I had high hopes for Amelie but it failed to meet expectations. We had a reservation for 7pm on a Sunday and had our choice of tables. I was surprised by how inattentive the waiters were; it took us a while to flag them down. We missed the happy hour but they offer 3-wine flights for $16 after 7pm, which was a great choice. I liked all the wines I tried (got the Samie). As for the food, the mango/cream cheese and salmon crostinis were very fresh and done well. However, I was very disappointed by my plus one's pork medallions. They were way overcooked and tough. If I were him, I would have sent them back to the kitchen! My ravioli dish was smothered in cheese and not what I expected. The ambiance was perfect for a date, but my experience was marred by the less-than-exemplary food.
While visiting NYC, my friend and I did a quick Yelp search and ended up at Amelie. We loved the atmosphere, the live music and wine -- but were convinced the wait staff hated us. However, we ended up staying from happy hour until closing -- 8 hours, no joke.  And ended up with champagne, compliments of the wait staff. Atmosphere, atmosphere, atmosphere -- loved it.
Okay, I'm giving in with the 5-star rating even though I really *only* feel it's 4.5 stars. There's no real "ding" to not giving it 5 stars... The server/manager?owner? was attentive, patient, helpful, cordial, and knowledgeable. The live jazz music was enjoyable, but then again we were sitting in the far back of the restaurant so it wasn't noisy to us. The food was prepared excellent with great flavor, texture, and color... Perhaps the half point off is because we didn't order anything that was like "Whoa, I never had anything like this" or "Wow, this really tastes different from other places". That, and also when we were approaching the spot, I only saw red lights emanating and started thinking "uh oh, this looks like it could be dive-y" (but I was absolutely wrong. The inside has a lot of tasteful personality). But then again, they won't really feel the "ding" because I'm giving them their full rating so I don't feel badly for being overly critical. Their wine options were great. The server helped us pair the wine with our meal. The five of us had an enjoyable dinner of conversation, alcohol, great food - oh, and dessert......!!!!! The ganache and brulee were excellent; we ordered a second round. They have a happy hour that we just missed 5-7p, but I'm sure that's wonderful as well. And you can make a reservation on Open Table to ensure that you'll have a table in that cozy spot. The entree portions were a very nice and filling size, especially for French food. The most expensive, I think, was the filet mignon and that was $31, still well under the going rate I think? You can eat for under $40 a person, but ours came out to $60 ea (incl tip) because we ordered quite a few appetizers and some alcohol.
I am a French girl and I realized that French cooking is often bad-treated in the world and when it is weel-cooked, the bill tends to be so expensive quickly! Here in Amelie, only good points to give! - the atmosphere and design of the place - Huge choice of wine by glass or bottles - Advice of guys to choose the good one - Cheese plates to choose yourself - typically french dishes : snails, goat cheese ball, "tartare" - free wifi -  well-picked music It was recommended too for sunday brunch !!! For me it was like a French restaurant managed by French neighbours in the heart of Manahattan!! Thanks dear Amelie !
Friends and I occasionally meet up at Amelie for happy hour. It gets crowded after 6pm. The food is great (a little pricey for what it is though) and the happy hour specials are good.
Love this bar, the bartenders, the lighting and the service. Sweet Amelie :)
I came with 2 other friends for happy hour. At this time only a few tables were occupied. However, the seats and tables fill up fast and for a good reason. Amelie is AMAZING. Not to mention that they have a very extensive wine selection. They have some happy hour specials such as wines and some small plates such as the goat cheese and the escargots. Their bread comes in a very cute burlap sack. I have to say their ambiance is very chic and french. However, its the people who work there that makes the place. Everybody was so nice, sweet and enjoyable. Overall we ordered almost everything off the menu. We had the Chicken Liver (the favorite), Beef Tartare, Salmon Tartare, and Duck Confit. The chicken liver was so good. There was no weird gamey tastes at all. All it tasted like was creamy goodness. Everything else was also very good and tasty, but definitely the chicken liver was the winner. It also came in a cute glass jar! We also had for dessert the Chocolate Mousse and the Creme Brulee. These two desserts were a perfect end to our happy hour at Amelie.
this is my third time at Amelie for happy hour and I will def be going back a fourth time! There happy hour wine flight special is a great deal. the wine list is amazing! The cheese platter is great and i am in love with the chicken liver mouse, dates, and escargot. I also love the ambiance. Great modern chic twist on french food. even the waiters are french or speak french. Only complaint is that the tables a little too small.
Everything about Amelie is fantastic. The flights of wine at happy hour (3 wines of your choice for $10) ... what a great deal.  The host ... he was friendly, funny and extremely gracious.  The food ... everything was delicious.  The escargot was tender.  The tuna tartare was flavorful. The mussels were perfect (and it seemed we couldn't get enough bread to dip in to the delicious sauce).  The filet mignon cut like butter.  The skate special was unbelievable.  I'm not a big desert guy, but the creme brulee was sooo good.
Great for happy hour in the Village! Really good happy hour wines for $6-7, normally around $10-12, and very large pours. The waiter was very accommodating, friendly and patient with our slow ordering process. The place was very clean and very picturesque, although the noise level did get a bit high around 7. (Just voices, no music) Enjoy!
Love Amelie! Have already recommended this to a few people for their happy hour $10 wine flights and $6 escargot/goat cheese HH appetizers. Came here for my birthday with a few friends and we had the front table with the cute theater-esque seating.  My friends were all charmed by the ambiance when they arrived and thought it was a fantastic find (touche, me! hah).  We all did the wine flights which meant a ton of glasses on the tables but the waiters were very attentive and helpful with helping us select wines to our likings. I chose this place first for the wine but had a serious Escargot craving (I know, who has that?). Their Escargot was delicious but could have used more butter.  I had a light salad for my entree since I had already eaten so much already that day. Overall, dinner was amazing and they were fantastic about getting the reservation in order while also being attentive to our table.   Protip!: Bring your friends here for HH, it's a superb find and you'll look like a hero!
Great venue and wine selection!
Great French wine choices dominate others, prices reasonable. Cheese plate ordered by couple near us looked wonderful but we did not partake,saving room for dinner. Would be happy to linger there in future.
I would so definitely come back to this restaurant!! Both the entree and wine I had ordered was delicious! My first time actually ordering an entree and finishing every single thing that was on that plate! I got the apple cider pork tenderloin, ( I think that's what it is called) with white wine and it was amazing!! Usually I'm a little hesitant when it comes to any tenderloin, esp pork because they just give you with the bone and it's usually not cooked the way I like it but this dish....! no bones! chopped in pieces and everything perfectly cooked with NO BURNT sides! Great seasonings and great salad! I also tried the banana carmalized brulee and it was really good beyond my expectations! I've also had 6 different cheese dishes for appetizers and they were delicious. I def recommend this place to anyone! Must go and try! BTW the reason for giving a five a star is because of everyone's great attitude! They were all super nice and knew exactly what they were doing! Out of all the restaurants I've been too, I've never had such great service AND great food! They def make you feel comfortable.
We enjoyed our first visit on a Sunday night so much we went back again mid-week.  The Happy Hour flight of three wines for $10 is such a treat; you can chose from a prepared list of recommendations or pick your own three.  The cheese selections, the small plates and the entrees are so good and beautifully presented, you have to keep going back to try them all. Our servers were attentive and very helpful as we found our way through the many options.
Ok...but not a place I would return to. Expected much more than just mediocre food.
Awesome place. Came here on a double date and look forward to making this a new regular spot for me. Wine: excellent Food: pretty darn good Service: patient (they didn't rush us on a Friday night) and fairly attentive. Knowledgable. Ambience: adorable, romantic, chic Only downside was the seats weren't so comfortable. They reminded us of airline seats. I'll definitely be back soon.
Very surprising for a French bistro! Definitely surpassed my expectations. The bartender, Olivier, was super hospitable and had great recommendations to offer about the menu (we sat at the bar). They have a vast selection of reputable French wines. Olivier helped us pair our food with a variety of different wines. I got wicked drunk that night -- just an indication of how much of a good time I was having. The food was made the real French way which was definitely a nice change. Super fun place to go with a girlfriend on a Friday night. Def Recommend!
Oui!!!!! I simply adore this place! Amazing food, wine, & service! I came on a Friday evening and I was so shocked at how great the service was since it was quite bustling! They knew right away that my boyfriend was French. Hmmm maybe his accent gave it away *wink* Had the "Olivier" flight for $10. Great red wine flight. Went well with the cheese that my boyfriend chose. We also had the escargot which was perfect and not salty at all. Our main entrees were the trout and ravioli (they are the mini ones from South of France). DELICIOUS. My ravioli was comforting and cheesy. What more could you ask for? Decor is modern, nothing too special but the ambiance is interesting. You can bring a date here or come with friends. It's great! Our bill was about $95 (not including tip) for all of that food and like I mentioned before, AMAZING service. Kudos to our waiter for being awesome. I love it when I hit all three spots- food, drinks, & service. Jackpot! I know I'll be back here. This place is a keeper! Au revoir & bisous!!!
I've been an Amelie patron since I lived in San Francisco a few years ago.  Super excited when they opened their location in NYC.  While the San Francisco crowd is a bit more 'bumpin' - think standing in a packed bar shoulder to shoulder, the NYC crowd is more sophisticated and enjoys a sexy, fun atmosphere, with sexy, fun staff.  I've now been to the NY location twice.  One night with my bf and last night with 7 girlfriends.  The first time, my bf and I had a 9 pm reservation on a Saturday night, but our table wasn't ready until 9:45.  For us, it was ok though, b/c we weren't in a hurry and because Jacque gave us some bubbly while we were waiting. Last night, my book club and I partook in their great happy hour specials (a flight of any 3 wines on the menu for a mere $10 bucks) and their $6 appetizer plates (goat cheese and escargots are the only options) then moved on for dinner and more wine.  We ordered lots of things.. different salads, flat bread, ratatouille, pomme frites, salmon tartare, steak tartare etc.  Everything good.  Overall, Jacques and team took care of us and we ended the night with another round of complimentary bubbly.  Love this place.  Will be back. In sum, Cute french men, good wine, great specials, nice atmosphere. Did I mention French Men?
Very very good. Don't miss the ceviche if they're serving it. I had lamb chops which were very nice...mint and couscous went well with that. The banana creme brulee was the highlight for me though honestly. Great service as well from a guy wearing an airplane seat belt buckle on his belt, which he made look kind of cool. Great value for a very high quality of food. Definitely will be back.
Excellent food, great wine selection, excellent music.  The service could be improved. Crowded and noisy for dinner, especially in the front toward the bar.
This place is one of my favorite French restaurants in the city. The food is never disappointing and the service is spectacular. All the servers are so nice and attentive. They give you an unlimited bread basket and have the best homemade ginger soda. Most importantly, they are so clean here! Even the restrooms are well-kept. I absolutely love this place.
Although I came with a group of unadventurous food friends, Amelie did not wow. The atmosphere and service were nice enough. The lamb chops were quite tasty, as were the warm pistachio crusted goat cheese ball with honey. But the rest of the small plates, like the flat bread and the bland tuna tartar were insignificant. I have yet to find incredible french food (that's not Le Bernardin or something similar) in NYC and I expect more from my city.
Oui, oui, oui!!  There is absolutely nothing bad to say about Amelie. Except for maybe that it is disastrous for my diet. But with wine and food this good, and service to match, who cares about the diet? As everyone has mentioned, the happy hour is a must. Absurdly cheap and those goat cheese balls are out of control. I could eat them all night. In fact, I probably will.
Friendly staff + happy hour + lip-smacking small eats. Reasons enough to be at Amelie on Thursday after work. This place is good for unwinding over your favorite wine and if you manage to hit happy hour, three wine pairings for ten. Makes me super happy. You MUST eat their pomme frites (more popularly french fries) and goat cheese with honey.  Seriously, you must and please trust me on that. They also give you hot baguettes in a little sack as an accompaniment. Service is A+. The staff makes sure you leave with a smile and new French words in your dictionary.
Great food. Great service.
I really wanted to love this place, especially since the one in SF is great.  Let me  start by saying that the service here is absolutely 5 stars.  But the food... was so disappointing.  To our surprise, the seasoning for all 4 dishes we had were way off.  The foie gras was bland and the steak tartare was way over-spiced/seasoned...also smelled/tasted heavily of ketchup.  The mussels were also so bland we had to ask for salt and Tabasco.  Normally I love dipping crusty bread in the mussels sauce but it was as if the chef forgot the seasoning!  And the duck leg confit was also a bit dry and bland.  I dunno, maybe it was an off night?  Or new cooks? I would come back for the wine and charcuterie/cheese but probably not the prepared food.  Disappointing, to say the least.
Girlfriend loves it so I must say I love it too.  Great quality wine and awesome ambience.  Part where my gf is french and its owners seem to all be french is great too
Came here on Saturday night with two of my girlfriends for a relaxing night of wine/apps. This was the first time I've been to Amelie and I can't wait to go back! We arrived at around 9:30 without a reservation and the place was packed (it's pretty small and cozy). One of the girls in our party was running late, but the host was very accommodating and sat us within a few minutes anyway. It's rare that restaurants of this size will sit you without your whole party so this was a nice surprise. I ordered the pistachio crusted goat cheese ball and split a bottle of sparkling rose with my friends. Everything was fantastic. I would like to come back again for dinner/happy hour to try more of the menu. No complaints about the service either. The waiters were all very friendly and attentive, and it doesn't hurt that they all have French accents. Overall I had a great experience and highly recommend to anyone looking for a chill wine bar.
I really appreciated the authentic French menu - duck confit, garlic-butter escargot, plates of cheese and charcuterie. Excellent wine list too. The duck was a little dry, but everything else was beautifully executed. Slow service, but hey- this is a French restaurant. Of course it's slow.
#Love. That sums it up nicely but ill say more. I've been here just once and I don't have a huge appetite because the show I just saw made us order food etc...but my friend and I had cocktails, shared a bottle of wine, duck confit. I had the old fashioned. Stellar. It's my litmus test for how good or not a bar tender is; they nailed it. Almost as good as I'd make it myself (yes, I make the best). The duck was f#king delicious. I don't like duck. The wine was well priced but since they didn't make it, it tasted like the same bottle I had of same wine earlier that night. Overall, I'm going to be back over and over...until then you should make a stop too.
Great service. Excellent wine. Love the vibe.
Delicious food, great staff, intimate ambiance.
This is such an amazing place!! Since moving from London to New York, we've been craving for some decent European food, after seeing the great review on yelp, we decided to give it a try and took our friend visiting from HK there - we all absolutely LOVE it!! The service is A star, food is too good to be true, I loved everything about this bar/restaurant!! Definitely coming back!!
Very very nice group of French gentlemen that runs this place.  We had a nice experience at the bar, were very warmly received and had some nice small plate foods.  The red color theme is not my thing and it wasa bit tight in there, but definitely a nice lively little place!
There are lots of reviews for this place so I'll just throw out some of the highlights: -Wine flights. Even at $16 (the non-happy hour price), I felt this was a good deal. And its just fun to get a variety. -Ambience - it was really buzzing with happy energy, and the dim lighting created a fun atmosphere. -Charcuterie/cheese options are well priced.
I have to rate this place a 3.5 because a 5 to me is like the Auberge dining experience, however, that being said for NYC and for the love of French wine this place is great! A five for the wine happy hour:) Had the mussels and they were superb. I really like leaks and they use them in this dish. Be sure to use the spoon for juice if your gluten free like me because you don't want to miss the delectable treat! I'm a big fan of this place and will come back for the wine happy hour again when in town. I just ordered the duck...can't wait! 5 minutes later and oh no it's rubbery and drowned in peppery sauce:( if your a duck ordering purest then you will feel the same way. If your a sauce slathering type of person then this is your peppery dish! If you follow me you are all about the quality of pure food. I also watched the locals who really seem to like the place as much if not super way more than me and they had salads. Oh so pretty looking salads! Sheesh I walked out of here super duper buzzed!
Went here for my birthday dinner - 5 people - on Saturday. It was really great. The staff is so friendly and happy and attentive. I had the frisee lardons, the foie gras, and the salmon tartare. YUMS! Great bottle of rose, not too expensive either. They brought me banana creme brulee with a candle to finish out the night. I will be coming back again and again and I'm happy they're in the neighborhood.
Was there for dinner last night. its an lovely place for a date night great wine list food was excellent.
I wanted to try this place because I never made it to the one in SF! This place is not as cute as the one if SF, but still pretty adorable. Good for dates, as most of the tables are for two. I didn't have any of the food, but we ended up drinking 3-4 glasses of wine over 3 hours and closed the place down. Not once did they try to kick us out, hurry us along, or push food on us!
Great place. We came here for happy hour Friday night and was very pleasantly surprised. Definitely a good find in the neighborhood. Happy hour special: great deal. For $10, you get to choose a flight of three wines from their "wines by the glass" list, which is pretty extensive. (They don't limit you to some short-listed "happy hour specials" list.) The pistachio goat cheese and escargot happy hour special (each $6) was delicious. We also ordered the mussels (not on the happy hour menu) -- a bit too much butter in my opinion, but it was a decent dish. Service: attentive, friendly, funny, and hospitable. When a server noticed that we were short on bread, without being prompted, he brought us a basket of bread for to sop up the soup from the mussels and the sauce on escargot. Also, our original server memorized our entire order (including the flights of wine), and got it all right. That's skill. Food and wine also arrived without a long wait (could also be because we got there at 6:15pm, so it wasn't that busy yet). Also, servers refilled our water glasses multiple times without asking. Awesome. Others: clean bathrooms, and love that they presented the check using a French novel. --Kink to work out: we had three different servers that were all trying to serve us. Great for attention, but we were asked three times for our orders. Lol. No biggie, but makes for some awkwardness.
Visited Amelie on an early Friday night, the bar is crowded already. Since it's a busy night, the services seems slow, not good for quick bite. I ordered food like escargots, foie gras, mussels, salmon, and pork tenderloin. My disappointment will be the mussels were not fresh, and salmon was under cook. I guess I shouldn't order seafood. The place is small and tables are very very packed. Music is loud, but the happy hour wine flight of 3 wines for $12 and rotating $6 appetizers are great value. I recommend to get a happy hour drink here and eat somewhere else.
First time I've ever been here and I can see what the hype is all about.  Can't believe I didn't know about this gem until now.  Super good food, attentive servers that don't rush you (we were there for three hours!), fun ambience.. And all at ridiculously dirt cheap prices in New York standards.   They have an awesome hh special - 6$ wine that looks like a heavy hand poured it, but hey, definitely not complaining.  There is a good selection of food to satisfy everyone's palette.  The assorted cheese plate is a must-have in addition to the cod mashed potatoes, and flatbread.  The space isn't conducive for large groups and moreso better for intimate gatherings / dates / etc.  There is not only table seating, but also bar seating as well if you wanted to keep it casual.
I've gone to this place about 4 times now and the service keeps me going back. Excellent recommendations from the bartender with an extensive knowledge of all of the whines. Food is excellent. Steak tartar is a must! Most deff a great place to go for a relaxing glass of wine.
I liked Amelie because of the ambiance. It's busy, so you should definitely make a reservation even if it's for two people. Their happy hour wine flights are AMAZING. They have a huge selection of wine, and the salmon/creme fraiche crostini is delicious. They had Malpeque oysters when I was there, and a selection of East Coast oysters (I didn't pay attention to those - maybe blue point?) The bill comes between the pages of a french paperback novel - it's cute touch I think.
interesting menu; ok french onion soup; $6 wine happy hr, 5-7p rude and kind waiters.
the BEST steak tartare i have ever tried, i'm still thinking about it days later!! Came here for happy hour. Drink prices were great - $6 wines.
Deliciousness at it Frenchish best! It was my second time here for dinner In a year since my last visit they (the French guys that run the place) have made some updates. You will no longer see the questionable 70sish (flea market sold) chairs and tables up front. The tables are new now and they give you more room and patrons to enjoy the window, and the walkers who pass by. If that is your thing. For others there is a nice bar and some high tables along with regular small tables toward the back. What hasn't changed, fortunately, and brilliantly is the happy hour food and wine options. Yes, you can get the escargot, and 6 different types of crostinis and olives and a bunch of other yummys for happy hour prices. Oh and the wine special where you get to try 3 different options for $10 is simply dreamy. Speaking of, I am still dreaming about the filet mignon and the crisp fries that we shared. The menu that comes clipped to an old cover of a record is touching. If you feel like catching up on your high school or college French you get the opportunity when you receive your check in a book. The atmosphere is very cozy. Lots of dates as well as single girl outings. Will certainly come back for more!
This place is awesome. Great atmosphere, excellent service, really (really-really) good cocktails, and oh the food is amazing. Was in NY for a short trip and disappointed by the previous night's dinner choice (over priced and undercooked) but Amelie redeemed NYs cuisine for me! This place definitely lives up to it's yelp reviews. P.S. Even though it's a wine bar, try their an old fashion. They made one of the best I've had.
I really like this place. I have been here a couple times and both times the food, service and ambiance has been great. The waiters are really nice and the service impeccable. They also have specially priced drinks for happy hour. I will definitely be returning here if I'm ever in the neighborhood. Don't forget to try the creme brulee!
If you're coming for a happy hour, definitely make reservations!  I came at 6:30 on a Thursday and luckily two spots opened up at the bar within 20 minutes.  The happy hour deal is pretty great--you can select any 3 wines available by the glass for $10!   As far as food goes, I had the goat cheese ball appetizer which like other reviewers have noted, is awesome!  It comes surrounded by sweet, caramelized onions and unlimited baguette slices.  I also tried the mushroom, arugula flat bread which wasn't very noteworthy--you're better off trying something else. I'd like to come back here for dinner or on a less crowded night.  I didn't give this place 5 stars because I wasn't really blown away.  It was pretty jam packed and the wait/hostess situation was a little confusing (high tables and bar are first come first serve, tables are reservation).  Hopefully when I return it becomes a 5 star experience!
Great food and even greater service! With an extensive selection of wine and a helpful waiter to help with the pairing of food, this is a great place for a date or place to meet up for drinks during happy hour. With reasonable pricing and great ambiance it fits such a bill. The only down side was the seating was a bit tight since it is a small restaurant. Either way it was great
Amazing mussels and great ambiance. Nice spot for catching up with friends.
At first glance, Amélie bears no resemblance to a French bistro. The interior of this part-restaurant, part-wine bar is a dimmed, yet alarmingly red interior. Upon entering one evening after work, my friend and I were surprised to find a bustling, clamorous crowd of people by the bar area near entrance, and it was as though had walked into a model of anachronism; shiny, modern dining tables against a seemingly rustic bar, with patrons ranging from elderly couples to young professionals. Although the initial experience was slightly jarring, we were warmly greeted by the host and shown to our seats towards the rear of the restaurant. We had our orders taken before a small bag with sliced and baked bread was placed on the table, which we nibbled at throughout the evening. Our first courses arrived quickly. I had decided on the soup of the day, which was a mushroom bisque, while my friend had decided to go with the escargot. I have to admit that I treated my soup as more of a dipping sauce than anything else. Although small in portion, it was creamy, rich, and full of flavor, and a perfect welcome to the oncoming cooler weather. I was persuaded into trying an escargot from my friend's plate, but it was cooked well and the garlic-butter sauce it came with made up most of the flavor. For my main, I had gone for the Duck Leg Confit. The protein itself was quite generous, and I could tell that the outside had been crisped to near-perfection, while the interior meat was still kept moist, which was quite a feat. Hidden beneath was a sizeable amount of mushrooms and fingerling potatoes, which had been seasoned well and deliciously flavored with the remnants of duck fat. Although somewhat tricky to eat with the bone in (I was tempted to discard any semblance of manners and eat the leg with my hands), I pretty much cleared my plate. My friend had ordered the Gratin de ravioles du Royans, which was a rather small baked pasta dish. The cheese was plentiful, though, but I didn't find it so outstanding that I couldn't replicate it myself in my own kitchen. And finally, dessert. There were only two options that night, so we decided to get one of each. My absolute favorite was the Crème Brûlée; the vanilla bean flavor was delightfully present and the caramelized sliced bananas on top created a sweet and slightly crispy exterior. Looking back, I almost wish we had not gotten the Chocolate Fondant, especially as I actually don't extensively enjoy chocolate. Flavor-wise, it was rather one-dimensional, and I had expected a slightly molten interior, which this version lacked. Service throughout the night was spot-on, which was especially noteworthy given the ratio of clients to servers during that night. For all of its flaws and its somewhat scattered personality, Amélie still strikes home on multiple counts. I look forward to returning, especially to try some of their wine selections that are proudly on display behind the bar, especially as their happy hour is one of the better deals in the city.
AMAZING! They pour generous amount of wine for you!
We were really excited to try this one based on the other reviews on Yelp. Our experience? It was a very mixed bag. The foie gras was delicious, the wine was okay - not mindblowing - and the atmosphere was what we were looking for as tourists in the village, eclectic and funky. The meal went a little downhill with the entrees- I got the pork medallions and they were tough and did not have enough seasoning. I was expecting to swoon, but instead I got "meh." He got the duck and liked it. We ended with the banana creme brûlée, which was okay but I found the bananas a little overwhelming and the center was cold. All in all, I would probably go here again for the atmosphere and appetizers.
Delicious duck confit! I also highly recommend the warm pistachio goat cheese & we loved that our server, Jaques was actually French. What a delight! Great decor,  stylish & fun and the music and buzz of the people gave a great energy to the entire restaurant. A fun place & overall great food.
My boyfriend and I came here as a stop on our way to the subway.  We had just come from dinner at Havana Alma de Cuba (it was amazing, btw). This wasn't actually the wine bar we were trying to get to but I am insanely thankful that the great music and cute/moody décor drew us in through the door. We sat at the bar and ordered a bottle of wine. I really appreciated that the bartender was patient as we tried a couple reds; I like dry and old world while my boyfriend likes fruitier and heavier cabs.    We settled on a great recommendation that was replacing a bottle on the list.  At $42 it was a great tasting Spanish red. The ambiance of the place was very intriguing and captivating. I still think someone hacked into my phone and stole my playlist because the music was everything I love to listen to - very eclectic; spanning all genres and decades. I was so impressed with their wine list and available wines by the glass that I am going to make this my Go To place for a simple glass of wine with friends the next time I'm in the area.
Had an awesome meal here last night.  The servers are all French, so you hear French being spoken all night.  Major perk for a Francophile.  If you get there before 7 PM you can take advantage of some awesome happy hour deals, including $6 escargot and flights of 3 wines for $10.  Even for a BYOB place, you can't buy three different bottles for $10.  They pour a moderate amount, but if you just want to taste a few different quality wines (most are from France), and get a slight buzz, this is the place to do it.  The food was great: we started with the mussels, which tasted fresh and had a bread-friendly sauce.  I got the brook trout, and the eyes freaked out my girlfriend a bit, but it was delicious and a sweet presentation.  She got the special, a New York strip steak au poivre, which was also great and I just polished off her leftovers for lunch today.  We split the chocolate mousse for dessert: dark, airy and awesome.  With tax and tip it was about $140 for the two of us, but we picked some of the more expensive entrees.  You can definitely do a dinner for two for under $100, especially if you take advantage of the happy hour specials.  Very excited to return to try out their other dishes and to hear the sweet symphony of French conversation.
Mussels Beet salad Filet mignon Friendly service Live music
Love this place!  Ambience is contemporary chic and the HH specials make for an affordable night out. All in all, I recommend. A reservation is definitely recommended as the place can fill quickly.
The service was wonderful. Our server helped us pick out the cheeses for our cheese plate and it was heavenly! Plus, the French accents don't hurt one bit. The wine selection covered the globe. A great place for hanging out with friends.
My time at Amelie started off a little rough. I asked if I could go on with my reservation, even though we were only doing Happy Hour & Appetizers. The guy, I believe his name is Jack, said it was not a big deal and that he would seat us no problem. He then brings us to a table that is hidden in a corner behind the end of the bar. None of us had a problem with it until nobody saw us and waited around 15 minutes to get someone's attention. Our server apologized for the wait. We were disappointed but once we got our orders in, our experience took a magnificent turn :) The service was great. We had another server come on and assist with our orders. The 10$ flight is a steal, and we got tons of cheeses and other delicious eats. We got so many refills on baguettes for our cheese, we were all definitely happy and forgot about our wait in the beginning. Also, the servers know their wine and are incredibly helpful. This happy hour deal is definitely a steal, and the service was wonderful. Highly recommend it!
Amélie is a shining beacon of light in the otherwise ratchet assortment of bars I tend to frequent. $10 wine flights and the $6 warm goat cheese with something-something-encrusted-something-delicious appetizer are amazing HH deals that gives broke girls like me and their gay bestie a chance to feel classy and fancy. The owner and staff are warm, friendly and have delightful accents. We were deemed as "family" after our first visit there, and by our third visit the bartenders all knew our wine preferences. They're spot on every time with their selections for our flights and we have a lot of fun nodding and pretend we too are wine connoisseurs who know what they're talking about as they describe each wine to us. Arrive early for HH, and definitely make dinner reservations because it gets packed. And look out for a tiny Asian girl and her gay bestie wearing color-coordinated, matchy-matchy outfits at the bar ;)
Fantastic find!! A few friends of ours invited us for happy hour (5-7PM) on a Saturday where they have wine flights (with very generous pours I might add) for only $10! Very warm and cozy atmosphere and fabulous service! We had some of the cheese apps and if you eat ANYTHING you must try the pistachio crusted goat cheese ball with honey, confiture d'oignons and toasts... I could eat this every day! My boyfriend loved the chicken liver mousse. In essence, a great spot and I will definitely be back for dinner one evening.
3.5 because the bottle wine list is pretty pricey, but 4 because the dishes were pretty solid. So i had already scarfed down some dinner, so when i met up with my buddy an hour later...i said 'hey, let's grab something light.'  Apparently, my version of light is a bottle of wine and foie gras.  In my defense, it was freezing cold out and more fat keeps you warm, right? ...I will stick to that.   The place is small, and we were seated quickly on a saturday evening around 7pm.  We decided to grab a bottle of wine and some appetizers.  The service was friendly and they kept both my wine glass and water filled. image Foie gras with a basket of sliced baguette alongside our mussels appetizer. The foie was melt in your mouth delicious and came with some frisee and red wine poached pear.  i didn't think the pear did anything for the foie and i actually didn't realize it was pear ($14).  The mussels were meaty and creamy but sadly, half of our mussels had sandy grit. The leek flavors with the chardonnay based broth was fairly light and complimentary ($16).  we had a nice bottle of wine but it was kind of pricey ($56). image Chocolate lava cake: nothing exceptional. A bit crispy on the outside, but the gooey center still tasted of flour. Overall, it was relaxing and the food was good. I would come back and get some wine and appetizers.  My wallet was pretty empty when i left though.
Definitely not what I was expecting, but was happy to have gotten a reservation for 5 anywhere on a Thursday night, last minute. The decor is sort of tacky; retro red and white plastic all over was hard to look at. I will say though that what it lacked in aesthetics, it made up for in cheese. We started with the cheese platter (cheddar, 3 cream brie and manchego) with an awesome cheesy mushroom and arugula flat bread,  mussels in white wine and the decadent prosciutto wrapped dates. Paired with a very reasonably priced Malbec and endless sacks of bread, it was enough to satisfy the 5 of us. The prices are low for the area and fare, but it was nothing to write home about. The waiter was sweet and added to the authenticity of this French "bistro" with his heavy accent but a bit slow. Not sure if I would visit again or recommend it to a friend unless they were looking for something cheap and mediocre.
First time to Amelie tonight and were we glad we went to check it out. A great deal on a wine flight (3 glasses) for $10 during happy hour. We tried the following: Escargot - hot and buttery w/herbs and only $6 during happy hour Chicken liver mousse - tasty and larger portion than we expected Pork medallions - good flavor, but over cooked Halibut - the special of the night and it was delicious The staff was attentive, the food was good and the prices are decent. We enjoyed our experience and will be back to try other items on the menu.
The food was great, but the place can be a bit cramped. The steak was excellent and so was the Malbec' I had chosen. I need to go back here and try a few more things. But is is a great cozy spot and the peopel serving are extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.
My friend and I were yelping happy hours during class (learning a lot) and we came across this gem. In a review we read that for happy hour they have a $10 flight , basically 3 glasses of wine that go well together for $10... well hell  you cant beat that so off we went. We get there just as happy hour begins at 4 (it goes till 7). The place is very cute with wine bottle lights and a red and black theme. Our waiter was super nice and helpful both of us being inexperienced with wine. He made me my own flight of sweet whites we also got the pecan crusted goat cheese. Everything was so good! Can't wait to come back.
Went here for a celebration dinner with my gf. Friendly staff, decent service (I was very thirsty so drinking a lot if water, had some stretches were I was left waiting or a refill) but excellent food! Ambiance was excellent as well, really romantic and intimate.
Apart from the strangely futuristic decor, this place was an extremely pleasant surprise.  After living in the city for several years, I had yet to come across a French restaurant (in Manhattan, anyway) that offered up both excellent food and reasonable prices.  Amelie delivered on both fronts! The bacon and prosciutto-wrapped dates were delicious (hard to go wrong with that one), the French bread was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, the steak was cooked how I ordered it, and my friend's pork chops were fantastic.  Add to that a good wine list, a decadent chocolate dessert, and wonderful service, and you've got the makings of a great night.  Truly the perfect place to celebrate my birthday!
Food was amazing! Had the duck breast special- perfect. Everything adds up really quickly... wine, cheese, apps. More expensive than my usual, but totally worth it for a night out!   (Only thing was I felt the Rose I got tasted like it was opened for a while.)
Really great for a date. Very cozy and romantic atmosphere. Great selection of wine and cheeses. I ordered the filet, which was very tasty, but I wish I would have gotten the ravioli. My date ordered that with truffle oil and it was the best ravioli I've had. I would definitely come back just to eat wine and cheese.
Met up with an old friend of mine here on a rainy day and we both fell in love with it.  Amelie is a super cute happy hour spot with a wine flight that's only $12!  The appetizer specials were also too good to resist.  We ended up splitting the escargot, the chicken liver mousse, warm goat cheese, and the steak tartare - all were tasty.  I definitely overindugled on the crostini.  I'm pretty sure I ate an entire baguette - the roof of my mouth was a little torn up but that's my own fault hahaha.
you know it's your favorite wine bar.. if you come back twice in less than 3 days.... yes, you heard right... TWICE in a period of THREE days... this is the best thing that's hit up Greenwich Village... so seriously, compliments to Germain Michel and Samie Didda for opening up a second location in NYC.  (The original is located in SF). there is a bright charm about this wine bar with French flair written all over it.  First, it's more spacious than the usual wine bar and brightly lit than usual.  Both big pluses.  Happy Hours start at 5:30 and end at 7, with a fantastic selection of wines and a 3 flight tasting for $10.   Aside from raving about their fantastic wines (in fantastic big wine glasses), their food is worth all the hype.  notable: -foie gras terrine (BUTTER, BUTTER & MORE BUTTER...bloody hell, it was so buttery!) -chicken liver mousse (Best chicken liver mousse in the city.  Sorry, ABC kitchen... they got you beat) -escargot (juicy, buttery, delectable) -goat cheese ball with warm pistachio, honey & carmelized onions (melted in my mouth) -plentiful bread -cheese plate (with homemade pear sauce) things i could have lived without -steak tartare -mussels (good but not my favorite) Dessert -Valrhona chocolate molten cake w/ creme anglais (totally worth it) -Banana pudding creme brulee (not a fan of creme brulee but it was good) someday i'll try their main entrees...but i am a wine and appetizers only type of girl anyways....so this works for me just fine! this place is a fine curse... the only place i can allow myself to be full gluttonous and not feel guilty!!!!  i guess they bring out the best in me. and their service is impeccable.  like...you really know how to make a girl blush...impeccable.   Big stamp of approval in my book.  This place is definitely my favorite wine bar in the city...hands down!
My hunnie brought me here for my 29th bday and I enjoyed the food (especially the cheese and cured meats), theatre like seats and company!
Amelie.. you're almost five stars for me.. almost but not quite. The food was outstanding but because of the service I just can't give it 5 stars. A very French restaurant, we were here for about 5 hours.  The meal probably took 2-3 hours and then we stayed for drinks. This was dangerous because by the end of the night our bill was close to $900 for 7 people. It was also very French because of the service.  We had a reservation for 6 people but because we showed up with 4, they sat us at a table for 4 and said that when the other 2 showed up they would figure it out. Well, the 5th person showed and we squeezed.  And then when the 6th person showed up, squeezing was not possible.  Luckily a table cleared 2 tables down and the people next to us were willing to move down, but with a reservation this shouldn't have been an issue.  One of my friend's entrees also never came out.. luckily she wasn't that hungry and was able to pick off other people's plates, but it was her birthday and it was unfortunate that it happened. As for the food... FOIE GRAS (Foie gras au torchon with red wine poached pear, port wine reduction and toasted baguette) - not the best I've had, but because I love foie gras, I loved it. Especially since it's now illegal in California. DUCK (Roasted duck leg confit with sautéed wild mushrooms and fingerling potatoes, topped with frisée) - perfect.  It was cooked with a crispy skin and absolutely delicious FLAT BREAD (Flatbread topped with portabella mushrooms, arugula, caramelized onions, roasted tomatoes & shaved parmesan) - good.  Not spectacular, but good. I would 100% come back here for the foie gras and the duck.  The pommes frites looked quite good as well.
We ate there the other night and what an interesting place!  I didn't know what exactly to make of the 'theme' of the place or the decor.  It was a bit trite.  It kind of looked like you were seated inside a ship, or maybe a wine cellar... One thing I DID like right away was there was a two-person jazz band playing.  I'm always a sucker for live jazz.  It was a Sunday evening, so I'm not sure if that's a regularly scheduled thing, but we did enjoy it. One other detail about Amelie I didn't care for was the TV right over the bar.  Amelie is one long room, so you can see the TV from virtually everywhere.  But part of the mixed vibe I got from Amelie suggested romantic, and nothing takes romance out of the air quicker than a distracting television. The food was really great, as was the waitstaff and bar staff.  I'm not one for shell fish, and they seemed to specialize in it, but I can't comment unfortunately.  Perhaps a place like this I should have given it a go? I had a fat Filet Mignon which was cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Juicy to the very last bite.  Another thing I would have liked to have tried was their selection of various cheeses.  What better place to enjoy fine cheese and wine than Amelie!  And speaking of wine, there selection seemed second to none.  I would have liked to try different wines had it been one of those nights. Maybe I'll make it back there one day...
Great location for a date night! The servers are super knowledgeable and can help you find the perfect wine given your preferences.
If you're willing to brave the Greenwich Village crowd and pay a little more for a fantastic French dinner, Amelie is the place for you. My fiancee and I were celebrating the anniversary of our engagement, and it fell on me to pick where we'd go. After some searching, I opted for Amelie. It had consistent reviews, and the menu looked delicious. FOOD: I'll start with the cheese plate (our appetizer). We opted for the 3-cheese plate, consisting of a cheddar, a bleu cheese, and a Brie. ZOMG the Brie was absolutely amazing. The cheddar and bleu cheese were good too, but the Brie? Forget about it. I'd eat a 3-cheese plate of just that. They gave us complimentary baskets of bread to go with the cheese, and the bread was also excellent. As for entrees, she opted for the filet mignon and I went with the salmon. Again, my salmon was excellent, but ZOMG her filet mignon was good. Tender, juicy, perfectly seasoned. My salmon fell apart (as it should) when my fork and/or knife touched it, and it was quite juicy and flavorful. DRINKS: if you go to a high scale French restaurant looking for mixed drinks and/or beer, well...I can't help you. If you do what you're supposed to and select a good French wine, then this is the place for you. Their wine list also includes various California and other European wines, but they have an extensive selection of French wines for just about any price range. We went by the glass since we both had to wake up early the next morning, and they offer a generous pour. SERVICE: fast, attentive, and very friendly. At one point in the evening when my fiancee had gone to the restroom, I discretely asked the server if he could deliver two glasses of champagne since it was an anniversary dinner, and as soon as she returned, he swung by with the champagne and said "happy anniversary." PRICES: I would place this in between the typical dining experience in NYC prices and the you should definitely dress up dining experience in NYC prices. It's not prohibitively expensive, but it's certainly more expensive than you may be used to it. Entrees run about $20-$30 (with the exception of their ravioli entree, which was $14). Glasses of wine were about $10-$14. You get the picture. Trust me when I say that it's worth it though. It's so worth it. AMBIANCE: not exactly their strongest suit. Maybe it's a little too "modern" for my taste in the context of the type of dining experience they offer, and the music list sounded like someone with ADHD in desperate need of their Ritalin dose was in charge of creating it. It didn't detract from our dinner by any means, but it could certainly be improved. Thanks Amelie for a perfect dining experience! When I'm in need of an excellent French dinner in the Village, you'll be my top choice!
It's all about the atmosphere. Amelie is a cool, fun, warm spot good for any occasion. I took my mother here for her birthday and she loved it. The wine menu is great and the staff is lots of fun. We had the chicken liver, filet mignon, lamb stew and pork tenderloin. All were good, I especially enjoyed the chicken liver. The desserts were also fab! The chocolate cake and creme brulee were the perfect way to finish the meal. Like I said, the atmosphere makes this place everything. Will definitely go back when I'm back in NY.
As a fan of the original Amelie in SF on Polk St, figured I'd check out their NY sister.  The vibe is cool, fun, French.  We made friends with the cute older couple visiting from upstate who sat next to us and told us all about their daughter, a junior at NYU.  I have to say the service is what made our night.  We were taken care of from start to finish and the bartender even sent us champagne after our meal just for kicks.  The food itself was impressive, no frills french cuisine.  We split the mussels, pommes frites, and the filet mignon. Everything was delicious.  Will def be back and bringing friends!
great service. great food. plain and simple. P.S. 2-seat tables are a little intimate, located close to each other. But the evening-hour ambiance makes it less awkward with strategically placed candles at each table. Like a lot of other restaurants, it's like a mini-campfire for parties of 2.
Such a nice place!! Love it!! Service is amazing, just ordered and in a few - we have everything on the table ready to enjoy)))staff is so friendly , will help to choose something tasty and suitable for everybody. Variety of wines is sooo wast - u will definitely pick your favorite!! Order cheese plate - u will satisfy all your cravings ) for sure will come back here
Food is very good, wine is very good, decor is delightful...but it's the staff that really makes this place shine.  Every single person on their staff is professional, knowledgable, friendly, and attentive.  My wife and I are so used to bad service that we'd almost forgotten what good service was like.  Amelie was a wonderful and refreshing experience, the kind of experience every wine bar SHOULD be.  Highly recommended, and this is coming from a couple that's explored wine bars around the world--not just NYC.
Excelente service, great environment,  good food and fair prices. We're definitely going back! Btw, the octopus salad was amazing!
Had an INCREDIBLE meal at Amelie last night!   ORDER! -Warm Pistachio Goat Cheese Ball w/ Honey and Caramelized Onion: We were licking our knives clean at the end of this appetizer. -Foie Gras: I've never experienced such an amazing melt-in-your-mouth, orgasmic foie gras before and I've had plenty.  I practically closed my eyes during each bite and felt transported to another world!! I'm coming back for another order (or two) of this in the future. -Escargot: Large pieces basked in PARSLEY BUTTER that were absolutely divine.  I used to rave about Jadis' escargot but now I can't stop raving about Amelie's. -Valrhona Chocolate Fondant: You can find molten cakes like such in more restaurants than we care for, BUT, Amelie's was perfectly sweet and when paired with a red wine became even BETTER.  The Valrhona chocolate + red wine combination produced the richest, most flavorful head kick ever.   -$10 wine flights till 7pm everyday!! SAY WHAT!?  And mind you, these came out in wine glasses [not small tasting glasses like I assumed they would] and the pours were generous for 'tasting pours'.... I had two flights last night...and so did my friend.  We basically each paid $20 for 6 glasses of wine ... did I mention how in love I am with Amelie?? + I also loved that it wasn't dungeon-y like other French restaurants in the city but was rather modern and bright. + The service was top notch!!  The staff last night consisted of two French men who were extremely nice, attentive, and polite.  They would come check on our table, at the right times, to recommend wines, answer questions, or just to check in on us.  They were even so kind as to let us borrow an umbrella when it started to pour before we left!! We "borrowed" it and promised we'd be back ;)  But that's some service right there!  We gave them two kisses and a few "au revoirs" and were off beaming at the great time we just had.   + The whole time (and we were there for almost three hours) we were there, we noticed that all of the patrons coming in were native French speakers and I was a little in love with the fact that I felt like I was in the middle of France!  I was immersed in the food, the wines, and the language all evening and I could have easily spent three more hours there just listening and learning.
Lovely place with great service! Good wine selection and had a nice salad and good bread.
This bathroom has a certain je ne sais quoi, but like their cuisine it surely must be experienced. Upon entry past the elegant double doors there is a waiting area out of sight from the general diners. The dim lighting serves to increase anticipation for the wonderful commode awaiting your derrière. When you finally enter you are enveloped by a wonderful wall of scent from a scented burning candle. The warm glow reflecting off the steel accents immediately brought me back to a romantic evening viewing Parisian city lights from atop the Eiffel Tower. Belly full of wine and heart full of love. Once you close the door behind you and your eyes adjust to the all-black interior, you realize that this is no ordinary water closet! No, in fact this is a discotheque, replete with bumping euro-techno jams and red-white lamps protruding from the walls and adding to the party ambiance. The toilet itself is adequate; it has a manual plunger and no seat cover. But in a bathroom of this caliber, you aren't meant to sit. You are clearly meant to dance! Let's talk about the flush for a moment. This toilet provides such a powerful flush you'd better be dancing or you'll risk getting sucked in. I'm pretty sure they harness the vacuum of space in order to propel your waste out of their restaurant as expeditiously as possible. Basically if all the other toilets in the city operate on the C train, Amélie uses the A express. Honestly, I was having such a good time on this date with the 'Jean' that I didn't want to go back to my actual date. Finally I had to say goodbye to the can to say hello to my canard. I returned to my table and immediately sent my dining partner to the restroom. I paid one last visit myself before I left...it's not many times that I voyage to the bathroom twice in one visit, but Amélie's toilet is an experience not to be missed. The Gratin de Ravioles du Royans was très bien. Get it with truffle oil. ...but that flush tho.
I'm very torn about whether I would go back... The positives are all about the food: - Wide array of cheeses which had nice additions of honey, apricot jam, nuts, and sliced apple.   - Steak Tartar (cut more like a tuna) was delicious and spicy. Definitely save some of the soft bread to go with it. - Duck confit leg was amazing, and the only reason I would consider going back.  It was cooked perfectly, the fatty meat just melted and had no fat globs. The negatives: Service lacked thoughtfulness.   We were seated 30min after our reservation, which we didn't mind because we had a seat at the bar.  When we were finally at the table, the waiter took my boyfriends menu away after 5 minutes without an explanation and never asked if we were ready to order (I still had mine).  When our cocktail glasses were empty, they were again removed, but we weren't asked if we wanted another drink. We were obviously sharing all our food (couple of apps and 1 entree) but never offered to bring us sharing plates.   Now I realize this sounds like a lot of whining and complaining but in the service industry, they should be proactive.
My new favorite place. Great food. Incredible happy hour. Knowledgeable and nice staff. Good price. First time and not my last
Great romantic spot. The people really put effort to treat you very well. Great dishes. Salmon tartar, duck and grilled salmon is really good.
Too crowded to be romantic and too dark to enjoy the food.  Wine was good.
Just moved the area and wandered to this place after a boozy brunch, since my friend and I were still pretty hungry. Such a good find! Very attentive, informative, and nice staff (surprised he tolerated my friends lack of table manners, she was very very drunk lol sorry about that!). Food highlights: Oysters mussels chicken liver mousse Perfection!! Also, the wine was great as well :) I plan on coming back often.
I've been to Amelie a handful of times.  I don't think I've ever had any problems with their table service and my waiters have always been friendly and cool.   Sometimes the bar area becomes pretty packed (one major sign of a good happy hour!) especially because it's common for several people to crowd around one small table - but on the bright side, this makes for a lively scene!  After all, no one likes to hear crickets at happy hour.   Amelie tends to be very female-heavy (last night, I swear that the crowd was about 85% women).  Then again, Amelie is a cute, trendy wine bar in Greenwich Village so this should probably be expected.
We went there to celebrate our engagement and it is absolutely the best meal I have ever had!  It was unforgettable!  We had a cheese platter, foie gras, mussels, filet au foie gras, duck confit, beet salad, and banana creme brulee.  Everything was fantastic!  We enjoyed the recommended wine pairings with each course, so we left quite pickled, but so happy!  You know it's a successful evening when the servers hug you good bye!  Can't wait to go back!!!
TOTAL GEM - I found this restaurant on Open Table and chose it because it was the only place that could accommodate my large group during the holiday weekend and the menu looked interesting enough. We really lucked out because everything was great. It was a gem to find and I highly recommend it for small and large groups. It is more restaurant than bar. The decor is fun with its dominant red motif but it has some quirky characteristics. The chairs are from the San Francisco Symphony seating -- yes they are connected. The menus come attached to 70-80s records. Inf fact, the entire restaurant was built in San Francisco and they just brought it over. The food was all great. Some members in the party said the duck could have used more seasoning, however I think it was great. I highly recommend the escargot -- highly recommend it! The cheese plate also delectable. There was one flaw and the food took longer than expected to come out (we did have a party of 12 though), but they recovered and comped our desserts. The manager was great, I had to keep upping the reservation and he was able to accommodate. Perfect combination of what you want in a restaurants -- food, atmosphere, location and nice staff also reasonably priced for what you get. For 12 people it came out to $70 with tip -- about three courses and bottles and bottles of wine. I can't wait to come back. It's a great addition to 8th Street. I just wish it was there when I lived two doors down. They'd definitely know me by name.
I took my wife here for dinner yesterday.  We really enjoyed the food, wine, and neighborhood.  We arrived for our 7pm reservation and were seated by 6:50pm.  Our waiter immediately let us know about the happy hour specials, which we took advantage of.  They even have flights of wine during happy hour! $10 per flight (three glasses).   We also ordered the three cheese tray, the ravioli (which was one of the best dishes we had ever tasted) and the lamb burger.  The lamb burger was too gamy for my taste, but other than that, this was a perfect evening.
Love this place! A little pricey but a great decor, ambiance and waiters are always oh so french and delightful.
Absolutely delicious food, and incredible service. Upon realizing that they had delivered an item we hadn't ordered, they offered it to us instead - a far better policy than just chucking it away. Thanks for a wonderful dinner!
Great place. Delicious lunch of charcuterie and cheese, tasted just as good as it does in Paris. Wine is a bit pricey, but matches the overall quality of the restaurant. The waiters are from France and I saw a lot of French natives come and go, a sign of a good French restaurant. They even brought us a free banana creme brûlée. Highly recommend
Charming but hip, friendly but a tad neglectful, delicious food and very good wine at a reasonable price. Ask for the lamb stew if it's not on the menu!
i really liked this place. cute movie-esque restaurant to sit down and catch up with your girls. their happy hour dishes were interesting. my friends and i enjoyed the baked goat cheese. i think we were more happy with their happy hour drinks - 3 flights for $10. make reservations or come early, it does get packed pretty quickly
Super cute and trendy wine bar. Went here on a Thursday night with a friend and it was packed! Great intimate setting, classy, and cozy. Perfect to go with friends or for a romantic date. Ordered the mushroom soup to start. It didnt really stand out but definitely tasted good because of the cold weather. Could've been a little more flavorful. For the entree, I got the duck leg confit. This came with mushrooms and fingerling potatoes. Amazing! The portion was a little on the small side but the duck was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The juices from the duck ran into the potatoes and the mushroom which amplified the taste of the overall dish. Since i'm not really a wine person, I opted for beer (they only have bottled beer). The server recommended an italian beer that was similar to a belgian wheat beer. When we left this place, it was pouring rain outside. The guy who worked there asked whether we had umbrellas. I did but my friend didn't so he told us to wait and he gave my friend and umbrella saying she can return it the next time she is in NYC. I was blown away at how sweet the guy was! Overall, a great dining experience!
Amelie is a lovely spot downtown with excellent dishes and a wide selection of wines.  With the ambiance and lighting, it is a perfect spot for a date.  We've been here twice and would definitely return again.  Also, the staff are generally very good.
Food is OK, service is great. It is a very welcoming place and the waiters are very very friendly and accommodating. They also have a great sense of humor. The food is OK. I don't think their ingredients are organic and the orange juice is not fresh squeezed (I went there for brunch), but the Norwegian eggs with smoked salmon, their French fries and French toasts were very very tasty. They also serve creme brulee a la banane, which is very rare to find in NYC.
My two best girlfriends took me here for my birthday this year. We have a thing for french food, small dishes, and anywhere with good wine. This spot is AMAZING!! Super cozy and our waiter was VERY attentive. Odd thing though, the decor does not match the whole french vibe. All three of us were a little confused. Although the setting was quite intimate, we felt like we were in one of those "wants to be trendy" Thai restaurants (think Spice). Besides that, FOOD was delicious and they were all small portions so we had many dishes to choose from and try. My favorite dishes that we shared were the escargot (so good we got 2!), chicken liver mousse (this was my absolute FAVORITE!! I couldn't get enough and goes perfectly with the bread in the sack), and the 6 oz filet mignon with fries (entree dish - medium rare and cooked to perfection!). The other things we ordered were ok, but those three were my top choices. One awesome thing about this spot is their wine flight happy hour from 5-7! 3 SUPER generous glasses of wine for $10! There are a few options to choose from, but I loved my choice (can't remember the name, but it had a rose wine among the three). I HAD THE BEST BIRTHDAY DINNER HERE and CANNOT WAIT TO COME BACK!! :)
This one star is not for the food but for the extremely rude staff that I just encountered today. My friend and I went in here late afternoon on a Thursday and there are very few people there. I asked if we could sit at one of the tall tables first and the waiter said they are reserved. He pointed to the window and said we could sit somewhere there. But when I chose to sit at a table near the corner, he said no and that the table next to the door is the only place we could sit. Note that there are only two customers in the restaurant and the seat I chose was NOT reserved. He saw me hesitate and said in a disrespectful way :"IS THERE A PROBLEM?" I was very surprised at his condescending attitude, because last time I went here the staff was nice. This disrespect killed my appetite and I left this place without ordering. I don't know if it is just that particular waiter is rude to customers, but such attitude and behavior should not be tolerated in this restaurant.
"Great wine selection, amazing happy hour prices! Good French food at an awesome price. The waiter was nice and the atmosphere was pleasant. This was a nice wine bar find!!"
My mother and I came here for my birthday dinner and we absolutely loved it. The wine selection was amazing, the cheese plate was the best I'd had in a long time, and they served you lots of baguette slices. We also shared a salad Amelie which was delicious and fresh. I got the brook trout for my main course and it was so flavorful and already de-boned so I could just dive right in and eat it. My mother got the salmon and they cooked it medium-rare for her so it was tender and juicy, not like the usual flaky dry salmon you can get literally anywhere. The atmosphere was loud, but we didn't mind, we liked the energy and intimacy. The servers were very friendly and helpful, they clearly enjoyed their job interacting with and helping their clients. Our dinner lasted three hours because we were just so content to sit and take our courses slowly and enjoy them while talking. It was a wonderful birthday dinner, I would definitely come back!
Went back for my bday with my family! Decor changed a bit since last time but still nice.  The staff recognized us and we were seated immediately on a saturday even though we were a bit late. Food was still glorious and I finally had my trout with some french fries...I haven't had fries like that since my last trip to Paris, so I was very happy! The oysters were even better than last time. Overall excellent once again. I was happy, family was happy! Hell of a Birthday dinner! Merci :-) Looking for another reason to go back again!!
It's my first time giving a restaurant 5 stars... And Amélie is completely deserving of it. I had the duck leg confit and the outside was crispy, meat tender and moist. It was very aromatic, delicious and filling. Huge wine selection. Finished with creme brûlée which my already full belly welcomed. Service? Outstanding. The waiters were pleasant, friendly and informative, without being overbearing. When was the last time I had great service? I can't even remember! The atmosphere was romantic-- dim lighting. Bathrooms? Clean and spacious. Amélie is a gem restaurant and I'd highly recommend this place for special occasions. Will definitely be back.
The ambience, the staffs, the food, the wine, everything screams impressive! Even the bathroom was spotless. I went here for happy hour yesterday. We had reserved a table, but decided to ditch the table and sit at the empty bar. The place wasn't at all crowded at 5:45, but started picking up and was fully booked before 6:30 pm. They have a very reasonable and well organized happy hour menu. I was tempted to do the customized flight of 3 wines for $10, but decided to go with $6 South African shiraz and another round of $6 Mendoza Cabernet for the night. I must say, those wines were very delicious for the price we paid. We also ordered few bites from the happy hour menu. The crostinis with smoked salmon, fresh anchovies, proscutto served on some warm crispy bread were all $3 each and tasted great. I was also fan of their complementary baguette and duck rillette. Amelie will definitely stay pretty high on my list of places to go for happy hour.
We walked into this place at the recommendation of a shop owner down the street. We were greeted by the patrons in the bar, the server, and the bartender! I was a little pleasantly shocked and felt like I was in an incredibly chic spot in a small town somewhere instead of NYC! People just aren't that nice here! We sat down in the really cool old movie seats at a small table. We were given the menus which are attached to old records, a really great touch! Since it was happy hour, I ordered a flight of red wine. The server helped me with the selection and I was not disappointed! $10 for three delicious wines, yes please!!! We ordered the cheese and charcuterie plates, the beet salad, foie gras, and the steak.  The food came out quickly and the server was extremely helpful. We all were definitely making sounds of food love while eating. Everything was absolutely fantastic. By the time we left, I felt like the server and the bartender were lifelong friends of ours and they shook our hands and kissed us on the cheek on our way out- we promised to return soon and tell our friends! This place has a great selection of food and wine, great service, and cool atmosphere. Why not 5 stars you ask? Since they had recently opened, for some reason they did not have soft drinks yet. Some people in our group do not drink or wanted mixed drinks so they were a little disappointed when the only option was water or ginger beer. Once they get that sorted, I will happily change my 4 to a 5!
Amelie is my favorite bistro in that neighborhood.  Consistently good food and excellent service.
Thank you Jacque and Joan for helping me organize a classy and scrumptious wine outing with my group of friends. This place reminded us so much of our euro-trip days. We loved Joan from Catalunya as our waiter who helped us select some wines (since we barely had a clue what Pinot Grigio, noir whatever :p). He was super attentive and accommodating. We got so excited and happy to connect with him through his culture and he even added into our 3 word reportour of Catalonian! He was an amazing amazing waiter! Now for the wine... Amazing, and if it's not, well the more you drink the better it gets! It went beautifully with the cold cuts. (Just like how we did in Italy!) The duck was the most delicious and unique of them all! These went together so well, we kept ordering more and more platters. The mustard sauce that came with the platter is worthy of it's own mention. I loved it so much I spread it on my bread and ate it! I am salivating thinking back.. The price is amazing for happy hour. The goat cheese app was very delicious, especially the pickled vegetables it sat in. And that crispy slice of bread, so perfect to balance out the creaminess of the cheese. They were very generous with the flights they poured. Theres so much character to this restaurant, so much personality!  Amelie, you won my affection, definitely will be back!
I REALLY wanted to like this place, but The food was just OK and it was very expensive.  Many better French spots around including Balthazar, Jules Bistro and Schiller's Liquor Bar!!!  I WILL NOT be back :-(((
These guys are engaging and serious about service. Couple of rough edges at first -- e.g. bit of a disconnect between bar and tables -- but the food is delicious and unfussy.
I am IN LOVE with this place! A friend of mine and I go here for dinner and Gruener Veltliner every month or so. The food has always been amazing and the service has always been on point. Before we realized we needed to make a reservation for a Friday or Saturday (PLEASE make a reservation!) we just stopped by. Our 1-hr wait was made better by a bottle of wine that we had to drink standing off to the side by the entrance. Crowded, but we didn't care. Because the wait was longer than had been quoted, we also ended up with an additional free glass. This was great to get us going. When we sat down, we ordered several dishes (escargots - amazing!; liver pate; charcuterie and cheeses) and none disappointed. We actually wanted to order a couple other small dishes, but the server suggested we stick to what we ordered...since that would be WAY more than enough for two people. She was right (though the nxt time we did the same thing, and the server AGAIN told us not to over order...we've learned our lesson now...I hope). Another bottle (or two?? I can't remember) of wine, and we were ready to pay. The entire time we weren't rushed to get out, the server gave us enough breathing space to enjoy our dinner, and enough attention that we didn't feel ignored. Perfect. We've been several times now since we discovered it nearly a year ago and there ain't no stopping us. I thought the place was kinda pricey at first, but it turns out that it's very reasonable, but a high bill is what happens when two people split three bottles of wine...oops!
If you're looking for a good stylish place, or enjoying your dinner on a first date, then this place is one of the best. The ambience is very comfortable & kinda romantic, but not overly intimate. Just perfect enough to give you that relaxing feel which you surely will need at the end of the day. They have a great selection of music, and is not too loud or too low. The cocktails are awesome, & the service was more than just 'good'.. The waiter was very friendly & flexible to accommodate your needs. I'd recommend this bar to anyone, especially if you're on a first date. I'm glad I've found this & definitely will come back again.
Cool atmosphere and super kind French welcome from the entire staff. Couple of suggestions: 1) The little raviolis in Comte cheese got a little lost with so much cheese on top. 2) If a bottle from the reserve list is not available in the year listed, please inform the customer that the new year is the same quality as the one listed, just so he is assured that the value is comparable. Autrement bravo !!!
This restaurant is so amazing =) I really love the food, the quality  ingredients and the service and atmosphere!
Amazing food for a low price. Can't ask for more. Duck leg was so good! The waiter was very friendly.
Looooooooooooong wine list and large cheese selection. However, not a lot of entrees to choose from. Also, the waiters will flirt with you shamelessly, which may or may not be a good thing, depending on whether you need a self esteem boost.
Nice ambiance and good wine! What else do you need? Perfect for dates, or meeting up with friends. Nice and friendly staff.
Understated. Fun, yet intimate.  A great place to grab delicious happy hour bites with a splash of class.  This French wine bar offers great a price and a great selection at happy hour - 3 wine tastings for $10 (pretty generous glasses, mind you) and wonderful little bites that could serve as full meals or great to share with the table.   A friend and I came in on a weeknight and ordered the happy hour wine special.  We feasted on the Burgundy escargots, foie gras with poached pear, goat cheese balls with honey, and steak tartare.  The escargot was a bit on the buttery side, not too bad but nothing to write home about.  The foie gras was creamy and delicious but red wine poached pear was the star for me.  The goat cheese balls with honey was also good, giving us the bulk of our dinner calories and the steak tartare was surprisingly light and refreshing with very tender meat - simple, bright and delicious. We finished the night with the crème brulee with bananas, my friend's personal highlight of the evening... The place is filled with the after-work crowd, but not of the stuffy office variety.  You can choose to dine at a table or relax casually by the bar - either way, there's a little something for everybody.   This will likely be a default meeting place for me the next time I have a casual meetup with friends.  Will definitely be recommending this place to others as well. Prices are quite fair and the wait staff is fun and extremely friendly.
Great food, great service.   We did not try the desserts, but the appetizers (chicken liver mousse, escargot) and entrees (lamb stew, filet mignon) were very good.  The wine selection is great and service was very good.  will definitely go again!
Incredible food and great service in the end. Took my gf here and it was a romantic experience. A bit loud especially when a guy, whom I hope had the excuse of being partially deaf, is basically yelling to the other people at the small table they were sitting at. Food was great. The cheese plate was badass. The duck confit was pretty good as well. Anthony Williams Cabernet was amazing if you are a Cab fan. I highly recommend for a date, but make sure to get some drinks in you because you will need to talk loud in this smaller rowdier environment.
The happy hour deal is very nice! My friend and I ordered a wine flight which contains three glasses of wine for only $10. You do not see that often in the city. The French onion soup we ordered was a amazing and the duck leg was just delicious. For the quality and quantity of the food served there, the price is not high at all. Strongly recommend to come whether you are hanging out with friends or coming for a date!
Refreshing addition to the changing, W 8th St. scene. Excellent bar, lounge, restaurant. Great selection of wine by the glass and inexpensive for what they provide.
Don't live in NYC but eat here every time I visit. Great food, wine, vibe!
What a cute french wine bar! It's a tight squeeze and we were packed in like puppies from a puppy mill. However the food was excellent and the wine was tasty. Will come here again in a heartbeat! I recommend reservations since it looked pretty popular, especially since there are only a couple of tables that can seat a large group of people. Charcuterie - Well I've been to other french wine bars and when you order this plate, it's a meager sampling that one person could eat by themselves but instead you have a group of four people trying to split hairs of a quarter sized sausage piece. Amelie is not shy about giving you your sausage. And it was good sausage. Warm pistachio crusted goat cheese ball - It's good because goat cheese and honey is a great combination that should be further explored. Steamed mussels - Mussels were cooked well in a delicious chardonnay sauce. We kept on dipping the bread in the leftover sauce, very dangerous. Also ordered a bottle of wine at the recommendation of the server, which, based on everything else that we had experienced that night, was unsurprisingly good. Great for dates, intimate group gatherings.. Loved it!
I went to Amelie last night for dinner and drinks after an art opening. I have to say that this isn't the sort of place I would normally try out; it looks super modern... Maybe a little overdone. But our experience was great! I had the smoked trout salad (they do not skimp on the fish, and it was really substantial)! I had two glasses of wine recommended to me by our friendly server. He nailed it, I loved both. All around friendly spot. Im glad I ventured in!
Went on a Sunday afternoon for brunch. No waiting, got seated right away. It started filling up around 2:00 though. They offer their happy hour specials during brunch so we got a couple of the staff pick wine flights for just $12 each.  We started with the goat cheese crusted in pistachio with honey ($6)...this is a must have! Next was the happy hour escargot ($7), again seasoned perfectly, so rich and wonderful. For the "entree" we got the charcuterie plate ($18 for choice of 5) with the country pate, smoked duck, duck rillette, prosciutto, and sopressatta.  It came with cornichon, caramelized onion, mustard, butter and an endless bag of fresh crusty baguette. It was a perfect luxurious brunch for two people. All of the wines went perfectly with the meats and cheeses. The lovely French staff kept our bread bag full and our wine flights coming. Three flights of wine, escargot, goat cheese app, and the charcuterie came in at under $75. We will be back! I included the prices as the website doesn't list the prices but it is really very affordable. The cheese and meat plates are just $18 and are quite plentiful.
Lunch today was so good. Advice: start with the cheese. The cheese itself is excellent, and, when paired with their fresh baked, steaming hot baguette, jam, honey, and fruit, was like a happy Parisian day dream.
Every time I come here I am impressed.  The key things to me are: 1.  Outstanding selection of wine, and the bartenders are very helpful in picking something out to fit your taste or mood. 2.  Nice decor and atmosphere.  Always impeccably clean as well. 3.  Every cheese I've had has been a home run,  and they serve great bread as well.  Can't speak to the rest of the menu, but I presume its quite good.
Amelie, New York: Come for the wine, stay for the food. Cute wine-bar on 8th Street in the Village. We booked a 7:30 reservation on a Friday night before heading down McDougal Street to the Village Underground.  The restaurant is a long rectangular stake into the heart of 8th Street.  About 1/2 of its length is the bar. Two-person tables are aligned the length of the restaurant on the wall opposite the bar with one large round table at the end suitable for larger parties. There is no privacy to be had here, but it might be comforting to know that your secrets are unlikely to be hard beyond the cone-of-noise surrounding your table (about the level of an approaching 'A' train). But we come here for the wine and the food, which is served in tapas-sized portions. We highly recommend the duck-leg confit which was perfectly cooked, the Pork Tenderloin, and both the Salmon and Steak Tartares. There is an excellent wine-by-the-glass selection, but alas, the red (at our two) were served about 5 to 8 degrees too warm.  Average prices per glass around $10 to $14 which ensures a hefty mark-up; order by bottle for a better value. So we enjoyed Amelie, but I have to call into question whether the entire concept of a "wine-bar" really serves the consumer. Certainly, better values and wine served at the proper temperature can be had at restaurants that haven't adopted the over exposed "wine bar" moniker (I am thinking about the wonderful Italian/Pizza restaurant on 86th and Columbus, Celeste.
Fantastic French wine bar. Great selection, terrific friendly service. One of my favorites. One of the few bars that has a true European feel. Generous pours and good music. Terrific wine selection by the bottle and glass.
Great place, very good service and good food.  Gay friendly.
Went on a quiet, not too busy Sunday night, and was greeted by a waiter who insisted on calling my friend Wendy despite her correcting him. The same waiter suggested the warm goat cheese on a bed of sweet onions, which was delicious, and also the foie gras which turned out to be half eaten and entirely too... unctuous. The flavor of the amelie salad was mute, but I didn't seem to mind. And the wineglasses are large. Would definitely return on another night, to try all the entrees.
Wonderul place. Incredible service. The staff is really friendly and attentive. The wine selection is amazing and my favorite thing there is goat cheese with honey, try it you won't be disappointed!
Great food, great service, great atmosphere! Highly recommended!
This restaurant is easily one of my favorites now. The service is excellent; waiters are helpful enough without being overbearing. The portions are perfect and the food is clearly of high quality. My only advice is that this place does get pretty crowded (aka LOUD), so don't expect to have a Friday night heart to heart here. Just shut up and have some wine.
Appetizers were great, had the pate with pear and mussels but the entrees were not at all special.  Very cramped table, could barely fit two glasses of wine, two water glasses, and entrees.
We had a very enjoyable dinner at Amelie recently.  The trout was exceptional and the filet very good (the sauce with the filet could make anything taste fantastic).  Also liked the beet salad and cheese plate.   And, the wines by the glass, a California Cabernet and Cabernet Franc, were well worth the hefty price.  Only negative for us was the club-like vibe but the meal and the good natured staff left us looking forward to our next visit.
Wow what an excellent wine bar! Came here for happy hour on a Friday afternoon and we were seated immediately (it was still pretty early, around 4:30) at one of the two person tables across from the bar. We ordered two of the staff-selected wine flights (Joan and Benjamin) for $10 each, as well as the duck rillette for $7 or $8. I loved the Joan flight! It included a sparkling rosé, a white, and a red, which was totally up my alley since I generally prefer whites/rosés to reds. The white included in the Joan flight was definitely my favorite of the evening - so crisp and refreshing! The duck rillette was also delicious and so perfect with the bread they give you. It came with some excellent mustard, pickled red onions, and the cutest (and tastiest) little cornichons! The waiters all seemed very knowledgeable and were all kind and charming. I also loved the fact that they all spoke French! The decor here was sexy, but in an unpretentious way, if that makes any sense at all. A lot of red decor and dim lighting, but at the same time it still felt casual and fun. The menu comes attached to old LPs, and the check comes in an old French novel! I recommend this place to all Francophiles and wineophiles and foodophiles alike! I cannot wait to come back!
Charged me an extra $10 dollars tip! This place is not a restaurant, it's basically a bar that serves food. You can skip it.
Nice environment. Nice wine especially! Love this place! Been here so many times.
I came for the $10 happy hour wine flights and cheese, and was not disappointed.  It's a great spot for catching up with friends over LOTS of wine and good snacks.  Price point is not bad, but when you think about paying $3 for a crostini - i.e., a small slice of french bread with a few tablespoons of topping - that's really steep! The flatbread was tasty, and would definitely recommend the cheese platters. The servers are lovely and super friendly - and I would say they make it.  Jacques was our main server, though we had others come along to help all night. The decor is kind of odd - it's dark and very red, more modern and not very consistent.  There are these movie theater seats towards the front that are very awkward to get in and out of - esp if you have to sit in a middle seat or if you are larger. We moved from there to one of the high tables, but the tables are so narrow, it's hard to put too much on a table - which is awkward when wine flights are on the menu (they are just $16 after happy hour). Speaking of wine - loads and loads of wine choices, and the flights are a fun way to try different wines in a night - though maybe not the best idea for your head next morning. You can create your own flight, but all of the servers have flights they have chosen and are listed under their names.
Really loved this place! Made a quick reservation for 2 for after-work happy hour and faced no wait or problems upon arriving a few minutes late! We definitely took advantage of the $10 flights but quickly became [positively] overwhelmed by the options available to us on the menu! As such, I asked our waiter (who had a beautiful French accent, btw!) to pick both rounds of my flights for me and was not disappointed at all! The entrees served looked and smelled delicious, but my friend and I stayed on the lighter side with a couple of salads -- both of which fit the mood perfectly. The atmosphere is inviting and charming, though a bit more open than some of the other wine bars throughout the city. Despite this, I didn't find the larger/more open space to reduce the intimacy and feel of the bar.
Classy, romantic, delicious, and a great bargain! Their escargot and goat cheese appetizers will have you coming back again and again.
My friend and I came here one night  for the Happy Hour wine flights, which are a fabulous bargain. For appetizers we ordered a selection of cheeses, the stuffed dates, and of course the escargot, which were out of this world.  Definitely give them a try, even if you've never had them before. I'm so glad I did. I'm almost embarrassed to admit that my initial draw to this place was the name, which happens to also be the name of one of my favorite French films.  For whatever reason I thought the interior would mirror the wonderful whimsy of the movie, but this place has a more retro, jazzy feel to it. Not complaining though, it's a fun atmosphere nonetheless, and our service at the bar was excellent.
10 dollar deal for happy hour with 3 glasses! yummy! we sat there from 5-9p. got an extra glass after too. the servers are extremely knowledgeble with their wine collection and very attentative. the only thing i have complaint about is the size of the table... we really ran out of space for the food we ordered. and no, we were not pigs that ordered the whole food menu. some cheese platter and mussels. the mussels was okay. i wouldn't say it was my favorite mussels. i would not recommend it. however, the cheeses are yummy too. oh and lots of bread :) nice to go with the cheese and dip in the mussel sauce.
Great place for a meal to catch up.  The food was good - if you like fish and aren't squimish about seeing the head, get the trout.  charcuterie was good, disappointed i didn't get to try escargots (need to remind myself to only dine with true foodies) but will definitley next time.  They had a good wine selection, I'm not picky, just explain how you like it and they'll bring it.  Great deal on flight of winse, 3 glasses for $10 - can't beat.  They picked out all good ones and it was a pretty good amount.  They didn't rush us which is nice.  While the theater seats looke somewhat fun, it looked like it was hard to get in and out especially given the already tight space.  glad we had table in the back.  Will definitely be back.
We found this place by accident, but so glad we did. No reservations on a Friday, but we took one of the high tops near the bar. Great ambiance and excellent waitstaff. We had cocktails, charcuterie and cheeses. The cheeses were some of the best outside of France! Our only complaint is that we were so full we couldn't have dinner.
found my new fav wine spot :) love this place!! came here for Thr happy hour around 7 when it was completely packed. Wonderfully decorated with that romantic vibe, friendly staff, clean bathroom with fresh smelling candles, and yes the happy hour specials are also worth the visit ($6 glass or 3 for $10) til 7pm :) I didnt try their food yet but def going back!
The pistachio goat cheese was the best part of my meal. The duck confit had a nice crispy skin, but the meat was a little tough. I'd probably get the pork or the steak if I returned. The wine was tasty. I didn't eat dessert.
Favorite new happy hour wine bar. I made reservations from opentable, afraid that I would not be able to grab a seat during happy hour. Once you walk in, the atmosphere is so romantic and sultry. I came here with two girlfriends and were gonna take part in the $10 for 3 flights during happy hour (5-7pm). But the selection was limited only to 6 wines. I checked into foursquare and there was a deal for a free appetizer (pistachio crusted goat cheese or escargot) with a bottle of wine..so we  opted for a bottle of pinot noir. The wine was so good. We shared a massive plate of charcuterie, baked medjool dates stuffed stuffed with bleu d'auvergne cheese wrapped with prosciutto and diced pear, and warm pistachio  crusted goat cheese ball with honey, confiture d'oignons and toasts. Everything was so good, I really loved the goat cheese ball..so creamy. I want to come back and try their other menu items. Service was so good..my friend was going to pour herself some wine and the waitress came rushing over to do it. She kept checking on us to see if we needed anything and frequently refilled our waters/bread basket. I think everyone that works here is French cause they have that awesome accent. Parking-wise, there's meters along 8th street but if you park a block away on 9th street there's free parking during certain times.
This is the second time I have been to Amelie - and again we were very impressed! I took my girlfriend here for her b'day dinner.. we had a booking for 8pm and arrived right on time, however they didn't seat us for half an hour. However we did get to sit down and they gave us a complimentary glass of champagne and were very apologetic that our table wasn't read yet. We got seated around 8.30pm and ordered the cheese board - this is an absolute must! It comes with 3 different cheeses (you select), some pureed pear spread, honey, nuts, dried fruit and bread. Absolutely divine! For our mains I had the filet mignon - so well cooked (perfect med-rare!) It came with little potatoes, beans and carrots in a nice sauce. My friend had the oysters and a side of spinach which she said were very tasty. For dessert we ordered the creme brulee and the chocolate fondant cake - both delicious! I will definitely be back for that cheese board!! Sooo good! And service is fantastic! The background noise from everyone talking was a little loud, but what can you expect from a small restaurant space. 10/10 from us!
Great wine bar with nice ambiance, good food , excellent service.
Amélie saved my day! The S.O. and I arrived in NYC on a redeye.  It was too early to check-in, we were exhausted and not feeling too hot.  After aimlessly wandering around the East Village for a while we stumbled across this gem of a restaurant and popped in for an early brunch. Amelie have some lovely craft cocktails on the menu, but we decided to unwind by sharing a bottle of bubbly.  I had the Parisienne omelette, which was wonderfully savory without being too rich or heavy.  I appreciate that I was able to get it with a side of greens (though if you really need potatoes, they're an option).  My lady had the wonderfully unique "Gratin de raviolis du Royans."  It was a bit rich, but is an absolute must if you like pasta and cheese. The staff here was super-friendly and attentive.  A word on prices: I was expecting a bit of sticker-shock.  However, for all the sophistication and quality of both food and service it was very reasonably priced!
Amelie, how have I not heard about you years ago!?! Went for Happy Hour 5-7pm with 2 friends, and we had an amazing experience. The staff is so gracious and helpful, and their happy hour deal (Wine Flight of any 3 wines off of their extensive wine list for only $10?! Btw, the pours are generous!) cannot be beat! We had 8 wine flights (mix of reds and whites) between the 3 of us (don't judge haha), and every wine was delicious. Our waiter recommended a few exceptional wines for us, and we were delighted. We also had the pomme frite and a trio cheese plate (Manchego, Humbolt Fog, Kunik-SO amazing!), which came with delicious bread in a burlap sack. Wonderful ambiance, wonderful people and staff, great wines, delicious apps - a little slice of French heaven! We will definitely be back.
Wonderful atmosphere, fantastic food, great wine and a charming staff! Had a lovely evening with old friends during Saturday happy hour (and beyond). Would definitely recommend it, and will make an effort to return. We literally ordered every appetizer on the menu as well as several entrees.
I need to really thank Yelpers for helping me eat like a queen on this trip to NYC!! Found this place via Yelp - and was just blown away by how cute the place was (vibe was perfect amount of energy without being too loud); friendly; officially French (like, gorgeous Parisian French speakers make up the entire staff it seems). My sister and I sat at the bar and had the flatbread, escargots, mussels (huge!!), and green salad. And of course one of their lovely wines... Food was fantastic.  We couldn't be happier with our choice to come here.
Got the steak here (very good and the pricing was good) which was very good and it seems like it would be a nice wine bar for the very laid back and intimate (maybe older) couples. It is not as lively as the ones I go to in flat iron/on the east side but the service is very friendly and the food is solid. I think people sit a bit too close together here though. The wines are well priced and I wish I had made it to the happy hour. I don't have anything against this place but I'm not sure how often i'd go back. It def deserves another visit before I make my final judgmental though.
pretty good
Love this place! Came here for early dinner with my bf. Waiters were really nice. Food is solid as well. Had a great time and will come back!
Walked by this so many times and we finally went in the other day. It is next to one of our other favorite little wine bars so we figured we would try this out. We happened to go during Happy Hour and scored a great wine flight with 3 selections of any wine by the glass for $10 and we also tried the goat cheese appetizer which was SO good. The staff was great, sheek decor and I love that they give the menus on old record covers and the checks in french paperback books. Just cool little touches. A must try. Definitely a cute little spot to hang out with a date or friends.
Great atmosphere and food
Loved this location as much as the SF location. The only difference was this one offers a full dinner menu but had the same friendly (and French) staff. It's a bit cramped in here and it's a little hard to hear your dinner companion but it's a wine bar/restaurant and anytime alcohol is involved the decibels can reach quite the level! We loved the accommodating staff and loved our server. I find it funny (and cute) that my husband gets incredibly flattered when French servers compliments his French pronunciation. This time though, our server thought he actually was French to which they exchanged some words in French. Of course, I had no idea what they were saying. I guess for him it's nice to know the years of all that self studying he's done on the language, including pronunciation was worth the time and is paying off. Great ambiance. Perfect setting for a fun date or Happy Hour with friends/coworkers.
Fantastic happy hour deal! Ten bucks for a flight of three wines of your choice (as long as it's offered by the glass). Escargot and cheese balls are discounted during happy hour and are delish, (as are the non-happy hour foods). Our waiter was very friendly and even chased us out the door to say "you guys didn't say good bye!". Overall, a lovely place that surprisingly does not get crowded. Maaaaybe I should shut up so more people won't know about it ;)
This is a fun spot to meet friends for a drink after work. They have a cool happy hour special - $10 for wine flight. You can make your own or go with a recommendations. We got snacks to share and the food portions are pretty big. It was tasty! Service is good and friendly. Would go back here again. The only thing is the decor isn't very wine bar-ish. It's all red and kinda modern looking.
I really enjoyed my dinner at Amelie, despite being quite cramped at one of the "bar tables."  At one point, a server came over and adjusted my chair so I was forced to sit sideways in order for them to accommodate more people.  Fortunately, he insisting on comping one of my drinks because of the discomfort of the situation.   The food was well executed and tasty.  I particularly enjoyed the goat cheese ball and the escargots.   The super modern decor was cool and unexpected.  It definitely created a sexy atmosphere.  In addition, it was quiet enough to have a good conversation.   Amelie is a solid wine bar with interesting food.  I'd recommend it for a relaxing evening.
Went back the other night. The waiter remembered I liked Rose, and offered me a new one to try (sensational). As my date wasn't in a garlic mood, the mussels weren't an option (quelle horreur!) - which gave me the opportunity to try the steak tartare... Which is also absolute heaven. The addition of harissa to the traditional spices was a shock at first; it wasn't until the introduction of the arugula-based salad that my palate exploded with a full compliment of flavors that now make this, for me, the steak tartare standard for excellence -- -- and make me add a fifth star to my prior review. I'm going to take this menu slow, and trust that every small plate on offer will impress me - and fellow yelpers -- just as much.
Inattentive and slow service. Understaffed in the kitchen. Overcooked pork and trout.
I made a reservation via Open Table, and the restaurant called to confirm my reservation on the day that we were to come. I showed up at the appointed reservation time, and there was nobody to greet us at the door. Someone shouted from across the room that they would be right with us. Then, a waiter came over and greeted us, and I informed them of our reservation. He went to check on it, but the table was not free yet. I was invited to sit at the bar, and we had a cocktail while waiting for our table. It seemed that we were forgotten, and after we almost finished our drinks, the bar tender (or another waiter) asked us if we were waiting for a table. I informed him that we were waiting for our table that we had made a reservation for. He went to check on it and another different waiter came back and told us the table was now ready "for whenever we wanted to move" and got ready to disappear again, we had to practically hold on to him to get to our table which we were more than ready for. I will take a moment here to state that there were a total of three waiters and they each seemed to be serving, bar tending, and greeting people as they came in the restaurant. Once at the table, we looked at our menus and decided what we each wanted to eat. We ordered the camembert alongside the duck breast and prosciutto di parma charcuteries to start. This was presented nicely on a wooden board with cornichons, mustard, a fig jam and pickled veggies, with some cut up baguette. With that we also ordered the baked figs stuffed with blue cheese and wrapped with bacon. The charcuterie board was very tasty, the baked figs were OK, nothing to write home about (the bacon was thick cut and overpowered the rest of the simple ingredients). After we finished our appetisers, one of the waiters asked us if we were (and I quote) "still waiting for food", not realising that we had already ordered mains. This seemed to be the main problem with the restaurant: there was no good communication between the waiters and the service was a bit slow and disorganised. For our mains we had the filet mignon and the duck leg confit. The beef was cooked perfectly and the sauce was stunning. My husband liked my dish better than his duck and he started to run his duck through the beef sauce because it was so good. I also tried the duck. It was a little on the drier side, but not terribly overcooked. During all of this, nobody seemed to bother too much about asking us if we wanted more drinks (the table was so small that we had to have our glasses on a shelf right next to the server station, so lack of visibility was not the problem here) or a refill of our water glasses. Apparently we looked stuffed because asking if we wanted dessert was also completely omitted. Overall the food and ambience was great, but the service was mediocre. Every person we dealt with was friendly, but again they were very disorganised and inattentive. If the service was better, I would have given this restaurant 4 stars easily.
i didnt even stay. It smelled like last night's booze, and definitely is not the kind of restaurant you would want to sit down and have a meal at... unless you were wasted?
Great staff and fine wine.
The happy hour deal (a flight for $10) is incredible. You can pick from a set flight (three wines), or you can create your own from any three wines on the menu. That's too overwhelming for me, so I always just pick one of the recommended sets. :) This place fills quickly and can be noisy, so it's best to come on the earlier side, or on a night other than Friday or Saturday.
Sublime find. Goat cheese and caramelized onions were fantastic. Two days later I'm still thinking about that dish. Small plates - escargot, tomato/mushroom flatbread, bleu cheese stuffed dates - were all delicious. Decor is eclectic without being pretentious. Swift, professional service, and great wines. What more could you ask for?
This is my go-to neighborhood bar. Who said the French are rude--not me after going to Amelie. The bartender and manager, Olivier, couldn't be sweeter and EVERYONE in the joint smiles at you and says hello. Plus the wine list is awesome. Plus the food is good. Try the steak tartare! G
Located in the heart of Greenwich Village, I can't believe I never frequented this spot as a student. Actually, I do know why. Regardless, it's no wonder there is a huge population of NYU students ("Omg, I haven't even started my Writing the Essay paper yet.") sprinkled amongst the countless awkward dates and adorable elderly couples. We made reservations for two at 7:30PM on a Tuesday and good thing we did, because it was packed! Sandwiched between two vastly different dates, we spent most of the evening listening to them & stifling our laughter, until one started making out over the table (the lady had too much wine). Considering how close together the tables were (as other reviewers mentioned), we were basically a party of six. The ambiance was a bit weird for me. The red lighting, solar system light fixtures, maroon red booth seats, and vinyl red bar tops threw me off. And I'm pretty sure I saw one of those theater seats (that flip up when you get up) at the front tables. It just felt like an IKEA showroom but with tacky, mismatched furniture. That's probably just me though. Anyways, the wine and food was actually quite good. We couldn't make it for the happy hour $10 wine flight, but we were happy with our wines in glasses the size of our heads (I'm exaggerating here). In addition to the sack of bread we got (with beans? pebbles? that rattle at the bottom!), almost every dish came with sides of bread. The escargots dripped with rich, buttery goodness, the flatbread had contrasting flavors from the arugula, caramelized onions, and portabella mushrooms, and the salmon tartare shined with the crispy & tart cornichons, the sweet & mushy roasted tomatoes, and the toasty black sesame oil. The service was attentive and I got quite excited when I heard the servers speaking to each other in French. Will definitely be back! PS; They have a larger table in the back for groups. PSS; The check is presented in a French novel, so charming!
This place is absolutely perfect for a date or small get-together with friends. I was here a little over a month ago, and I can't remember what I ate (I just ordered some little tapas-type dish), but I remember liking it. What I do remember quite clearly is the insanely great happy hour deal: 3 glasses of wine for $10! I rarely see one glass for $10 in any decent restaurant in this neighborhood, so it is worth the trek up from work in the Financial District just for that deal. Moreover, you get to choose any three glasses from their extensive menu, which includes choices from France, Spain, Italy, California, Argentina, Chile, and I'm sure some more places of delicious wine origin that I'm forgetting. The atmosphere is definitely more up-to-date than most cafe-bars you would find in France or New York spots trying to imitate romantic European date-spots. Super-friendly waiters and bartenders (native speakers of French and Spanish, indicating to me that you can trust the French-influenced tapas to be top-notch) make this a serious gem of a spot. Actually, I don't know why I'm sharing it. It's quite tiny so get there early if you can or be open to sitting at the bar.
This place must have faux yelpers on board because it definitely does not live up  to its 4.5/5 star reputation. After reviewing the restaurant on yelp prior to our dinner, I expected the upmost service and food. Instead, I waited 45 minutes for my reserved table, experienced less than mediocre service, and loss my appeal post-appetizers. Way too crowded, overbooked tables, decent wine selection, and deaf wait staff. The bread and French fries were likely our favorite part. Oh and the salad which I didn't order, corrected the waiter on, and still received. Definitely the highlights. The lamb chops and risotto....terribly dry and way under seasoned. Tuna tartar...again dry, under seasoned, over all lackluster. My friend had the pork...said it was ok but left hungry. Desert was on the house due to the delay in seating. Creme brûlée with bananas...I guess I'm biased as I don't like bananas but this was legitimately worse than gerbers baby food in my approximation. Chocolate cake was good but no better than any other overrated restaurant. Overall, nothing special.
This is an awesome wine bar and a must wine at if you are in the area! I was looking for a Sunday happy hour in the area and stumbled upon this gem! I had read a few reviews that the wine flights were smaller than expected, which is why initially I was hesitant to go. However, we entered into this beautiful little bar, lit completely red, movie theater seats as the chairs, and a Spanish singer filling the air with some great tunes, and I was hooked!  Also all the waiters are French! Add that to a happy hour special of $10 for a flight of any three wines on the menu, I am definitely coming back! My friend and I came around 6 and happy hour ends at 7, and it was crowded so be prepared for a wait if you come with a lot of people!
What a wonderful find in the West Village!Though it can get really loud in there even with a small amount of people, the ambiance is deconstructed and modern but artsy at the same time. The service is impeccable as is the food. If they are offering ceviche as an appetizer special, you absolutely must get it (and if they don't mention that it's a special, ask if they can make it for you. I did, and it wasn't a problem at all)! And the bread - holy bejeezus - the bread... It was excellent. The raviole topped with a little truffle oil (note: NOT ravioli, as I was so kindly corrected today), from what I'm told, is a classic dish served in the south of France. I was also told by the server that the duck and lamb are two other very popular (and yummy) dishes to order. The escargot is beyond delicious as are the mussels. Though I don't drink, if I did, I would most certainly want to here. My boyfriend said his manhattan was made impeccably well and their options of wine were endless. If you don't know what wine to order, the staff is really great at finding a wine that matches your palate and meal. I can't wait to return!
First visit and it was all good.  Started at the bar for happy hour and we both had a flight of wines (3 glasses for $10!).  Dinner was a shared beet salad, trout and filet mignon.  The trout was deboned and cooked just right as was the filet.  Wine (one glass each) from the extensive selection also good.  We didn't have desert as we were full.  The entire staff is friendly and not overbearing.  You can tell they want you to be happy and come back.
Came here based on the stellar Yelp reviews and was disappointed when this was not the cozy, intimate French bistro of my dreams. Instead it was a dance club with a Moulin Rouge atmosphere with brash red lights, loud club music, read leather upholstery.  It was also extremely cramped, with diners inches away from each other.  It was the antithesis of a relaxing place to have a nice dinner, so I left quickly. I'm sure the food and happy hour specials are great, but just not for me. I'm surprised few other yelp reviewers commented on the ambience, so beware!
This place is magic. The service is phenomenal and their $10 happy hour wine flight is generous and a steal.
Love this place for a fun post-show, late dinner and drinks with girlfriends. Such a fun vibe and an amazing wine selection. I definitely recommend it to others!
Nice little place in Greenwich village. I can't comment on the entrees, but the happy hour wine flights were great, the cheeses were excellent, and the servers were all fantastic. Will definitely come back here.
I decided to come here after the rave reviews and boy were you guys right!  I love love love the service, the French owner/waiters were a delight! Also spot on was the escargot soaked in parsley butter/  Nomnomnom.  The charcuterie was a good (but I do which they had some fruit and cheese as accompaniments instead of the carmelized onion and butter!).  The foie gras was very smooth and buttery.  We got the $30 deal on Sundays which came with a dozen blue point oysters and a small bottle of wine.  And the carmelized banana creme brulee!!!  MUST HAVE!   Tres magnifique! I will most def be back to enjoy the happy hour specials!
Loved the food and fantastic service! My only complaint is that it is extremely loud in there so go prepared to hear only half the words of your companions.
Stopped in for a drink while it was raining.  interesting place.  Didn't eat.  Drinks were ok.  Cool bar in the middle with high shelves, dark atmosphere.
Charming brunch place. I can't believe they don't have a line up out the door like some other places in the city.  I selfishly hope it stays this way. Had the eggs florentine and they were perfect,. Service was pleasant. Eclectic vibe - some kind of offbeat nautical theme going on but it's fun.
Had brunch here with a group of girlfriends - Mimosas are the best I've ever had, our waiter was spectacular, attentive and friendly, the food was amazing, and it honestly was not too hard on the wallet. Definitely recommend brunch here!
Had a meal here with a few friends on a Wednesday night, after making reservations day of. We were immediately welcomed by the staff and kindly taken care of by Jacques. Starting with the cheese plate, we chose 3 varieties with some suggestion from our server; all of which were exceptional, a must order to begin any meal. Subsequently, we settled on the mussels and raced to the bottom, each of us eyeing the broth and bread. Each dip was a tastefully balanced portion of leek, garlic and creme that we sucked up with three bags of bread total...which Jacques was happy to serve. For entrees, the trout was pan-roasted perfectly, retaining its texture while being both flaky and tender. The roasted duck leg and house salade were also exceptional. Food, service and atmosphere at Amelie are all on point.
Their cheese plate is the best I've ever had (and I'm no stranger to cheese plates).  Get it! It has so many things! It comes with sliced dried figs and apricots, honey, this great jam, candied walnuts and if you get it with charcuterie, it comes with dijon mustard and onions. The Kunik cheese from upstate NY is one of the best cheeses I have ever had. The wines I had were mostly just alright, I would recommend ordering off your menu whatever you usually go for in regard to wine. We let our waiter pick the wines on our flight and I think I could have done a better job choosing them myself.  Their super-dry Riesling was incredible! (They have two, it's the slightly more expensive one.) Next time I go, I will get a full glass of the Riesling and the goat cheese ball with pistachios. It sounds so good, I need to try! The service was pretty good too, they really try their best and know a lot about wine. I would recommend trying to go in off-peak hours, as its a pretty small space and can get very crowded easily. Cheers!
i love you guys!!!!
Absolutely love this wine bar.  Everyone is fantastic.  The wine, the food, the staff.  I only wish they had a little more room at the bar to mingle.   From a food perspective, their bread is fantastic, the beef tartare is among the best I've had, and the cheeses come in very generous portions.
Beautiful!!!  i can say i immediately fell in love with this place! ... we went there on sat night. we made reservation but decided to stay at one of those little bar tables which in my opinion give you a little more privacy. the place got full quickly but it wasn't overcrowded so you don't really have to scream while talking. which is a good thing. the ambiance of the place is great. staff is really friendly. no one was rushing us or annoying like it happens sometimes in other places. we had some drinks after what we ordered some food too. i loved it! i had a salad with arugula and smoked salmon. it tasted good and i loved the fact that they don't offer you again just some garden or kale salad which u can get in 90% of the restaurants. Service was very appropriate. this place is really good if you want to have some romantic time with your boyfriend/girlfriend or with a bunch of good friends. there was mostly young crowd of good looking people (including the staff:) when i checked the time i realized that we spent there almost 3 hours without noticing it. and i can say, i would stay more if it wasn't late already.. even if i didn't like the food - i would have still gone there to hang out. but i did love every bite:) don't think! definitely go there and enjoy!!!!
great food! very nice warm and cosy atmosphere!
I came here for a small birthday celebration during their happy hour the other day.  I was excited about the $10 wine flasks (3 small glasses) of any wine on their menu by the glass.  The wine and the food were delicious and the service was great.  After we had paid the bill, I accidentally knocked over a water glass onto the floor (I'd like to say it was a sober accident, but I was several flasks deep by that point).  Rather than make a big deal out of it, the waiter brushed it off and then brought us three complimentary glasses of champagne!  He teased me that I must not have been satisfied with the wine and wanted to make sure I got my money's worth :) The only reason I didn't give five stars is that their happy hour food menu is a bit small and I would have wanted a slightly larger selection.  Will definitely be coming back!
Poor service.  Confused décor.  Great food. What a conundrum this place is.  I've never walked out of a place like this and felt so satisfied and so disappointed all at once.   My girlfriend and I went here for the Valentine's Day prix fixe.  We were seated on time for our reservation, and by the time they had come to take our order, we already had plenty of time to contemplate and choose a bottle of wine from the wine list and four courses each.  Not a good sign, but we remained optimistic. One hour later, we had consumed almost the entire bottle of wine and only two oysters each.  At this rate of one course per hour, we would have been there for four hours.  Finally, one of the two servers working our section noticed, and ten minutes later we were brought the Foie gras au torchon and Half Lobter tail over frisée, which were seemingly pre-prepared and did not need any heat application.  This was frustrating, but both were very tasty.  The Foie gras was buttery and decadent, and it made an excellent pairing with the poached bear, which was infused with garlic and wine.  The Lobster was of good quality, but the truffle dressing did little for it. Another twenty minute wait and we were served our main courses, along with the couple next to us who had arrived 45 minutes after us.  The Filet Mignon was delicious.  Another noticeably buttery dish, but in a good way that complimented the perfect preparation, fries, and green beans.   We also had the Roasted Halibut, which was garnished well with parsley and braised leeks.  A very tasty dish, but it underperformed in the way of portion due to the lack of accompanying potatoes.   Desert came out much quicker.  Crème brûlée with caramelized banana was good, but the banana took a little too much taste control at times.  The mousse was also quite good.  Rich, warm, and gooey inside.  I did wish for a tiny dollop of a cream of some sort for temperature contrast, though.   The waiter also brought out a couple glasses of champagne on the house as an apology for the wait.  We appreciated this and were almost convinced that this place might be worth returning to for a normal visit, but, alas, they mixed up our bill with the couple next to us, and my card was charged twice--once at a lower rate, then again at the appropriate, higher rate.  The difference was all of $10.  I thought they could have let me slide given the whole experience.   We walked in at 7:30pm.  We walked out at 10:15pm with $235 less in our pockets.   I'm all for fine dining, but that leans more into error than experience.  It's also a long time to spend in a place that is "San Francisco themed."  Personally, I saw no resemblance to any place I have ever been to in San Francisco.  I thought it looked more like a worn down 70s futuristic Hollywood themed diner, but, much to my surprise, this look was intentional and only a year old.   Maybe Amélie knows something we don't.  Maybe this is the next big look for French restaurants in the village.  I won't discount that.  But if I had to choose between Amélie and Tartine, or even Buvette, the décor would be the decider, and it wouldn't go in Amélie's favor.  After all, this is New York, not San Francisco.  The bar is set higher here.
sensational food, service and ambiance. wine selection was fantastic
Came here with a bunch of friends and it was very good. The service was excellent, very amiable wait staff. The ambiance was very nice as well, and definitely reminded me of a hip place in Barcelona (not so much France, despite the name and food). We had a really nice monastrell wine since I wanted something nice and dark. The escargot was very good, served with a garlic pesto. It was maybe a bit too overpowering of the natural flavor of the escargot, but good for people who aren't used to escargot. Mussels were very good, more of a standard recipe, but very well done. Tuna tartare was very good, and had some unexpected flavors, with the sesame and avocado. The stuffed dates were delicious, and the duck rilettes was very good as well. I really liked that some dishes were with poached pear pieces. Yumm. Also had a nice mixed cheese and charcuterie plate. It wasn't phenominal, but it was pretty good. Overall, the food is very good (but not top notch). But the ambiance and service are very good, and for the price considering the location, it was definitely worth it.
Nice Place. The vibe is good for 20somethings. The food was good but nothing life-changing. The drinks are great.
quite good service and nice food! I arrived a little earlier and they treated me quite nice.
We came for new year eve's 4 course prix fixe menu for $75. It was just meh. Quite a disappointment given that I was looking forward to this highly rated restaurant. The decor was very modern and reminded me more of like a semi-bar-ish-diner. The prix-fixe menu said 4 courses, but it really should have said 3, because it's appetizer, entree and dessert. They added amuse bouche as a separate course, which I don't think is usually counted at nice restaurants. (Originally they gave us the 5 course prix fixe menu for $95, which was the same as the 4 course except for an extra "cheese course" and a glass of champagne). Appetizers: tuna tartare and lobster bisque. Both were fine but not that great. Entree: filet mignon and duck. The duck was better than filet mignon. We asked both to be medium rare but the duck came out at least medium, but still tasted pretty good. Both plates were drenched in sauce. Dessert: pavlova and banana creme brûlée. The pavlova was basically a giant meringue surrounded by berry sauce. It was actually quite good. The banana creme brûlée was a let down though. The sugar was overly hard and not brittle and the creme underneath was not the right texture for me. Service was very nice and friendly. But overall, just meh. Maybe they do better on a non-NYE night given they have such high ratings. But I am not dying to return atm.
Nice, chill spot! The bartenders, or sommeliers I should say, are super nice. Selection is exhaustive and the ambiance is really nice for a date night. Definitely want to come back here for happy hour!
Food is OK
Just stopped here for a girls' night with a good friend of mine. What can I say? I'm in love! We had red wine (Syrah & Cabernet), a plate of Roquefort, duck rillettes, and TWO charcuterie plates. The charcuterie plate comes with cornichons, butter, caramelized onions, and the most delicious French mustard (with lots of seeds!). While the staff was very sweet, attentive, and friendly, they did forget my request to separate the walnuts from everything else on our cheese plate. I have an allergy and luckily the walnuts didn't come into contact with anything else so we just pushed them to the side. I will definitely be back for more very soon because I've never been known to turn down good cheese and prosciutto!
My visit to Amelie was a great experience overall.  The ambience of the restaurant was lovely and the wait staff was very friendly.  I came with two girlfriends and we decided to each order a wine flight and a bunch of appetizers.  The wine was delicious and the appetizers were also very tasty.  We had ordered the salmon tartar and they accidentally brought us the steak tartar instead.  When we brought it to their attention they told us to keep it and also brought us our correct order as well.  The mussels were delicious and I couldn't get enough of the broth they came with.  When it was time for dessert we ended up waiting a very long time for them and due to the wait they brought us each a glass of champagne.  I would have given 5 stars but since we were there for two and a half hours my butt hurt a lot from the chairs we were sitting in.  Add some cushions to those chairs and this place is definitely 5 star worthy.
Very friendly, attentive service and solid food. We had the steak tartare, mussels, trout and lamb. All great. I'll be back.
Very, very satisfied with the $10 happy hour wine flight, such great value for money! Service understandably was a bit rushed during the peak period but there was no issue getting their attention when I needed refills. Food was also delicious. Had the escargots, fried goat cheese ball, duck confit and steamed mussels. Highly recommended, will be back again soon!
We came here with a reservation for a large group (they can accommodate up to 6), so we had a nice, somewhat secluded table in the back of the restaurant during the early part of the evening, which was great because we could take part in the happy hour drink specials and revelry with a certain amount of privacy. The food was great overall. We had a cheese platter to start, salads to share and I had the duck, which was delicious (though I prefer duck breast to thigh, which is what they serve here). We also partook in the happy hour drink flights, which were well-chosen, delicious combinations of 3 wines and/or champagnes. I had the Jacque, which was a perfect celebratory combination. One of my friends had a rose sparking wine, which was also fantastic. One of our guests ordered the banana creme brule, which was impeccable... I seriously have never tasted a better creme brule... They should all have bananas on top. At the end, because we were celebrating a graduation , they even brought us a complementary champagne toast, which wasn't skimpy on the champagne. Overall, we enjoyed every part of our experience, including the attentive host, and waiter. They all truly made us feel special and you could tell they were being attentive (without being obvious about it) to make us feel truly attended to. Impeccable service that goes above and beyond what you will find at most places.
5 stars! oh yes.  great food!  great wine!  fantastic bartender!  go.  it's awesome.
Went for an early Saturday brunch this past weekend. The place was empty when we showed up at noon but by the time we left about 2 hours later it was pretty busy. We chose the bottomless mimosa/bloody mary option. Unfortunately we were told once we picked one drink, either a mimosa or bloody, we had to stick with that. Normally that would be fine, but I wasn't a big fan of the bloody mary. It's okay, the food made up for that and I still left drunk. We had escargot, a cheese board (brillat, camembert, and a goat cheese--served with home made pear jam and honey), eggs florentine, eggs norwegian, and eggs benedict. Holy cow was the cheese board mind boggling. The brillat and camembert are still on my mind. the escargot was delicious just a little hard to eat. They were already deshelled and in a plate with the parsley butter, but I was only given a fork so I lost out on a lot of the delicious buttery goodness. At first the service was pretty slow, but after a few reminders for refills on our drinks or more bread, it sped up quickly. Overall it was a delicious brunch and we all want to come back for dinner, we saw the regular menu and considering how good the food was for brunch we are excited!
Great little find! The minute we walked in we were treated by the french bartenders like old friends. It did not feel like a typical wine bar. Decor is very cool, mid century and meet the jetsons kinda feel. Wine selections were abundant. They also serve food. Next time I have to try their food. Had a great time, it can be a cool hang out place.
Great food and service and of course the Flight wine( 3wine choices for the price of one). I had the trout for main entree and it was  so delicious...I can recommend this place to a lot of my friends...One of my favorite restaurants so far...
Came here for Happy Hour for a co-worker's birthday. Everything was great! The servers/bartenders were very attentive. I was a bit late to arrive and they came right over and took my order for my drink. The food was great, especially the escargot & oysters! The happy hour deal cannot be beat - especially in NYC! All of the [white] wines in my flight were great. The decor is beautiful as well. This place gets busy so arrive as early as possible (for happy hour) or make a reservation. I will definitely be back here and highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a chill spot with great appetizers & wines!
Great for girls night out! There is a big table all the way in the back that can seat 8 comfortably, 10 a little bit less comfortably. It was a nice place for all my girlfriends and me to catch up because while it was quieter in the back, we could still people watch and see all that's going on in the front of the place. Great deal too! If you come for happy hour, you can try a flight of wines which consists of 3 glasses for only 10 dollars and a really tasty escargot appetizer at half price! The bar was really crowded so I asked the bartender to pick 3 different wines for me and the selection that I got was great! Can't wait to come back.
We arrived for an early Saturday evening dinner. We were greeted warmly and immediately seated. We each ordered a different wine and all four were quite good. I ordered an Austrian wine, Gruner Vetliner, which I always enjoy but rarely find when going out. We had an excellent lobster bisque which was creamy and had a bit of a kick, escargot tender with a touch of spice and a beet endive salad that was fresh and cold. My wife and I each had pork tenderloins, tender with caramelized onions in a brown sauce. Great! My brother-in-law had the duck confit which was also very good and my sister had the dozen blue point oysters which she refused to share. For dessert, we had creme brulee that was the best we had ever had. It was warm with bananas and not too sweet. The service was attentive and professional and we will definitely be back.
Like just about everyone else who has reviewed Amelie, I concur that the $10 wine flights during the 5-7 pm happy hour is a really excellent deal. Fairly generous pours, and if you're a wine connoisseur, feel free to choose any three wines as long as they're all different. My server was a very gregarious Spanish man who was extremely helpful with the group. He gave us lots of bread refills and wasn't in a hurry to have us leave even though we lingered over 3 hours. The seats at the larger tables looked like cinema seats - they had numbers and the bottom of the seat would flip up when you stood. I tried the goat cheese balls and the escargots - unfortunately none were too memorable, but it was a suitable accompaniment to the excellent deal on the wine. There was a live jazz band performing as well.
Had a wonderful birthday dinner at Amelie. Getting a reservation for a Friday night here was a breeze as they were very friendly and welcoming (unlike almost every other place in the city). They accommodated 10 of us on a Friday night and gave us a quiet spot at the back. The wine menu was extensive and food was good too. Service was great, ambiance was even better. With friendly waiters and a cute place like this, I will definitely be going back!
Funky retro spot with good food, well priced wines and warm (and French!) service.
I came back here again and absolutely had a great time again! I just needed to update and adjust my rating now based on my overall experience in the past 8 months of living in NYC. The food is incredibly good and authentic, with very reasonably sized portions. The waiters still speak French. There are very few waiters for the entire restaurant, but very friendly. We were here for brunch and I got  the chicken liver mousse again, and continued to enjoy it. The other highlights from our table included the salade amelie and french toast. The only dish that did not look worth it was the yogurt parfait with fresh seasonal fruits, which was more fruit than partfait, funny enough.
Delicious mussels and fish. Attentive waiters and very chilled and relaxed ambience. Perfect for a romantic date. Don't ever change!
Amelie is cozy and attentive. The waiter was patient with a table of four trying to find the right white wine, allowing us to sample a range of options. The appetizers were phenomenal (a ball of goat cheese and a bag of the most delicious french baguette you could find on a Sunday night, soft and warm inside and perfectly crusty). No one had complaints about any of the entrees (especially with a constant refill of bread). The service and attentiveness was delightful and the atmosphere gave me a Mad Men-ish 60s vibe.
If you appreciate minuscule details like I do, you will deeply cherish Amélie. This wine bar is nothing but impressive. Amélie first prospered in California before it was established in Greenwich Village. Amélie has countless meticulously executed details. Receipts are delivered to the table sandwiched between worn-out, but well-loved, paperback novels. Each book has uniquely torn pages or missing covers. Each table is completed with a set of vintage theatre seats with very plush cushions. The space is illuminated by bare red bulbs that contribute to a subtly sultry atmosphere. There are dominating shelves of wine behind the bar that is paired with a sliding wooden ladder. Their extensive menu is chock-full of exquisite french fare. There aren't just small plates that prime the appetite but entrees that surely satiate. There are 14 variations of cheese to choose from. Expect a variety of wine genres because their wine menu is extensive. There are 300 bottles on the menu that are shipped from vineyards all over the world, some aging from 1981. We had the Bourgogne Rouge Antonin Rodet (2010). It has a very dry texture with a complex flavor. It's good for people who enjoy wines with a soft sweet finish. It's a versatile wine with a variety of food. If you're anything like me, you may find wine bars intimidating. Oftentimes, the sommeliers are imperious and curt. The service we received was perfect. Our server for the night was a Paris-native named Jacques. He was not only pleasant but also extremely fastidious. He kept my table entertained throughout the night. Hands down, the best customer service I have ever received. Some pro tips: Packed during peak hours- Leave your cell phone number so they can text you when the table is almost ready. Definitely a perfect date-night spot for beginners and wine pros. They also have a full liquor license that includes cocktail concoctions. This spot seats up to 56 people comfortably. There are only two bathroom stalls.   Despite its perpetual high volume of customers, both were decently clean on a busy Saturday night. There is $6 glasses available during their happy hour from 5 PM-7PM. Most cards are accepted except Discover.
I LOVED this place.  I went with a friend when he was in town...it was the day a snowstorm started and I had made a reservation.  Due to the snow and difficulty getting a cab, we were 15 minutes late and they had cancelled our reservation, but I couldn't really blame them because we were late, it was a Saturday night, and they were PACKED.  They said they would work us in as soon as they could, but fortunately there were two seats at the bar so we just ate there.  The food was AMAZING.  It was the best duck I've ever had, with literally every inch of the skin perfectly crispy while the meat inside was just incredible.  The wine selection was good.  I will absolutely go back and it's one of my top NYC recommendations thus far.
great place with wonderful service
I don't usually write reviews, but I've been here three times to date and they've consistently been some of the best three nights of my life. 1. The service.  I am not picky about service but the service here is phenomenal and really upgrades the experience tremendously.  Most of my parties were NOT huge spenders but regardless we were treated with the utmost respect and attention.  Our table has never been wanting of bread or water.  Especially, tonight we had a birthday girl in the party and after we paid the check, they surprised us with a  complimentary creme brûlée (which was delicious) and a surprisingly talented rendition of Happy Birthday.  Absolutely made the birthday girl's night.  They refused to take an extra tip from me in thanks and simply wished us a good night. 2. The food.  Admittedly, my friend from France says "not as good as France" -- but she was still pleased after every dish and she hadn't even had any wine.  Particularly, we enjoyed the goat cheese appetizer, the cheese & charticurie plate (you can customize), the duck leg confit, and the grilled octopus salad. 3. The wine.  I don't know anything about wine, so I asked the server(s) for their recommendations every time and all I know is the wine here is very different from the usual crap I drink.  I love the wine flight deal (3 sample wine servings for $16, $10 during happy hour) and it's great for sharing with a party.  My favorite is the suggested "Joan" flight, likely because my tastes run toward rose and/or white.  Don't be afraid to ask the server for recommendations based on your own taste!  They are not snobby at all. Bottom line, wine is great and food is good.  The service is what makes this place go from four star to five star.  I don't care about bad service, but when it's this good it REALLY makes all the difference.
I'm not 100 percent sold on Amelie--yet.  I think it deserves another shot. Stopped by there last night to meet girlfriends for drinks.  I was immediately impressed by the wine list and the breadth of availability by the glass.  The bartender was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable--and let me taste a few options before selecting my wine of choice. Here's where the drawback comes in: the glasses all smelled like soap.  Yes, this is a good thing in some circles (it's nice to know they're adequately washed and clean), but at a wine bar, the scent detracts from the profiles of their lovely wines.  When I addressed this with the bartender, he couldn't have been more accommodating--but it turned out ALL of the glasses behind the bar suffered from the same issue.  He eventually hand-washed a glass for me--and my high-maintenance self enjoyed every last drop. Like I said, I'm going to give it another shot.  But loved how unpretentous and friendly this place was.
After reading the reviews, I had high hopes for this place, but I felt pretty let down.  The service was nice, but the place is tiny and crowded, and the tables are laughably small.  I don't know how they expect two people to fit places and wine glasses on those tables.  The wine was delicious; they have a great selection and the staff is knowledgable about it.  The food, at least what I ate, wasn't so good.  I got the steak tartare and it was so hot and peppery I couldn't eat it.  They quickly made me another one without so many spices, and the waiter said he tried some and it definitely was too hot.  So with a new tartare, I dug right in... and it really just didn't taste good.  I wouldn't have even finished it, but I didn't want to waste money.  The decor is neat, the service is good, but the food is not that great and it's loud and cramped and tiny.  I get the feeling that if I went early and ordered something else, maybe it would be good, but overal I felt very let down.
This quaint overly loud French along the newly redeveloped stretch of 8th Street was on the list of a fellow companion who had earmarked to try on Yelp. Unknowingly to him we had once attempted Amelie but he decided to try another restaurant long this row.  Will Amelie satisfy this lusty urge? As ambience goes, it was dimly lit series of banquette seating along the wall and the bar kitchen along the other in this narrow restaurant. He made a reservations but didn't really needed as there were tables available. The server was pleasant and quick to take our orders.  To start, the table ordered the baked dates and the Frisée salad. Wrapped in prosciutto and blue cheese complimented the sweetness from the dates and the pear gave a nice cool crunch. The salad on the other hand was bland even with the added bacon. The poached egg was slightly vinegary which I didn't enjoy. Entrée wise the Pork medallion and Duck Leg Confit were ordered. The pork was moist and tender with a side of the same Frisée salad. The duck was not overly salty but slightly dry and the skin not as crispy as other I've tasted. The bed of potatoes and mushrooms with a side of Frisée was satisfactory. As a side note, the most memorable interestingly wasn't the food but the bathroom made for Roddick as in Pitch Black. On the whole as French restaurant goes, the food and service was good. Have I had better surely. Would it be  a restaurant I would rave for friends to try? I think Amelie's allure fades quickly.
truly some of the best appetizers i've ever had. can't speak for the entrees or wine but a group of us shared a bunch of appetizers and treated it like tapas night. they were all so good steak tartare- good texture, great flavor and topped with quail egg which i LOVED baked goat cheese- perfect texture once again, and went SO well with the carmelized onions mussels- a really big portion, and great sauce foie gras- THIS FREAKIN STOLE THE SHOW. DELICIOUS. has a sweetness to it unlike any foie i've ever tasted. soooooo gooood...i want moreeeee right nowww
went for happy hour on Wednesday - we made a reservation at 6 because we wanted a table to be able to talk and catch up easily, compared to sitting in a row at the bar (there were 4 of us). i got there around 6 and it was pretty empty and we were moved to the large table in the very back (i believe there was a cancellation). it felt like our own little world and provided much more space than the other tables. the selection of wine for the happy hour was great for the 3 for $10 (champagne included as an option!) and the server knew exactly what to pick / pair for us. we also had the goat cheese, bruschetta-type, and tuna tartar appetizers. all were delicious, especially the goat cheese with the sweet caramelized onions. mmm, my mouth is watering now at 9:30am just thinking about it! we were nervous a few times about being in the back and not getting in another flight before happy hour ended, but fear not, we got them! i highly recommend this place, especially during happy hour to try some new wines. the atmosphere is cozy and the servers really know their stuff!
So, so good. The staff all speak French, so you know this place has got French food down right. Hats off to the various staff-recommended wine flights too. Everything looked good, so my group ended up splitting a ton of appetizers in lieu of traditional entrees. I don't think you'll go wrong with any of them, but it should be noted that the escargot isn't drenched in oil and sauce like a lot of other restaurants. It's still delicious, but if you were hoping for a pool of sauce to sop up with bread, you're going to be a little disappointed. Oh, and the bread! Fresh out of the oven and it's addicting like crack. I think all of us at the table ate at least a baguette and a half per person, judging by how often they had to keep refilling our bread bag. Basically - go. Eat. Drink. Be happy. Everything is amazing.
This place had a pretty high ratings, so I went there with some higher expectations, and they didn't disappointed me at all. As I left the place, I was already thinking about when I can go back. It was just great. Food and Drinks: 5 Stars Although there are not many dishes, all of the regular menu I've ordered were impressive. It does not comes with pretty decorative presentations, but you'll soon realize you don't need those as far as food tastes good. Dishes I've ordered include: -Brandade de morue: Cod braised with milk and garlic served with mashed potatoes, which was amazing! So tasty -Burgundy escargots gratinée, garlic parsley bread butter, which is pretty impressive even though I'm not a big fan of escargots -Foie gras au torchon with red wine poached pear, port wine reduction and toasted baguette, which is pretty solid And also tried two daily specials: -Grilled meat plate, which all the meat and vegetable grill were pretty good and flavorful. Sausage and Lamb were the best, especially with their homemade tartar sauce. I'll probably order this dish if they happened to offer as a special in the future -Grilled Octopus Salad, which looked simple but the execution was perfect, and tasted sooo good!! And also dessert. -Banana creme brulee, which was also simple. Other than the fact this was very tasty, I also liked well-balanced sweetness given the tendency that so many restaurants makes dessert dishes just too sweet. Drinks: They have a very good selection of wines and in a very reasonable price ranges. I tried several glasses of wines, and all of them were good. Although, the place has overarching theme of French, their selection is much broader than French wines. Service: 5 Stars -There is nothing to complain. Rather they are so friendly and also knowledgeable. You'll feel you won't be skipped or forgotten even the place was more than packed. The timing of communication from servers are just perfect. Interior: 4.5 Stars -Although specific taste of interior is not sort of my preferences, it somehow goes well with everything else there, and I liked the fact the whole interior has a strong character. I love the layout, which places highchair tables in the front, and has a huge bar counter while there are tables in the back.
~review for happy hour only~ Met up with a friend after work. Located a little off the busy streets by Washington Square, this was a perfect spot to relax and catch up over drinks. The place is cozy, and has a decorative but non pretentious feel. We sat in the movie theater seats by the window. The happy hour is such a great deal. Any flight of wines for $10, and you can choose from the entire list! My friend had a hard time deciding, so he asked the server to pick his flight for him. The server was cool about it and just asked a few questions about what kind of wine my friend liked (light, dry). For my flight, I picked a Riesling, Malbec, and Montepulciano. We also ordered the two happy hour appetizers, which were goat cheese and escargots. First, the wines. Even though it says samples, these were pretty much whole glasses. We enjoyed all of them. It's also a great way to try out wines that you might not be familiar with, as my friend did.  The appetizers were delicious as well. The goat cheese was warm, crusted with pistachios and atop a bed of caramelized onions and drizzled with honey. Served with crusty bread, this is soooo good! The escargots were soft, tender, and covered in butter and pesto. Yum! Definitely will come back to try out their dinner menu.
Crowded, fun, vibrant atmosphere!   Typical NYC seating where you are right next to other tables, so don't go if you are looking for a quiet, romantic table for two!  Loved the staff, and had a few really good glasses of wine.  Food was really good and the service was great.  We had the charcuterie, a nice salad and the lamb chop special.... all very tasty!
The escargot. The damn escargot. There isn't a day that goes by when I don't think of them. They are literally the best French thing I've ever had. Better than croissants, better than tartare, better than any other French food I love. They come 6 or 8 per serving, DOUSED in butter and a medley of finely minced herbs. I put one on a little crostini and just pop it in my mouth. And then sip on my red wine like a classy lady. Couldn't be happier. Oh yeah they have other great plates to share too. Goat cheese with honey and lavender, meat/cheese plates, etc. They have a great selection of wine! Whether you just want a glass or two or want to share a few bottles of wine, they have plenty of affordable choices. The very first time I went here, the bartender/sommelier picked this French red for me that is still one of the best wines I've ever tasted. But of course I didn't write down the name. I've been here several times to catch up with a friend or get drinks with coworkers. It's never let me down. And I can't stop recommending it to people! it's not a huge place and it gets pretty crowded, so grab a reservation if you can. If not, the bar is first come first serve (and honestly, its the best seat in the house).
Amelie is a fantastic find all around! I went here on a first date and the setting could not have been better: the waitstaff was knowledgeable, friendly but did not hound us - even gave a great recommendation on wine! The live music was a perfect touch, not too loud to the point of not being able to chat, but a fantastic accent to the night. I highly recommend it!
$10 wine flight for happy hour = my jam.  I did all the bubbly (there were only three to choose from, from what I remember), and my friend did a white wine flight and picked a bunch of different options.  Best bang for your buck really if you want to guzzle a variety of wines!  We each ended up having two wine flights and a cocktail after happy hour was over -- this is the key here: get me happy enough on six half full glasses of champagne to spend more money once happy hour is over.   We also did a cheese plate, can't recall the price, but it was worth whatever it cost.  They have an ample cheese selection, staff are helpful if you ask questions (we did), the cheese portions itself are generously portioned, and they stock you up on that little bundle of bread, refilling as necessary.  God bless the carbs. Vibe here is good too.  I think I might have gone on a Thursday, but it was close to 5:30, and there were a lot of groups of female friends and then the dates started trickling in, so I guess it has that nice date-y vibe.  Seating did get a bit tight after 7, and we were actually asked to scoot over a little, which was fine, but all the seats at the bar and side tables were all snatched up before happy hour was over. Also conveniently located near GREY'S PAPAYA.  Drink up and then hot dog it up afterwards.
Went with my boyfriend for his birthday on a Thursday night. Was a fabulous experience. The ambiance is great. Possibly not good for an anniversary--it's fairly loud--but it was great for a birthday. Very lively and celebratory. Would be good for a normal date too. Service was generally solid. Food came out SO quickly! There was confusion between dinner and dessert regarding who was taking our order or not--left us waiting for quite a long time without service. But. The service was very prompt the rest of the evening. The food was awesome. Everything we ordered was cooked absolutely perfectly. Perfectly. My filet mignon was one of the very best I've ever had. We will definitely return!
Beautiful place. Definitely nice for a date; first date or quick bite before a really romantic night in the city. Food was delicious. Only reason for 4 stars is our large party was seated in a very cramped corner with mismatched, uncomfortable folding chairs. I would go back and have their cheese ravioli and a bottle of wine any day of the week.
An Awesome place to have wine and Chat. However it gets too noisy and then all you have to do is drink.
Its loud. Very very loud.  At least it was on the Thursday night I went. I could hardly hear what J was saying.  The food is good and the service is also friendly and efficient.  But its not an intimate venue.
It was great but we had too wait to be seated after already having a reservation The wine list is fantastic. And I highly recommend the salmon tartare.
Amelie.. i expected a total different atmosphere. It's modern and hip with fancy lighting. But ok, the food: the portions are pretty big, we ordered the flatbrad (yum) which was huge as an appetizer, it could even be one appetizer to share. Then we had the smoked salmon salad.. and actually after these two dishes we were full. Of course we could order more but i didn't want to hurt my bank account too much. :-) Overall, i'm happy.
I had a wonderful birthday dinner for one of my girlfriends this past weekend at Amelie. I usually never write reviews, but I wanted to express my thanks for such great service! At the top of the evening we had a bit of a debacle because they did not have my reservation in the system (even though I had called to confirm day of). It was for seven people, so I was quite worried we wouldn't have a place to eat! The whole staff was so apologetic and did everything in their power to fix the mistake. They moved some people around (and comped them dessert for the trouble) and eventually got us a table in the front for our party. We were helped right away despite the busy Saturday crowd and both the wine and food were delicious. To top off the night, they comped us all champagne and desserts for the birthday girl! For a party of seven, I think that's generous and a great way to win over a customer who could have been dissatisfied because of the table mix up. I will certainly be returning!
Second time here. Food, wine and prices are 3 stars, but the staff is really friendly and the bread is pretty good. I've tried the octopus salad, flatbread, cheese and meats, French fries and goat cheese salad app. The goat cheese app and fries were the best things there.
Amazing staff, super nice and friendly - dealt with my annoying friends and I well. Food was outstanding and wine was even better.
Friday afternoon wine & cheese? Yes please. Completely empty, even better. Really enjoyed the cheese plate--$18 for a choice of 3, which includes baguettes, grapes, dried apricots & figs, honey, peach jam. The honey and jam was a great combo with cheeses! Loved the Tête de moine & Garrotxa, but not a big fan of the Hudson Red. The service was friendly, as the place was getting uber busy, multiple servers kept checking in on us to see if we had adequate drinks and bread. And yes, they are French. Mm only tip is, choose your own bottle of wine. We asked for recommendations as to which wines would pair well with the cheeses we chose, and of course someone suggested one of the most expensive bottles...I don't believe she had too much pairing knowledge, because it didn't pair well. Their dinner menu looks great and I would love to come back.
I have only been here once, but I am giving it 5 stars because the experience was so fantastic. Brochette was amazing. The cheese, the wine, the atmosphere. It was all fantastic. When I went a few weeks ago the service was a little absent, but the atmosphere is so great it wasn't as big of a deal. I can't wait to go back.
My wife and I had spent the entire hot day seeing the sights of Manhattan and were walking in Greenwich Village around 5 p.m. looking like the grungy tourists we were. I was actually wearing a VOTE FOR PEDRO white t-shirt. When we spotted and considered this cool looking spot, we hesitated do to our appearance.  But we walked in anyway and received such a warm welcome.  Olivier at the bar could not have been more receptive and accommodating.  The $12 wine flight (any 3 wines sold by the glass on their extensive wine list, and very generous pours) was superb, as were the appetizers, also suggested by Olivier.  Will definitely return next time we're in town!
Wonderful atmosphere and exceptional wine selection. It's one of the few places in which I've been able to fine my favorites: Montepulciano and Monastell. The food is delicious and the service is 5 stars all the way. Try their $10 wine tasting flights with the grilled goat cheese with onions and honey-you won't regret it!!
Nothing about this place made me upset. Even the cleanliness and decorative bathroom put a smile on my face. The place itself is adorned nicely and the staff help create such a welcoming feeling that you know as soon as you walk in that you will be visiting this place again. We came here to try out their 4pm-7pm hh which includes 3 different wines for $10. The flight pairings (as they call it) are specified in their menu but it does not mean that you are limited to those options. With the help of our waiter my friend was able to create her own wine pairings and absolutely loved it. I, on the other hand decided to just stick to their Jacques option and I was extremely content with it. We also had the warm pistachio crusted goat cheese ball with honey, which is part of their flight hh plate as well. It was only $6 and totally addicting and appetizing. A glass itself is $6 so if you decided to switching from the hh special to a glass it would still be affordable. I think this is an awesome way for beginner wine tasters, as my self, to experiment with diff wine options at such a low price. However, if you are clueless about wine, as I am, then I do suggest you visit this place with someone who has at least a little background to help guide you btwn the wine options. The waiter is also extremely helpful, but keep in mind this isn't a wine tasting event therefore you can not completely rely on them. Overall, it was a great experience and will be returning as soon as possible! FYI, cutest thing: they bring your check in an actual book rather than a check book!
Came here for a few fine wine flights - which are only $10 for 3 glasses during happy hour. They have a large selection of wines, however I didn't know any of the ones I had. Will have to come back to try the escargot.
Amèlie was delicious.the food not only looked great but taste amazing the duck was good and the steak is my favorite the deserts were  great. I so go again and the prices were not that bad
So this is my first ever review on Yelp... after using Yelp as my 'bible' for probably 90% of my meals since I moved to NYC a couple of months ago, I reckon it's time for me to start contributing back to my fellow yelpers! We stumbled upon Amelie while trying to go for happy hour next door at the 8th Street Wine Cellar, and decided to come back here for dinner after. First thing which caught my eyes was the seats here - they are like those old school chairs which you find in the movie theatre. The waiters (all French!) were friendly and offered to sit the 2 of us at this long 6-seater table right by the window. We looked at the menu and wished we were here for happy hour! (ends at 7pm) Their happy hour specials include $6 (or $5?? can't remember) wine as well as 2 of the appetizers (goat cheese balls with pistaccio and the escargot - 6 of them) were $6 instead of the usual $9. We got these 2 apps anyways, and the lamb racks to share between the 2 of us. They have a huge wine selection, ranging from $8 to $17 for a glass. The goat cheese was delicious, especially with the cameralized onions, and the crunchy toasts which come with it. The escargot is not as flavourful as it looks so it's probably worth to get it during happy hour. Service here was good with frequent top up of our water and checking on us how the food was. We waited quite a while for the lamb to arrive (about 15min after we finished our apps) but the waiter made it up by giving us a free dessert (yay)!! The lamb was done nicely and it was delicious with the cous cous and vegetables (a bit more like mediterranean than french). The creme brulee with banana was smooth and creamy with the burnt crispy top layer of caramel was the perfect way to end the evening! Would recommend my friends to come here for a date night or with a couple of girl friends to chill and catch up.
From the moment we walked in from the pouring rain, my friend and I were treated with the utmost courtesy, kindness, and respect from everyone at Amelie! Due to the pelting precipitation outside, we opted for champagne. One glass, two glass, three glass...four, our bubbly was never empty. Although we, of course, had a dedicated waiter, whenever we needed anything someone was intuitively at our table immediately. That instinct, in my opinion, is imperative to client-centric success. The food was delicious, both of us having French onion soup and a frisée salad. Wonderfully seasoned and hot. (I like it hot) Following an amazing experience we hopped in a cab and headed back to midtown. As I began packing for the airport I couldn't find my ID anywhere. Not just my ID but my entire wallet. I immediately called the restaurant and my sweet friend told me he would wait and not leave well past closing time so that I can come and retrieve my necessary items.   20 minutes later I was greeted at the door with my wallet and a hug. I cannot thank the staff at Amelie enough for their epic consideration.
Wow.. I really liked this spot.  I found it on yelp after tirelessly looking for a place that was good for groups and took reservations.  I wanted something French instead of Italian or American.  They accomodated us easily.. First.. this place is decorated interestingly.  Tables have movie theater seats.. it's dark but intimate.  Clean and you don't feel like you're sitting in on the conversation next to you. The best part of this place.. the waiters were all French!  So nice.. and amazing accents.  I don't think I could understand what my waiter Julien said three times because I was so in love with his accent. We got a bottle of wine which was fantastic.  He actually let us try it before we bought a bottle so we got one we really liked.   Then came the food.. two of us got the prix fixe (3 courses for the price of $25.. what a steal).  Our last friend got the cheese plate (3 cheeses) and the lamb chops dish.  She loved both the cheese plate and the lamb chops... didn't even finish the lamb chops.  So.. the prix fixe was pretty good.  Tried the escargot.  Very good.. probably the least oily one I have ever had.  I don't know what the green sauce is.. but it's good.  I also tried the shrimp bisque (soup of the day).. I should have passed and got the pate.  It was okay.. but just wasn't that good.  Tried also the duck confit.. really good.  Crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.  Delicious veggies it's plated on top of.  The dessert was a little bit of a let down.. creme brulee didn't have the best sugar crust.. seemed like it had been made a while ago.  The chocolate molten cake tasted okay.. but wasn't that great as well.  They did sing to my two friends (as it was their bday) in French. There was a minor mishap at this place.  Some lady had an anxiety attack and two ambulances came.. but it didn't seem to disturb any of the patrons too much.   Love this place.. I would definitely swing by again.. only if there weren't so many amazing restaurants in NYC.. yup, I'd be a fatty if I lived in this city.
This is a solid 3-star place.   So why only 3 stars? We were here less than 5 weeks ago, but I honestly can't remember what the hell I ate.  I remember having a good time, but nothing stuck out about the food.  Also, the other thing I remember is the decor felt a little cheap and cheesy and nothing like a French bistro.  The red leather seating, red lighting and loud-ish music (I'm over 30...give me a break here) felt like it was geared toward the younger NYU crowd considering it's situated in the heart of the Village, but the prices represented a classier establishment than what was presented.   What I do recall was the wine selection was vast and what we all drank was very good.  Also, their meat and cheese options were plentiful and tasty.   I'd return, but am in no rush to do so.
Discovered this place when I was waiting to meet my fiance after work. The happy hour special is amazing. The servers and bartenders are friendly and knowledgable. The snacks I've had have been delicious and I absolutely love the interior. It is definitely a new favorite spot for happy hour.
Nice little trendy spot. Their wine flight deal is the best. they have happy hour from 4pm-7pm! Made it right on time! As for meals their salads are so fresh its as if they picked it from a garden that morning! I couldn't get enough! Then i had the chicken liver mousse appetizer and I was no fan of that! I never had chicken liver before but Gordon Ramsey talked about it on Top Chef so I was curious and after spreading it on a a mini slice of bread I simply couldn't continue! So I just ate all the bread and never touched it again. Then I tried the pork chops and it was really good. If you're in a hurry don't come here. Their service is very slow. They don't hurry you out.They let you enjoy every bite without feeling like you have to swallow your plate whole so they can give your table to someone else. I was getting irritated though because I'm not used to the lax service but I do appreciate it.
My friend and I stopped here on a whim for some wine and ended up getting pate, a cheese plate, and some fries to snack on. You can tell the owner really cares that he serves on quality food. The wine selection is extensive and well chosen too. The owner picked himself both our glasses of wine based on what we said we were in the mood for and he was spot on for both of us.
Cool place. Kind of trendy decor, but the service is good and their offerings are not too little or too many - good selection of wines and food. Love it and went here twice in one week. It gets pretty busy although I haven't had to wait too long or at all either times I've been. (Once on a Wednesday night and a weekend) It's also noisy but below the point of yelling.
I came here to meet one of my best friends and her new boyfriend. Turns out that this place is a regular watering hole for the new BF, so perhaps our service was a touch above the usual (like a farewell shot of tequila, on the house!). The interior is a dimly lit mishmash of reflective glossy red and white panels, like a subway station or bathroom interior gone mad. It's a small joint that seats 20 at most at the tables with a few spots available at the bar, and definitely loud as everyone here seems to be in a jovial mood and not afraid to show it. In terms of food, we started with the flatbread and the chicken liver mousse. They give you enough mousse that we had to go through 2 additional servings of bread; the flavor was spot on, although the consistency was a little looser/not as thick as expected (or maybe that's the difference between chicken vs duck liver). I only wish they had given enough caramelized onions to go with all the mousse. The flatbread is much less bread-like than the usual, more like a crisp wafer buried under a delicious salad of arugula, slices of portabella, caramelized onions (again!) and parmesan. I had the duck leg (and thigh) confit as an entree, and it is the best duck confit I've had in recent memory: the skin is candied crisp and slightly sweet, the meat was appropriately tender and generous, and the base of sauteed mushrooms provided a rich umami flavor of its own. After a bottle of wine, the total tab was around $160. If this is how the NY shop does it, then I can't wait to check out the one in SF!
Awesome little wine bar that's as authentic as it gets. Most of the food was good but I asked for my steak medium-rare and received it well done. The Pistachio-crusted goat cheese ball is a must, truly one of the best appetizer I've ever had.
Service is the only reason I'm giving this place 3 stars. Was super slow and we had to eventually walk to ask for the bill AND THEN go back to pay for it. Apart from that the food was delicious.
Love the atmosphere of the restaurant! Even though it is small but there is a bar and the waiter and service is friendly! We were at the restaurant for almost three hours and it did not feel that long! It is a great restaurant to eat and catch up with old friends. For appetizers I really love their cheese option. We chose cheese from different countries and tried it- Spain, California and Switzerland (sorry I forgot the names). My friends ordered salmon and steak and loved it! As for a vegetarian I had the ravioles option which was very cheesy and delicious, but i ended up taking it home because it was too much.
I absolutely loved this place. Great wine list and the flights during happy hour are a spectacular deal. There are a lot to choose from and all that I had I liked. I also tried the goat cheese appetizer which was awesome. I can't wait to come back for dinner and more wines.
Always love it here, been coming to Amelie too many times to count. The service is always a delight and the food is always fresh and delish! Plus, they have some excellent happy hour selections.
I went here with one of my friend's for dinner around 10PM. It was pretty crowded but they had a table open for two. The tables were tightly put together but I never felt too claustrophobic next to the other tables. We were celebrating and started off with a glass of champagne, had another round of wine, a cheese plate, and duck confit. The cheese list was big which we both liked. All of the food was absolutely delicious and we were definitely not rushed, but our waitress forgot about our wine and our entree. We had finished the cheese plate champagne and she asked if we wanted to drink or eat anything else. We had ordered everything together so maybe she forgot? That was my only complaint. She gave us the happy hour wine prices and the whole meal for two people was about 80 bucks. Overall, I would love to bring my friends back here.
Went here for happy hour with my boyfriend and one of our friends at happy hour.  This is an amazing deal.  The flights can be mixed and matched with any wine on their menu, and you get three "half" pours for $12.  I put half in quotes because this was way more than half a glass.  Then they brought my friend's full glass, and I realized why they thought mine was half.  They must have poured half a bottle into that glass.  We also got the goat cheese ball, which was fantastic.  The great happy hour deal alone would be enough to come back, but the service was great as well.  He didn't come by often so I can see why some people may have thought the service was slow, but we were in no rush so it didn't bother us.  He was extremely friendly and did a great job with what questions we had.  Highly recommend.
Went here on a first date. The food is great and the cheese plate was delicious. The tables are REALLY small, which makes it difficult if you have drinks and entrees on the table at the same time, but the waiters were extremely friendly and helpful. Overall a good experience.
I was a bit underwhelmed. Based on the Yelp reviews, I thought that this place would be spectacular. We went with a Cabernet Sauvignon that the waiter recommended, which was good. As for food, we shared the blue cheese stuffed dates, 3 cheeses, flatbread, and foie gras. The blue cheese stuffed dates with prosciutto were a bit dry and not nearly as decadent as the dish normally is at other restaurants. The cheeses were good (hard to mess up). I really enjoyed the flatbread personally. I loved the umami from the portabella mushrooms, bitterness from the arugula, sweetness from the caramelized onions, and saltiness from the parmesan. I thought it was a well-balanced dish. My friend, on the other hand, found it to be pretty bland and boring. We may have disagreed there, but we were definitely on the same page about the foie gras. It was very bland and boring. I couldn't quite put my finger on it, but we didn't finish the dish...which says a lot considering how much I love foie gras. Another friend had the pork chop and seemed to enjoy it, but I can't speak to that dish as I didn't try it. Ambiance-wise, though, this place is adorable. Definitely a great, cozy date spot which is low-key but still very charming. The server was also very nice and good about filling the pretty small water glasses we had. All in all, come for the wine and ambiance. Maybe get some cheese. Personally, I didn't love the food. But maybe we got the wrong dishes.
Such a cute spot.  The ambiance was really nice and romantic.  Loved that the bar had a SF Giants cap.. a lil bit of home on the East Coast.  I had the foie gras with was ok, I prefer foie gras slightly grilled to bring out the flavor.  Also had the duck confit which smelled as delicious as it tasted.  But had to save room for the banana crème brulee which is the original reason I stopped at this spot.  And it was worth it!  The banana was something different but definitely a good thing.  Would love to come back and bring some friends to try to spot as well.
Scene: very dark and modern. (When I first came in at 6, it was bright. They turned off all the lights somewhere around 7:30.) Tables were small and close together. It was typical NYC noisy. The darkness and candles gave it some romantic feel. Nearly everyone was in their 20s. Food: Overall I enjoyed the food. Here's what I had:   Escargots: Good. Warm goat cheese: Very good. Salmon tartare: Meh, lacked flavor. Charcuterie: Ok, nothing blew me away and the proscuitto was very think and salty Raviole: Excellent. Heavy and gooey with cheese in a good way. Would be great on a cold day. Octopus salad: Good. Large enough for a whole meal as it came with a lot of octopus, which was nicely charred. A more accurate name would have been: grilled octopus with a side of salad. Creme Brulee: Very good. Portions were all reasonably-sized. Drinks: We had the happy hour wine flights ($12 for three nearly normal-sized glasses), which were an excellent value although I don't know enough about wine to comment on the quality. Price: We (two people) had a lot of food and a wine flight each putting the bill to $115 pre-tip. If we did it again, we would skip the salmon tartare and charcuterie making the meal around $80--$40 a person. Not bad for NYC. Service: very mixed. On one hand, everyone was very nice and they even gave us a free dessert for moving tables. On the other hand, it was very slow. Like 30 minutes in between interactions at times. In total, it took 2.5 hours for our meal, which was about an hour too long given what we ordered and the pace we were eating. Maybe they were short-staffed that night? Overall: A great choice if you are looking for a happy hour with wine and some appetizers. Good for a dinner date if you have the time and are in your 20s. Didn't have the right vibe for a guys' dinner and looked to small and dark to me for a large birthday dinner.
Adored this place. I came here this past week to do the big "meet the BFs family" dinner and we got the the table all the way in the back. They had a great wine selection which for me means a lot, since I'm allergic to sulfates. So I had plenty to choose from that wouldn't stuff my nose up. We enjoyed a few different appetizers, including the goat cheese, steamed mussels (I passed, not a mussel fan, but everyone else seemed to love them) and the flatbread. I had the ravioli which was absolutely delicious, if a fairly small serving. Apparently the duck and pork also got rave reviews at the table. We got both desserts on the menu to share , the fondant and creme brulee. The creme brulee was AMAZING. It has bananas in it and it was to die for. The waiter was really sweet and struck up conversation with us between bringing out plates. Our bill was brought out in the pages of a classic french novel (nice touch) and everything ended up pretty great. Also, I adore the trendy decor, but don't fear it. It may LOOK swanky, but it is certainly not pretentious. I may come back for their 3 flights of wine for $10 happy hour. Definitely enjoyed this place.
I got escargots and my girlfriend ordered the mushroom flatbread. Escargots were not buttery enough, tad dry but my friend's flatbread was delish. I got the duck and she got the salmon. Both of them were meh.. Dry. We ordered a bottle of Cabernet from Argentina and that was good. The service was awesome though. All the servers were super friendly and funny. Also gave us a complimentary round of drinks. Cheers to that! I loved the way they hand out their checks at the end... In between pages of an old book. That was unique and cute. I would come back for their infamous happy hour wine flight :)
Incredible all around. The ambiance. The food. The wine. The servers. The French-ness of it all.... Absolutely divine. Highly recommend ordering the portabella flatbread. It was the most perfect balance of meaty mushrooms, balsamic, parm, on a crispy flatbread.... I already plan on returning  with my husband just to order this. The Amelie Salad was full if goodness. My friend and I split it and still didn't finish it. Every bite was filled with delicious-ness: crisp green beans, avocado, asparagus... I don't often get excited about salad, but this is worth a call out. Note: There was a big table in the back that could seat 10. Must remember this for the next birthday or client dinner.
Excellent service and excellent wine ! I was debating between a Rosé and a Chenin Blanc, the bartender simply offered me to try them both in order to have the one that I really liked. My husband was going first for a Pinot Grigio and he suggested right away something else as it was a fruity one. And, most if the time, men prefer dryer wines. I wish we would have been refilled on water and given the food menu but we ended up eating somewhere else so all in all we had a good "Apéro" .
This restaurant is without doubt deserves 5 stars:  1.Tasty  food  2.Exellent  service  3. Cozy  4.Live music All this creates an awesome mood. We had a memorable evening in France without going beyond New York
Oh boy, did I ever have a good time at Amelie! Excellent place to meet a friend for Happy Hour and end up leaving at 2:30 a.m. full of red wine, gazpacho, and compliments! The wine selection was tops. The food was scrumptious. The service was welcoming. Recommended.
This restaurant is overrated. The wait staffs are over-familiar, not friendly. They look uneducated like dropouts of high school. I ordered duck leg confit.  It was absolutely pre-cooked. They served bread after duck leg confit (entree) was served.
I used to live in San Fran and have dined at both Amelie locations now. The NYC location is definitely as good as their original location in SF! Loved the SF neighborhood themed cocktails - delicious :) All of the food was wonderful as well - really enjoyed the escargot, stuffed dates, goat cheese balls, steak tartare,  mushroom flatbread and filet mignon. Would highly recommend this place for anything from a date night to a small group dinner!
I adore this spot. Amazing food, unbelievable service and of course superb wine selection. I'm sorry I need not to say anymore this place is simply a thrill, and perfect in all sorts of ways.
I was stuck in New York during a snowstorm last week. After checking out the reviews, I thought this place is perfect. I was looking for some great recommendations for cheese and wine, and I found both and more at Amelie.  I set the bar, and Olivier was a fantastic host. He gave me some great recommendations for both wine and cheese, and I had a great evening. The ambience is fantastic and it's very convenient to get to. I highly recommend this place!
Great space, awesome wine selection and a fun crowd.
I've only been here for brunch. They have delicious, and very reasonably priced brunch options. Try to the escarcots, and the croque madame.  Service is extremely friendly, especially the manager. They have a bottomless (mimosa) special, but if you pull the manager's arm, he might extend that to their bloody mary's, which are delicious. Busy, but not packed at brunch.
Not sure why this place has good reviews on yelp. Food is fine, nothing special or inspired. Wine list isn't very long either. Decor is not what you'd like for a french wine bar, lots of neon and modern bits... Meh. Can't complain too much but left a lot to be desired.
Had the most perfect Saturdate here.  Everything from the food to the wine to the service was spot on.  We were ravenous upon arrival so we ordered a bottle of wine, some starters, as well as an entree.  Highlights for me were the smoked salmon avocado salad and the whole trout.  Both were simply prepared but extremely flavorful. I loved that the trout was presented as an intact fish, but upon closer examination, had been meticulously deboned and ready to eat.   The experience was as authentically French, I presume, as one could have in Manhattan.  The waiters we encountered spoke French, the food was akin to bistro fare, and even the wine glasses were high quality and beautiful.  I will definitely be back to check out the rest of their wine selection and menu.   A major plus is that they have happy hour specials if you get here early enough!
This place is like a mod french diner-style theme. Food is great, but a bit expensive (of course). Waiters are very good looking guys, overall,very good place to just chill out.
It's difficult to review this restaurant because the food is very good, however, a bit inconsistent and the service is very poor. That said, the staff are so nice, it pains me to not give them more stars. I went twice in one week. Day one: the service was at a glacial pace, with barely anyone in the restaurant. However, the food was delicious. The second time the restaurant was so crowded one could barely move. There was one bar tender and one waiter! The waiter was seating people, taking orders, delivering food, clearing tables, ringing up checks, etc. I happened to order the same French sandwich, that was excellent the first time, made properly with béchamel, the second time it was greasy, made with far too much cheese and with more cheese on the outside of the bread instead of béchamel. I would definitely go there again with the hope that they might work out their kinks. The food really is worth it, just don't go if you don't have a lot of time to burn.
Small, crowded, and loud place. Not a great place to hold a conversation in my opinion. Best to go with a reservation. Food was above and beyond excellence!
Quite the generous happy hour - a $10 flight of 3 glasses of wine.  Friendly bartenders and waiters. The decor was interesting, much more modern than I envisioned.  I was thinking more La Sirene-esque, wood paneling, cozy.  Instead the wall is red, and the tables as mentioned are super cramped.   Despite this the food is very good (I enjoyed the duck, the escargot was delicious) the people are unpretentious, and the wine was excellent.  My friend had them choose a flight for him, and each was interesting.  If I were a local, I'd be here often.
Bad Service! After the waiter took our drink orders they took a long time to come to our table. My husband received his cocktail and they forgot my wine.  About 10 minutes later they finally brought my wine and apologized. Then during dinner my husband ordered a non alcoholic drink and they never brought it to the table. They completely forgot about it. Then they brought us the check right away after they cleared our dishes. They never asked if we wanted dessert. The food was okay but nothing to write home about. We won't be going back.
Came here a couple of weeks ago. Great chill, late night vibe. Food was good . The atmosphere was exactly as you would expect Parisian Cafe vibe served by a Spanish guy but I never let on I knew the accent difference :-) I would return on my next trip to NYC. keeping it on the list for sure.
Really great place.   Attentive, knowledgeable and fast service.  The food was great too!
Thoroughly pleasant wine bar/bistro with French culinary chops and Bay Area spirit to spare. Too many times I had walked by this place assuming it was some overrated or mediocre French place for undiscerning tourists. Lo and behold, they've been open less than two years (and moved into the neighborhood not long before yours truly). The generous happy hour (a flight of any 3 pours from their quality wine menu is only $10--or $6 glasses from a smaller selection) drew me in and I finally checked it out on a date with the SO. We chose to sat at the bar even though it was early bird dinner time and the more intimate tables, as well as the reclaimed funky movie theater seats were all up for grabs. Our waiter (I want to say Alex) looks like one of those guys you're sure you've met before. He was friendly and brisk, with a touch of 'tude, but not of that cliche French waiter stuff. The food ranged from very good (my duck confit) to delicious (the SO's ravioli made of wheat flour stuffed with comtè and cottage cheese--a specialty from Valence, no less) to superlative (the escargot gratin appetizer, smothered in garlic parsley bread butter). We didn't even have room for dessert. The prices were medium to medium-high for comparable French bistros, but the quality is there.
Cut Through The Chase: - Clean & friendly establishment - Wide selection of good to great wines - Knowledgeable bartender, but inattentive to customer drink needs - Limited food menu, but executed well from price, flavor, and quality perspective. I've eaten at fancier and more expensive French restaurants which have fallen below Amélie's mark - Space is bit small for accommodating large groups, but great location for first dates - Overall, an above average NYC restaurant with enough charm and flavor to lure me back again
The rave reviews for this place are 100% legit. As a devotée of French cuisine and culture, I'm pretty tough on places like this, but Amélie hits it out of the park. My man put it this way: "They're so good, and it's like they're not even trying." True, my good sir, so very true. They make it seem effortless, but the food and the service are of the highest quality. On our visit last Saturday, the specials caught our attention: oyster appetizer and salmon over couscous & ratatouille. We also went for the classic chicken liver mousse and the pork tenderloin. In my opinion, it's really hard to get excited about pork, but they had this just right - the balance of sweetness & acidity was perfection. With a carefully chosen wine list and tasty deserts - I really can't say more good things about Amélie. (The ONLY downside is the tables are really, really close. I used to live in France, but this is tooooo close.) I would most definitely make the trek from Philadelphia back up to NYC to visit again.
The place was pretty busy on a Friday night, but I was able to make a reservation for two at Open Table Friday morning. Good food and wine. I order the Gratin De Ravioles Du Royans and it was delicious. I didn't like the decoration of the place, too cold and modern for a french restaurant.
Buhhhh, I love this place. Amelie is an excellent wine bar with, impressively, the perfect touch of warmth and homeyness - great for a date, catching up with friends, and even after-work happy hour if you hover around the bar. The ambiance is in no way "Old World European," except in the sense that you're going to be touching everyone around you on account of how little breathing room there is. Come here for the awesome wine flight deal ($10 for any 3 glasses!!). Get the escargot while you're at it. Otherwise, the maddeningly tiny tables, cramped quarters, and loud bar area are too annoying for a real dinner. The first time I came here, a lady shuffling into the next table knocked over one of our wine glasses (didn't spill entirely thanks to my cephalopodic reflexes). Seriously, there is about a foot of space between tables. It ALMOST works because the entrees are normal portions heaped on wee plates. Still: 2 water glasses, candle, 6 wineglasses, 2 app plates, 2 individual plates, utensils, plus an assortment of other crap, on a surface measuring 2' x 2'? Noooo. The space irritations apply mostly to Thurs/Fri/Sat, when it fills up fast (quiet at 6pm, full by 7pm) and you're negotiating just *how* badly you need to go to the bathroom because it's just too damn inconvenient to get all up in the personal space of the strangers sitting 6 inches from you for something as silly as the biological need to pee. But in my experience, the waitstaff is [initially] hard to get ahold of on any evening, even with the restaurant half empty. The norm seems to be 15-20 minutes between getting menus and anyone coming by to take your order. Once the wine comes, everything is dandy (isn't that how it goes?). Even the service is warmer! The wines are brilliant. Each glass is a perfect but noncommittal amount to nurse, only slightly less than an already-generous full pour. I loved the Charles de Cazanove champagne, which our waiter recommended (because, he said, the one I had chosen originally was on the normal happy hour menu for $6 and I should pick something pricier to make the flight worth it). I also really liked the "Txakolina" white they had, from the Basque region. (White wine from Spain? Don't knock it til you try it.) The escargot is delicious and drowned in ricotta. The "amuse bouche of 4 crostinis" was also fun (but is it an amuse if they come 4 to a plate and I have to pay for it?) Even the sack of bread, weighted with warm pebbles, was lovely. Ask for a little olive oil and salt for dipping. Tchin tchin!
Amélie is a little slice of France in the Greenwich Village. The wine selection is dizzying, the food is tantalizing, and the service is nothing short of excellent. The bartenders/waiters are knowledgable, friendly, and attentive (plus eye candy). They're also all fluent in French!! This not only adds to Amélie's authenticity but also afford Francophiles and francophones alike the chance to practice :) the happy hour is a fantastic deal: I recommend the $10 wine flight--perfect after work treat. The attention to detail is also remarkable: from chilled champagne flutes to the French books that your check comes in, Amélie has thought of everything.
Enjoyed the wine and the bread, but nothing special. Wine was average, and the price was high. Probably won't be back.
I was not aware of the $75 prix fixe menu for NYE but they did call to confirm the reservation and let me know about the menu at that time, giving me a chance to back out.  I tried the foie gras (first for me) and it seemed good but I had nothing for comparison.  I had the duck breast and my girlfriend had the haddock, both of which were great!  The creme brulee was really good but not excellent.  The wine recommendations were right on and seemed to be a generous amount.  The staff was very pleasant and eager to please.  I considered a four-star review but thought the price was a little steep.
This is one of my go to places when a friend is visiting from out of town and wants to catch up over some yummy wine! 5 stars solely because of their happy hour- I haven't ever been there at any other time- but the weekly happy hour period makes up for all other pricey things. I always get a flight (3 glasses) for $12 and ask the waiter/waitress to choose the wines- I always like their choices. To nibble on something while drinking, I usually order some yummy goat cheese with pistachios to share with the table. Highly recommend the place if you are looking for some early, affordable drinks in a very pleasant area of town.
I met a friend here for a glass of wine.  It's perfectly decorated in its own entertaining way and the wine selection was very good.  The tapenade they serve is quite tasty and I would definitely come back.  Service was a little bumpy and the place could be a little more comfortable, but definitely worth a try to anyone in the neighborhood. Bonus, it is a pretty good place to hear amazing news.
I've been to Amelie multiple times for their amazing happy hour deal, every day 5-7pm (even weekends!) The deal is $10 for a flight of ANY 3 wines that they offer by the glass- an insanely great deal, given that some of the glasses retail for up to $17 during normal hours. Each pour is  around half a glass or a little more, so you end up getting about 2 glasses worth. I highly recommend the sparkling Txakolina wine from Spain (pronounced CHA-ko-lina) as the first of your three. For white, try the Sancerre domaine sauvignon blanc from the Loire Valley, and for the red, the Graves bordeaux (Melot/Cab blend) is always recommended and a safe bet. Want to enhance your wine palate without draining your wallet? This is the place! My first time, I made it through 3 flights and got to taste 9 different wines for only $30! The owner/sommelier is knowledgeable about all his wines, and is extremely friendly in walking you through each wine and recommending wines/flights based on your preferences. If you're completely at a loss, they even have a page of the menu dedicated to already wine flights Amelie recommends trying. The cheeses here are also top notch! I highly recommend the Humbolt Fog, a complex goat cheese that is a bit floral, a bit herbal, but has a clean finish. As a bonus, the accompaniments they bring with the cheeses - perfect sized bread toasts in a cute mesh bag, marmalade, honey, dried figs, walnuts- thoroughly enhance the cheese tasting experience. As the name suggests, Amelie is a French wine bar (with wines from around the world) and is owned and operated by French staff, and seems to attract a decent French speaking crowd.  So at any point you can hear French chatter bouncing through the restaurant.The space is lit by dim red lights, empty wine bottles are glued every which way on the walls, almost conjuring up the image of mini rocket ships shooting up and out towards the ceiling. The seating of this place is especially unique: In the front by the windows, they have plush red theater seats, that actually bounce up and fold down as if you were sitting at a broadway theater, the bar seating is a great place to sit, high chairs and friendly bartender/sommelier. Across from the bar, there are a couple clusters of high seating for small groups. A little more back, the tables suddenly become low, and are divided in tables for pairs, and finally in the back, there is one big round red plushy booth that can be reserved for a slightly bigger crowd (~10 max). Overall the ambiance is relaxing, the red glow gives a bit of a romantic but also chic vibe. My only complaint is due to the fact that this happy hour is obviously very popular (never hurts to make a reservation at this place for HH for groups bigger than 2!) Perhaps they don't choose the best quality wine, and don't monitor their bottles as well. Three times I have come here, I smelled funkiness and vinegar (indicative of spoilt wine) in one of my wines in the flight (each time it was red), asked the sommelier if he agreed it smelled funky and/or spoiled, and ALL three times, he immediately crinkled his nose, admitted I was right, threw out the bottle and opened a new one for me. On the last time that happened, he poured me another glass of the same wine and it was STILL spoiled. He opened the next bottle-spoiled, and the next-spoiled. Turned out the entire shipment of that particular red was spoiled. Now I'm no sommelier, but I certainly have studied and drank enough wine to know when my wine is spoiled. I love this place, but because of the amount of times this happened to me, I'm now quite hesitant to get their red wine in my flights. (Also why I docked a star). If you get a red in your happy hour flight, I recommend giving your red wine a good sniff and making sure. What makes me feel better though, is the fact that the owner/waiter/sommelier is very customer-oriented and immediately acknowledged the spoiled wine, apologized, dumped it out, opened a new one, gave me a new glass. Overall, I will obviously be coming back, and you should too if you love wine because this is a happy hour that can't be beat. Great atmosphere, great customer service, great cheeses, and (most of the time) good wines. A tout a l'heure!
Went back in March, reviewed it on open table but forgot to post it here. Its a cute little french restaurant, loved the decor. Amazing food and Amazing service. The escargot was amazing, as was the tuna tartar, mussels and steak. Can't beat the wine flight for $12 and the wine list is very extensive, both bottle and by the glass. Also they have a very nice selection of craft beers. The waiter looked like Ryan Gosling with a beard and a french accent. He was very polite, and a very good waiter. We were his only table and he wasn't all on top of us, but also didn't ignore us, seemed to know just when to pop over to us. Also he was great on recommending some wines to pair with our food. Will deff go back again.
My friend and I went here for dinner during the summer. The table which we were seated at was about the size of a night stand with about 4-6 inches from the next table.  I actually thought I might accidentally set my dress on fire when I tried to sit down. The wait staff were friendly, but seemed distracted.  Considering that it was not inexpensive, entrees were $25-35, the food was not great. I had the steak tartare and duck confit, my friend the chicken liver mousse and french ravioli. Neither of us finished our entrees and the server did not seem concerned. Forgettable food, I wouldn't go back.
I came here on a Tuesday night for a date and thought the atmosphere wasn't that good for a date... was too open & bright. I wasn't a fan of the table setup either, the chairs we sat in were theatre style seats that were a bit awkward, if you sat back you were too far away but it wasn't comfortable to lean forward really. And the tables along the wall weren't fit for sitting either really. Anywho - the wine and service was tremendous! They really knew their stuff. I had the $10 wine flight during happy hour which was fantastic and I thoroughly enjoyed. I checked in on FourSquare and received a deal for a free appetizer with the purchase of 2 glasses of wine... but believe it or not there were no appetizers that looked appetizing to me so I didn't even redeem it. I'm sure other people would love the food - it was very French with 'exotic' flavors to my American tastebuds, but I just wasn't feeling it. So I probably will not be back, wasn't the right place for me.
Ok, so I might be a bit tipsy already when I walked through the door... My boyfriend and I sat at the edge of the bar, facing the patrons and had the perspective of the bartender. Love the decor of the wine bar, dim and red with florescent round light bulbs. Our waiter was so friendly and after taking our order and delivering us the food, he didn't bother us until the boyfriend needed another glass. With just a glance, he knew to come over and recommend another glass. For munchies, we had the Escargot and Mussels. Escargot was good but not great, there was a lot of breadcrumbs with each escargot and that literally covered the whole escargot feeling. The mussels were really good, nice broth and we were given a lot of bread to soak up the broth. The french fries that came with the mussels were excellent, 2 types of dipping sauce. Amelie is quite nice, given if I wasn't tipsy, it probably would've been even better. Well, that's just another excuse to return.
Worthy of the five star. Went here with a friend and had such a pleasurable time. Went here during happy hour and of course we ordered "the flight". As pointed out by fellow yelpers this was such a great deal. For 10 dollars we enjoyed good portion wine from the whole store. - Service was amazing. Knew when to engage in conversation and when to let us carry our own. - My friend said she like sweet wine and they went out of their way to find that perfect glass. Even opening new bottles.. - Killed 2 hrs before our play and they did not even mind that we didn't order food. Must Come Back.
4.5 stars, but I'm feeling generous today. Came for happy hour (5-7) with 6:45reservation, place was severely understaffed so wound up waiting 20+ minutes not knowing where to stand in the crowded restaurant as the poor maitre'd/server darted about with the help of one other server trying to serve the packed restaurant. However, when we were finally seated, they honored the hh prices, which was nice of them. Food was good, but I was more impressed with the service. Our server was very charming, and after hearing what kind of wines I like, gave fantastic recommendations for the flight I got. Also comped us dessert, creme brulee done to perfection, for making us wait at the start. Really wonderful experience.
I came here with a French co-worker, just for the wine. This place knocked it out of the park! The staff all speak French fluently, and are incredibly friendly, attentive, and helpful. The decor is funky and attractive, and the space itself is a good size for NYC. The wine menu is massive, and organized several different ways: red versus white, then by type and by country of origin. Although several wines are only available by the bottle, there are plenty that you can get by the glass. The glasses ran between $10 and $13, and the bottles were around $40. The glasses were HUGE; like, they made my friend and me feel like we were in Alice in Wonderland. I got my go-to wine, which is Riesling, and it was so, so good. There was a food menu, which we didn't look at too carefully, but it seemed as though the food was paired with wine suggestions. I think it would be great to come back with a plan to eat dinner - based on the wine, I bet the food is great. Such a great discovery. Can't wait to go back!
This is a cute little wine bar in The Village - I find the decor a bit bizarre, but the food, service, and wine were all great. They pour LARGE glasses of wine, which I love. The food is quite good: we had the beet salad, the onion and goat cheese ball (fantastic) and oysters. The bartenders are all friendly and very knowledgable about the wine and the food.
The goat cheese appetizer was amazing, paired with great deal on wine flight during happy hour! I'll definitely be back to try more things!
We were in the area & decided to stop in for drinks. Nice cool looking place , not very big & seems like it gets crowded easy. We stayed by the bar area & eventually were able to sit down after the crowed down down a bit. I wanted to try some of the cocktails , I went with the Potrero , ughh I didnt really like it too much kinda bitter not really into that. My friend tried Jack & Coke , this was fine. I didnt want to try the same one so I changed to the Chimay Rouge beer , not bad I've tried this beer before  but not in a jar lol , nice touch diffrent I guess. The place itself is nice , nice service & decent prices plus good atmosphere. It seems to get pretty crowed & this time we missed happy hour but hey there's always next time.
Very cozy and chill atmosphere  with a nice staff with a huge wine selection!  I was hoping to get seated at one of the "movie theater" tables but got the table right by the register, wasn't preferred but still really enjoyed the place nonetheless. Also, I tried duck liver for the fist time here, yum!! Prefect casual place to grab a drink and apps! Definitely will be going back! :)
Had a really nice experience tonight.  Friendly staff!  And the flights!  You get three glasses of wine (maybe 3 ounces each worth) for $10!  During certain times - 5pm-7pm, I believe.  We had the mussels (absolutely delicious!) & escargot (yummy! But I think it needed a little more salt).  Both dishes came with delicious french baguettes and are enough to share between two people.  Cool vibe; upbeat but not overbearing music, and as the night goes on, the lights get dimmer!  So it gets a bit more romantic if you want to take a date there! ;)  We sat in the front part of the restaurant which was a bit of a tight fit but we had some friendly neighbors so it worked out. :)  All in all, I would definitely go back!
Just as awesome as the SF location.
Exceptional service and great food! The waiter was awesome and even belted out happy birthday for my boyfriend and put a little candle in our banana crime brûlée. If you are unsure about which cheese to order, just ask for advice both of our recommendations were fantastic!
Such a great wine bar with an elegant yet whimsical interior. The movie seat style seats in the front are a fun touch. Wine menu is extensive with whites and reds to suit every palate. Glasses are reasonably priced at around $10. The food is also tasty. My friends and I loved the flatbread with wild mushrooms and the meat eater of the group raved about the duck entree. It's a perfect spot to catch up with friends. Busy and crowded on a weeknight but still feels intimate.
Food 4ish Service 4 Ambiance 4 O/all 4 Things to know: 1/ bread is delicious..nice crisp shell and soft inside, served in a mini-burlap bag 2/ service is super friendly but not the most spot-on, but friendliness more than compensates 3/ food was simple but flavorful 4/ interior is like a modern attempt at retro for a french bistro
Came here for drinks late in the evening with three friends. The restaurant was moderately busy but with plenty of tables open, so we sat at one and ordered. Clearly in the opinion of our waiter (who I believe was also the manager) we did not order enough to make us worth his while, as was obvious in his tone throughout our time there. We had been there for about 30 mins when he asked us if we were ordering more--we said no, he promptly brought the bill and we paid. My friend still had 2/3 of her glass of wine left to drink when he came over and told us we had to leave because there was a "reservation" for the table. This was clearly a lie (the restaurant was beginning to clear out)--you are not a particularly well known restaurant and this was 11:30 at night...no one is making a reservation for dinner at that time. It is one thing to ask a group to leave if they are clearly done with their meal and dawdling, but to tell us to leave in the midst of a $15 glass of wine when you aren't even that busy...ridiculous. Horribly rude service with prices that are definitely not worth it.
I should have read thru the reviews a bit better. Went here for my birthday dinner and had high hopes based on the reviews and menu. The servers were very nice, but overwhelmed. The place is tiny and they just pack people into the space. If it were all tables, it would be one thing, but the standing bar runs a the entire length of the place, so there are people hovering over you everywhere. Again, the servers were nice and our water glasses stayed full. However, they brought us the wrong plate of cheese, which we didn't realize until we had dived in. They offered to change it, but it just seemed like too much of a hassle, and we just waved them off and said we would eat what they brought. Although I did want my original selections. They should have just brought it to us. I will say that the cheese plate was very good. Nice portions of cheese and plenty of accompaniments. They also couldn't hear us very well, which is to be expected in a loud bar/resto, but it was disappointed that he didn't hear my app choice and, again, my husband just waved him off because it seemed too difficult to explain our order again. My husband was happy with his pork dish, but my trout was a mess. It was so salty that I had to check the menu again to make sure I didn't misread and order a salt cured dish. I don't know what happened, but it was drenched in salt. I ate what I could, but gave up about 1/2 way thru. All in all, a disappointment. I would definitely go back for wine and cheese, but not dinner.
Cool place, good vibe. Amazing happy hour deals with the flights and delicious cheese plates. $10 for 3 good pours of wine. $7 for 1 cheese that comes along with dried fruit, honey, paste, nuts and grapes. Hard to beat.
Crazy packed but the problem is the bar area is super close to the tables so even if u have to wait for the table u end up in between and constantly pushed around. Since we had a large group of ppl we ordered pretty much everything on the Manu, again I am not sure who does these reviews on Yelp, but I am starting to get very disappointed; the food was very "so-so". I would give it 2.5 stars tops and would not come back. The staff was super nice though Not going in to do details on food but will give an example: I did have filet mignon for an entree but it was swimming in so much sauce that it was hard to say how good the meat was.
Service - attentive, friendly, accommodating, above average, you could tell they wanted to exemplify excellent customer service Food - We were mostly here for drinks and appetizers, but we did order the lamb entree with potato fingerlings - flavorful; meat was tender, falling off the bone Place - trendy, dim, almost romantic, lively but not too loud Specifics of our group: Party of 7, that grew to 10 last minute, we were late for our reservation (I know, terrible) but the staff at Amelie were highly accommodating, rounding up more chairs quickly, always making sure we were comfortable. I'd like to come back to check out their happy hour here - looks like a great deal.
Wow, this restaurant displaced my current view of French food. I've had horrible experiences at others, but not with Amelie. I made my reservation via OpenTable and got seated right away. We ordered escargots and pate for hors d'oeuvres. They were mouth-watering delish! I think a little more salt would've sufficed for the escargots. The pate was amazing and even a little too much for two people. The escargots were part of happy hour as well - yessssss. Oh, and happy hour there isn't limited to weekdays. As for entrees, we got duck leg confit and salmon with ratatouille (roasted veggies). Both were cooked to perfection. The duck was tender and my salmon wasn't overcooked. However, I didn't like the dijon crust. It was a bit overwhelming. All that with a glass of rose was just a bit under $90. Service was fantastic. Our waitress gave us ample time to make our decision and didn't rush us. The tables were quite small. With the hors d'oeuvres on table we didn't even have space to put our arms on the table. You can also eavesdrop on other people's convos as seating was really tight. When I got out to use the toilettes, I feared of my butt wiping other people's food.... -,-
I went for brunch with a few friends. The seats at our table were seats from a theater which was different. We went before a movie so we opted out of the bottomless mimosas for $16. I got the french toast with berries and it was delicious! It had whipped buttercream on the side, which I think made the french toast. They also put bread in a brown sack. Bathrooms were super clean.
I went to dinner here at 7 on a Saturday night, and it did not meet my expectations. The waiters could have been snails they were so slow, it completely ruined our dining experience. The food was mediocre at the atmosphere was lively, but I don't think it was worth the money.
Great place, fantastic wine list, and a great staff.  What's not to like?
Cute, elegant, intimate, clean loungy restaurant. Food was delicious, fresh and tender. I had the escargot, salmon and wine. Cost is pricier than I expected but not too bad. The customer service was wonderful. Benjamin, our server,  was absolutely the host with the most. We had a double date and it was quiet enough for great conversation but still loud enough for others not to hear us. Overall, great experience. I will go back!
A truly authentic French restaurant without the fussiness. The staff was helpful gracious and knowledgeable. The escargot was pure. Not the garlic butter stuff of most restaurants. Great happy hour prices and also a great wine tasting offer. Try three types of wine for a great set price. I lived the atmosphere, the people and the waiters. A true find!
I think the restaurant gets a high star because it serves low-price French dishes that are reasonably cooked, unlike other French restaurants that are usually pricier. To be fair, the food is not terrible, regular French dishes, but the taste of the indoor decor is highly questionable; and the service... For service,remember that attitude is not equal to personality; so if I own the restaurant, I would put in better waiters.
My friend and I stopped here for drinks after dinner and would love to return. The staff was amazingly friendly and it's a place where regulars are family. My friend had the banana creme brulee and recommends it.
I enjoyed my meal at this cozy little bistro. A friend and I decided to share a few appetizers instead of going for main dishes. The mussels, escargot and smoked salmon salad were delicious and on point. Bread was hot and fresh. No drinks but I'm looking forward to revisit and try more dishes and wine. The waiter was attentative and too cute, lol. He even stepped outside to say goodbye and blowed a kiss at us! merci!
A very good place for dinner! Full wine list, nice waiters and amazing foie gras ~~I am a fan !!! Bring your beloved one!
Great place! The service was incredible -- the waiter was friendly and accommodating, even had a little sense of humor on his person. Escargot -- see, I've never had snails before, so this was an eye-opener. Delicious. Take this with a grain of salt, since I clearly have no standards set for escargot (yet), but my experience here might change that. I had a smoked salmon omelette -- really great. I was expecting something generic, like a half-assed egg patty with some lox pulled out of the fridge thrown in -- but no! It was nicely seasoned and had some love put into it. Great brunch to start a rainy, lazy Sunday. Protip: goes great with a nice cup of green tea. They're just Tazo tea bags though, so it's not an absolute must.
I went there on Christmas eve and had prefix meal. Tried foie-gras for the first time and it was good experience, their bread went well with foie gras. my boyfriend had salmon tartar and I wish I had that one! I will try salmon one next time. Filet mignon for main course and the portion was huge for one person. We almost couldn't finish the dish and end up with full blown up stomach. :) But we had a room for desert! of course. We heard that Amelie has the best creme brulee from Yelp so we ordered it. It was delicious, must try! Food was OK overall. I will definitely go Amelie next time for wine. I heard that their selection of wine is great. Romantic atmosphere.. Lights were all red, all the photos we took had red faces haha. But also chill environment I think. The tables were pretty close that the table beside us literally 10 inches away. FYI.
I'd never heard of this restaurant, and going to a place with a Wine Bar attached to its name (at least, that's how our friend named it) for brunch made me a little nervous. But Amelie (Wine Bar) is fantastic. We sat in the section with the theatre seats. They're connected in twos and ones, so they felt a little claustrophobic at first, but they became really comfortable over the course of our 3-hour brunch. I ordered the Eggs Norwegian, which was basically Eggs Benedict but with smoked salmon. Perfectly cooked, and the potatoes weren't too greasy. Bread arrived in the middle of our meal in cute hemp sacks with pebbles in the bottom to hold them down. The bread was warm, and DELICIOUS. I had so much bread... Service is a little slow, but the food was marvelous. I want to come back to dinner! Oh, and I think there's a FourSquare special, so check in to take advantage of that (for happy hour, I think).
Went for happy hour. Very knowledgable, prompt, and friendly staff. Interesting sailboat decor. We each had flights of 3 wines, totaling about 1.5 glasses for $10. Tried the duck rillettes app, which was okay. The pistachio crusted cheese ball looked way better. Would love to go back for dinner with a more adventurous eater.
Incredible. Food is superb. Great value. Food: Duck leg - simply excellent $26 Mussels - huge with delicious sauce. Among best I've ever had. $16 Prosciutto wrapped dates with blue cheese - recommended by waitress, these were incredible and totally worth it. So good. A bit heavy of course. $11.50 Bread was also among best I've had in the city. Phenomenal for the sauce that came with the mussels. Service: waitress was not great at understanding English but ultimately delivered so it was fine. Decor: terrible. Feels like a post-apocalyptic Johnny Rockets
This is simply the cutest little French wine bar! with a great selection and fruendly hosts, I would be thrilled to return. Unlike other reviewers, I wasn't that impressed with the food. the snails were good but overly seasoned. the goat cheese was good, but nothing special.
I cannot say how much I love this place. It is sooo hard to find a good wine bar in NYC.  Make sure that you make a reservation though. My friend and I went spur of the moment and likely the Wine-Gods were smiling and we found 2 empty chairs by the bar. I recommend taking the "Flights" for $10 during Happy Hour. This is the best deal if you are looking to try multiple wines from their extensive list. My favorite red was a Spaniard wine from Mallorca. A MUST TRY..... Very flavorful. The staff was warm and friendly and were all inexplicably from France! Either that or they all spoke French in an attempt to convey their expertise in wine. We really didn't have food however I almost crawled over the shoulder of my companion to get to the Salmon that was passing by the kitchen.
Cute waitstaff,  great service $10 wine flights during happy hour...very pleasant experience.
Went here for a fun night out with an old friend who had lived in southern France for a year. To say the least, we fell in love with the restaurant. The ambience was perfect, the waiters had personality and the food was delicious. Each dish was beautifully presented, which added to the experience. The restaurant overall had a very chill but very classy vibe. I'd say wear something semi-nice...only helps the mood. And make a reservation! The only con I'd say is the service was a little slow, but to be honest that just adds to the relaxed feeling of the place.
This place is great. Food is great and a nice   Selection of wines. Sometimes it gets busy and the service is not great,but the food makes up for it.
Happy hour review. Yes! With a $6 glass of wine, super chill setting and decor, delicious $6 hh apps including escargot and pistachio crusted goat cheese with baguette, cutie French bartender speaking to me in French, I'm gonna be here from 5-7 PM on the regular though I'm sure peops will be fighting me for bar space. The wine was a dark red cabernet and the pours were generous for $6. The apps were delightful and hit the spot. Having great girl time while getting a little tipsy? Priceless.
Cute little wine spot, excellent happy hour, staff was very attentive!
$10 for a flight of wine (3 glasses) during happy hour from 5-7PM, now that's a steal! The goat cheese pistachio crusted goat cheese was delicious and left me wanting more! We also had the pleasure of trying: - Charcuterie plate - loved the addition of the duck breast - Steamed mussels -  juicy and plump! - Salmon tartare - my favorite appetizer! A nice, fresh taste with the addition of sesame seeds and fennel (?). - Flatbread with mushrooms, arugula - my least favorite. It was good but the flatbread was like a wafer, which I didn't care for. - Pomme frittes - delicious! comes with two sauces, one has a lot of heat to it! Overall, a very cute date night spot or a place to catch up with girlfriends. Minus one star for the service. The waiter had a charming accent and smile, but it took awhile for our food to come out. Thank goodness for the wine!
One of my new favorite places for happy hour  in NYC or for a late night dinner with a great big pour of amazing wine.  Came here with a friend for happy hour and the $10 flight deal is pretty amazing-you can try any wines served by the glass on the menu and there are a lot of them.  Service is very attentive but not intrusive--perfect. The pistachio-encrusted goat cheese ball was delicious.  And who doesn't love warm bread in a burlap sack?  Love this place and the bartenders are great!
This is by far my FAVOURITE French restaurant in all of New York City. I've been coming here for years now and their food is perfection. You must make a reservation in advance as it gets very busy. I always get three cheeses from their cheese list which comes with bread and some sort of jam or honey along. Then I also get the liver mousse which is amazing. I've also tried their escargot and mussels which are quite delicious too. The mood and vibe is very intimate with very kind servers. You can't go wrong here if you're wanting a romantic, intimate date with amazing food.
Very cosy and lively at the same time.  Wait staff were really nice, and great chef too.  They serve A LOT of bread. It's never-ending. Must trys: - Warm pistachio crusted goat cheese ball with honey, confiture d'oignons and toasts - Flatbread topped with portabella mushrooms, arugula, caramelized onions, roasted tomatoes & shaved parmesan (though I must say that the bread might be a little too thin, and that they can slice the pieces up smaller so it's easier to grab and eat) - Whole Brook Trout pan-roasted with sautéed haricots verts and sauce Grenobloise (simply wonderful. Very fresh. It looks like a whole fish but they fillet it for you perfectly) Went there for a birthday dinner with a group of 8 people.  They have this nook for big groups, very cosy and intimate.  It was perfect!
Great wine flights and really good French food. Atmosphere great and service really great. My new favorite in NY.
Came here for my birthday on a Thursday night and the place was packed. We ordered the chicken liver, escargot, duck confit, steak frite and creme brûlée top with banana. Everything was absolutely delicious Will be back to try the rest of the things on the menu. Loss one star due to the long wait between our appetizer and entree. The table next to us came much later and got their entree the same time as ours.
Visited on my birthday a couple of months ago and had an amazing time! I cannot stress how amazing the wine flights are -- the server asked about my personal taste and made a selection based on my preferences. I felt like I got to try wine from around the world, all in one evening. Definitely order the goat cheese/pistachio appetizer. It is heaven. In fact, just order three and make that your meal.
Amazing food! Friendly service. Good wine. Nice atmosphere. If I didn't live so far away, I would come here all the time! My husband and I came here on a trip to NYC last week from California, and I'm so glad we did. We ordered appetisers, mains and desserts and EVERYTHING we had was delicious. It was also reasonably priced and the portions were a good size. The atmosphere is nice and you can have a good conversation without having to yell over the music. Its only (vey minor) downfall is that the tables are a bit small and seated close together, but over all I was extremely impressed with this place. I will definitely come back next time I am in New York.
Staff are very nice and food. Is great! Except music a little loud for older and youngest. :(
LOVE LOVE LOVED this place.  The wine and cheese hit the spot as we stopped in during a stroll through Greenwich Village.  I just marveled in all the decor.  The seats - looked like old movie theater seats - were a super neat touch.  We grabbed spots closest to the window and enjoyed about five different cheeses with the best bread and wine.  Highly recommend - super retro!
Atmosphere: Love the chic glowing red interior! It's not too loud here, so we were able to chat pretty comfortably. Overall it feels chill and urban in an upscale way. Service: Amiable (& cute) servers, loved them! The three of us had to wait 30 minutes for a table, and when we finally got in, they gave us the biggest table in the back, which seats seven! LOL! So we recruited some more friends to join us and had a good night of it. Food: We ordered a Camembert cheese plate, which came with a bunch of other little things (grapes, candied walnuts, apple slices, a strawberry, honey, apricot jam; see picture) and a sack of bread. Everything was delicious, would definitely recommend. Drink: According to my friend, a self-described expert in judging wine glasses, the glasses here are high quality because there's a high-pitched, prolonged ringing when you flick it with your finger. Nice. It can be a little awkward drinking wine out of a glass as big as your face, though. (It'd be nice if they had narrower glasses for white wine, but it's not a big deal.) Bonus points for having a spacious and beautifully spotless bathroom.
Met friends here for late drinks on a Saturday.  Cocktails were good, wine recommendations were great, and the guys behind the bar were super cool and helpful in spite of us being 15-20 minutes late for our Open Table reservation.  It's very loud, and the ambiance is not romantic in a 'French bistro' way if that's what you're looking for, but worth a visit nonetheless.
Delicious! Our server, Joan, was amazing! He was very well spoken and attentive.   Our group was looking for a bottle of wine that was unfortunately sold out. However, he had one that had been opened for happy hour and accommodated us with a taste and discount. Try the pistachio goat cheese with the balsamic onions or the steak tartare. Both scrumptious. If you're on the wild side, the escargot. Doesn't disappoint.
Happy hour here is great. $10 for a flight of 3 wines, $6 escargots and pistachio crusted goat cheese balls. To be honest, the escargots were a little rubbery, and the seasoning a bit grainy so maybe pass on those. But the goat cheese balls were tres bien. So smooth. I got a flight of red and my friends got whites, and we also ordered the pommes frites and mushroom soup. Everything was delicious. Happy hour ends at 7 pm though so get out of the office in time!
Sunday brunch isn't greatly diverse but casual setting and quality of food put it up there for no frill options.  Open Table booking is a perk of course but honestly it is the good solid cuisine one comes here for.  Lemonade I fused with thyme is a great example of the baseline for attention to detail you'll get from the start. Oh, salads are entree sized and really fresh and the cheese selection will transport you to Europe in a moments notice.  I'd say if you're looking for a lazy morning meal or casual lunch with mindful preparation this is to be considered as it moves at an old world pace with friendly hospitality and doesn't come with all the social herding a lot of the lesser quality establishments nearby offer...
Had the dates with blue cheese and bacon and pear. They were fantastic. Followed with some ravioli. My descriptions don't do it justice. Plus they offer wine flights which my wife and I also enjoy. Oysters were tasty as well. Went on Halloween and all were in costume. Very festive!
Another conquest of the HH group -- $10 for 3 flights of wine, $6 for escargot or a questionable large ball of goat cheese... This place wasn't too packed at 6pm a Thursday, which was great since I hate shouting across the table to have a conversation.  Decor involved those velvety flippy chairs that you find in old theaters - not conducive to adding seats, so I wasn't really a fan To be honest, I like wine, but I am no connoisseur.  I must've tried 6 glasses of reds and whites, and the only one I can recommend is the riesling - sweet and smooth without the awkward taste that you get from moscatos and cheap whites.
Awesome place. Had moules frites, a bottle of wine and cheese for dessert. Everything was simply amazing. The wine list is not the widest in the world, but very carefully selected. Decor is very contemporary and pleasing to the eye.
Fun, trendy spot with energetic service and interesting decor. The escargot was amazing, the bread seemed endless, and the roasted duck leg confit was delicious (albeit with a sweeter sauce than I preferred). They have an extensive wine and beer selection. The service is also quick and extremely attentive; every glass of water was refilled within minutes and we appreciated the sense of humor that our waiter brought in serving us. Downfalls: it was a bit cramped and made it a little less romantic being in such close proximity to other people. It was a lot louder than I expected. The food menu seemed limited yet pricey. I would come here if I had a particular craving, but it wouldn't necessarily be my go-to place for an intimate date.
it is the kind of place where you have to feel at home to enjoy the full experience, i've been a stranger my whole life so i got to stand on the sidelines and watch the whole experience through the eyes a those who don't mind the dislocation, don't mind that we are all susceptible to commercial values and that our more democratic less aristocratic world has destroyed the few places where you could enjoy a glass of wine and cheese without much hoopla.
Had a great mother's day brunch here. We were a big party of 11 and they sat us right in front. The seats were so cool! They were movie theatre seats that apparently came from a theatre in San Francisco. Highlights included: wine, eggs Benedict, smoked salmon salad and the cheese.
Went here Saturday night with my boyfriend. We were originally seated at the bar, but the host offered us a table for 6 but said we would have to be out in an hour for a reservation. No problem. We can definitely eat in an hour. Ordered the escargot for an appetizer. Definitely recommend it! My boyfriend had the raviole and I had the pork tenderloin. We didn't order any alcohol, but from all of the reviews on it, it seems that we missed out on some good alcohol. The raviole reminded me of a glorified S'Mac to be honest and my tenderloin was a little dry. But overall, it was a decent meal. The bread was nice and endless. The biggest problem was that our entrees didn't come out until 45 minutes into the meal. And then the waiter was just staring at us and finally around 55 minutes into the meal, he reminded us that there was a reservation coming in soon. We explained that we had just received our entrees and he said "no rush." And then he proceeded to set the table and just stand near us. Even though he said "no rush" he was clearly trying to rush us out of there. I understand that this is a unique situation and not representative of the restaurant on a regular basis, but I just felt that it was somewhat rude especially when it wasn't our faults that our entrees had came out so late. Wasn't a huge fan of the seats. They reminded me of movie/theater seats, you pull them down and it was so hard to move in and out of your seat. You had to shift the table just to get out of your seat. Plus, because these seats are bolted to the ground, you can't shift yourself closer to the table. It's just awkward seating/table arrangements. Anyway, it was a decent meal, but I wouldn't necessarily recommend the restaurant as a whole. I would definitely recommend the escargot if you do happen to be around the neighborhood, though.
Came here with my homegurl for some holiday libations. I usually avoid wine bars...especially European wine bars, where pontificating wine aficionados can be found.   BUT...this spot is NOT of that ilk.  The waiter, host, and bartender were uber-affable.  They really make you feel at home plus asking for your name and using it throughout the night is mad classy. This spot is Intimate, i.e., great for dates or a girls'-night-out.  Its replete with patrons speaking french, spanish and italian...very Euro. The front lounge-y area has these dope theater seats, while the back dining area is very cozy, and in the middle area are these quaint high-top tables if you prefer not to sit at the bar. $6 glasses of refreshing Argentine wine for happy hour was perfect. Merci beaucoup, Amelie, Merci beaucoup.
Good wine, nice environment and food seemed nice. Why the 1 star? Horrible service. Had a reservation for 8 people at 9pm on a Thursday night. We arrived at 8:50 pm and were told to wait while our table was being cleared. 25 minutes later and still no table - they cleared a waiting area for us so we could wait. Ended up buying a pricey bottle of wine while waiting. 30 minutes later at 9:55 still no table even though we had reservations. Talked to the manager who seemed unapologetic and we decided to leave and head to 8th street Wine Cellar down the block. Within 2 minutes of walking out I got an email confirming that Amelie had canceled my opentable reservation. So I guess they are responsive to that and not to seating people appropriately. Seemed like a good place but because of service I wouldn't go back
It's great wine bar. Good wine menu, reasonable price and provide great food menu too. The service is over the top. We made 7:30pm reservation but run late, we called first and when we got there around 8, we still have our table. Great ambiance too.
Huge disappointment. My boyfriend and I have been looking forward to eating here for some time now and we finally got a chance to go. We got the Duck and Salmon and both dishes were reminiscent of Asian dishes- not what I was looking to eat at a French restaurant. The Duck had Malaysian flavors while the Salmon had wasabi spread across the top, under the crust. I was very disappointed.
The ravioli was good the pork chops were dry the walnut crusted balls were amazing Very scrunched. Not much room to move.
Wine flight was excellent.  Mussels unbelievably.  Used the awesome bread to inhale the delicious broth.  Charcuterie plate had smoked duck( so good I didn't want to share with my sexy boyfriend) and other unctuous sliced meats.  Then the piece de resistence: creme brulee... later I waddled home, fat and happy!   We'll be back :-)
My mother always says that you can tell a restaurant by its creme brûlée - easy to make but easy to do poorly. Amelie's is as good as I've had, the same goes for this restaurant! If you like wine you'll find knowledgeable wait staff with a generous pour. Been here 4 times and it's been excellent everytime.
AWESOME service. Terrific food.  Great, reasonably priced wine list and really delicious inventive cocktails.  Can't say enough good things about this place except I avoided reviewing it because I was afraid it would get found out.  Cool, relaxed, cozy atmosphere, not loud or too crowded.  Really really delicious and fun...perfect for a night out with friends or a romantic date.
"This isn't food, this is like ART" was what my buddy said to me as we were hanging out here.  This place has a huge wine list and I tried my best not to look confused as I handed the list to the more knowledgable wine experts in the party.  The staff was wonderful and friendly and the atmosphere was fun and cosy, this is a restaurant where you can actually talk and hear your friends.  The food is well executed and excellent on all accounts. The burgundy escargot is luxurious.  Take the butter that is left over and paint the biscuit with it.  Heaven.  Absolute Heaven. The Trout was the best entree of the night the crispy flavor mixed with the brined green capers that gives the fish a bright citrus taste. This place is overwhelming in it's quality of its food and atmosphere and you can have it all without the hype and high prices or more well known restaurants.  This is a gem.
This place has fantastic food and am exciting atmosphere. It feels more like a bar when you walk in - the music was loud and it's dark - but once we were seated at the back, the waitstaff were great and the food was traditional American-French. I had a steak which came with red wine reduction and vegetables - it was perfect.
Ate here for lunch, food was pretty good. Yet the real reason it gets 4 stars is it for its happy hour special for lunch. Three small glasses of wine for 10 dollars is owrth the value, especialyl for the great seleciton. The food was not oo memorable, and abit expensive, but to be expected for the area. The Warm Pistachio Crusted Goat Cheese Ball was very good, and I want to try the chicken liver mousse if i ever come back. I liked the Escargot also for 9 dollars...ehhh. My sister enjoyed her amelie salad, and my mom enjoyed her steak. Without the lunch wine special this place would be too expensive for me to be worth it, but looks like a nice date space at night and right near Washington square park and NYU.
Great wines, some good deals as well.  The prosciutto-wrapped dates with blue cheese stood out, and they also featured a superior chicken liver mousse.  An okay date spot, a little too yuppie for my blood, but definitely one to keep in your pocket.
Stopped by Amélie for a glass of wine after dinner a few doors down.  Surprisingly, there were two spots open at the bar.  The bartender was a very friendly man (French) who poured us water and provided the wine list.  We decided to go for a bottle and narrowed it down to three choices.  After asking for the recommendation of the bartender, he offered a tasting of all three!   We picked a bottle and spent the next couple hours truly enjoying our wine.  Never once felt rushed or if we were taking up precious space.   Cool, dark space with decorations identical to the bar in San Francisco (so my San Fran expert says).  Would love to visit either Amélie again!
Amelie is wonderful. Had a great night here with friends. Really loved tasting a few wines through their super affordable flight. Also, the pistachio crusted goat cheese was really great. Plan on returning next week.
I had a fantastic time here for my birthday recently. The happy hour prices are incredibly reasonable and the staff was excellent. When we initially arrived, all the spaces were full but the staff made every effort to accomodate us as soon as a table was available. The pistachio encrusted goat cheese and escargot were both fantastic, as was the cheese platter we ordered. I highly recommend it, just be advised that it is a small restaurant so I would recommend arriving early or making a reservation if you can.
nice service.  a little too loud tho.  we had to sorta yell at each other to be heard.  it's too bad, because the restaurant itself is very cute and the food is good.
Sweet waiter, great cappuccino, excellent escargots, fantastic duck leg. Best experience with French style. And the banana creme brûlée will melt your heart: D Check comes with a book written in French.
I came here with my girl friends for girls night out and thought this is a cute romantic spot for dates. Many couples were here in dates on a Saturday night. The place is small and quite and the ambiance is romantic with dim lighting and candles. The duck leg confit and the trout with good, but I don't particularly find it different from other French restaurants that serve the dishes. I would come back again for the friendly service and the ambiance of the place!
Loved the wine flight! This place was great for a night to catch up with a friend. I docked a star because the servers were so beyond busy/stressed that the service wasn't too great.  They didn't even let us pick all of our wines in the flight because they were "too busy." However, I can't complain too much because they gave us the happy hour price past happy hour. I also visited the location in San Francisco and it was absolutely delightful (almost identical in appearance). I will return... Oh, and get the honey goat cheese ball...delish!
Amelie is a great wine bar in Greenwich Village that I've now tried twice with great success both times. It's best to make a reservation, because the place does fill up. I absolutely love their wine flights. You can choose from the staff picks or create your own trio of wines. The server is well versed on the wine list, though I may have had the sommelier serve me both times, and they make excellent recommendations based on your tastes. I went with two small plates, the crostini and the steak tartare. I highly recommend the crostini for flavor, though the steak tartare was good and completely satisfying. My friend ordered the pork medallions and enjoyed them, though I thought the presentation was weak making them appear dry. I never tasted them so I cannot judge. The rest room is in the back of the restaurant. I tell you that because when I asked the waiter during my first visit, he told me the toilet was broken and to buzz his friend Jacques across the street to use his toilet. He wrote Jacques address down and everything! I stood there stupefied until he burst into laughter and led me to their restroom. These Frenchmen are jokers so beware!
I totally lucked out finding this place. I was going to 8th Street Wine Cellar but it was closed for a private event so instead I went in here to check it out. It wasn't so full when I walked in but within 10 mins it was packed. I really liked the wine flights for $10 - that's 3 glasses of wine! I had pistachio crusted goat cheese was excellent! It's a must have. I also tried the chicken liver mousse which was very soft and yummy. As for the service it was very attentive and welcoming. Service is key for me so I was quite pleased with that.
Great food, great value. Quite a buzz. Thought it might be too loud at first, but was delightful food and lively atmosphere, and enjoyed it immensely. Looking forward to returning.
I LOVE this place. Absolutely adore it. The food was amazing (choose your own cheese plate, chicken liver mousse, duck entree), and the wine was really really good too. Our waiter doubled as a sommelier and cheese expert and recommended a bunch of cheeses and wines after understanding what kinds of tastes we liked and didn't like. We loved everything he recommended. He was very personable and took great care of us, even giving us an extra glass of wine at the end of the night. I am definitely keeping this one in my favorites list.
Great spot with a lovely ambiance. Rating as 5/5 because the mussels starter dish is in my top 5 in the City; huge mussels with a fabulous tomato, white wine, celery and crime fraiche broth. Ask for a second basket of their first rate French bread to mop it up - a real gem.
I love this place! After another busy work week and still in 'long weekend' mode, my friends and I wanted to go somewhere with a very happy 'happy hour' and an atmosphere where we can actually carry on a non-yelling conversation. This was the perfect place. It wasn't quite crowded yet when we got there around 5:30pm but the bar was pretty full already so we took a table. The two French gentleman hosts, who I believe were the owners, were super friendly, funny and attentive, especially with the French baguettes. I ordered a glass of Cava ($6.00) and my friend ordered the customized flights for $10.00. That's 3 "small" glasses of wine for $10.00! For apps, I ordered the charcuterie from the regular menu ($18) and my friend ordered the warm pistachio crusted goat cheese ball with honey, confiture d'oignons and toasts. Everything hit the spot and we left the place buzzed and very, very happy. Amelie is officially now our designated happy hour meeting place and we've already made a plan to meet again before the end of the month. Hooray for Amelie!!
Great wine pours. Glasses are better value than bottles. Staff have fun with patrons which is good. The tapas are fine, nice even. Not tapas bar amazing but the wine makes up for it totally!!
We went for happy hour.  The happy hour menu had a few options for food and many options for drinks.  $6 for a glass of wine and appetizers were $10 or less.  The service was friendly and attentive.  The only thing we didn't love was the food.  Not that it wasn't good, nothing really stands out.  The ordered the foie qras, escargot, deep fried goat cheese, cod and mash potatoes (they mashed the cod and potatoes together). Everything was good but not great, nicely portioned but we would skip the cod next time.  One of the best wine bars we have been to in NY but the food was the reason we didn't make a second visit while in NY.
This place is great! The atmosphere is cozy and intimate, the food is delicious, there is a large selection of wines and a live band (we went on a Sunday night). Service was good and the prices were reasonable. We were very happy we ended up there by chance.
Amélie I love you! And I loved the movie, its cool they named their place Amélie. I wanna name restaurants after movies I like, Ronin, Rocky, Slaughterhouse-Five.. So for French Restaurant Week, I selected Amélie for dinner. I must have walked past this place 1000 times. Here's the best part, for happy hour they have a wine flight that, I don't know how they make money. For $10 you can have a 3 glass tasting of ANY wine on their wine list, except full bottled wines. Holy Moley, I chose wine from Oregon, Italy and France. All for $10 bucks? And they were generous pours? Singing the Jackson 5: Sit down girl, I think I love you! Their price fixe dinner was pretty incredible. I started with burgundy escargots gratinée in garlic parsley butter. A great starter but my breath? I could have burnt down the village, its was pretty fierce. If you're on a date, stay clear of this dish. Unless you can tell she's a life soul sucking stooge. Then, order two dishes. The escargots are shelled and put into a special dimpled dish with a bread crumb topping. For the main entree, Roasted duck leg confit with sautéed wild mushrooms. Now how do the French take a duck and bring it to such high levels? The duck confit made at Amélie is very rustic and flavorful. I'll even go so far to say incredible. The Creme Brûlée with Banana was good, but I was reeling over the duck with crispy skin. The next time I come here, I know what I'm gonna order: Frisée salad with warm bacon shallot vinaigrette topped with brioche croutons and a poached egg Whole Brook Trout pan-roasted with sautéed haricots verts and sauce Grenobloise Listen, I don't know what Grenobloise is, but it sounds wicked good! I love Amélie!
Absolutely love this place! The food is delicious and their happy hour deals are worth it :) And you can tell how good this restaurant is because it's always packed.
OOOO LaLa! This is the sister restaurant of Amelie in San Fran. I must start off first by saying they do not have any mixers, so my bourbon and ginger was just bourbon. (If you ask me, after three I was still on my best behavior!) The flights of wine were a great touch for the ladies as well. My family and I had planned to meet my GF at a restaurant on the same street but took the recommendation from a store owner and switched the dinner location to Amelie instead. I was really impressed. My little brother was able to order a nice filet mignon, which I tried and would order myself. He tends to stick to the meat and potatoes but will try anything. As a group though (minus lil bro) we ordered the charcuterie plates and the cheese plates. They were perfectly assembled and of the highest quality. As we stuffed out faces, my old man and I decided to order the foi gras which was spectacular. I should have ordered three more. The red wine-pear compote that came on the side was memorable. Aside from the food, the decor and service were so on point. We were sitting in old theater seats and there were lit bottles hanging on the walls. The owner/manager was French, of course, and was the star of the evening. Even finished by smooching all the ladies when we left... they loved it. I will ABSOLUTELY be back again. I think it is a perfect date spot for my girlfriend and me, and maybe another couple if they are lucky!
Super cute wine bar! Came here for happy hour with a friend and I was delighted at the low prices. For $10 I had a flight of wine, which was 3 glasses, and you could choose from any of the wines on the list (which was quite extensive). Service was friendly, the food was also delicious, and the atmosphere was trendy but not in a douchey way. Also note that you can reserve a table and still get all the happy hour specials, which is what we did. Loved it and will surely be coming back!
Great for brunch! The drinks were good and kept coming as we needed them. Food was great and there's a pretty wide range to choose from.
1st I'll say PRIOR to this..I've never liked French food..nor have I had NICE service.  I was expecting the Snooty waiter from the "FERRIS" movie. But the food is delicious & gr8! the service was friendly gr8! the price$ r NORMAL!  The mgr. is Catalan...which was nice surprise for me...Joe ( i think) was attentive, friendly, truly incredible service.  THEN THERES THE JAZZ! OMG, DUDE! right in ur face..live good Jazz, Blues, and then BOSSA-friggen-NOVA! I almost had a musical heart attack! I wont review the wine because ..why bother..they dont brew it, or bottle it..wine is the easy part. But the food they cook..and the music they play is MAGNIFIQUE!!!....................oh yes, it IS cramped..but,  deal with it. everything else is great.
Great food, but service was lackluster. Besides the sharply dressed staff and smiles all around, the 25min wait for a table we had reserved days before was a pretty laughable. Would have been possibly ok if we were able to sit at the bar but no dice. They had us standing in the main aisle of the resataurant, constantly being moved aside by the staff. 4/5 stars
Great service, great interior, good wine, and tasty appetizers. Do not miss this during happy hours (5-7) - 30 + tip for 4 glasses of wine and three appetizers.
Amelie, mon amour, you made this little lady so incredibly happy! Wonderful food, drink and company! Cozy wine bar and restaurant with a red theme. Locals coming for a quick bite and we were there celebrating my love's birthday. The waiters was so attentive, quick with the wine, singing a heart felt 'Happy Birthday', treating us like family. We forgot our umbrella there and the waiter gave it back the next day and wished my husband a very Happy Birthday. The foie gras with balsamic pear was rich and perfect with the tarty sugary taste of the pear. Escargots were baked in parsley garlicy butter. Baguettes that crackle as you broke off pieces. Gratin de ravioles du Royans, Roasted duck leg confit, Whole Brook Trout were all delicious. The Gratin de ravioles came in small plate, but was filling and complex tango of cheeses. Roasted duck leg was crispy but the best entree went to the trout. The trout was crispy, deboned, and both salty and tart that made the protein lip-smackingly good. Great service, great wine. Everyone was extremely satisfied.
So I came her with a friend for some wine and cheese on a Saturday night. I had heard good things about this place and I'm glad to say it lives up to the hype it has. First of all, the service is really good, the staff is friendly and very knowledgeable and they just make you feel really welcome. Also we made it to their happy hour and I must recommend this, they have really good deals. me and my friend both had a "flight" so we got to try 3 different glasses of wine (small) for 10 dollars which was a great deal. Their wine selection is not exhaustive, but they have very good selections from lots of places, I particularly liked their selection of Spanish wines. The cheese plate was also fantastic as was their bread, one of the best baguettes I've had in the city, only followed by the one at Maison Kayser. We ended up ordering one more glass of wine each, and got a complimentary glass of I believe prosecco, which was awesome! Definetly reccomend this place and will come back. Good atmosphere, good prices, great wine and cheese and friendly staff.
I used to go to Amelie in San Francisco, and loved it there as well.  I went here the other night for a date.  It's a hipster meets preppy type of place.  It's well lit, trendy looking, and has an excellent selection of wine and food.  Its casual enough to make it comfortable (especially on a first date), but still nice enough to leave a great impression on both you and your date.  We ordered the trout which was impeccably delicious.  It comes de-boned, and melts in your mouth as you eat it.  I haven't tasted such good trout before.  We also ordered a cheese plate and a number of glasses of wine, all for about $115 for two people.  Given the food and drinks we ordered, I thought it was a fair price. If you haven't been to Amelie yet, I highly recommend it.  It probably ranks as my favorite wine bar in the city now (or tied with Corkbuzzed in Union Square).
Fantastic spot with decent by the glass wine selection... food is awesome- had the hand cut steak tartare topped with a quail egg which was perfectly seasoned... the escargots came piping each doused in a gorgeous garlicy herb oil perfect to spread over the slices of grilled baguettes. The duck confit was lush, I'm sure the mushrooms that were bathing in the duck fat for hours were happy... oh, also the ravioli which I felt wrong for ordering at a French place were amazingly flavorful and definitely worth a try (to share)... even had room for dessert Love the staff, fantastic service!
The ambience, the lighting and the setup is just perfect, the cheese selection is great, and a must, especially when it comes with the best French baguettes in town. Wine flights are super .
Nice spot for good wine and fun apps. Good mid-scale, conversational vibe and a place you can linger with good energy.
Great service, lively atmosphere. I got the roasted duck leg confit and it was full of flavor (also mushrooms + potatoes were great). Portion looked small but was surprisingly filling.
I'm not even a fan of french food! This was a winner that we stumbled upon while looking for an early dinner. Live jazzy music that isn't too loud (you can still talk to your dinner companions). Super friendly service. Charming environment. Delicious food served in a beautiful presentation. All four of us loved it. I had the roast chicken special. Husband got the steak. We shared the gorgeous Amelie salad. Our friends got the mussels and cod special and escargot. The homemade ginger soda was a refreshing beverage!
While it may have little connection to Jean-Pierre Jeunet's Amélie, this place definitely has that trademark of je ne sais quois that marks it as decidedly French. The convivial atmosphere, alive with a cacophony of laughter and intimate conversations, is enhanced by a retro chic outfitting. Think Sputnick style chandeliers, neon-lit bottles along the walls that diffuse the space with a red glow, white draping on the ceiling, and a clear attempt to bring the heyday charm of the diner back into the 21st century. Add to this the sultry soundtrack of jazz-house lounge music (Gotan Project meets Etta James) and you have a genuine sex appeal that is palpable. Now, the flip side of this seduction is that I was clearly not the first one allured by Amélie. While waiting for a table, the place was jam-packed with a crowd of mostly young professionals and a few middle-aged couples enjoying a night out. The problem was that Amélie's narrow interior design lent towards choosing one of only two open spaces to stand: by the door or awkwardly wedged into a table of diners. I chose the latter (the guy who chose the door had to constantly redefine the boundaries of his personal space). This may not be a big problem when Amélie isn't packed, but I highly recommend making reservations as I did. My wait wasn't terrible, but I couldn't imagine having to wait there for 30-45 minutes for a spot to open up. While I didn't make it in time to enjoy the well-known happy hour flight deal (utter sadness), I did make a novel choice in my wine selection by going with a white. For those that know me well, it is a rare occasion when I am in the mood for a white, but I was craving one for a reason unbeknownst to me. I went with their sole selection of Riesling. Tart, delicious, and smooth, the Riesling ended up being the perfect accompaniment to the appetizers we chose to split. The glasses provided are almost laughably gigantic so you know that you will be getting a good share of the bottle when ordering. It should be noted though (this was my BIGGEST pest peeve of the evening) that the retro-white lacquer tables, while definitely a welcome addition to the design aesthetic, are horrible for enjoying your wine. Why? The bottom of my glass continually cleaved itself to the table. This resulted in continued uncouth shows of force to release my glass from the kraken (a bit dramatic, but this is a French place after all). For appetizers, we decided to go for the goat cheese ball and steak tartare. Before the plates arrived, the bread sack was provided for us. That's right...a sack; a lovely burlap filled with crunchy on the outside, soft in the middle bread. After getting over the novelty of this presentation, the appetizers came out. The goat cheese ball is an absolute MUST! Pistachio-crusted warm gooey cheese the size of a comet arrives to our table in a warm bath of delectable honey and an even more addictive confiture of onions. Sweet and savory, this was a knockout dish for me and probably one of the best plates of cheese I've experienced in my life. Steak tartare, on the other hand, was a disappointment and definitely a dish I recommend you avoid. It had a gritty texture that I was unaccustomed too (having eaten it at many establishments prior to this) and I found the flavor to be lacking any noticeable spark. I will DEFINITELY be back to Amélie to enjoy their flight deal and fuel the francophile inside me.
Food was good, but place was wayyyy too packed. Which made it hard to enjoy the meal.....maybe I'll try it again on a less busy day. Hoards of ppl standing by our table -_-
Amelie What we ate: Charcuterie board with French baguette Tuna tartare Duck leg confit with frisee, potatoes, and mushrooms Lamb stew cooked in red wine Whole fish with green beans From my time in dubai I have a great group of international friends. And even better since I moved to NYC several others have done the same in the past few years. This was the case with my dining companions the night we visited amelie. The couple, who are german and French/Dutch, read about Amelie which is relatively new to the NYC scene but a mainstay out in San Fran. It was my friend's birthday but she wanted a low key evening with just a very small group so this spot was perfect. We set out on our double date to celebrate and try out a new place. Since it was her birthday I didn't think twice when they selected a French place (though the guy is the one with the French background). I am always up for pretty much any cuisine and love trying new places. Since French food isn't usually my first choice, this seemed like a great chance to give it another try. The servers here are incredibly friendly and seemingly flit about the restaurant. We ordered a bottle of wine, the charcuterie board, and tuna tartare to start. The tuna came first and we devoured it in what seemed like seconds, it was very good but wasn't exactly big enough to share amongst 4 people (no surprise there). Thankfully the charcuterie wasn't far behind so we set in on that. This was one of the best meat spreads I have encountered in the city at a very reasonable price. It fed all four of us and had a large variety of meats including coppa, proscuitto di parma, duck breast rosette de lyon, and sopressatta. All of  us favored the sopressata but everything on the platter was good. And the fresh French baguette certainly didn't hurt either. We then moved on to our main courses which all were really tasty. I immediately chose the duck leg confit which was then affirmed by my Dutch/French friend who said that is one of the popular dishes from where his mom is from in France. He also ordered it though warned me it is a greasy, heavy dish (not something to stop me). We both completely polished off our respective legs and the accompanying potatoes and frisee were great compliments. The rest of the table got a lamb stew braised in red wine and the fresh fish of the day with beans. Both were also very tasty but I would order the duck leg again without hesitation. The portions were just a bit on the small side but with a couple bottles of wine, a couple of starters, and dessert to top it off we had more than enough. This is currently my favorite French restaurant in the city, and I'll definitely be back.
Went here a couple of months ago with my wife for a date weekend in NY. Wish Yelp had 3.5 star rating as for me it is somewhere between A-OK and I'm a Fan. Wine selection was good, food was well prepared, service was prompt and attentive. I guess what bugged we that the music being pumped in was more Euro dance thn I care for during dinner. That steady thumping gets on my nerves after a while when I'm trying to enjoy conversation and good food and drink so the music, combined with the bright and modern decor was more intrusive to the senses than a compliment to the food, service and wine list. This is a good place to grab some good food and wine for lunch or a later upbeat dinner but not a place to relax and longer.
Wow this place is amazing!  Fantastic wines and cheese parings at very reasonable prices.  3 friends and I went after dinner and ended up ordering an additional btl and cheese board bc it was so good. Next time, will have to try the food.   I recommend this place for anyone who likes good wine and great cheese.  I'd go either on the early or late side since it's become so popular.  Our waiter was full of energy and accommodating, even at the late hour we went. We closed it down and didn't want to leave.  Other ppl seemed to have indulged so much in the unforgettable wines that one customer vomit right outside.  That's not a bad thing, I think :) We'll all be back very soon!
Yup, I'm a fan.  This place is quaint and cozy. Looks like they have a decent happy hour specials for drinks and apps.  I'll have to try it out next time. Food was on par with expectations... cheese board was plentiful and flavorful chicken liver mousse was good dates were a little disappointing lobster risotto was very oniony Food was what made this place 4 stars... It really was the service... from the hostess to the waiters to the busboy.. they were all great.. very friendly and helpful...  The service bumped up this place from 3 to 4 stars...
Found this spot on TimeOut NY and looked deeper into it on Yelp. I liked what I read and used TimeOut NY online to reserve a table. I got a reservation just a few hours before. As I walked in it felt like crashing someone's party because it was loud, alive and chaotic. Walking deep into the crowd near the door, the maitre d' let us know we can join the chaos as our table was prepared. Two seconds later we were whisked to a table near the back. We were placed in the more quiet section of the small wine bar. It was the narrow section that led to the bathrooms, but it was a nice place to sit. Thia section has an area, in the back, two tables over, for a large group to sit. Our menus were sheets of paper binder-clipped to an old vinyl. Good for conversation. As we looked, our server, and eventual best friend, Juliane, guided us to a nice Spanish wine and the cerviche, both the day's special. He even gave us a couple sample glasses of white to verify which we preferred. The wine and cerviche, with generous French bread, was delectable and made for a fun nite with great company. The maitre d' and Juliane joined our table continuously and talked with us and kept spirits high! I eventually had the trout salad, which had pastrami slices and potatoes, and finished with an amazing banana creme brûlée. The treat from our buddies was a complimentary glass of champagne. We paid the first check but then decided on some rum n cokes since they had an awesome Beatles cover tribute album playing. When we finally left, we were hugged and kissed goodbye by the two gentlemen who helped offer an amazing night at Amélie. Obviously, I would highly recommend!
Fabulous food and genuine, amazing service!! To be honest, I can't remember what we had, as it was a while ago, but I remember wanting to leave a fantastic review, because this place is such a great find in NY!
Amelie is a fantastic trendy French spot that is chic for GNO and intimate to woo your date to "voulez-vous coucher avec moi" if you know what I mean... Make a reservation in advance and be on time otherwise walk-ins will take your table; it's a definite Friday night hotspot! I had some fantastic wine paired with my Roasted Duck Leg Confit - one of the best I've tasted in NYC and since my trip to Paris. Compliments to the... host/waiter - a true French gentleman who wished my boyfriend and I a real "bon appetit" for our meal and made sure we were taken care of during our meal. C'est tres bien, BEYOND tres bien! Allez - in other words, GO!
Fun, friendly evening vibe. Live music the night we ate there. Sat at the bar, ordered a few dishes to share and enjoyed some bartender-recommended wine. Overall, cozy spot with a festive bent. Food was nothing amazing, but the flavors were good.
So we're sitting in his car after my brunch shift, and he was like, "I want foie gras. And escargot." What are the odds that a restaurant that offers both was in walking distance? Only in New York City... Voila, Amelie! Also the name of my favorite movie. I had walked past this restaurant many times in my old days of living in Manhattan. So we stopped in, and it was PACKED. The staff all spoke lovely French, and added to the authentic flair of this modern French restaurant. They worked hard to seat people as quickly and efficiently as possible in such a tiny space. The wine selection was amazing, and they had excellent happy hour specials. The lighting was dim and the atmosphere intimate. We tried the escargot, and it was shockingly nice. Also, sopping up the delicious garlic parsley sauce with the fresh bread was half of the fun. I had the smoked salmon/avocado salad (I couldn't have anything heavy that day for some reason), and he had the duck confit. Both were excellent, and the wine pairings were on POINT. In my crazed hastiness to get some bread from the bread basket (ok fine, I had also had a bit of wine), I accidentally knocked over my wine glass and it shattered. The waiters were so sweet about the accident- "Was there wine in it?" "No, I drank it all." "Oh good, that's the important part." I offered to clean up the mess, since I am a server at another restaurant. Of course they did not allow me to, but at the end of our meal, the waiter ran over and gave me a dollar tip. "For your services," he grinned. Ah. I'm in love. Je vais revenir!
Amélie is a straight throwback to the experience of a neighborhood French bistro. It serves consistently good food and wine for reasonable prices. The only incongruity is the decor which is neither French nor interesting. They have an excellent deal on wine flights where you can choose ANY three wines from the wine menu for $10 during happy hour ( $16 otherwise). The foodie equally well priced and some faves on the menu: Goat cheese ball: pistachio encrusted and served on a bed of caramelized onions and drizzled with honey. Delicious! Foie gras: not the highest quality but still very good. Perfectly balanced by the wine poached pears and frisée salad it's served with. A little fatty, a little salt, a little sweet and some bitter! Onion soup: the melted cheese on top is sublime. The soup itself was a little sweet but still great for cold days Duck confit: Crispy skin, moist inside. Really good. Not a fan of the potato/mushroom thing it was served with but since the duck is so good that can be overlooked Molten chocolate cake: good. Perfect ending to a perfectly good meal
food is yummy, wine is good, service is solid... a little loud at times and tables too close to each other. overall a solid experience for after work drinks or dinner.
Pros: very attentive and amiable waiter, awesome bottomless baguette!!! Cons: the entre was bland... T.T It pains me to say anything bad about this place because I loved everything about this place except for the main course that was way too bland. Good things first. I think they have the best baguette in the city. So warm and moist inside and perfectly crisp outside but brittle at the same time. Just simply the best and it's  bottomless! :) Everything was great until I got my entre, duck leg confit, which was way too bland... T.T for 29 dollars, the sauce was too bland... bland... way too bland... it was falling off the bone but the sauce was just not excusable. Why why why!!! I wanted to like this place!!! *falter to the ground and start sobbing* I will still come back to try some other dishes though. I really  want to believe that the chef was having a bad day!!! :)
One my favorite places to eat and drink in all of New York City. Amelie always has a sharp and inviting atmosphere with friendly service.  The escargot with a perfect baguette is a must order.  Rich and flavorful.  The cheese selection is great with a nice recommendations by the server.  Nicely priced interesting wines if you just want to drink and have a snack, but a full dinner here is also a great experience.  I love this place all the way around.  The have one nice round table in the back that can seat 7 or 8.
Decent wine selection, but something on account of its . . . NYU-adjacent location? Generic price / menu? Modern-classic camp cramp? made me feel like I'd like it a lot better if this place were no more than four minutes out of my way.
I've only been here once, yet I call it one of my favorites. The first and only time was around 10pm on a weekday, and their happy hour did not disappoint! What does disappoint is that I've found it kind of difficult to go back - because there are never any day-of reservations available (I'm not much of a planner...) and/or the wait times are too long. I'll keep trying though. The moules frites and the generous pours of malbec were enough to bring this restaurant to the top of my list.
Awesome spot. The place has a great ambience to it. I love the chandelier all the way in the back, above the large table, with notes that people from all over had left there. We came here for happy hour and were thinking of doing the wine flights, but decided to split a bottle of Chilean Pinot Noir between the three of us and it was delicious. My favorite was the bleu cheese stuffed dates, wrapped in proscuitto with pear, but everything we ordered was tasty.
Got here a little early on a Friday night and opted to sit at the bar until my friend arrived.  The entire staff is 100% French and super polite and accommodating.  Since I had loads of time to kill and it was still happy hour, I decided to go with the popular $10 flight of wine option which comes with three glasses of three different wines (albeit smaller than your average glass).  Each flight is named after each of the waitstaff which I thought was cute.  I can't remember which flight I ordered but I only enjoyed one out of the three but it was probably due to my inexperience with wine and my reluctance to ask the bartender for suggestions.   I ordered the escargot to help wash it all down and boy, was I glad I did.  The dish came out steaming with 6 little escargot covered in a parsley butter sauce nestled in their individual cups.  With the crostini, I ate everything in under 5minutes.  Delicious!  I could've had two more plates.   Finally, my friend showed up and we were quickly shown to our table.  Although, the tables in the place were squeezed together quite snugly, I didn't mind the close proximity to our neighbors.  Those that mind sacrificing personal space would not like it here.  I forgot what we ordered as I ate there a few months back but all I can remember was how good the food was.  Not only was it delicious but the ambience was great from the theater seats in the front of the restaurant to the chandelier hanging in the back.  I'd definitely come back again.
Décor was cozy, the space was limited but well arranged. We had the escargot and steamed mussels for appetizer, both were solid. For entrées, I had the duck leg confit and my husband had trout. I practically licked my plate because it was delicious! Loved the sauce and the meat fell right off the bones. My husband at first was turned off by the trout, because it was a whole fish, then we realized they already took the bones out. I mean even if the fish weren't yummy, I'd still give them props for taking the bones out, then putting back the whole fish. However, not only they did all those work, the actual fish was perfectly cooked, moist and flavorful. Another plus, even though the place was packed, the service wasn't lacking. Our waiter made every attempt to stop by and ask if we needed anything. I like it! Definitely will be back for more, or try the happy hour!
Amazing little find in the East Village! From outside it looks like a dive-y wine bar but give it another look and you'll find it's a superb french restaurant! The ambiance is romantic with low lighting and a cozy, community style seating area. The only problem with this place is the size. Its very small, so the noise level can get unreasonably high. And because the tables are so close together it can be hard to carry a conversation. The food though, is what makes Amelie worth checking out. I went with a friend and ordered the Duck Breast Confit and Pork Tenderloin. Both were incredible and well worth the price ($24 & $22, if I can remember correctly)! I'll have dreams about that duck skin and bread to sop up every last bit of the confit! The wait staff, impressively, were mostly French and very friendly. The food service was prompt and timely! Overall, when its not too busy it reminds me of the cafe bistros in France. Laid back and an excellent place to have a drink with a friend and talk into the wee hours of the night. Will definitely be returning in the future!
Service is great! Had wine flight, fries, pistachio crusted goat cheese, roasted duck legs, escargot, and roasted pork. Love pistachio one very much, usually not a fan of goat cheese, but this one is definitely worth to try! The rest of the dishes are all good but not surprising. It is a nice place for a girls night and a date. Reservations before you go or you will like us to have a three hours Wednesday dinner:(
Chère Mademoiselle Amélie, I definitely had one of the most wonderful evenings in New York with you. The service you provided was really impressive despite not having a reservation with you. Since there were only two of us, your staff was able to provide a table in less than 5 minutes because the reservation was really late or did not show up. The French Onion soup was definitely one of the best versions I had in a long time. The cheese was really good, and the flavor of the broth along with the nice bags of French bread was excellent. The French Bread had a nice crispiness on the outside and a great chewiness on the inside. The Duck Leg Confit was a really tender and tasty dish, loved the juiciness, and the garnishes such as the mushrooms gave it a good flavor. The Glazed Pork Tenderloin had an interesting blend of sweetness and a good savory flavor. Your interior has a nice sophistication and vibe that definitely makes this place a nice place to eat at. You may not be the most comfortable, but you can find a way to relax a little for the people who come here. Although eating with you is definitely not cheap, but you're definitely not too expensive, and I kind of like that. You're also not very difficult to find in a city like New York but you're pretty unique as well.   Overall, I really hope to see you again, and eat some more of your delicious dishes in this great setting. You have not disappointed me yet. Cordialement, A guy who really loves some of the best of New York.
They've been open for a little more than a month.  I came here for a celebratory dinner with two of my girl friends last night. Ambiance--very trendy.  It's a pretty dimly lit place with auditorium chairs for seats. We ordered a bottle of sweet white wine at $33 (the server brought over two wines to try before we made our decision).  They brought us a basket of bread and something small to start.  Then we ordered the flatbread, goat cheese, mussels, and french fries.  The flat bread was very good, and there was a generous portion of mussels.  I also liked the fries.  We had room for more food but decided to stop ourselves there... Then to top it all off, our server brought us a creme brulee on the house because they heard we were celebrating!   We got there at 7:45 and left around midnight.  They didn't rush us to leave, which I thought was great. Bill came out to $25 a person.  Great service, cute place in the West Village.
Amazing French fare!!! Come and bring a friend... Or a sister like I did!
I had very high expectations for Amelie given the rave 4 and 5 star reviews I read from fellow Yelpers.  However, my experience was just so-so. I made a reservation via telephone while I was en route to Amelie - about a 5 min heads up.  I was surprised that they actually had a small booth table available for my party of 3!  We were seated immediately.   Decor - was a bit trippy for me.  Definitely not what I would have expected for a French place.  My friend described it as an upscale "dive bar" look.  For me, it kind of felt like I was sitting in a red spaceship.  The decor just gave me a really weird vibe, is all.  I would have liked a more intimate/romantic feeling atmosphere. Service - very nice gentlemen work here.  They were funny and very nice.  Only weird thing was the one guy that asked us if we were ready for our check after we finished our appetizers... we were still waiting for entrees! For appetizers, we munched on grilled octopus salad and escargot.  The octopus dish was a bit small in my opinion, but the flavoring was great.  Loved the tangy/lemony salad and the grilled tender octopus!  The escargot was equally delectable, though you only get 6 (large-ish) snails.  The sauce was pretty standard and goes quite well the the sacks of bread, but was lacking in garlic flavor. As my entree, I chose duck confit.  In hindsight, I wish I would have chosen one of the fish dishes, as my duck, mushrooms, and potatoes (that I had maybe 1 of and passed the rest on) were very bland and very basic.  Not too much to rave about here.  However, the trout was spectacular - fresh, cooked to perfection, and lightly tangy.  The salmon was good as well, but the upper crust was very salty. All in all, a satisfactory meal, but nothing I would call home about.
Love love love! Perfect for a girls night out or date night. First and foremost - I think I found the city's best happy hour deal! A three glass wine flight for just TEN DOLLARS! And these aren't cheap bottles from Trader Joe's or skimpy pours. Amelie boasts an extensive wine list from all over the world. Perfect for a wine newbie like me to expand her taste buds. My friend and I just ordered a few appetizers but left veryyy full. Their charcuterie plate is a must order. Nearly every table around me ordered this. A piece of their fresh baguette, a little schmere of mustard seed spread, and a thin slice of coppa - TO DIE FOR! We also ordered the tuna tartare and flatbread with arugula, tomato, onion, portabello and parmesean - all well prepared and delicious. The icing on the cake - the amazing service!!! The restaurant was held down by two super friendly and super French waiters (loved their accents). They had excellent wine suggestions and they made us feel at home and never rushed us. When our table was cleared of empty plates and just our wine glasses remained, he urged us to finish our glasses before we could ask for the check haha. There's no doubt that I'll be back!
My friends and I had an excellent experience at this restaurant last Saturday (May 17th). The service was impeccable. In spite of the crowd, our server and the management gave us so much attention. The food was quite delicious. I had a most tasty Filet Mignon (except that crispy fries were not my thing, so I did not touch those). All in all, a very pleasant experience!
what a sensual and lovely place! solid chacuteries, solid wine (man how i want to try ALL  the options, which will probably cost me two years and multiple livers!) I'm usually not impressed by food at wine bars, but Amelie is evidemment super! Est plus, merci beaucoup Benjamin, notre serveur de la nuit, pour excellent service. j'amie parlent de la France avec lui :)
perfect if you like wine + great happy hour. It's a popular place for a reason.
A great casual, neighborhood French wine bar in the village, perfect to catch up with friends. The service is wonderful and they have an extensive wine list at affordable prices and a great happy hour where you can get a flight of any 3 wines for the price of $10. I will return to try out their food.
Love love love the service. I made reservations for 12 in this cute classy restaurant. The French waiters were a delight, treating me like a princess all night and singing happy birthday in a belching, beautiful French voice. The place was packed even just a few minutes after Happy Hour was over. Though not everyone had arrived, the host was so kind to seat us and let us sit down to order. I had of course a glass of sauvignon blanc to start with. We then ordered some mixed plate of cold cuts and I a classic French onion soup. Brothy, perfectly melted cheese with a good balance of soup and not too much bread inside. The whole table gets a sack of bread that comes with things that rattle on the bottom (touch, and they will tell you not to!). For the main course, most of us got the duck confit which consists of a large duck leg that was cooked crispily served on top of sliced fingerling potatoes, sauteed onions, frisee salad, and mushrooms.  I was pretty satisfied with this dish though it didn't seem filling in the beginning. For me, I would come back just for the service and the appetizers along. I hear the happy hour with the $10 wine flight is wonderful too!
This is one of my favorite places to go in New York. The wait staff are so friendly and helpful, the wines are amazing and the food is to die for!
Love the flights of wine and happy hour menu! Super trendy place and great service.
Great spot if you can make it in time for happy hour.   $6 glasses of very respectable wine and generous flights for $12.  I recommend the flights and then grabbing a glass at five to 7pm and taking it to a table for dinner.  That's how I roll. Seats at the bar during happy hour are in high demand but if you can grab one, you've set yourself up nicely.  The bartenders are friendly and attentive.  This place gets a pretty good looking crowd to boot.  Loud and lively, Amelie is a good first date spot...or 3rd date or 100th.  Guaranteed to please the lady friend or boy toy.   While enjoying happy hour at the bar we started with the warm pistachio crusted goat cheese and the escargot.  The snails were pretty standard and satisfying but the warm goat cheese is a must order.  So complex for a simple cheese dish, it was sweet, salty and nutty all at the same time.  The onion jam accoutrement was the highlight for me and really made the dish.  Bravo to the chef for turning chevre into something so marvelous.   I guess we were both in a tartare mood because I ordered the steak tartare and my lady had the salmon.  We were both plenty happy with our dish.   The decor here is a little too modern for my taste but I can get over that with everything else this place has going on.  Definite fan.
Been here several times for different occasions: perfect for anything! Great prices; amazing wine selection, staff Knows about their products and pairings. Cute waitress Go for the Happy Hour: nothings beats those prices and ambiance in the area. Great onion soup
Excellent excellent experience for dinner.
I had dinner here on the weekend with a date. Food, service and atmosphere were excellent. This is one of the best restaurants I have eaten at in the city and the prices are reasonable. Flights of wine for $12 are awesome and give you a chance to try out new tastes. The cheese and meat plates come with many additional components and bread to complement your wine. The filet of beef was delicious, as was the ravioli gratin.  Even the chocolate lava cake dessert was nice. Our waiter was very helpful and friendly. This place is  definitely going to get return visits from me, and I would recommend it to anyone who likes wine and French food.
I give it 4 because I don't get the decor. It was like Johnny rocket French style. But food was amazing though. Best mussels ever!
Went for dinner on a Tuesday night. Me and my guest ordered the Filet and it was extremely good. The piece of meat was excellent and perfectly cooked. The sauce with it was really good, as was the side veggies and potatoes. The table bread was also decent, especially when dipped in the steak sauce. The service was good and the ambience was ok, could have been slightly bigger but wasn't a drawback from the experience. The wine selection was good and reasonably priced as far as mark ups go. I would certainly go back, even if just for the steak.
I chose this spot at random to meet up with friends during happy hour.  This place didn't disappoint at all. Atmosphere: very modern and stylish, yuppie clientele, but super crowded and slightly noisy. Service: very courteous and attentive, even at the crazy happy hour pace. One gent (could be the owner) went out of his way to find seats for my friends and I, though out entire group had not arrived.  And our bartender was quite pleasant, with an endearing sense of humor. Food/ drink: completely awesome. I had the goat cheese ball with toast, which makes for an amazing appetizer. It is a perfect balance of creamy, sweet and savoury.  It goes well with the flight special, which for $12, you get a trio of assorted wines (by the glass).  I had the Joan, which is one white, one sparkling rose, and one red.  They were decent in taste, but you're not going to get really tipsy. For dessert, I had the creme brulee, which was magnifique...the custard was perfect in texture, smooth to the taste, and not eggy in the least.   Also-the caramel topping was fun to crack. I'd probably return here on a less busy occasion, but considering the quality of the service and fare, I'm sure Amelie will never have a slow day.
I absolutely love Amelie!  The atmosphere is casual and lively, the wine list is pretty extensive including many choices of wine by the glass, and the service was amazing.  They were super friendly, offered great recommendations, and were very accomodating.  Of course, their dreamy French and Spanish accents didn't hurt! They have an amazing happy hour deal that includes a flight of 3 wines by the glass for $10, and you can choose whatever wines you want.  They also have some happy hour wine choices and reduced price plates. The cheese plate came with some great accompaniments, including grapes, apples, strawberries, candied nuts, honey, and homemade pear compote, as well as a delicious basket of bread.  They also have a charcuterie platter that looked amazing but we already ordered a lot of food so didn't have any room for it. My friend and I ended up staying for three hours and they didn't rush as at all.  Instead, the charming waiter made sure we were enjoying ourselves and when he had to move our table a bit to make room for a party of six that was coming in, he offered us a complementary molten chocolate cake for dessert.  I love their European attitude toward meals, where it's all about making sure the guests are enjoying the food and company instead of turning tables. I will definitely be back!
Perfect Neighborhood Wine Bar. Incredibly friendly staff and well priced bites to go with the fantastic array of french wine. They also have Spanish and Italian wines on the list, but predominantly French. Some nights they have oysters (usually blue points, but fresh) and their salads are refreshing.   Of course, you could just spend hours there drinking because the guys are fun and great, and really give you a nice range (both price and region) to choose from.
I went here for my birthday dinner and had an amazing evening at Amélie. My friends who are perpetually late were of course late to our 8 PM reservation so the host had to give our table away (understandable). However, he was still super accommodating and was able to still give my party of 6 a great table. I would highly recommend getting reservations because this restaurant was completely packed! There was no room for walk-ins. Anyway, on to the dinner! I love the space that Amélie is in. It is dimly lit and very romantic. I felt like I was back in France again and was reminded of such warm memories of my time there. The baguette that was served before the meal was very tasty, and my friend got a mashed potatoes appetizer that was fantastic. I got the filet mignon for my entrée and it was delicious. The steak pretty much melted in my mouth and the mushroom sauce that came with the steak went perfectly with it. All of my friends were very happy with their dishes as well. The staff even gave me a free crême brûlée for my birthday. In sum, I had a really lovely and relaxing evening here and I will definitely be back again.
For just the food, I'd go with 3.5 stars but I think the wine flight pushes it up to a 4. You can't come to Amelie and not get the wine flight. It's SUCH an amazing deal. For $10, you get a flight of 3 different wines with a large selection ranging from bordeaux to cava to rioja. The pours are generous--about 2/3 of the glass so essentially you're getting 2 full glasses of very drinkable wine for $10. Duck confit leg - yummm! This was pretty tasty, very flavorful, and I like the mushrooms and thinly sliced potatoes that the duck sat on top of. Escargot - I LOVE escargot and was really excited but it was just OK. The flavor was good but I couldn't really tell which part was the actual escargot verses the sauce. The sauce was really thick and too chunky for my taste. It would have been better with a bit more oil mixed in. Check out Tartine if you're looking for good Escargot. I'm looking forward to coming back for their bottomless brunch!
Amazing food and amazing staff.  Accommodated and gave us a table for my 25th bday dinner and gave a bottle of wine on the house as a bday present.  :D
I can't believe I forgot about this.  The first time I went here was actually last year on a date.  I remember the food & wine being incredible & the servers being super sweet, yet somehow I forgot about this place.  I thought it was in some far off place until I left work one day & about 5 minutes later recognized the awning. That was a great day.   I went back recently to discover they have an amazing happy hour from 4-7 everyday.  Wine flights are $12 for ANY wine by the glass, also crostinis are $3, & the escargot is $6.  Also if you are looking for a full pour they have a nice selection of hh wines for $6.  My favorite wine thus far is a red wine from Mallorca - so good & paired w/cheese & escargot even better.  The happy hour gets pretty crowded & despite the crowds, each server & the bartenders had such great attitudes.  The fact that this place is so close to my office is a bit dangerous, I will definitely be here a lot more.
Went in for a late-night meal early this week. We got an RSVP online for 10 PM and arrived at 9:50; we were told our table wasn't ready--which we totally understood so we chilled at the bar. Our table wasn't ready until 10:15, but the food looked delicious and the staff was friendly, charming, AND humored our poor French language skills, so it was all good. We ordered our meals which took about an hour to arrive... which is really the only complaint I have. It's a bit slow. Also, the staff appeared to get into an argument in French (quite loud), but that didn't bother us too much. The food is EXCELLENT. Some of the best darn French food I've ever tasted. And the staff realized the wait was too long, so they offered us either a free dessert or a refill on our wine (we opted for the latter). That bumped this review up to a 4-star ;) The decor is also lovely. The lighting is unique, and the layout is very sexy. The bathrooms are crystal-clean and the bar layout is also very cool. Lastly, their music choice is absolutely superb (loungey, alternative hip hop). Anyways, we'd definitely go back--but will get an earlier, telephone reservation next time. The food was delicious and they had the best ambience we've experienced in months!
Food was delicious, the bread was freshly baked and warm, the bloody marys are spicy just the way I like it. The all you can drink option is $16 which is a great deal, but not a super great idea (maybe?) in the morning because they make their drinks strong. Service staff was incredibly helpful as well. Overall a great experience.
From the $12 happy hour wine flights to the superb appetizers - you can't go wrong with Amelie. I came here with a couple of girlfriends just to catch up - it's a little cramped and I would say the prime spot would be the booth in the back that probably fits 8 people comfortably. The weird booths in the front seem like an inefficient use of space, but that's just me. You'll be in close quarters with your neighbors but hey - this is the city and you become quite good at ignoring others. The different wine flights feature a mix of whites/reds/proseccos (depending on the flight) that are recommended by the staff. I got the Benjamin which was a Sancerre, a Pinot Noir, and a Cab. Exactly what I needed. The waiter constantly brings you bread (which you must dip in the mussels - phenomenal), the pistachio-crusted goat cheese ball is $6 if you order before 7 PM, and the flat bread is a jumbled happy mess of caramelized onions and mushrooms. I didn't get an entree but the people around me got the duck and it smelled like heaven. Next time, next time.
$10 wine flights during happy hr (5 to 7 pm).  whats extra nice?  the entire wine list is open to the wine flights.  most places will limit you to a few signature drinks or the cheaper wines. not here! also really enjoyed the cheese plates! fyi, charcuterie plate is massive!
Besides having the best Happy Hour flight special in town, this place always treats me like family.  On a recent visit, after a several-month-long absence, my favorite bartenders greeted me with a hug and a "we missed you!"  They always give great wine suggestions, and the food isn't bad, either.  The chicken pate will last the entire happy hour if you get extra bread.  This is absolutely one of my favorite places to visit, even though it tends to get crowded.
From the service to the food this place was a great place for me and the boy to celebrate our 2 year anniversary! Everything is reasonably priced for a french restaurant. The duck was amazing and so was the pork tenderloins. The staff is very attentive and accommodating. I had to push my reservation back a whole hour and they did not even hesitate to let me change (even though this place has people lining up waiting to get a seat at the bar.) My ONLY complaint is that the tables are very very tiny. I get it, in order to seat more people they sacrificed some table space, but at the same time, one of these tables barely fits two plates and two glasses. Besides the tables I enjoyed every bit of my visit. The food was impeccable and the service was even better! I will definitely be back for a nice dinner in the future
I love this place. Cool decor, service is great. $10 flights (any three wines you want) during happy hour. Food is pretty good too, but it's a bit pricey. You want to come here for the lots and lots of wine.
I love the wine, the food, the music and especially the people and the atmosphere! Great for a bite to eat or a glass of wine!
Great place for gatherings, lights were dim and ambience was good. Benjamin who served us was really friendly and made good recommendations on the cheese. Was there in a group of ~9 and was lucky to get a table right at the back. A fair variety of wine available. Had the sauvignon blanc sancerre which, as usual, was good. Will be happy to visit again to try the food.
Had dinner here on a Wednesday night, and I'm so glad I made a reservation because the place was packed when we got there! The service was impeccable. I'm not much of a wine drinker, so I had to ask for the server's recommendation based on my taste. He had me try 4 different wines, before I decided on which one I liked the most. The wine glasses and the amount of wine served are bigger than most of the places I've been to. For starters, we got the cheese board. The menu had a lot of different cheeses to choose from. The board came with 3 big enough portions of cheese along with walnuts, dry figs/apricots, grapes and a small side of honey/jelly and bread. My favorite was the Humble pie. Totally worth the $18! Tip : the cheese board is big enough for about 3-4 people to share, if everyone is planning on getting an entree. My boyfriend got the duck leg confit for main course and absolutely loved it!
Wonderful service, the owner himself suggested many items on the menu & even had tasty delights sent over that he said we simply must try! The wine selection was great & the food was unimaginably good. Will be returning.
Great choice for some pre dinner drinks and snacks.  We arrived early around 6pm on a Saturday.  It was very crowded but we still managed to grab a quiet little table.  It was happy hour and they had some nice specials.  We got a flight of wine, 3 wines for $12.  It's a nice way to try a few different wines.  I really loved the Cabernet we tasted and ordered a glass after we finished the flight.  We got some charcuterie and a cheese plate to share.  Meats were excellent, and so were the cheeses.  My husband loved the brie, it was amazingly creamy.  My only complaint was that the table was a little too small.  After the meat and cheese boards, bread bag and 6 wine glasses plus 2 water glasses it was uncomfortably crowded.  I would definitely return when I'm back in the area. Check out the rest of my reviews and recipes at: myladleoflove.com
A little crowded and not a ton of room, but the food was awesome and the wait staff was really helpful and friendly.
My colleagues and I were going to  happy hour at 8th Street Wine Cellar, but it was closed for a private event so we, very fortuitously, ended up at Amelie.  We've since been back a million and one times.  So many times, in fact, that the staff knows us by both faces and names.  Lol.   The happy hour at Amelie is downright amazing!  The ever-popular $10 wine flight can be made up of any of the wines they sell by the glass.  I know nothing about wines, so I had the very friendly, VERY French server to create a flight for me.  They have a wine there called Txakolina (Chacolina), a sparkling very dry white wine that is FANTASTIC!  It's now my favorite wine and, as far as I know, they are one of the few places that sell it in the city.  Try it.  Also, the goat cheese appetizer is impeccable and the baguette is out of this world!  Other food is good, too... the flatbread, salads, french fries (naturally), dates, but I haven't tried many of the entrees.  I can't speak highly enough about this place.  Unfortunately, other people have found out about my Parisian oasis in the middle of the Village and now it gets extremely crowded there, especially on Fridays.  I suggest making a reservation -- yes, even for happy hour.  I hear they have brunch now.  I'll definitely be trying that soon.
Ah Amelie... I fell in love with this place on my first visit, and I only had the wine flight that time! I've been meaning to come back and it's taken me over a year to do so, but it did not disappoint! The service is still wonderful, and I love everyone's French accents. My friend and I each ordered the wine flight, along with escargot, a flatbread, and a cheese and charcuterie plate. I was super impressed when the server remembered every single item without writing anything down. Wine is excellent, and the list is extensive. Food - so amazing. I can't wait to come back and try everything else. The only wrinkle in the evening was when it took 3 tries for the server to give us the correct check. But we were so satisfied with the food, wine, and atmosphere that we didn't care. I would recommend making reservations because it fills up fast. Perfect spot for drinks with friends or for date night!
The entire staff made a point of making our anniversary very special.  It was a wonderful evening of great food, wine and service! Thank you!
I have been coming here regularly since March and I definetly love this spot. The staff is outstanding, the wine incredible and the ambiance is great!! Every time I have been there I have met all sorts of interesting people. Definetly worth going!!
Simply my girl friend and I were craving some delicious French food, I'm too embarrassed to admit how long it's been since I had any. Busted out yelp and figured here or Jules Bistro, we had a birthday to attend at Vol de Nuit so this made more sense. We stopped in around 7:30 on a Saturday night without having to wait at all (unheard of). It was packed but mainly a bar crowd and tables were clearing. The decor reminded Jenn of when she went to France, it resembled a French disco in a bistro. I personally felt like I was in a funky spaceship by the lighting and shapes of the table. Lighting was awful so- no group photos. I'm petite so was able to sit comfortably she is a bit taller than me and had people sit behind her resulting in her to sit on a angle and worry about food dropping in her lap after every bite (-1 star). However I'm not here to judge that.. I'm all about the food and service. So we stuck to apps, didn't want to fill up because we knew we were drinking at the party. We started with each a glass of the French Malbec ($9) very smooth finish, slight sweetness to it and it left no coating on your tongue. I was craving escargot ($9), not over powerful with the garlic and parsley but I wasn't kissing anyone that night. Jenn wasn't in the mood for it but after 1 realized she will cave and have another 2 more. We shared the foie gras with the pear ($14-$16). That was rich and blew my mind. Yes it is "gamey - gritty" but it's what to expect. The pairing with the pear and frisée lightened the blow made it sweet and cleaned your pallet as if it was never consumed. We wanted to cover our bases, meat base and fish. We ended with the salmon tartare ($14-16). I liked the mango and avocado in it. We were expecting more kick to it. Maybe it's because I'm biased and prefer tuna tartare. Lastly, my friends will attest I'm not a dessert person, I know that's crazy. I was debating with the waiter to bring an extra spoon. Fruit is dessert for me. Jenn ordered the banana creme brûlée ($7)Simply dope. The glazed sugar on top and the cold creme underneath with the touch of banana was perfect, rich but not too heavy.  Total after tax and tip was about $83 We were served by Benjamin but the host assisted as well. The place was operated by 2 waiters, bus boy and bartender. They held it down. Everything was on point, attentive with the water, bread and even chatted with us and made it humorous. We didn't feel rushed or as if we were waiting long for the food. I recommended it to friends, overall a great experience, I want to try an entree next time.
Get the cheese plate... Because I didn't and I'm still sad.  What a lovely, lovely find.  I'm a total Francophile and this menu sent me over the moon.  Was in for lunch with my daughter and her friend.  Salade Frisée was perfect.  Service was perfect. And when I come back, which I will, I'm having the cheese plate.
After reading some good Yelp reviews about Amelie, we decided we give it a go for our next date night. Now, as a forewarning, we missed the happy hour. ATMOSPHERE/AMBIANCE: It was pretty packed when we got there but fortunately, two guests left and we were able to be take their seats. The seating arrangements on both sides after you enter is a bit awkward. It's a bit like chairs from the movie theaters but more comfortable, you're out of luck if you sat at the end because well...just like in the movies, you have to walk pass the guests down the line. The restaurant is dimly lit in red but plenty of lighting (perf because I was using my dslr to take photos). The decor is okay, the restroom was definitely nicer! All the other guests seems to be having a great time (wine and music? Seems like a good combination for a good time with friends.) The waiters seems to be laid back and jovial with their witty comments, very friendly. FOOD: ...So here's what we ordered: Escargot - DELICHE! It was so tender and down right tasty! I wish I just stopped at this and left it at that. Flatbread - Disappointing. If you are not going to eat this in 5 minutes, it's really pointless. The bread became so soggy and it was just not as appealing. The flavors weren't amazing either. Salmon tartare - OK. This one is not so bad but again, we were not blown away. Albeit, there is nothing to pick at about this dish because it is solid considering the dish itself. Duck leg confit - OK. Altogether, this dish was not so bad, but my favorite part of the dish was the fingerling potatoes! SERVICE: I guess we have to get out of this habit of trying places that have a grueling wait time in between dishes!!! Like I have said before, our waiters were friendly, but it was just painstakingly taking so long for our dishes to come. But what was probably the worst was when we were waiting for our bill. Our waiter was busy and it took a GOOD minute to get his attention, another guest got his attention for us since he was not looking our way or our side. We waited for about 15 minutes, or more who knows?, and we were becoming incredibly impatient that all we can do is just laugh about it because it was getting ridiculously mostly in part because he would walk by our side but alas, no check, at least two times. Finally, I had to wave my hands hysterically to get his attention and by the way he reacted, he totally forgot about it. He yelled across the restaurant to get the bartender's attention to ring our check. OVERALL: We're not going back for dinner, or for any other reason than their happy hour, but it probably won't be for a while since that whole ordeal was annoying. ATMOSPHERE/AMBIANCE: 4/5 FOOD: 3/5 SERVICE: 2.5/5 DECOR: 3/5
I had such a memorable experience here! So our night here began when we witnessed something very surprising happen in the restaurant (but I won't disclose that here). But, to make up for this, the waiter gave us two free glasses of delicious champagne and we got to meet two other delightful patrons. After that, we were seated and were overwhelmed by all the delicious choices on the menu. We decided to go with chacuterie, escargo, salad, and truffle fries. Oh my goodness. Everything was so amazing. I'm not sure which meats/cheeses we had because we just asked the waiter to give us his favorite pairings but I do remember the duck breast (you must try it!!). All of the cheeses and meats as well as the condiments were amazing! The wine was great too. My friend wasn't too big of a fan of the escargo but the truffle fries made up for it :) Ambience/Service: Service was amazing! All of the waiters there are so friendly, happy, and helpful! We truly had a delightful experience -- also love the French accents :) Loved the ambience too! This is a great place for a date or a girls night out :)
One of my favorites.  Firstly, I go to restaurants for the food (and sometimes ambiance) but I would start by saying the service was outstanding.  We got sat quickly and seemed to have someone check-in whenever we needed something w/o be obtrusive.  A+.  The food was superb.  I got the escargot, which I'd get again.  The Amelie salad was unique and healthy.  We also enjoyed the mushroom flatbread and daily soup.  The finale, which should not be missed, was the chocolate cake.  Highly recommend and pair with the port.
ran into this place by accident while looking for lunch.  what a great spot!  The food is excellent, I had duck salad, server was very friendly & professional.   The wine tasting menu looked wonderful, but it is a bit too early for us, will sure come back and try.
Once again the spot was loaded. Wine was pouring out generously. People were having fun. Servers were fun as usual. Bartender was extremely generous on wine. Bread popped up in a small satchel. Wine dine lose urself kinda stuff lights were dimmed. Ladies were just taking pics. Some extreme poses. Some too funny and some too drunk but all pics made sense since it was halloween. Now 5 stars !!!!
So I was excited to take my fiancé out to dinner to a fancy french wine bar and after a 20 min walk we were pumped to have our socks knocked off. We went around 8 and the place was PACKED. Luckily I had made an appointment the day before, but seemed like people were coming and going easily. First thing we noticed is that it's pretty stuffy and the tables (and people) are very close together and loud. I personally don't like that atmosphere, and I understand it's a wine BAR but I expected a little more.. Class maybe? The host was a gentleman, our waiter.. Not so much. He seemed a little snooty and rolled his eyes at our simple dinner order (and seemed offended we didn't stay for dessert!) The dinner menu is honestly pretty pricy (but, then again it's NYC..) I can't spare any stars because of personal preference because the food was honestly amazing. We ordered the salmon crostini's which were so so good! My fiancé ordered the Frisée Salad (delicious! I nicknamed it the "manly" salad.. It had bits of bacon and a poached egg on top.. It was a really yummy hot salad) and I had the Classic Amelie salad.. Which was also delicious. Everything was super fresh, but we didn't even want to stay for dessert. It was way too crowded for my taste and it felt like we were on the couples date that sat next to us (I could hear everything this girl was saying and found it hard to even carry a conversation with my own date!!) But, it is a typical bar scene and if you're looking to just hang out and order some wine- this place is perfect. I suppose it's a good place to bring a date you don't really wanna talk too? The food is very delicious, but for the price and the atmosphere, you could probably find something better (at least for my personal preference)
Pistachio crusted goat cheese...best thing I have ever tasted Cheese plate was amazing as well Frisee salad was great
The best thing about this place is the $10 all day wine flights ($10 for 3 wines - you choose).  They have a lot of very good wines and they give you a generous pour. Otherwise, I was disappointed in this place.  I met a friend there for lunch and the decor is hideous, at least in the daylight.  Maybe less offensive at night.  Definitely does not feel like you are in Paris. My friend really enjoyed her salad, and we split an order of fries which came out cold.  Nothing worse than cold fries. I had a cheese plate - some of the cheses were good but others were just ok (hard to have a bad cheese). The server was very nice and attentive.   I don't understand why people rave about this place - it's so average.  I had originally planned on going to ABC Kitchen for lunch that day and decided to go to Amelie instead, because of the location and the rave reviews.  Totally regretted that decision.
Had the Little J Shiraz and it was superb and reasonably priced. The lunch menu is a very good deal but it's more heavy on the salad side. Mom and I had the chicken sandwich and the baguette burger (respectively). Her sandwich was phenomenal as my burger was good (a little more cooked than I would have liked, but good anyway). This place would be a great date spot. My mom made sure I wrote down the name of the place so we can visit again. I'm writing a review instead so I just have to check my yelp account. P.S. The wait staff are so cute and oh so French! P. P. S. The bathrooms are clean but really dark.
This review is for happy hour.  I love that they have wine flights, 3 for $10.  You can mix and match any wine on the list that's served by the glass.  We also ordered the charcuterie, foie gras, escargot and a cheese plate.  I forgot what the cheese was, but it seems to be in the same family as brie.  It was the first time that my boyfriend and his brother tried foie gras and I am so glad that they had it here.  Their foie gras literally tastes like "butta" and melts in your mouth.  I loved everything about our happy hour experience here.
The food was superb and could have been better if our waiter has spent less time chortling, chucking and generally yukking it up with other employees behind the bar, as if the world was his stage. Our food was like warm but tasty. I'd give this place 5 stars if this guy actually did his job.
Judging by how packed these guys were by 5:45 pm on a Saturday, word of their excellent happy hour has spread pretty quickly. The missus and I came here at 5pm and I'm glad we made a reso. We decided to do their $10 wine flight. It's an incredible deal coz you can try out wines that are listed at over $15/glass. Rule is  - if they offer it by the glass, you can get it for the flight. We shamelessly picked out the most expensive glasses of Cabernet Franc, Bourdeaux and Malbec as well as regional varieties from France and Spain. The flight is the way to go coz you get a lot more choices than just picking up a $6 glass from the hh list.  Best of all, the pour is quite generous. My favorite was the Beaucanon Cab Franc while my wife's was the Graves Chateau Gaut Selve 2010 Bourdeaux. The only thing better than the happy hour wine deal was the pistachio crusted goat cheese with caramelized onions, honey and toast. So good we got this twice. The flavors and textures were unreal. We tried the escargot as well which was pretty decent but didn't quite knock my socks off like the goat cheese did. Even the bread was excellent. While we were eating, we saw some curious onlookers step inside to take a look and then leave with an unsure look on their faces. I can't believe there're still people out there who don't Yelp. I just felt sorry for them. The wait staff here is extremely friendly and helpful but were kept on their toes by the inquisitive and demanding patrons (ourselves included). If possible, I would suggest sitting somewhere close to the bar, where it's easier to grab their attention while they walk by you. WINE: 4/5 FOOD: 4/5 SERVICE: 5/5 DÉCOR: 3.5/5 VALUE: 5/5
My friend and I went here tonight because of these great reviews we saw... And it totally lives up to the reviews. Great service and great food. I definitely recommend the duck and creme brûlée!
Came here for my birthday, and it was the best surprise! Amelie is tucked away in Greenwich amidst a number of other great finds, and is cute,  modern and trendy. It's filled with a soft red light and quirky touches (some lights are in the shape of bottles, etc), and is great for setting a romantic vibe if eating with a SO. There's also a standing area in the front which is great for larger groups. The owner is super nice and eager to share his expertise about wine. If you make it for happy hour, I recommend getting the three-wine glass sampler! He helped us pick three wines that would go with the dishes we ordered, and I feel like we learned lots about wine pairings and flavors that evening. The food was also excellent-- we ordered the steak tartare and octopus salad, which were both light and sophisticated in flavor. It wasn't incredibly filling, but this is to be expected at a french restaurant. Highly recommended for a chic and memorable experience!
It is just a few blocks away from Washington Square Park, in a very homey-block with just enough foot traffic. My best friend and I decided to change it up from our Midtown usuals, and trek downtown to Amelie for their praised $10 flights. The flight includes 3 "glasses" of any of their white, red, and rose (I put the word "glasses" in air quotations because I think the wine glasses that accompany the flight is a bit shy of the standard size that I am accustomed to). The waiter simply plops down 3 wine glasses in front of you, so the presentation is a lacking, but their wine selection is relatively extensive. We also started off with both of their Happy Hour appetizers- the escargot and the goat cheese ball. Both were outstanding but obviously were not filling, considering that we both were famished from a hard day's worth of work! It is a great ambiance for almost anything. And the service is outstanding. And if I am not mistaken, all the waiters speak French! I will go to Amelie again to enjoy their $10 flight Happy Hour. And did I mention, that their happy hour lasts until 7PM! That is hard to come by, especially at a wine bar!
Went there this week. On a Monday night. at 7 pm the place was packed already. The food was amazing, especially for the price they charge. The waiter/host was attentive and pleasant. I would definitely go back to that little cute place.
Was in the hood looking for coffee but ending up coming in here for some wine instead. Very friendly and knowledgable staff and really enjoyed my wine they recommended. They're very French in a good way. Would definitely come back and like to try the food here.
I had a wonderful experience at Your Business. The service was excellent and the food was amazing. I'm definitely going to come back here with my friends. Try the cappuccino latte extreme. Best coffee in town.
Great food and service. The waiter was friendly but not intrusive. We never felt rushed but the service was there when we wanted it. The food was authentic French fare, well put together. And the music was relaxed and not too loud. They also have a $10 wine flight (it gives you the opportunity to try 3 different wines) and they are generous with how much wine you get in each glass. Overall a pleasant surprise and a relaxed enjoyable meal. As the great man says, I'll be back.
As far as wine bars go, this place is excellent and has got your after-work-stress-relief covered. I came here with a friend and we were served generous glasses from their happy hour wine selection ($6 ea). The much touted pistachio goat cheese was also on the happy hour menu so we didn't hesitate to try it. Honey and goat cheese is always a great combination but I wish the crostinis were a little softer...the bread was super hard and difficult to break off. We then ordered the Amelie Salad and Gratin De Ravioles Du Royans because we were in the mood for truffle oil everythinggg and happily satisfied with our choices. Definitely left feeling full, tipsy and prettty happy. Great for girl talk, dates, and a boozy meal.
amazing happy hour, knowledgeable staff, very tasty food. this is a great place to bring a date however be warned that seating can be rather close and you get a bit intimate with neighboring tables.   Regardless, would certainly come back again and again.
Loved it... Like being in France! Escargot not oily, wonderful cheese plate and happy hour and desserts were heaven.
Top quality French cuisine. I tried to come here before but I couldn't get a table, they always seem very busy whenever I walk past. Fairly expensive, but totally worth it. I only had an entree; pork with apple and a salad. Great combination of flavours, and beautifully presented, the portion was a really good size too, which I appreciate, especially when paying a lot for a meal. My friends had duck, and a goats cheese appetizer, both of which were polished off. The only down side to this restaurant is premises. The room is long and thin, and feels very cramped. It was very loud too, which isn't the fault of the establishment, but is worth pointing out. The waiters are actually French, which I always appreciate too!
Great selection of wines by the glass, with generous pours.   The Juan Gil monastrell (Spain) and Eruption Volcanic Ridge Grenache/Syrah from Napa were both really nice.   Bartender was super friendly too.
I was a little late for my reservation, but they were very accommodating in getting us a table. My friend and I both ordered a flight of white wines and escargot. The flight was a good way to sample a variety of wines without breaking the bank! The escargot was delicious and tender and the sauce was not overly garlicky (no garlic breath!). However, the small slices of bread that came with it were extremely hard. That was the only thing I didn't like. Our waiter was super nice and joked around with us. I would definitely come back!
Amelie is awesome. I wish I lived in NYC or visited more often so that I could come here more. The service was great, wine was delicious and flowing, and appetizers were perfect. It seemed like the perfect place to catch up with a good friend, which was exactly what me and an old college friend decided to do when I was in Manhattan last week. Happy hours is apparently the thing to visit Amelie for, which is between 4-7pm (I think).  The specials are amazing: $10 for any 3 flights of wine on the menu. They really do offer an EXTENSIVE list of of wines by the glass, pages full of wine! The appetizers are also a great deal for price and quality. Between the two of us, we shared 4 flights of wine and a chicken liver mousse appetizer. We choose 2 flights of whites and 2 flights of reds, with variations in nationality and level of tanins. Our bartender was funny and definitely knew his wines considering that he knew the entire wine list backwards and forwards! His recommendations definitely met our liking and paired well with our liver mousse, which was DELICIOUS! I really like liver, duck or chicken, you name it. It doesn't even have to be foie gras. The live mousse, here, was well seasoned, fragrant and buttery. I loved that they paired it with a small ramekin of whole grain mustard and mini pickled cucumbers. Both had enough acidity to cut through the oils of the liver. The chefs definitely pay a lot of detail to their food. The venue was classy, although not pretentious, giving it an authentic french feel to the restaurant. I appreciated that the bathroom was kept very clean and spacious. On top of that, the conversation and energy was definitely flowing. Waiters and bartenders were kind and treated happy hour guests to the same level as dining guests. Overall, the restaurant's attention to detail and service was superb and made it a phenomenal experience. Anyways, great restaurant. I wish we didn't have to leave or else we would have followed happy hour with dinner at Amelie. Looking forward to coming back on my next trip to NYC!
The meal was great. We went for out second time on valentines day and it was the perfect decision. The staff is absolutely great and very knowledgable. Everything was cooked to perfection and the staff was able to recommend the perfect wine to complement the meal. Remember you must get desert! ...the banana creme brûlée is amazing. Prices were a little high but you do get large portions of great food ... Not to mention you are in the village. Bon appetite!
This was my third time going to Amelie. I have been pleased with the experience every time. Despite their AC being broken, we enjoyed apps and entrees with a few rounds of drinks. The atmosphere is also very unique and keeps me coming back!
Came here for dinner last night.  I'm not the biggest fan of French cuisine but this place was impressive.  The best part was the the bacon wrapped dates and prosciutto wrapped blue cheese appetizer because... well... bacon or prosciutto wrapped anything is pretty much a slam dunk!  The food was excellent and the wait staff was even better because they act like actual human beings who laugh and converse with you instead of being food serving telephone poles.   This place would get five stars but the whole modern red light district thing they got going on just didn't do it for me.  Nevertheless I will be back for the food and the people.
a modern french wine bar with good food at a reasonable price. came here on a friday night at 6:45. we had reservations and was seated immediately. because of their great happy hour, the place was PACKED. not exactly what i expected to be french wine bar. i guess i thought it would feel more.. french? but this place did not disappoint. we did 2 FLIGHTS (5-7pm) - 3 glasses of any wine for $10!!! that alone made me happy. had a syrah, cab, and rosé to eat, we started with a warm pistachio goat cheese ball with honey and caramalized onions on toasted baguette. (i'm typically not a fan of goat cheese, but this was AMAZING. sweet, salty, crunchy, rich but lots of textures) then had the steamed mussels in white wine. a pretty typical dish that lots of restaurants have but their broth was fantastic with their bag of bread. (yes, bread comes in a potato sack - like bag) it had more cream and butter than most mussel dishes i've had, which sounds about right for a french place. for main, we had the duck confit. a large leg of the duck with crisp, fat skin with sliced fingerling potatoes, sauteed onions and frisee salad and mushrooms. it was good. typically, i order duck confit and i'm never full but this satisfied. also had the pork medallions with roasted apple, frisee salad and a butter apple cider vinegar sauce. the pork here was overcooked but the sauce and combination of flavor was not bad. ended with a warm chocolate cake. i've had better, but this satisfied. overall, the food was good. not amazing but with a couple glasses of wine, the experience as a whole was awesome. i will definitely be back for alcohol, pistachio goat cheese ball, mussels and duck!
Came here yesterday to meet a date for a glass of wine.  The waiter suggested the three wines for $10.  Great choices, super welcoming place, I will be back soon to taste the food items and try some of the other wines.
I love wine and cheese and Frenchy things. This is a perfect place for date night. Their happy hour wine flights are $12 for 3 wines now. But still a generous pour! I loved everything we had here. foie gras, salmon tartare, and best thing was the cheese and charcuterie! I made a reservation but the place was mostly empty when we got there. It filled up quickly though, and when we were almost done with our meal we were elbow-to-elbow with the people next to us. Good thing we were leaving anyway. Friendly service too!
I went here for my birthday and was not disappointed at all.  It was a really memorable experience that filled me with joy, food, and wine!   The service was AMAZING.  The two French dudes were charming and a bit flirtatious.  Not to sound like a dork, but they did remind of Lumiere and Cogsworth.  (Disney fans know what I'm talking about)  When the server brought out my cake with the candle, I was relieved that no one sang happy birthday.  I usually find it embarrassing.  When "Lumiere" saw that the candle was out he immediately got all his friends to sing to me in their jolly (and perhaps slightly drunken) French voices.  It was so cute! We got an assortment of appetizers, sides, and desserts.  The wine kept coming too.  The ambiance was lovely.  Can't wait to bring more of my friends here!
Same owners, same decor and same delicious vin magnifique as the Amelie in the Russian Hill neighborhood of San Francisco.  Even some of the French bartenders are the same. There are also pluses on top of this: the space is bigger, there are fun cocktails (with booze!) on the menu and there is an amazingly affordable happy hour. The vibe and service here is very friendly which is always appreciated in this town.  My bf and I were very sad to learn that Centro Vinoteco closed on our venture out last night- Amelie might just have to be our new downtown after dinner go to. A la votre!
Phenomenal place to enjoy some good quality wine. First time here was absolutely amazing. We each had a wine flight , we created our own and tried one of the menu cleverly named after the owner and staff. I ordered the steak tartare and the mussels , both were divine. I'm partial to montepulciano but after having is amazing Cabernet recommended by Jacques it has become my new favorite. The atmosphere is very romantic and definitely a spot everyone must try. Even if you arent an avid wine drinker, the food is delicious. Go , because you and your taste buds will not regret it! I for sure will certainly  be back. Expérience Incroyable!
Impeccable service.The staff are all very pleasant and know what they are talking about. Our waiter was really sweet, recommended amazing wines & chesse spreads that were fantastic. Glad my friend & I got there for the happy hour Flights..... Let's just say I flew away :) and dinner was marvelous.
It's the sibling to our San Francisco Amelie ! How well this place fits into Greenwich Village. Amelie has California "savoir-faire", the new location is beautifully done, a true secondary home for the weary bi-costal travelers. The service was topnotch, attentive and worth of a 4 stars restaurant!  We had a great time, and kept ordering the charcuterie plate, the stuffed dates, the customized salads at request for the finicky eater, the rumsteak, the plateau de fromages. The chef is very accommodating, he even made us some fresh berries ricotta cheese dessert drizzled with honey and nuts which wasn't on the menu. What a way to end your day! The wine flight sampler as our friend pointed out is a great choice for bringing in first time dates or ...spouses. We look forward to our next trip in sampling more wine and the promised Mediterranean vegetarian plate. Congratulations to Samie, Germain, Olivier and Morgan etc al. for creating this "deuxieme enfant" and we look forward to more little ones.
Had a 7:45 reservation, seated immediately. Unfortunately, no one came to our table for about 10 minutes. The host noticed this and took our drink order. After about another ten minutes, I flagged a guy down and asked if he was our waiter and he said no, but that he would take care of us. Our food was delicious and the cheese the waiter recommended was some of the best I've had. Even though the night began rocky, I was happy overall with the food and wine at Amelie.
Came here for dinner after having a disappointed lunch at Spice Market. Called and made a reservation. Got there a few min early but they didnt seat us till after our reservation even though the table they sat us at was empty the whole time. It wasnt too busy but we arrived at the right time because after we got settled in, they started to get super packed. Music was awesome. I remember hearing Souls of Mischief - 93 till infinity and thinking, wow, they play this here?? Anyway back to the restaurant. Small table, a bit uncomfortable. Service was good. We werent that hungry because we had a huge disappointing lunch, but we just wanted to try this place out and hopefully taste something good. Decided on the escargot, mussels, Salmon salad, the duck leg, and a side of fries. First came the escargot. I usually like them in the shell so i can pick em myself, but they were delicious. Salmon salad was great, exceeded my expectations. Fries . .  . . ehhh whatever. Duck leg, it was the first time ive ordered it in a french restaurant and it was great. Super tender and very flavorful. The most memorable dish was the Mussels, they were the best. The sauce was addicting like they sprinkled crack in it. JK, i dont know what crack feels or tastes like, but it was pretty amazing. I was full but i couldn't get enough of it. I would definitely come back as the food was great! If you like Mussels, you gotta try them here!
Great place. Delicious cheeses, delicious Malbec, delicious meat cuts & tartars (steak & salmon). Small  tables, but you're eating small plates. We ended up going here because it is open late & takes reservations. Service was more typical of Europe than the US, but that's ok if you're ok with that. The staff also speaks French.
I took my best friend here on her last night out as a single lady. We both looked stunned when our waiter actually spoke French. I don't know why, it's a French restaurants but we'd been drinking elsewhere so I think we both couldn't believe our ears. I was pleased to find some fun flights of wine on the menu and we had a flatbread to split. It was delicious. Service was great and the place was obviously the spot to be. Overall, great menu, great wine and great atmosphere. I'd definitely go back.
Amazing!! Must have's are the muscles and the escargot!!!  Fantastic wine, friendly service and we never felt rushed.  I can't wait to come back.  Love, love, love it here. xoxo
great food great service
Fabulous place to just sit and enjoy delicious, quality wine. I popped in here on a Saturday with one of my best friends, and we automatically loved the environment of the place. We both tried a $12 flight each - with 3 wine choices (ours were both 1 white, 1 red and 1 sparkling). The staff were very attentive, and great to chat with. Even the bathrooms are absolutely gorgeous! I would come here everyday to try each wine, if I could. I highly recommend it for a girls night out, a dinner date, or just for you and a friend to chew the fat with some excellent drinks.
For those days when you are ready to depart from the norm of beer & generic house wine for happy hour, this gem is ready to wow you. On weekdays until 7pm, they offer world-class wine flights for $10 (choice of three from the ENTIRE, impressive wine list), select wine glasses for $6, and specialty appetizers for $6. I started with one of their staff picks for wine flights, the Olivier. It has a balanced Rosé, a tart white, and an earthy red. Great tasting experience and a well-arranged flavor profile. For appetizers, I expected a sliced baguette and butter for the modest $6 - but I got a DELICIOUS crusted ball of goat cheese, on a bed of caramelized onions and honey. WOW - it was a dish to remember. The space was lively, clean, and beautifully decorated. The staff genuinely enjoys their craft, loves their own offerings, and are all French-speakers. Definitely coming back! More details and pics at: bigapplebytes.weebly.com…
Great happy hour deals & awesome servers. Visited recently during happy hour and left satisfied and buzzed. Will return!
I love this place but my last visit was very very disappointing. We went there with my family for the Beujolais night. As usual the atmosphere was very nice and we had a nice table at the windows. But then came our waiter Jonathan and then everything went wrong. First the guy smelled the alcohol so bad !!!!We are open minded and usually we wouldn't pay attention but the guy was so lost. We had to repeat our order 3 times and still he came back because he forgot half of the order. And it was like that all night !!! We had to call one of the bartender or another waiter to help us to order more wine.It's true the place was packed but still... My mum was very disappointed and won't come back for sure. Me....I'll give it one more chance but without this waiter. I have to say anyway that the food was very good as usual
Delicious food, impeccable service, terrific wine. One of my favorite spots in the city.
I rarely write reviews anymore but Amelia deserves the great review. We had a reservation for 5 and from the moment we arrived we were treated with such great care. The host could not have been more charming and introduced us to the bartender telling him he must take good care of us. And he did! We had such a fabulous time and the goat cheese appetizer with caramelized onions was so good we got two orders! Such a great find!
My husband and I had such a wonderful meal here.  We came here on a Saturday night and they were very crowded and did not have space for us immediately, but they made us feel welcome and promised they would seat us soon.  After a short 10 minute wait, we had a table.  The place is very small and narrow so I wouldn't recommend coming here with a group, but it's great for an intimate date.  We decided to share a couple things and got the goat cheese balls, portobello flat bread, salmon tartare, and one of their cheeses.  Everything is served with lots of bread, and the single cheese came with dried fruits, honey, and homemade pear jam.  It was more than enough food for the two of us, and everything was delicious.  I would definitely recommend coming here, for happy hour or otherwise.
Great atmosphere, great service, great wine selection. If you're not drinking wine, you're at the wrong place. It's a wine bar for a reason. I've only gone for brunch a couple of times, which doesn't get insanely crowded. I've seen it during dinner/after hours and it gets PACKED, so just an FYI. I enjoyed the apps - charcuterie, foie gras au torchon, chicken liver mousse. Wasn't wowed by the entrees. But, again, enjoyed the wine. I'd come here just for the apps and wine.
Cute little space typical of Greenwich with great food (reasonably priced), great service and GREAT wine! bartender has a heavy hand so more bang for your buck!
Simply put, it is the best place for a night out after work, or a date night with the SO.  Amèlie simply tops the list for anything you might want to look for in a favorite wine bar.  If you know of any that's better, drop me a line, b/c i haven't found one yet! I've been there several times, when I venture into the Village.  It is sleek, modern, chic, with an interesting French twist and mostly importantly, very homely. Happier Hour (5-7pm) is the catchphrase for all things wine here during happy hour. For $10, you choose from a flight of three generous wine pours and a complimentary sack of bread to start you off (if you order food). $6 by the glass. Quite affordable while being high quality. Two factors that are difficult to achieve in NYC, and for that matter, West Village.  If dining here isn't your thing or you have plans elsewhere, nobody will judge, the staff are perfectly cool with any direction you go You're treated with as much care if you were there for five minutes or five hours. They will still gladly fill you up with yummy French bread until you explode. What goes well with the sacks and sacks of bread, you ask?  Anything... from the wine, escargot, fromage, charcuterie, mussels, soups, salads. I've tried them all and you really can't go wrong. Alas we have but one stomach to enjoy this wonderful bounty... I will return any chance I get when my plans take me to the Village.
This place was great - we had a group of 8 girls for a birthday party and they were very accommodating to our group!  Drinks were strong, ambiance was cute.  The only negative I could say is that the place is pretty small, but other than that I would highly recommend!
Great happy hour - awesome vibe with the live jazz. Pistachio goat cheese ball and a wine flight is a great way to enjoy a few hours.
In an effort to plan a "Paris-in-NY" date I searched around to find an authentic Parisean restaurant that offered simple,  and inexpensive dishes native to France, Amélie was the first to come up on my search engine. I called a week in advance to request for a waiter who had an authentic French accent (I know, totally cheesy, much like my boyfriend's entree). We got in around 5:30 on a Saturday,  and it started filling up around 7PM. We started with the fois gras w. poached pear, charcuterie,  and the Joan flight wines. And for our entrees we shared the salmon tartare and mini cheese ravioli gratin (or something like that), and an artichoke crostini. The duck pate from the charcuterie with the freshly baked baguette and mustard seed relish was moment-of-silence- good. Fois gras was a great amount of fatty, the salmon was fresh and the wines were inexpensive.   In line with all the reviews here, the wait staff are more than welcoming and I can't wait to be back for happy hour.
Have to say, I really like this place.  The wine list is reasonably priced and consistently good, and the food is good wine bar fare. Great, unpretentious little spot.
Delicious wines, real French cheese, charming waiters, and a sexy red vibe.  This place is happening.
Great food/ awesome service!
Just outstanding. Amazing service, fantastic wines, and great ambience. Try the goat cheese ball, with confit onions, it'll change your life. Wine flights on Happy Hour are $10, and a great way to discover new wines! Highly recommend.. Only wish we would have found this place the first night we were here! :( See you next time we're in New York, Amelie!
This place is so cute. Prices are very fair. The food is delicious. That goat cheese...mmm. The wine flights are an amazing deal and a great way to expand your wine repertoire without having to invest too heavily in anything. I discovered an amazing red from Mallorca that I would never have otherwise tried. It was recommended by one of the two absolutely WONDERFUL waiters we had that night. I felt like I made two new friends by the end of the night. This place takes care of you and there is no air of pretentiousness at all. Just a great, great spot for wine & food in a lovely atmosphere.
Great happy hour & cheese plate, very good price for the wine flight ($12). I'd definitely come back for more.
Came here as a last minute decision one night for a friend's birthday. Couldn't have made a better decision! Stayed until they were closing (never done that before!) Small, quaint place. QUATIN is New Yorker talk for bit of a tight squeeze. However, most places out there (Greenwich Village esp) are very cramped, so VIBE - Trip hop, lounge, electronica (not the EDM stuff)... helps to create a nice ambiance. Dimly lit, mismatched - def. has its own character! WINE - Decently priced,  good selection. FOOD - We came after dinner, and had just the cheese pate (Goat cheese, roquefort, brie - yum!!) They serve bread in this cute potato sack. SERVICE - Was so attentive. The waiters are quick, polite, and charming. Close your eyes and it's almost like you're in France. Highly recommended for a romantic or platonic date, or for a small group (4-6 people)
I have been particularly into wine bars these days, especially those with good food, and a good atmosphere. I went to Amelie with Lena, my first roommate in NYC in 2010, and admired foodie. She choose this restaurant, which ended up being perfect for catching up over wine, and indulging in great food after a long day. Amelie is a French winebar on 8th and 5th Ave, with happy hour everyday until 7, offering wine flights -- 3 glasses for $10. An unbelievable deal, that is quite unbeatable in this city. The selection is vast, and the waiter offered several recommendations. I was still a bit overwhelmed by all the options, so I chose which 3 types of wine I wanted (Cabernet, Pinot Nior and Malbec) and he choose his favorites, all of which I loved. Along with their happy hour special, they also offer two appetizers from their dinner menu, half priced and delicious. We ordered both: The pistachio crusted goat cheese ball served with honey and a french onion marmalade, and escargots gratinée, in a garlic parsley sauce. The goat cheese is served warm, fresh out of the oven, perfectly spreadable for the warm bread that accompanies it. The pistachio crust adds a lovely earthiness, and the honey and onion marmalade contribute bold flavors and a sweetness, that enrich the creamy, tangy flavors of the goat cheese. The escargot was also great-- fresh, not too chewy, and baked in a buttery, garlic parsley sauce. I was already impressed with Amelie, and furthermore so when we got the mussels; Steamed and served in a chardonnay, creme fraiche sauce, with lots of fresh leeks, celery and garlic. It was one of the best mussel dishes I have had in NY, comparable to my favorites at Flex Mussels, Tabare and Cafe Mogador. The broth was flavorful, slightly creamy, and I loved the added, fresh crunch from the leeks and celery. Amelie was packed on a Wednesday night, but they do take reservations, which I recommend. They were slightly understaffed, but the two servers working overcompensated and were adorably apologetic with their cute French accents and sense of urgency. We also received a complimentary dessert because they felt the service wasn't up to their standards; A gorgeous vanilla bean crème brulée, topped with caramelized sliced bananas and a sliced strawberry. Overall, two thumbs up! Can't wait to go back to Amelie for their happy hour and to try some of their other enticing menu items. They also offer an impressive cheese list and charcuteries. Other menu highlights I can't wait to try: *Baked blue cheese stuffed dates wrapped with prosciutto and diced pear *Hand cut steak tartare with shallots, capers, cornichons, harissa sauce, quail egg, and a toasted baguette *Tuna tartar, avocado, black sesame seeds, lemon zest, shallots and pickle ginger sauce with sweet potato chips *Flatbread with portabella mushrooms, arugula, caramelized onions, roasted tomatoes and shaved parmesan *French onion soup gratinée *Amélie Salad: Romaine, raddichio, endive, asparagus, haricots verts, frisée, radish, shaved fennel, avocado and pecorino with truffle oil vinaigrette *Roasted red beets salad endives, leeks, walnuts and Roquefort with mustard dressing *Roasted duck leg confit with sautéed wild mushrooms and fingerling potatoes, topped with frisée *Filet mignon served with caramelized cipollini onions, fingerling potatoes, string beans, mushrooms, carrots and a red wine sauce *Pan-roasted Pork medallions served over garlic-mashed potatoes and topped with a whole grain mustard, grape, onion and white wine sauce
Wow? That about sums up our experience here from the service to the food. I ran extremely late to meet a friend for dinner and some drinks. By the time I made my way over basically groveling for forgiveness, my friend had made friends and appeared quite a bit at home with phone charging and a glass of wine in hand chatting away content as ever. I walked into a standing ovation to finally appearing after my debacle of a start for the night they'd apparently heard all about by this point. The food, unsure of what to expect and just happy to finally even be there, I was impressed. The mussels, flatbread, octopus salad and duck confit? Dinner over drinks ended up lasting a total of 5 hours. Never once were we rushed and they tended to us as if we'd been going there for years. This place will surely be a regular dinner spot for me going forward and a place to recommend to anyone looking for a nice, cozy place with exceptional service and food good enough for wow-able praise.
The duck was excellent. Two out of three cheeses were superb. Bread crispy crust and fresh. Fun cocktail and friendly service from all the young gentlemen working there. A great experience.
I came here on a sunday evening to further unwind my weekend over drinks w J, and I made it an hour before their happy hour ended, It's definately a cute small place in the greenwich village w limited dining areas enough to accomondate a small group.  I actually walked passed by without noticing. Once i managed to make a u turn and made it to the bar, I love the cozy ambiance w dimmed lightings, friendly bartender who recommended a wine without having me going thru the menu, as I was sipping and enjoying it, I decided to try tempranillo which is on the happy hour menu for the second round, I fell in love w it immediately, sadly they ran out after I was ready for my third glass! so the bartender poured us one similar to it which it was ok. they also offer flights for tasting. We were able to carry our conversation easily and still enjoy the music playing on the background,  later that night, there was a live jazz band playing by the door which was quite entertaining.  I did not try their food that evening, but I left quite happy.
Went here with my family on a Saturday night, and had a wonderful experience. We started out with the platter with a choice of three cheeses or meats for $18. We got one cow cheese, one goat cheese, and prosciutto. We went with the cheeses that were the waiter's recommendations because we had no idea which ones were best. The platter was great. It came with various jams, honey, walnuts, grapes, etc. Everyone in my family greatly enjoyed their entrees. I had the ravioli, which was delicious. When it first came, I was thinking that it looked really small. But it was so rich that it was very filling. The waiters were all very friendly and would chat with us when they stopped by our table. The only thing is that there were very few of them. So, they all had to wait on a lot of tables, which led to some delays (such as when we needed more bread for our cheese). Overall, I had a wonderful experience here and would highly recommend it to anyone for a family dinner, date, or nice girls night.
Really great atmosphere and delicious high quality French cuisine. The interior is modern and cozy. It can get a bit loud for intimate conversations around dinnertime, perhaps brunch would be a better time if you want a quieter atmosphere. At the end, the waiter brought our check inside a little French book, thought that was creative!
Best birthday dinner ever! Wonderful steak, in fact the best I've ever had. My husband's duck was perfect - he just wished there was more of it! The wine pairings recommended by the waiter were perfect. There were two other birthdays at the tables right next to us that got dessert for free, but we didn't want them to think we were scamming them so we didn't mention mine. Run to this restaurant - cool ambiance, huge wine and liquor selection, and a great late night spot after a show.
I don't even care that the waiter spilled* wine on me, THAT is how good the happy hour is here. The wine flights are perfect at $10 until 7. And the regular glasses of wine are gigantic. Like, could fit my fist inside the cup, gigantic. But the star of happy hour was the pistachio-crusted goat cheese with caramelized onions, honey, and an adorable burlap sack o' toasts. I would recommend reservations or arriving before 5:30. *It was not the first time that dress had met wine. And it shan't be the last. Also, the bar has a Tide stain pen.
OCCASION: Roomie birthday celebration!  We wanted to find somewhere in our new neighborhood, and this is a spot we've all walked by a few times and wanted to try.  I also love the movie Amelie: ). AMBIANCE: Casual Chic - love the decor, lighting, colors (red is one of my favorite colors: ).  The staff is super sweet - I got two besos as soon as I walked in, just like being in Europe again - and they were very warm and welcoming.  It's a good spot for a date as well - intimate and comfortable to talk.  We sat right by the window. ORDER: We ordered wine + a few small dishes to share, which was just enough for us 4 girls! *Drink - NEIN LIVES: I wanted something more sweet and summery, and the waiter recommended this one.  It has the cutest label!  I actually bought this at the wine shop down the street a few days prior for a friend's BBQ, so I was excited to try.  Really good, I'd have it again (but maybe just buy it from the shop - it was only $15 vs. $36 in the restaurant). *Food: 1. CHEESE + CHARCUTERIE PLATE (Pick 3 - $18): Cabot, Manchego, Duck Breast + crisp, warm bread, homemade pear jam, mustard, caramelized onions, candied nuts, dried fruit - love the cheese, and everything worked so well together.  Fun to make different sweet and savory combos as well. 2. WARM PISTACHIO CRUSTED GOAT CHEESE BALL with honey, confiture d'oignons and toasts ($9): Good, but I couldn't find the honey until the end (it's on the bottom!). 3. BAKED CABRALES BLUE CHEESE STUFFED MEDJOOL DATES WRAPPED WITH PROSCIUTTO + DICED PEAR ($10) - YES, for sure get this one!  The pear offers a nice, sweet balance to the more hearty prosciutto wrapped dates, and together = it is divine. 4. MUSHROOM FLATBREAD ($14) - This was so-so to me, I got more lettuce and tomato than mushroom and crust. 5. DUCK RILLETES - Basically duck pate, very nice flavor and was so good spread on the warm bread. 6. CREME BRULEE - One of my fave desserts in general, and they added an interesting twist I've never had before: bananas.  Liked alot, especially the staff singing happy birthday to us: ) OTHER: *Reservations - Easy to make via OpenTable, but may not be needed, at least on a weeknight. *Happy Hour - $10 flights or $6 per glass of wine from 5-7pm. For another day: ) *Brunch - Also looks amazing! *Prices - Reasonable.  Came out to about $30-40pp. *Lighting - Check out the bottle lights on the wall.  Love the fixture over the bar too! RECO: This spot makes me love my new street even more.  Good for any occasion, look forward to going back.  Enjoy! [facebook.com/nychar | instagram.com/nycharlene]
Not much other to say than 5 stars. Incredible food. Great service. Will definitely be back.
This is my new favorite wine bar in the city! I was looking for a fun place for happy hour and happened upon Amelie. We arrived around 545 and the place was PACKED. Luckily, we got one of the last tables available. They have a great happy hour special - $10 for a flight of wine and discounts appetizers. You can choose from a list of pre-selected flights or you can create your own. I recommend going with their selections! We got the pistachio goat cheese ball with caramelized onions and honey. Oh my god it was amazing! They give you a basket of crusty bread to go with it too! We also got a few of the crostinis but the star of the meal was definitely the goat cheese. I can't wait to go back for happy hour again!
Amazing! Magnificent! Delicious food and comfortable atmosphere. The staff is attentive and serve fast. It is not cheap but still perfect to make a holiday for stomack! P.S. Try escargots!
I called ahead of time to make a reservation because Open Table would not allow me to make a reservation during happy hour (5-7 everyday even weekends!). I arrived to a packed place but  this was expected. After all it was 6 pm on a beautiful Saturday afternoon. I arrived with only half of my party and was seated in a fair amount of time. I thoroughly enjoyed my food and wine selections, the ambiance and the  the cute touches like the petite bread sac and the books they give the receipt in. However, what I did not appreciate was the lag between our arrival and our orders being taken. We were seated at 6:15 and no one took our orders until 6:48. I really would have liked to try more happy hour priced wine flights but due to the slowness of the waiter I could only order one. Even when the number of patrons had dwindled down the staff seemed distracted and unattentive. At least twice I remember us flagging someone down to place another order. SMH. This was truly disappointing in light of the fact that I heard so much about their customer service.
Amelie, Amelie all the way! The ambience quite sets in the mood. Really love the concept of ' wine flight', certainly coming here again
My experience was just OK. We had the $10 flight happy hour, it was fine and so were some of the apps. Our server was nice and helpful but I'm not sure I'd come back. It was noisy and cramped and I wasn't feeling the vibe, a mix of after workers and people who want to be seen.
Nice selection of wines and the $10.00 wine flight is a great deal. Nice pours, friendly staff. I wil return.
A friend and I came here for glasses of wine and a shared charcuterie platter last night, and it was A-OK! Since there was no room left at the bar, we sat at a table for two behind the service stand. We each started out with glasses of the Argentinean Malbec, which weren't among the best that I have had. Also, the glasses themselves were grossly large, and unsightly at that. The charcuterie platter was well-presented, and in addition to the two cheeses (one of which was manchego), and the sopressata that we ordered, was adorned with sweet pickles, dijon, onions, candied walnuts, dried figs, dates, and apricots- and red grapes.The cheeses were delicious, and while the sopressata could have been better, wasn't bad. The ambiance was a bit too awkwardly racy, though, and the music was almost too loud. A pair of customers who were seated next to us even opted to move, due to the volume. However, I wouldn't be against giving it another try- perhaps during happy hour to sample a flight trio- and some of their cooked food, which looked good.
The food was really good. The service was super nice as well Good place to hang out with friends. Reservation is required unless you want to wait forever.
Great wine selection, and the staff is very friendly and knowledgable about the wines.  The decor is a little odd, but it is a fun spot to hang out and get drinks with girlfriends!
I took my girlfriend here for one of our anniversary weekend days, I believe it was 10/27, a beautiful Sunday night and really looking forward to coming here because of the stellar reviews. Now the place has an extremely friendly staff and is clean but it's soooo small. We sat down for happy hour, the plan was to enjoy the happy hour and afterwards have dinner in their dining room, OMG I've never seen smaller 2 tops in my life and they're so close together that in order to get up you would have to literally put your butt in someone's face as their eating or drinking to go to the bathroom, it's CRAZY. I decided to move to the bar where we had more room but not exactly where I wanted to sit for our anniversary. I was a little irritated at this point and wanted to leave and find another place but my girl said, "It's fine at the bar."  So we stayed.         We then proceeded to order the flight of 3 wines for $12. Honestly you would be better off ordering the glass for $6 because all the while you're enjoying one glass the others are heating up just sitting there, also ask for a regular sized wine glass because if you don't it'll come in a tiny wine glass.         For the food we stuck to small plates, we had the goat cheese ball, it was ok nothing earth shattering. The 2nd thing we ordered were the Blue Point Oysters at $2 a pop they were so good and fresh we ordered 14. YUM. Anyway, then we had the mussels with a white wine sauce on the recommendation from our bartender Jack (Very friendly guy by the way.) The mussels were a little small, plus didn't taste very fresh but passable. The white wine broth was excellent though,especially with the bag of bread they give you, so much so that we ate two bags of bread because the sauce was that good. It made me so happy every time I took a bite. When I asked for the check they brought us out a dessert for our anniversary which was a very nice surprise.     The place has a modern look and very friendly staff but I can't really recommend it for an anniversary it's just too small. I would say it's good for friends and maybe a 3rd or 4th date. Try to come at night, it becomes more intimate. I would give the place a 3.5 but can't on Yelp. Not sure if I would trek from NJ again, but if in the area maybe. Hope this helps.
I picked this place last night as a meeting spot with my childhood friend's best friend who was visiting from Marseille. We got there early.... like 6:35pm on a Saturday (I feel old - LOL) and we had the Syrah/Merlot rosé.... that was nice and chilled and a little sweet but not too much - it was pretty good. We shared the pate de foie as an appetizer - they brought tons of bread with it, but I have to say that the pate tasted like canned... we had half of it and it wasn't huge to begin with... I had the salmon as an entree - perfect - she had the ravioli gratin and that was awful - don't get that! We had a glass of the Mendoza Argentina Malbec for dinner - that was nice too - - the bill came out to $100 - not bad... I would come back to the place - I got to speak french with the waiters - that's always nice to practice the language I grew up speaking... and they didn't rush us out either...
This place is tiiiiiiiiiiight. Nubby high tables jutting from the wall for two-person conversations? Wicked smart.
Perfection. Why do I say this? Let me list it for you (weekend dinner review): - All the food was superb. From the morsels of escargot and flavorfully cooked mussels to the delicately grilled octopus on a salad and special-of-the-day soft and delectable skate. Nothing was a disappointment. - The French accent. - Wine selection. We were celebrating so we chose a sweet German riesling that came it huge wine glasses that were as big as our faces. (Note: Wine fills less than half of it.) - I told the waiter it was a birthday and he surprised the birthday girl with an amazing banana creme brule. AND THEN whisper-sang happy birthday in French. - If you turn your head with an inquisitive look, one of many waiters will run over and ask what you need. - Cute additions. Like the check that comes in a French book. Or the bread that comes in a mini burlap sack. - The French accent. Notes: - The place is very small and the tables are a bit cramped - better for pairs and only one large table for a group. Make reservations. - Ask the waiters which wines pair well with your food. - They call you to confirm your dinner reservation just a few hours before you're supposed to come in. - Decor is not really French feel... more so modern that may take you off guard. - Next time I will try the praised wine flights and/or Charcuterie/cheese.
This is the perfect little gem if you are looking to have some wine and great food. Lots of wine selection with awesome happy hour specials. The escargot is to die for. The duck is delicious as well. Perfect portions. Super cute place with excellent service and very knowledgeable staff. Can't wait to go back!
I'm going to hold off on more stars until i come again. Very friendly and French speaking service. Great soundtrack! Started with a varied cheese plate, with honey and pear jam accompaniment. Trout salad was very tasty as were the mussels. Those items worked as my dinner. Energetic crowd, very happy 8 st has a place like this. MOre extensive review after next visit.
Just go. Found this place based on its high Yelp reviews and decided to give it a try. Place did not disappoint on any level. Only downside: chairs and tables are tiny. Even for us Asian gals. We made a reservation. They were busy as hell but we didn't have to wait cuz of the reso! Yay. We had their steak tartare, foie gras, pork and steak au poivre. All delicious.
I just recently went to Amelie again and it did not disappoint at all. My friend and I were seated within ten minutes without any reservations. The staff is very friendly, attentive and absolutely good-looking. For my entree, I had the "Roasted duck leg confit with sautéed wild mushrooms and fingerling potatoes topped with frisée," and for dessert, "Valrhona chocolate fondant" and I simply loved it. The duck was cooked to perfection, soft and delicious. As for the chocolate fondant, it was amazing (must must try). Also, this time I paid more attention to the music selection, and it was awesome. It's a perfect date spot, but enjoying friends company here is great too. This place is small, so make sure you go on a slow night and enjoy your time here.
Definitely a place worth going to.  Everything was fabulous, especially the happy hour.  The food was delicious, service was fantastic and the ambiance was perfect!  This will be a regular place.
Fantastic wine bar. Came here on a Wednesday afternoon when the place was empty, maybe at 4PM, and the place was a live and buzzing by 6. The wine selection is great and the service team is knowledgeable, attentive, and friendly. We sampled a few glasses of wine before settling a bottle. The place ambiance is very nice once the sunsets and dimly lit place comes to life. It can be a bit loud, but that is ok. Place gets crowded and it's annoying when people are literally right on top of you. They should implement some rules about standing room....
We enjoyed dinner at Amelie. The $10 flight (before 7pm?) lets you choose any 3 wines from their wine list (of those available by the glass). This is a great opportunity to try lots of things, but of course you risk getting some duds too. I had the Duck Confit, which was competently prepared and presented. The house salad was very good too. Service was also competent. Summary: This is a fine place, but the modern/retro decor is not romantic or intimate. Tip: Some seats in the window have access to power for recharging your devices.
I went here recently with a friend on a Friday night and had dinner at the bar. It was so lovely and relaxed but also exciting. I decided it would be a good place to host my sister's birthday dinner and I was right! Just had the dinner last night. The staff were amazingly helpful and sweet and enthusiastic. It was a great, relaxed, environment for everyone and we all had a great time. They can't take a HUGE crowd (we capped at 14) but worked well for that size. We never felt rushed, and the food was delicious. I look forward to becoming a regular here.
Been wanting to try this place for a while. I've heard a lot of good things of this place. It was my bday and my friend had suggested we go here. We had ordered about 2 appetizers and each an appetizer. We also got 2 glasses of wine that we asked for recommendations on. Mine was spot on, but my friend found hers to be too sour. Surprisingly enough they actually changed it for her, which was super nice. You get an endless bag of bread to eat with your meal. I had gotten the duck and my friend got the porkchop. Both really good. Overall, really good meal. Downside is that we ended up spending a lot.
One of the best happy hours in the city! I came here with a couple of friends around 5ish on a Sunday. There weren't many people there, which was good because we managed to grab great seats. My friend and I both got flights (pictured), 3 for $10, which is an AMAZING deal. A glass of wine was around the same price. I loved the ambience, and while my seat kept moving when I leaned over, it was really cute and looked like it was from a French cinema. The wine itself was delicious, and I got a few recommendations from our waiter (who was also hot) and he definitely got me the perfect things after I described my taste to him. It is classy without being pretentious. I enjoyed the jazz band that started playing, although it got a little too loud. The bathrooms are nice and clean as well. Perfect spot to stop by with a few friends and relax, come earlier if you want quiet though.
Went there for a dinner party last night.  I had the best time.  The waiter told us that this was more of a wine bar but we ordered food anyway and it was all delicious: appetizers, entrees, desserts.  I highly recommend the pork dish from the entries.  The sizes were perfect.  Just enough so you are not hungry.  We enjoyed the wine list and I had the joan cocktail, very good.  The service was just great.  My friends and I were well taken care off.  Can't wait to go back again.
Cute little spot that is great for drinks with friends.   It's quite small so gets really crowded and loud, so it's not the best for a quiet romantic evening.  The drinks were strong and the service was so charming! The food was good but didn't blow me away.  I'm a salt lover, and I felt like everything was a little underseasoned.   The best plate of the night was the cheese and meat plate.   I think overall it's great for drinks and snacks, but I wouldn't come back here again for a full dinner.
Really great place! Boyfriend and I were out kinda late and were looking for a place to grab a small bite to eat and have a glass of wine. Only one other table when we went in, so we sat at the bar. Kitchen was closed unfortunately, but the staff (2 bartenders who I believe were Spanish) went to see if the kitchen could whip us up a cheese plate.  Kitchen couldn't, but it was so sweet of them to go the extra mile and ask. What was supposed to be 1 glasses ended up turning into 3 and we ended up closing the place with them! The two gentleman gave great wine recommendations and great conversations. Would go back in a heartbeat.
Amelie is the best thing to happen to West 8th Street, well, ever? The interior is both creative and comfortable. Try to get one of the front three tables with super comfy movie-theater style seats. Obviously there is wine, but the food is wonderful. So far I've had the escargot and the pistachio-crusted goat cheese. Everything comes with outstanding french bread. The best part? The service. Genuine, friendly, attentive and relaxed. This place is a new favorite. Great happy hour until 7, including weekends.
The day was a little rushed, since we had only so few days in the city yet I wanted to do/eat so much. Even though we had just gotten done with brunch (unlimited mimosas) at 2pm with some friends who came to meet us from Jersey, we decided to check this place out anyway. We made an early reservation (5:30pm) since we also had a reservation at Terra Blues at 7:30pm to see/listen to Jesse Carolina and the Hot Mess (MUST SEE!!!) We were welcomed and seated promptly as we walked in, it was pretty empty, but nice and relaxing. We ordered a bottle of the French Malbec, which we loved. We typically drink Argentinean malbecs since they're more common (at least in Buffalo, where we live), so it was very nice to try one from France and expand our palate. Oh, and you can get any wine they sell by the glass, which is something that I don't see very often! Unfortunately, we were still STUFFED from brunch, so after looking the menu over and over again, we only ordered a french onion soup and the pistachio crusted goat cheese ball appetizer to start. The soup was just ok, but the cheese balls were AMAZE-balls. They came with these caramelized sweet onions and it was just scrumptious. The server(s) were extremely patient and did not rush us at all, even as the restaurant started to fill up. I felt really bad because I wanted to order so many things from the menu but we just simply could not eat anymore. The cheese balls were so good that I almost ordered a second serving, but we decided to check out their charcuterie and cheese board instead. The smoked duck and humble pie were our favorites, though some of the other cheeses were just as delicious (I just can't remember the names). The various jams/fruits/nuts and the mustard complemented the meats/cheeses very well. For as full as I already was, I definitely enjoyed the wonderful (and endless) freshly toasted bags of bread (french baguette).  All in all, we thought the service, food and the wine were all impeccable and we really enjoyed ourselves. Just make sure you make a reservation as it does get quite busy on the weekends! I do look forward to going back to Amelie the next time I'm in the city!
Loved this place. So much character and wonderful food
favorite french wine bar. $10 wine flights are frickin amazing. The bartenders/waitors are super friendly and knowledgeable. Escargot plate is to DIE for...buttery and garlicy goodness. Lovely decor, like the high table seating.
Liked the concept of serving wine in 'flights' - I went along with the recommendation from the waiter on the combination of reds, however I didnt think great of the cheese recommendation. We had Salmon and duck - both tasted great. Nice ambiance!
We were at NYU and this place is just across Washington Square Park on 8th St. We were hungry at 2 pm, our first real meal of the day. The restaurant is small but super cute (tables in the back half of restaurant are really close-if you sit against the wall, the table next to you has to move their table so you can get out). Even so, we really enjoyed our meal. We started with the Brie cheese (any cheese order is served with a fresh baguette slices, a bit of dried fruit, nuts and fresh grapes). The whole little plate and bread were wonderful -- we really enjoyed it. Then, we ordered a croque madame, French toast, and a salad. All were tasty and yummy. The bathrooms are singles but have one for men and women -- and the women's was nice and clean. The only area of improvement was related to the time between being seated (right when we walked in) and when our order was taken -- maybe 12-15 minutes later. About 5-7 minutes after sitting we put our menus down and asked to place our order a few minutes later since no one stopped by. Our order was taken about 8-10 minutes later. We were hungry so, we wanted to get to it.
Charming atmosphere, fantastic selection of cheeses
Walked in on a Friday night and immediately got bar space!  Nice wine list, generous pours by the glass.  We started with the mussels appetizer steamed in Chardonnay.  So delicious!  They kindly provide great bread to dip too! For dinner I got the smoked salmon salad and my husband got the duck confit.  Both were very good, the latter being insanely rich. Dessert was a chocolate mousse.  Again, very good. Service at the bar was quite attentive. Really wanted to give this place 3 1/2 stars.. But alas, I can't.  Definitely coming back to try the small plates!
A nice casual French restaurant at the Greenwich neighborhood. The wine selection was great.  We had the meat assortment and fried fish, delicious.  The space is a bit small, the seatings are crowded, we were back to back from another table, and had to shift a bit to sit comfortably.  The ambience is great with the creative bottle wall light.
Wow! Amazing food and great selection of wine, a must for wine lovers with a great selection of cheese!
Great food and good service once you get their attention. Had to wait about 30minutes after our reservation. They made it up with a free glass of wine - worth it in my opinion. Would definitely go back.
This restaurant failed in almost every respect. The ambience (bad loud off-pop music, neonish lights) mismatched the food and wine list (very conservative). It was as if a French bistro arrived in the NYU zone and was swallowed by it. As for the food, most of it that we ordered was inedible. Some was ok: the soup of the day was so-so, near boiling as it arrived; the escargots were just shy of dry but covered more in yummy herbery than in butter. The salads were so overdressed they looked iced. The frisee, lubricated with a mayolike substance, was garnished with more stale croutons than lardons. I gave up on eating it after finishing the egg (which was admittedly correctly poached). The wine list was good, better than an NYU bar, but not special for a wine bar or French bistro. They'd run out of some of their wines by the glass at 9 pm the night we were there. (I left a similar review on open table, but felt the need to counter the Yelp reviews that lured me into this corridor of mediocrity in the first place. Plus my company reminded me that his soup was scalding hot, not lukewarm, though the pun would have been better.)
A piece of France.Began with the flatbread and escargot. The flatbread was excellent, the escargot was good but a little bland.  However, the main courses where excellent.  The trout was very tasty, and the special chicken coq au vin recommendation was outstanding  They got it just right.  The staff was very pleasant and the wine suggestion was also very good.  Enjoyed the atmosphere and almost forgot, the creme brulee to finish the meal was spot on.  Would definitely return for an encore.
Visited Amelie for happy hour last night and was pleasantly surprised by the vibrant crowd and modern ambiance. The service was excellent and appreciated the wine recommendations of the staff. The happy hour wine flight of 3 wines for $12 (that can be any wine from the list) paired with the bacon wrapped dates and goat cheese ball with toast points were excellent. I highly recommend their Friulano wine with both of these salty, rich plates. I preferred the white wines I'd tasted over the reds but they do have a vast selection of wines by glass from all regions. The bar got crowded quickly for happy hour so I would recommend going on the earlier side of the 5-7pm time frame. Overall the wine flight and rotating $6 appetizers have the best value.
It's truly a nice place for a date! Guys, feel free to pick up this spot if you want to impress... Wines are good and food is yummy. Theater roll seats are kind of cute but not very comfy though. And it's weird to seat too close to the next table.
Great food and awesome waiter!! Would def go back to try other dishes.  Their fish special was the best IMO.
Quick afternoon getaway from rain visit. Turned out to be a great find. Friendly and attentive service. Great wine recommendation. Want to go back for dinner sometime. It got really crowded after 4PM.
Everything was really good like I expected!! And the waiter are very friendly I highly recommend this place even if you don't like french food. I went with another person and we both had a great experienced :D I will come visit again !
Try the humble pie cheese! So good. The wine is great too, and the waiters are all really nice!
The ambiance is very good; it was very lively even on a Monday night. We had the smoked salmon crostini, escargots, and foie gras as appetizers, which were all very good. As main courses, we had the brook trout, which was excellent, and the octopus salad, which was only ok. Service was on the slow side, especially to get drinks, as there was only one bartender, but the staff was friendly and did apologize for the wait. Our overall impression was quite positive...great location, very good food, and a nice atmosphere.
Fantastic place! The wine selection is awesome and happy hour is very intersting ($10 for a wine flight). They serve wine in huge glasses. Waiters are good advisors and the manager is great. We tried a 3 cheeses plater and picked them randomly, they were all good and we enjoyed some amazing candied walnuts and french baguette to go with it. We then shared a creme brulee (with bananas!!) that might have been the best I ever had. I'm already planning on going back.
After reading all the great reviews we decided to come here for a date night dinner.  Made reservations for 8pm & were seated right away.  The place wasn't packed which was REALLY nice.  I could have an actual conversation.   The place is small, cute, dimly lit, candles and red decor. Our waiter was great, friendly and checked on us.  We had the escargo ($9) Roasted duck leg ($22) & Gratin de ravioles du Royans ($14).  All were delicious, a good portion size and they also give you lots of good bread which was a bonus.   Service was pretty quick.  Other staff that didnt wait on us were also nice.  We would definitely come here again.  Its like a little hidden gem!
They serve a lot of their dinner appetizers during lunch so we opted to try the Warm Pistachio Crusted Goat Cheese Ball with honey, caramelized onions and toasts ($7.00). This was so good! The goat cheese was perfect to spread on the toast with some onions. The sweet taste of the red wine onions contrasted with the tartness of the goat cheese very well. We opted to split two mains. I started with the Smoked Salmon and Arugula Salad with cherry tomatoes, cucumber, avocado and leeks tossed in a mustard vinaigrette ($12.00). The smoked salmon was fresh and the salad was packed with veggies. I liked the mustard vinaigrette because it was very light but packed with flavor. The Boyfriend started with the Amelie Burger on brioche bun with tomato, sweet onion, lettuce and French fries. We opted to add gruyere cheese for an extra $1. I really liked the burger - it was filling and cooked to our desired taste. It was packed with veggies and cheese! The french fries were also quite good - I liked that it was thin and crunchy! We didn't stay for dessert since we were both stuffed from the burger and salad. But I can't wait to be back to try the Happy Hour specials! I really enjoyed the food - but I loved the service even more. We walked in with iced lattes from Stumptown down the block and our waiter didn't require us to throw them out or finish them outside. He even offered to move our coffee to maison jars so that we could keep them and drink them inside the restaurant. That's what I call great service!!
I went there for the first time with my mom, since she's into wine. They have quite a selection of wine. Happy Hour between 4 to 7, wines around 6$ a glass. I ordered the salmon tartare - it was a nice portion for two people. Entrees: pan pork loin and duck dishes...couldn't remember the extract names but their entrees selection is fairly short. The portions were good. I didn't exactly find the food to be awesome as I expected. I would probably go back to try out more of their appetizers. They have a large selection of cheese so definitely will go back for it. They also have live singing and the waiters were handsome and they provide good service. The area was small, so a big group might get hectic. A good date spot. :)
Great wine selection during happy hour + awesome appetizers.
Amelie is a fun, intimate wine bar with friendly service and reasonable prices. The small place is clean and stylish. The host and servers were all very friendly and eager to help make wine and cheese selections.  The wine was reasonably priced--one of our party had a generous pour of a $6 glass, and I enjoyed my $10 flight. While the menu offers some dinners, you can also do well sharing the many small plate offerings.  We enjoyed the cheese plate, crostini and chicken liver mousse. I was not quite as wild about the flatbread, which had a sweetness I didn't particularly find agreeable, but everything was very fresh and well presented.   This is a nice little find in the Village. Good for a date or a pleasant evening chatting with a few friends.
Pro: Time spent at Amélie reminds me about the leisurely there-hour lunches and dinners in Paris, good food, wonderful service, and beautiful wine selections. Con: Don't go if you are in a rush, the clock at  Amélie does not run with New York minutes. Verdict: A great place for a casual romantic outing, and small group gathering.
Simply Amazing! I was there to celebrate a belated Valentine's Day with my boyfriend. I tried escargot for the very first time here. The dish was absolutely delectable. We also ordered the pistacchio-crusted goat cheese with caramelized onions (which was also amazing) and the mushroom flatbread as appetizers. Then we shared the gratin de ravioles as the entre, and asked for it to be topped with truffle oil. By and large - a perfect evening!!!
$10 wine flight happy hour. $6 glasses of wine (chalices more like it!) After lunch at Buvette had to keep the French theme going, and this little joint also started in my hometown of San Francisco so had to pop my head in and fill it with wine... Again, I love great French bartenders - check I! French wine - check! BUT here is where they really win, $10 wine flight happy hour. That's right you can have any 3 (ANY 3 wines on the menu) for a $10 flight - even the most expensive wine. That my friends, is a deal. I was already down a Rose rabbit hole so kept on with that, enjoying one of their dry 'happy roses' which was part of higher $6 a glass happy hour and let me tell you - they didn't f#ck around with their pour. The service was lovely, the wine was great and everyone loves a quality happy hour. So after two chalices, they gave me directions to the subway and sent me on my (very) merry way!
Nice spot in Greenwich Village.  Excellent wine selection!  A little loud, but the food was also very good & very french!
This is a really wonderful date night stop.  The food is delicious, they offer wine flights, and the staff is helpful and unpretentious.  The only problems are that the restaurant is tiny.  If you're just having drinks, meeting up with a group is fine, but if you plan on eating, you're going to struggle to do it comfortably.  That said, if you're looking for a nice wine bar for a date night, definitely try Amelie.
Pro tip: go here during happy hour and get the discount appetizers and the wine flight! Their entire wine selection is incredible, so why not try as many as possible, right? For the appetizers, I loved the goat cheese ball and escargot. Ordered the squid salad for the entree and it was very light and just the right amount of dressing. After reading these reviews, I would love to come back and try the duck and french onion soup next time.
If you like wine and generous pours... look no further...
Great food! Great atmosphere! Very large and interesting wine selection! The service was great and very attentive.  I would definitely recommend this place.
Wonderful food and service!! Great filet mignon and duck confit!! The escargots were also amazing! Best wine bar! Wonderful staff as well :)
Not quite what I was expecting, but a fun night nonetheless. It has a 1970's retro feel to it. I found the lighting and aesthetics a bit strange. I wasn't a huge fan of the atmosphere to be honest. The food, drink, and service were excellent, however. My fiancee and I went to celebrate valentines day. They have a variety of wine options by the glass and bottle. We started with the escargot, which I thoroughly enjoyed. For my main, I got the filet. I found it expertly cooked and the red wine sauce certainly reminded me of French cuisine. All this for very reasonable prices and great service. By the time we left, it was packed with many people hanging out at the bar. Perhaps I'll be back, if I can get over the 1970's schtick. If for nothing else, the food and wine are top notch.
Yummy food, fun ambience, music was cheerful, staff was friendly! I had a great time! Trout was terrific! Steamed mussels were creamy and delish.  The server recommended wine that paired well with our food selections:) good job!
What a great night! The three of us walked in around 8pm with no reservation, the wait was less than 10min thanks to the amazing waiter! We had the sampler platter, ceviche, pork porterhouse and a few flights of various wines, both red and white. The food was great, the wine was excellent and the service was outstanding. The atmosphere was great, the music selection was varied, chic, and in no way commercial. Reasonably priced - for NYC - enjoyable atmosphere, great staff and really enjoyable food and wine. Would definitely return to this place!
Amelie is a Greenwich gem. One of my favorite wine bars in the city. Their happy hour is the best I've found: from 5-7, glasses of wine are $6, a flight of three is $10. The pistachio crusted goat cheese appetizer is served over some delicious honey & fig spread with a basket of fresh bread. The service is very friendly, prompt, sweet. A tall handsome waiter with short dreadlocks greeted multiple people by their names - I LOVE this. They recognize their regulars and make them feel special. It's not often you find that in the city. My girlfriend & I sat at the bar & were treated very well by the bartender. As we were leaving, the manager, Sammy, came over to us, personally thanked us for coming, asked how our service and food was, asked that we come again. It felt like everyone working there really went above & beyond to make sure we had an enjoyable time. The only thing I find a tad off putting is the decor - it's ultra modern, sleek lines, neon lights, sort of new agey spaceship, which doesn't seem to match up with the menu. Though I do dig the cinema-like seats that they have around the large front tables.
Sat at the bar for 10 mins without service. Looks kinda grungy.  Went across the street to Pour George.
Trusted fellow yelpers on their review and stars and made a reservation through Open Table for our group of 6 on a Saturday night. It was for birthday celebration. First off, great food. Loved everything we ordered. We ordered so many plates, like escargots, frisee salad, beets salad, steak & frites, mussels, pate, cheese plates... and on. The only thing is that since it was a busy Saturday, the service to our large group table might have seemed slow but hey, it also gave us time to talk and enjoy our time. Needless to say, this is my favorite French to go and take people to. We are going back with another group soon!
The food is delicious.  Well flavored, right temperatures. We had the mussels which had an amazing sauce that we ended up dipping all the bread in. Then for the entree I had the ravioli with truffle oil.  Very yummy!! But just a little on the oily side. For dessert the banana creme caramel was spectacular. The only thing that was wrong was the service. It took foreverrrrrrr to get anything.  But the waiter apologized and it sounded sincere. So...Forgiven. One suggestion, please bolt the movie theatre chairs to the floor in the front of the restaurant.  We almost flipped over twice...
Excellent wine flights and delicious french cuisine.  Went there for my birthday and went back again the following week.  Loved it!
Went there a while ago after a jazz concert in west village, couldn't remember what we ordered. But it was good, nice service and food, that's all I remember. Looking forward to go back.
As a Frenchy, I am usually super critical about anything French in the US. After all, I'm French, so complaining is part of my culture! I booked a table at Amelie shortly after Valentine's Day, as I was out of town on that day and couldn't take my better half out for dinner. Overall, we had a great time  food was delicious, portions were more than decent, and service was super courteous. My favorite part: when our waiter figured that my girlfriend didn't speak French, he instantly offered to switch to English. Kudos! That doesn't happen much, and my girlfriend felt even better at that place. The good: we were at a table in the corner, which gave us some intimacy in a very crowded restaurant. Also, the waiter would just jump over the bar to serve us, which meant that he wouldn't have to struggle through the whole crowd to bring us our plates. The bad: it was pretty cold outside, and when some *cough idiots cough* careless customers would enter or leave while leaving both doors open! it could get pretty cold at our table too. The ugly: I'm not sure I would have enjoyed our dinner as much had we sat at a table behind the bar. Looked like some people's heads got knocked over a few times. But hey, it's New York!
I stopped in for dessert. The desserts were fine for $7- a good value for NYC. I was really sold on the people and the ambiance. The Parisian guy was super friendly. He even sang a few bars from the LP that serves as the menu. It has a really sharp look. glowing wine bottles, padded woolen walls, memory foam cushions. Just go a bring a date and share a bottle of wine and get tipsy and friendly.
I had very high expectations of this place after reading the reviews. My experience was really not good. Meat platter was not fresh. Really did not like it at all, it was dry (waiting outside or not fresh at all dry) ! The ambience is far from an authentic French experience more like a fusion French. Music was off too, really we couldn't live the French experience we were looking for. Two star goes to the service, the waiter, who helped us was really nice, we did like him.
Great wait staff! Very quick and have great tips on what wine to choose!! Great choices of cheese and even better prices on the bottles! Will definitely be coming back here soon and more often! Also loved the decor and atmosphere not too noisy or quiet! You can be filled up here and still have room for dessert. Unfortunately I didn't have dessert ahaha! But next time I sure will!!
They take OpenTable and have strong reviews, so I took a chance and took a coworker visiting from outside the country here. When the time came, I was waiting down the street at Grey's Papaya and my coworker texted me saying she thinks she's going the wrong way. Turns out she somehow got on the 7 instead of the A/E/C and was in Queens! After a platform swap and a taxi down, we're finally able to dine. But, since I was there the whole time (but not able to eat), I went in and told the host that I had a reservation, but that the person I was with took the wrong train and we'd be late. He said "No problem!" and when I came back in an hour later, he recognized me, said "She made it!" to my coworker, and was happy to see me return. The waiter (who, according to the other reviews, may have been the main dude) set us up, made a couple suggestions, and was very jovial and friendly. He was happy to entertain suggestions, listen to what my coworker (who's Filipino and had never had French food) liked, and had perfect timing in basically, well, everything. The food was served promptly, the portions were very reasonable, and the prices were very fair. We split a tuna tartare thing that was a small "cake" of tuna, avocado, and some other bits, and it was very fresh and light with big chunks of sushi-like tuna and smooth ripe avocado. I then shortly received the pork medallions, which were amazing. There were 4 sizeable medallions over a generous portion of garlic mashed potatoes, and the pork was tender with not a trace of gristle or fat. I love getting a meat that I don't have to dissect to enjoy, and the flavors were rich but not overpowering. The mashed potatoes served as a perfect complement with a delicious red wine gravy and had me scraping the bowl. The ambiance is sleek and modern with some kitschy decisions like the menus and seating. I like the tables but am not a big fan of the chairs, which are movie theater seats. They're cool, but with the music up you have to lean in to hear people, and these types of seats aren't conducive to leaning in. But that's the only complaint I can think of -- everything else puts Amelie on my list of staples.
Service was top notch. Food was scrumptious and perfectly seasoned. A bit too loud for me but great ambience for the dating crowd. Highly recommend going during happy hour... you can't beat wine at $6 a glass and a true "full glass".
I have been to this restaurant twice and each time has been fantastic.  The wine selection is by far one of my favorite things.  I typically stick to reds and have enjoyed the reds I have had each visit.  The decor is a very different approach than anything I have seen before.  The menus come on old vinyl album covers and the checks are delivered in old paperback novels. The meat and cheese tray appetizer is always good and one of my favorite things on the menu.  The wide selection of cheeses allows you to try different options and the meats are always delicious. I have had the whole trout and the pork medallions on each of my separate visits.  Each were cooked to perfection and tasted fantastic.  The presentation of the entrees on the plate was also very good and almost didn't make me want to destroy the scene....almost. On my most recent visit, I had the creme brulee with the sliced bananas for dessert.  It was fantastic and very delicious.  It was not overly sweet and well prepared. I will definitely return to sample the rest of the menu.
Everything about this place warrants a 5-star rating! The service was excellent and generous! We were probably there for over two hours taking our time with various appetizers and then moving on to mains, and we were never rushed. The bartender was incredibly knowledgeable about the wines and how they would go with our food. He offered us (large!) tastings of a few different wines before we made our selection without us even having to ask. As for the food, it was superb! Very simple and unpretentious. The in-house baked baguette was to die for! The escargot were delicious, as was the salad. For our main, we had the whole trout, and it was probably among the best preparation of trout I have ever had. The server was friendly without being pushy, and the bartender even walked us out when we were done. I highly recommend this place and can't wait to come back for their happy hour soon!
The bread. THE BREAD. All you people who are avoiding gluten for no good reason, come back to the light! Also, very good service, and excellent salads. I'll be back to try happy hour sometime. Tip: we couldn't get a reservation on open table, but when we walked in there were plenty of seats. so maybe call them directly or take the chance like we did.
Had a fantastic Easter Brunch here!! Had the table right by the window.  The chairs were from an old theater and were so cute and comfy. The sun was out and shinin on us.  I was with my friends and fam.  The waiter allowed me to troll on him.  The bread was great.  The benedict was amazing. Great Easter!
This review is specific to a group dinner scenario that involves a reservation and time sensitivity. The food here is good, and I think this would be a nice place to stop in spontaneously. The service is lacking and insincere - a lot of French-ish smooth-talking but insufficient action. This is not the kind of place where reservations are honored. I don't know why they bother w/ an account on Open Table. I think the manager/host was enthusiastic but had a hard time managing turns of tables. I organized a surprise birthday dinner (party of 7) at 8:30 PM. I even called earlier in the day to confirm that the table would be ready by 8:30 PM. I had all of the guests arrive before the birthday girl so that we could be seated and surprise her at the table. We weren't seated until 8:55 PM, and we were tightly squeezed in to a table intended for 6 people. It was an uncomfortable arrangement and by the time all of the guests had arrived and ordered a glass of wine, it was too late to terminate and move the party to a different place. (Based on my bad impression of the place within the first 10 minutes, this was a serious consideration.)
When Coldplay was singing about the girl dreaming of "para para paradise," she was probably dreaming of sitting at Amelie's at 6 p.m. on a Saturday night eating the pistachio-crusted goat cheese ball w/honey that pairs perfectly with the toasted bread while sipping her $10 wine flights. Seriously, when I spread the cheese and honey on the bread and took a bite, I actually closed my eyes and sighed, feeling the stress of the week wash away as the flavors hit my tongue.   Nothing else needs to be said about this place, except that the service is excellent.  The man behind the bar (owner perhaps?) is as friendly as could be and as prompt as possible considering how packed this place becomes due to its popularity.   PS: the check comes in a French book.  As a lover of puns and the owner of the dorkiest sense of humor, I died laughing the first time it came.
Definitely have seen better restaurants. Had pork medallion and steak-of-the-day, neither was impressive. Foie Gras was mediocre. Prices are not low for the quality of the food. Can find better in the neighborhood. Quite loud, but then again it's a wine bar so it's understandable I guess. Upside, the bread was good. Above average wine selection.
Great wine and food! I would definitely come back. This place is a bit quirky. Interesting decor, offbeat waiters.
The service here is both welcoming and accommodating, as well as very friendly. The food here is excellent.  I had the Pork Chop and also tried the Fillet Mignon. The place is crowded, as it's popular. It's hip and young, a nice energetic scene.  Its not conducive to conversation 'tho, so far from a romantic candle lit table for two nor a business networking venue to discuss anything needing any sense of attention. It's located in the hip Greenwich Village area of NY and is surrounded by the chic ambiance of the neighborhood. The menu is rather limited, but has a nice selection and the wine list is robust.
I've had this place on my list for some time now.  Reservations are highly recommended.  While they were booked completely when I called, the host still found a way to fit in my party of 3 at a reasonable time for us.  The happy hour specials (3 flights for $10 and half price apps) are great and definitely ask the waiters for their recommendations on wine based on your taste.  For food we tried the escargots, mussels, pistachio-crusted goat cheese and a cheese plate.  I'm not at all a big goat cheese person but the way they make it at Amelie is so delicious that I didn't even notice I was eating goat cheese.  The cheese recommended by our waiter for our cheese plate was also excellent.  The decor is a little odd as it's very futuristic space shipy but other than that, this place is on my highly recommended list.  I even sent a couple of friends here and they loved it as well!
Absolutely amazing! Went on a Monday and the live music was brilliant and the decor was relax and intimate.  The perfect background music but not too loud so that a conversation could not be held.  The wine selection is deep and the waiters had great recommendations for pairings.  The salad was fresh and crisp and delicious.  I have nothing but praise for this place.
Yes it's French. It's better for dinner than Brunch. The drinks for brunch is a deal. The food is okay. For dinner, the dish dish is better. My ravioli order was more like macaroni and cheese. Rich!  But the branzino is excellent served with green beans. For brunch, my friend's eggs cooked in wine was better than my spinach with egg. The French toast is alright is good but also average. It's not bad but if you know how to make French Toast, - it's not something phenomenal I would write home about. Overall, good is alright.
For those who love wine (yet are not really wine connoisseurs), a great wine selection, and reasonable prices, this is the place to go. The locale is a bit small but aesthetically pleasing and lively. From dry to dessert wines the selection is amazing. The French appetizers are also a delight...I went with a group of friends and tried several, all were great. This is a great sport for a group of friends on a nice evening after work. The traditional French music and decor simply contribute to the great experience. Definitely recommend Amelie!
Amelie is one of my favorite wine bars in the city. The appetizers are so tasty - escargot, stuffed dates, etc. happy hour flights are the best deals. Service is great too. Keep it up!
I just had the most delicious lunch at this place. Our server Jacques was suave and courteous.  I had the eggs Norwegian which were very well done. Their crème brulé is delicious!
Been to this place on the west coast and now it's here in NYC! One of my favorite wine bars in the city, with wine flights during happy hour for a great price!  The atmosphere is always great here, not too loud and not too packed, but busy enough to be a fun place. I always leave in a good mood!
Came here on a Monday night for dinner. I had the crostini appetizer, which was very good, best part of the meal. My boyfriend had the duck breast, which could have been very good; however, the duck itself was very very salty (and I usually enjoy overly-salted foods). The duck was also slightly overcooked. The asparagus that accompanied the duck was extremely peppery, so much that I could not have more than one bite. I had the ravioli with truffle oil, which would have been delicious minus the truffle oil. Truffle oil is always a treat, but this time the dish was so drenched with oil that it only tasted greasy. Decor is retro/modern European - not my style. Perhaps this was an off night for Amelie; however, I will not be returning.
I absolutely love this wine bar. It's the perfect place to get together with a couple friends or a date. The environment is trendy and intimate, and the wine is amazing. I went on a Tuesday night and it was perfect for a weeknight date.
Favorite place to go for their $10 flights of 3 wines and goat cheese happy hour appetizer! Can't go wrong!
Great service and delicious and impressive wine selection!
A young persons hangout, not the best if you want to talk and you have more than two people. Very small, tightly packed tables and loud music. Friendly and efficient service and decent food. I had a terrific frisée salad which was done very well but my mussels were a bit fishy and possibly not fresh (?). The cheese ball with pistachios that everyone has mentioned was nice but the serving size was very small and the onions were overly sweet. Prices were moderate. Given the tons of other good restaurants around I wouldn't say its worth a return visit.
Great place owned and run by young French guys. Wine is great, mussels are Amazing. Atmosphere and location are awesome. Place to come back again.
One of the best dining experiences I've had in the city.  Food was delicious, ambience was festive but chill and service was awesome. Everyone from our server, the host and the bartender were friendly, attentive and super accommodating (even though I called like five times to change my reservation). I also love that they have old movie theater seats as lounge chairs. Great, will definitely be back!
I have been wanting to try out this cute spot for a while now. I am French, born and raised and I was very happy with the meal I had at Amelie, it's the real deal, food people make at home, nothing too fancy or expensive. Staff is French too :) I had the frisée salad with lardons, poached eggs, and brioche croutons, no kidding, it tasted just like home and I loved it! The dressing was perfect, the shallots tasty, there was a lot of meat and the egg was perfect. I never had frisée in NYC, where do you find it?! Haha, it's one of my favorite salad just because that's the only one my grandma ever got. Anyway... awesome salad, reasonable price and fair portion size. My girlfriend had the mergez sandwich with French fries, I didn't try, but she enjoyed it, the fries were great, and oh boy that plate was huge! The bread was excellent too, just like the retrodor baguette we get in France, honestly, best bread I had, I missed that flavor. And it comes in a cute little bag. Overall, awesome legit food, friendly staff, and reminiscence goodness for my bones, will definitely go back and try more stuff :) Merci!
I was looking for a restaurant that would be good for a group of 12 for a surprise birthday dinner. I came across Amelie on yelp. I saw the stars and the great reviews and made my reservations. Our waiter Jacque was fantastic!! and so was everyone in the restaurant. Everyone loved their food and wine. I highly recommend the escargots, foie gras, chicken liver mousse, mussels and warm pistachio goat cheese ball... ok, pretty much ALL the appetizers.  I ordered the roasted duck leg confit and it was delicious! At the end of dinner Jacque brought out the chocolate fondant as dessert for the birthday boy. Instead of the usual birthday song, he opera'd it!! we absolutely all loved it! The only minor thing was, our large group was seated by the door so it was a little chilly from customers coming in and out. Otherwise, a definite spot to hit up, and I will definitely come back. Also want to add in there, they have a great selection for their happy hour from 5-7pm!
Late dinner at Aemlie after a movie and now a big fan.  After a slit wait we sat for a 10pm reservation and had a great dinner with friends.  Awesome food and great service!
What a cute little spot! My girlfriend and I just spent almost 4 hours here wining and dining during their amazing happy hour. 3 wine flights for $10, whattt -- and such generous pours! We ended up splitting 9 flights altogether of various reds and whites, with our waiter's recommendations. Our favorite was definitely the riesling -- soo sweet and smooth! We also ordered; flatbread topped with portabella mushrooms, arugula, caramelized onions, roasted tomatoes and shaved parasan -- fantastic! the bread was cracker thin though so it was all falling apart but the contrasting flavor combination was incredible; salmon tartare with cornichon, caper berries, scallions, dill, black sesame oil, lemon zest cherry tomato -- this was okay. I didn't like the tartness of the cornichon, but the sesame and scallions worked well. I now know I much prefer salmon tartare at japanese restaurants! burgundy escargots gratinee, garlic parsley bread butter -- wow, just wow. so flavorful, rich and buttery, but absolutely amazing; cheese plate! -- humble pie, garrotxa and brillat savarin -- all three were wonderful! My favorite was definitely the brillat savarin -- I love brie! The cheese plate came with wonderful accompaniments of grapes, honey, marmalade, walnuts and figs, mmmm. We also went through three(yes, THREE) sacks of their amazing crispy bread! Goodness, I couldn't stop eating . All 3 sacks came out warm and toasty -- had to sop up the bread crumbs from the escargot dish :) Will definitely be back for their happy hour and to try more of the menu!
I've been to Amelie four times now, and I have never been disappointed. Brunch on weekends is fabulous- with wine or mimosas! Happy hour pricing is awesome for drinks, and the food is incredible. The most recent visit was Friday night 6/14 for my birthday, and they did such an amazing job for our large group of 8. I got the Filet Mignon, and it was that delicious melt-in-your-mouth flavor you are more than happy to shell out $31 for. It's huge, and we didn't need an appetizer with that!! My boyfriend got the pork tenderloin, which was this exquisite blend of sweet and spicy and so juicy. I've never had a bad experience here, and all of the waiters are super friendly. Thank you for helping me celebrate my birthday!!!
Best bread I've had in NYC!!! Pretty good food and friendly waiters...steak tartar was a little spicy but still good, coming back for sure.
Wonderful atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food make this restaurant a must visit!
Easy to miss if when it's dark out so keep a lookout if you're trying to come here. Very intimate atmosphere but as others have said, it can get very noisy. A lot of moving has to be done to fit your winter jackets/bags, as well as your food/plates on the small tables. We went on a Monday night and it got very busy around 8:30 PM, felt like a good time to leave. I can only imagine how crowded it would be on a Friday night. However, Amelie seems like the perfect place to catchup with someone when it's not crowded; when I got there around 5, everything was just right for a great conversation. My boyfriend and I got the wine flight and loved it. For the cheese plate: the cabot clothbound cheddar was my favorite. The foie gras was good, although many other places do it better. For our entrees, I got the duck confit which had delicious skin but the meat was on the dry side. My boyfriend got the pork tenderloin and he really liked it. To end the night we had the creme brulee (thanks to the reccomendations on Yelp) and I have to say that it was the best part of the night. Love the banana in it and the strawberry that comes with.
Nice selection of 65 wines from all over the world, most of them available by glass. Will be back for food, soon. Until then, four stars for Amelie, the new arrival in the wonderful world of New York wine bars !
Amelie remains my absolute favorite spot in the city. The food is superb, and the service is just what you'd expect from the French: thorough, prompt and intuitive. Every time I have a new visitor in town, I make a reservation here so that we can catch up over wine, cheese and escargot. I recently came in to try the wine flight at happy hour, which is a fantastic deal - we ended up getting a huge spread of small plates and left very happy. They even let us make a reservation during happy hour, which is something most restaurants won't do. When they saw that the high top tables were full, they ended up seating us at a large table in the back of the restaurant - the best seat in the house. I also spent New Year's Eve here with their pre-fixe menu. Not only is the food always delicious, but you truly feel like you're dining among friends. It was one of the best NYE experiences I've ever had - they are so passionate about what they do, and they truly want everyone to enjoy and have a good time. I haven't gotten around to trying their brunch yet, but it's on my list. I love French food as a rule, but I particularly love Amelie because of the food AND the people. They know what they're doing, so come in and let them take care of you. Your stomach will thank you.
Great atmosphere, tasty food and cool bartenders. Jack was really helpful with all the food decisions we made :) Try and make a reservation if you are going here.
Really cute.  The escargot was tasty--not the best I've had, but good. But what we really loved was the vibe.  The music is great (Thanks Julian!) and the service is fantastic.  You really feel like they are happy that you've decided to hang with them.  Although it is a wine bar, they do make great cocktails as well.
