Came here with a party of 9 for my birthday dinner. We split about 12 apps and 1 order of moussaka among all of us and it was delightful!! Highlights: The grilled octopus was scrumptious. Probably the best octopus I've ever had. Delicately and magnificently seasoned, and tender as the night (way more tender than my night). Just YUM. The spinach feta pie. Crispy, fluffy, overflowing with awesomeness. The tomato, feta, cucumber salad was super fresh, dressed beautifully, and made me feel skinny, even as I was stuffing my face. The warm bread with fava bean dip was perfectly garlicky, smooth in texture, and good enough to eat by the spoonful. OMG, did I mention it was my birthday?! AMAZING feta cheese cake. Don't miss it. Screw the diet and take a bite. You won't be disappointed. Graham cracker crust envelopes this joyful feta based creation. If you even kind of like cheese cake, this is a major winner! The moussaka was also very good. I would take points off for the meatballs which were too firm for my liking and for the pork with onions and mushrooms which also were a bit too tough for me and not too interesting in flavor, presentation, or execution but the others above were too good to take off any real points. The service took a while to get started but once it did, was phenomenal. Extremely friendly server. Very helpful. Cocktails were on point, though, because they are made with extreme care, they do take a while to arrive at the table.  The ambiance is just perfect.  Classic, rustic, sexy, and organic feeling.  Perfect for a nice size group, date, family, or friends.  Can't wait to go back!!
I really can't speak highly enough of this place. Every element of the meal, from the ambiance, to the service, to the food, was excellent. I plan to return. We came in on a drizzly holiday evening, and the crowd was pretty sparse. We were greeted at the door and offered our choice of table. The greeter took our wet umbrella and placed it in a bin by the door for us. Right away we were greeted at our table by the waiter, who offered us wine and food suggestions. We each picked a glass of wine (I think he said their whole wine menu is Greek), and ordered our food. The first item out was a horiatiki (village) salad. The vegetables were perfectly fresh and ripe, and the dressing had the ideal balance of acid and sweetness. Not the largest portion, but a delightful opener. Next we had the four small dips - tzatziki, spicy feta, eggplant, and cod. All of them were excellent, but we didn't want to spoil our meal by wolfing everything down. We actually left some of the warm pita in the basket! Finally, our entrees came. I had ordered the sausage and peppers appetizer as an entree, and my husband had ordered the chicken with smoked cheese. I can honestly say his chicken breast was one of the best, if not the single best, chicken breast I've ever had. The smoked cheese filling was perfect, and the breast was succulently moist. It came with creamy Greek potatoes and some quick-fried leeks. The sausage and peppers was superb as well, served in a rich and hearty tomato sauce. I'm going to try to replicate it when I get back to my kitchen. Suffice it to say, we definitely plan to return to this place the next time we're around. It's a bit out of the way, but the whole experience was worth the walk.
What a nice place! We stopped by for lunch during a weekend trip to New York and were one of the few people in the restaurant. The food, ambiance, service and experience were fantastic and low-key. It was a nice place to just sit by the window and enjoy the atmosphere. I am not a "foodie", but this lunch was one of my favorite parts of the trip. Particularly enjoyed the Greek cherry drink and iced tea - both very refreshing on one of the last warm days of the Indian Summer in the city.
Beautiful and cozy place. This small restaurant is not comoletely packed, unlike other NY places. The staff is very friendly; the manager/owner (I think he was) greeted us and gave us special treatment... The food is GREAT! You should definetly try the octopus and their feta cheesecake!
As a Greek, The Greek did not disappoint. The ambiance is cozy and nicely decorated and all of the waiters are friendly and attentive. The food was amazing, we got the shrimp appetizer and the mixed grill with a side of lentils. The lamb chops in the mixed grill were literally perfect and the size of the plate was plenty for 2 people to share. I came on a Tues and didn't have to wait for a table, but I'm sure on the weekends this place fills up. They only take reservations for parties of 4 or more. I'm coming back for sure!!
Thank you Yelpers for reviewing The Greek and arousing my curiosity.  This is a great restaurant that has a casual refined quality.  The decor is rustic wood with splashes of detail.  Good eclectic music. The food. Really really good little lunch that will bring us back for a dinner.  We tried the spreads - tarama, eggplant, feta with a hint of habanero and tzatziki.  The Greek salad was very nice, colorful and tasty.  Keftedes as a small meat plate was fine. Friendly servers.  I would be comfortable recommending this to anyone and everyone.  Will be back.
The Greek is a great spot--especially for taking dates. The food, the wine, the music, the lighting, the overall ambiance...it all created a very romantic feel. Our server, Dimitri, was so good to us. He served us inventive cocktails and a variety of delicious food. We were there on a normal Tuesday night, but he made it feel special. I'm definitely going back for three reasons: 1) The Experience (get lots of drinks and try the rosemary lamb chops) 2) Dimitri 3) The Feta Cheesecake
This place is so cue and open late till 11am. Try the specials and especially the broiled snapper with lentils it's amazing. I also tried  have a Greek pasta which was superb and the service was great as well!! Five stars to die for will come again ASAP New York
What the heck?  America has some freaking amazing Greek places and The Greek certainly did not disappoint.  The Australian Greeks definitely need to get their a$$es into gear because having now tasted two American Greek restaurants, I don't think I can eat Greek in Australia any longer. Starters: The Greek Salad - not very big portion and to be honest not the best.  I wouldn't order it again. Tzatziki (sorry I don't know how to spell it) - very nice and fresh.  Super authentic with the dill.  The bread (or whatever it was) was really nice. I just wish the portion of the tzatziki had been greater. The meat platter for two - this included lamb chops, greek sausage, beef patties and chicken souvlaki.  It also has greek fries, which I thought were very similar to the Persian 'taadig' which consists of thin slices of potato that is cooked in oil under the rice.  I loved the chips, they were AMAZING. For dessert, my boyfriend and I shared the baklava. No words, it was amazing.  Beautiful presentation and a great, generous portion of baklava. Must say one thing though, they love to fill up water at this joint.  I am wondering if someone complained about the lack of free water on yelp?  They are constantly filling up your glass with water which creates problems because you have to run to the bathroom every three minutes. Other than that, this is some great food, this is a nice place for a date.
Completely love this place.  It's a little out of the way but it's totally worth the trip.  The ambience alone is worth it.  It's one of the prettiest places I've ever eaten at; the waitress told me that they had a designer from Greece come to work on it.  And the food and drinks are PHENOMENAL.  Last time I was there, we got the artichoke Moussaka which was delicious.  Highly recommend this place!
What a great place to come and just hang out after work or for some amazing Greek food! Came here with a good friend for the first time and the owner Tom came over to say hello to us and he's such a nice guy with a gentle demeanor. Decent selection of wine and excellent food. We ordered the octopus as an appetizer which was superb and so tender and seasoned just perfectly. The main entree was the mixed grill with a great variety of meats and served with parm home made fries. I highly recommend this place and will be coming back many times.
Came here for a quick bite to eat before meeting up with an out of town friend.  We got seated at a table for 2 in the back that was not squished in between 2 tables.  I was in love with the place immediately! Service was great.  Philip was helpful with our wine selection as I am not familiar with Greek wines. Started with a selection of spreads and I got the salmon special.  My boyfriend got the skirt steak.  Both were delicious.  I loved the live music as well.  It wasn't too loud and we were still able to have a conversation without raising our voices.  Just wish we had more time to try the desserts and more of the starters!  We'll be back for sure!!
Just went here for dessert and wine and it did not disappoint. Had the feta cheesecake and it was amazing. It doesn't really taste like feta...but somehow works really well. The setting is intimate with lots of nice details. Our server was extremely knowledgeable and told us the story behind the wine he recommended. Super helpful and genuinely nice. Hope to be back for a full meal.
Very cozy and nicely decorated spot. I loved the lamb chops and pear with pastourmia both were great.
Came here for lunch yesterday and enjoyed my dining experience overall. The food was excellent, but just thought that prices were a bit on the higher end, even in Tribeca. The service was friendly, but if you're going to be charging Michelin Recommended prices for the food, service should be up a notch as well in this case. So, my friend I tried their new light lunch for 2 option, which is $18 per person for a total of 1 salad, 2 hot appetizers, and 1 side. We picked their in-house greek salad (Horiatiki) with the kumato tomatoes, which was super fresh and tasty but portion was very light for two. For hot appetizers, I picked the grilled octopus (Octapodi) and she chose some stuffed grape leaves with greek yogurt on the side. My grilled octopus was super tender and I enjoyed every bite. My friend seemed to have enjoyed her appetizer as well. As for the side, we chose grilled vegetables, which consisted of onions, peppers, and eggplants. That was ok, nothing special there. As for the service, they came very often to ask how we were doing, which became kind of annoying as our conversation were interrupted often. And yet, the waitress does not even notice when our glasses are empty; I guess they left the jar of tap water on the table so we could serve ourselves? No idea.... Overall, enjoyed our lunch, so probably will be back to try something else on the menu next time. PS: The deco and ambience is nice here. And, they serve complimentary hot bread with eggplant dipping as starters; the eggplant dipping was amazing imo. When our waitress took our bread basket away and never came back with more bread, we made sure we asked for more to finish up the delicious dipping.  Oh and by the way, $23 later, I l still left half full. Their "light lunch" special is actually pretty light, lol.  Enjoy~
Food was delicious, authentic and did I say delicious? Ordered the Lima beans and 7 star shrimp, very hearty. A lil pricey but a good dining experience, service was great. The one gentleman we assumed was the owner was wearing a Mexicue tshirt which was confusing ;) but after we asked him about it he provided the Mexicue guys guidance in the restaurant business. Obviously knows his stuff!
Pretty place, good food. 1) Greek salad-- good 2) Meatballs-- good 3) Moussaka-- good 4) Rice pilaf-- tasted a little spoiled All the servers were nice and super friendly except the one with the mustache. He was full of himself and incredibly pretentious. He was also trying to show off his broken french. How embarrassing.
So this place is more of a $$$ restaurant. The menu says Michelin recommended 2014 so maybe there prices went up then. That being said I really enjoyed my meal. We order some nice cocktails and an appetizer of dolmadas. They where very good. They where warm with a nice flavor. We got complementary bread and peppered feta. It was so good, like a slightly spiced whipped cream cheese. We then had the brizola and Mousaka which is like a Greek Sheppard's pie. Which was nice, had a comfort food type feeling but you really just tasted the cheese and wasn't the Greek flavors I wanted. I only had two bites and then stuck with the brizola which was the steak dish and it was fabulous. I will be back for that. I loved the potatoes with the celery root or what ever in it. The whole thing had really nice flavors. We took the custard turnover pastry thing to go because we where so full. The staff was great, very friendly and attentive. We never had a partially empty water glass. It did get a little loud at times but there where two larger parties and on was a group of woman celebrating a birthday. Something I will say is that we where there a long time. Not sure if the dishes where coming out so slow because of the large parties or if it is a normal thing. For the most part it wasn't an issue for us because we where enjoying the time together and between courses but once you realize it's been a while since you ordered your entree it can throw off the meal a little. My advise would be take your time and enjoy yourself but if you do need to be somewhere just let them know.
The Greek served me the warmest, most soulful meal I've eaten in New York. It was like eating a smile, a beautiful gesture served by the kindest, most knowledgeable people you could possibly imagine. I recommend everything on the menu as well as behind the bar, but you MUST have the octopadi and pites made with handmade phyllo dough before you order an entree. Have Dimitri (the barman at the Greek) make you his signature Santorini Sour, then ask him questions about it. Or explain to him your taste and what you're thirsty for and be amazed by what he serves you. I cannot speak highly enough about The Greek. I will be back very often.
came here about 8 months ago and loved the place.  I had had the chicken dish KOTA and thats what i went back for with my date because I remembered that it was literally to die for. Went back last week and the food has changed, the chicken was not what i remembered at all. I don't know why some places can't just stick with something good when they've got it???  Service was so so then and worse now. This pompous skrawney looking waiter guy with a bowtie "helped" us, very unprofessional in his approach, and arrogant. My date wanted to throw her water at him lol. Anyway thanks for embarrassing me!
Beautiful decor, it was very rustic urban chic. The customer service was fantastic. Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable about the food. I kept it simple with a salad and chicken with potatoes. Everything was so flavorful. My favorite was dessert. I had ice cream it was delicious.I can't remember the name of the ice cream, however,  the flavor comes from a plant that only grows in one of the greek islands. This place is $$$$. However, I felt like the experience was worth every penny.
Being of Greek heritage my wife and I decided to try this new Greek restaurant close to where we are staying at Soho. What great find!!  The food is very authentic in taste but with a modern Greek touch. We had the Greek salad and grilled octopus as starters and both did not disappoint. You get a good feeling about a Greek restaurant when they get the Greek salad right and grilled octopus was tender and tasty. The mains were just as impressive. My wife's musaka was one of the best she has tried and my fish with lentils was delicious. We had wine by the glass. All were Greek wines and surprisingly all of them very good particularly the desert wines we had with a feta cheesecake ( yes feta cheesecake). What made our night so memorable was the warm welcome given to us by Tom the owner and our waiter. You know this place will succeed when you hear Tom speak with pride about his restaurant and the effort he has gone to pick the menu, ingredients and wines. Having travelled around the world many times we would highly recommending this restaurant for people looking for a healthier /Greek food option.
Food was authentic + service was fantastic
Wow Wow Wow.  How do you say amazing in Greek? The ambiance, the service, the food all of it amazingly delicious.   Skipped on the delicious bread and white bean spread,(ok I nibbled) damn you Paleo! But I devoured everything else.  Meatballs, scallops, octupus, Horiatiki.   All unbelievable accompanied by a lovely greek wine.   I must go back!
I had an absolute wonderful dinner here last week. The atmosphere was great, and the service was awesome. We enjoyed handcrafted drinks, stove top meatballs, and perfectly cooked lamb chops. The pièce de résistance of the evening was definitely the FETA CHEESECAKE. Yum! I will definitely be back soon.
Dine to impress.  The Greek is perfect for a date and a MUST GO for many reasons. Located at the outskirts of TriBeCa, this restaurant is dark and welcoming with comfortable ambiance.  The staff is very friendly and accommodating, without being overwhelming. The bathroom is squeaky clean and it smells good.  Their house spread, a spicy, creamy cheese, is to die for. I had a very inexpensive wine, Strofilia, for $35.  It tasted like a $70 bottle. Otherwise, the food was good. I ordered the Moussaka and it was light and savory.  A dish your mama could make.  If she's like my mama... I will definitely go back and bring some people.  Don't overlook this one.
Wanted to love this place but they screw you at the bar service. We ordered the medium krya plate and were not given enough bread to finish the dips.  When I asked for more bread the server (demetri) told me he didn't want me to sit and order bread all night w my $20 appetizer among other things. Food was decent but someone must be impressed w their Michelin recommendation because I wasn't.  Terrible service from him a they gave up 2 stars for that.  The Hostess was delightful.
My bf and I came here for brunch outdoors on the sunniest Sunday:) Delicious potatoes omelette and brioche with Nutella and Greek yogurt ! Smaller, but substantial portions kept us fatties in check. It looked closed so we sat down to wait for the place next door. The waiter was going to let us sit there even if we didn't plan to eat = awesome dude.
Wow, was really impressed by how amazing the experience was! We tried the grilled feta with honey and Greek salad as appetizers and it's flavorful and well balanced. My main was a moussaka and it's probably the best one I tried so far! My friends had the lamb (phenomenal) and the shrimps (delicious)! Service was exemplar, waiter being attentive, replacing silverware between dishes and having great reco for wines. Last but not least it's a pretty romantic place !
Greek restaurants are a lot like Mexican restaurants in that, all too often, they fall into a tired cliche of what restaurants of that ethnicity are supposed to be.  We all too easily think of tacos and burritos when we ponder Mexican, but there is so much more to that nationality's cuisine.  The same goes for Greek cuisine.   So easy to think of shishkebobs, stuffed grape leaves or spinach pies, of Bahklava, etc... but there is much more depth and design to Greek food than that. And if you want to find out what that is - visit The Greek! I was charmed at the telephone call, when Dmitri, on the other end of the line, offered to hold a table in the back for myself and Kim, even though they do not normally take reservations for parties of two.  He was effusive and versed at his craft and made me look forward to the visit. Once there, we were pleased by the ambience of the place.  It was dark and intimate, with a cavern-like, very European feel, despite its Tribecean location.  And sure enough, Dmitri was there to greet us and led us to a little table in the back, a little removed from the packed phalanx of other tables. We were dazzled by the menu.  So many choices, all sounding delectible, so many entrees and appetizers bearing familiar notes and ingredients but concocted in new and daring ways. We chose the patzari - roasted beets, greek yogurt, pistachios and cretan honey, and the octapodi - which consisted of grilled octopus with peppers, capers, pickled onions, and a bacon vinaigrette.  Both dishes were inspired and outstanding.  The octopus, in particular, was tender, succulent and sharply flavored.  Wonderful. For entrees, I had the pancetta, which consisted of four or five generous pork belly slices with spinach over orzo that had been tossed with a bit of yogurt.  So completely rich and sinful.  I actually couldn't finish it but took it home and had it with a fried egg for breakfast the next day.  It was even better! Kim had the scallops with parsnip puree - also wonderful.  Three enormous ocean scallops, grilled to perfection.  And those are hard to get right.   I liked that the servings expressed generosity without being overly gratuitous. Our attendant was gracious and discreet, leaving us to our private enjoyment of the meal and only approaching, with a practiced eye, at opportune moments, to refill our glasses or ask us about the meal. All in all a first class experience.  I look forward to my next visit.
Went there twice - 1st time was for drinks and Dimitris the bartender amazed us with his cocktails.! 2nd time i tried the food and i highly recommend it! I am partially Greek so i know greek food..and this place has the best meat, bread and dips i've ever tasted. I even had desert and OMG i couldn't stop eating it! You have to visit the Greek!
The food was amazing. The spreads selection was delicious and the bread was fresh out of the oven. The waitstaff was very friendly and attentive. I live in the area and will definitely make this a frequent restaurant of choice.
After having dinner at the Greek, I now understand the perfect star rating on Yelp.  They've really perfected the customer's experience and addressed ambiance, food quality, decor, cost and customer service.  And they even make it look effortless.   This is seriously the PERFECT date night spot, with a live violinist and all.  The dim, soothing light was easy on the eyes and there was no Manhattan hustle and bustle, just lovely folks enjoying a pleasant dinner.   We were starving and heavily considering ordering a cold starter with 4 different dips, but our server was quick to point out it isn't worth it since he was going to give us starter bread along with one of the dips anyway (which is organic and wickedly good) so he steered us in the direction of some hot appetizers (the Grandma meatballs and some Pite).  We then decided to share the Kota Chicken as our entree.  Every dish was A++ and I'd definitely reorder all 3 the next time.  This isn't fast food so you might have to wait 20-30 minutes for some dishes, it's so worth it though.  Portions are not large, but decent and regular-sized portions.   The above 3 items fed 2 ladies and we were pleasantly full (not stuffed) without any additional room for dessert.  I'd recommend ordering additional item(s) if there are any males in the dining party.  We were quite happy with the bill - not too expensive at all!
Early dinner here - lots to like, but room for improvement, too. The good: nice, cozy, well-designed space with warm, welcoming ambiance; friendly, solicitous hosts; and attentive service. Our (split) entree was very good: we had the lavraki, pan-seared sea bass with tomato braised Greek lentils. The fish was fresh and skillfully cooked -- moist and tender -- and the lentils were a savory, well-seasoned accompaniment, providing nice textural contrast. The preceding mezedes however were a mixed bag (and portioned on the small side across the board). Spreads -- steep at $20 for 4 tiny bowls -- were pretty average: bland tzatziki, overly-fishy tarama, good sharp tirokafteri but watery, pablum-like fava. Patzaria -- roasted beets with greek yogurt, pistachios and honey -- were simple and good. Feta psiti -- pan fried cheese -- was also good, but the octapodi (grilled octopus with florina pepper, capers & pickled onions) was a let-down: unpleasantly fishy-tasting and cut into too-small pieces. With a bottle of red Greek wine ($70), the tab with tip came to $107/pp. Given that we split an entree, that felt on the high side. Overall a good dinner, but had the apps been better / less uneven, this would have been a **** meal / experience.
This quaint restaurant in Tribeca with a wonderful ambiance and interior and service that was friendly and on point. You can't expect more from service. We were here for a birthday celebration. The group got a great niche table that was private but yet still felt part of the restaurant activities. The group decided to order several small dishes to share and an entree to share as the portions were on the smallish side from our server. Nice for a romantic rendezvous and couples sitting underneath the trellis but not so good for a group of 8. The Grilled octopus was tender and delicious. The meatballs was in a nice tomato sauce. The calamari was excellently seasoned. The grape leaves served warm even though it was not meat filled was very good. We loved the spread selection for the warm pita appetizer. The table decided to share the mixed grill which usually is for two people. The meat tender and seasoned nicely. The restaurant is an absolute delight. The service. The food. All to be expected in Tribeca. What it also come with is the high price tag.
Was there last week and late with a review, but perfect perfect perfect Greek food. Service was spot on, warm and welcoming, and decidedly unpretentious. Most definitely try the lavraki.
Beautiful and clean interior. Wonderful, healthy, fresh and tasty food options. Place is perfect for groups or a date night! I cant wait to come back!!!!
I decided to venture out to the Greek on a Sunday night with my family. Upon entering the restaurant, I was very impressed by the decor and ambiance of the place. I immediately got excited for the upcoming meal. The waiter was bubbly, vivacious, and helpful when it came to explaining the menu. He added several tidbits/factoids about certain items on the menu which was a nice touch. Our party downed the suggested bottle of 'organic' wine as we devoured the appetizers and bread. The mixed grill was quite tasty; succulent sausages accompanied perfectly cooked lamb chops served next to the best beef patties I've had in a while. My family usually orders the check for dessert; however, after seeing the desserts the couple next to us were eating, we made the decision to step out of our comfort zone. We were not disappointed. The feta cheesecake was out of this world. While the food was amazing, I would've preferred the portions to be a tad bit more in relation to the relatively high prices. The greek salad, while delicious, was quite small for its price tag. Don't let this sway your opinion though. I highly recommend Greek to anyone who wants some good old fashioned Greek food in TriBeCa.
This place is truly a little gem in Tribeca. The decor and ambiance creates the feeling of a really authentic family-owned Greek restaurant. Very comfortable and cute. The food is fresh and delicious.
Went there recently and I liked the place, service and location.   The food was very good and a slight homemade twist on Greek.   We tried 4 appetizers and 3 dishes.   The Greek salad was the smallest salad I have ever seen for $17.   The spinach and cheese pies were very good, stuffed grape leaves were excellent.  Moussaka, snapper and steak were all good.   Only complaint is the pricing for the portions is way off.  If you are going to charge that much then the dishes should not be tapas.   Menu was much smaller the what I saw online as well.
I came here with a friend to celebrate some good news. We ordered a bottle of wine and then another, toasting the achievements and the work that led us to this point. The selections, both Greek and from elsewhere in Europe and South America, were well matched to the Mediterranean fare and available at reasonable price points. We laughed and remembered and celebrated the ultimate positive outcome. We ordered like people in need of glutinous debauchery, getting all of the spreads. These were generously portioned, but with just a little bit of bread per person. I understand the standard sizing of bread, and the desire for it to be as hot as possible, but when you get four full bowls of mashed beans and cheeses, it's not great to have to ask for more bread  every five minutes. It also awkwardly breaks up the meal, which was fine here because that meant more wine, but an unnecessary complication. Our mixed grill for two represented a very generous amount of food. I particularly enjoyed the cheese stuffed ground meat, which reminded me of something I had at an Albanian restaurant in the Bronx recently. (Clearly these are related dishes.) The charred meats are not on the level of say, the Azeri restaurant Old Baku, but they are very satisfying and well presented. The warm lighting and small enclaves built into this space are perhaps the most appealing part of the restaurant. Great for a date, or in this case a totally platonic evening out, the Greek is winner. That's my good news to everyone here.
The Greek is truly the most amazing restaurant in NYC! We walked into a fun, and genuine environment and it only got better from there! The cocktails were incredible -- try the bartender's choice. Then the food...to die for. We got the Greek salad, meatballs and fried feta. It was all incredible, hands down. What an outstanding experience -- Tom and Phillip are amazing! I will visit this place every time I'm in town from LA! GO NOW!
This place has really good cocktails and a great atmosphere.  I got the old-fashioned and the balance was perfect.  My friends got other drinks... I can't remember what they were but they were equally delicious. The service is attentive and it's a nice space for a small group.  The restaurant is cozy, warm and just gives you (or me) a happy fuzzy feeling inside. Out of the many dishes we got, my favorites were the bread, the tirokafteri, and the octapodi.
My favorite restaurant in the city. Amazing food. Amazing staff. Can't wait to go back.
The Greek sits in a part of Tribeca that you forget exists. It doesn't feel like a Manhattan restaurant. The thing that stands out at the Greek is the sheer inability to compromise. This is a restaurant that invites you for dinner and bathes you in attention. But if you don't like it, you can go fuck yourself. Are you an Interior designer who thinks native farm equipment isn't art? The Greek don't care. Want a bottle of wine from any country besides Greece? The Greek don't care. Want to sample some "Mediterranean fare"? You know the stuff loved by people who think Greece and Israel are the same country? The Greek don't care. Want a cocktail that doesn't include Greek liquor? Well... the Greek sort of cares about that actually--it has a full bar. But their cocktail menu is pretty much all stuff you've never heard of combined in ways you never thought of, each drink more delicious than the last. I didn't sample all the cocktails but only because the first five's effect wouldn't allow me to. It's an ouzo/Mataxa-phile's heaven. But you can still get your martini. The food tastes like food made by a Greek person. And the restaurant has a really social, neighborhood-y vibe. It's the kind of place where you accidentally make friends. Best enjoyed in large, lazy doses. Like a Greek island.
Great Greek wines and food with an amazing ambience.
food is incredible. Like so amazing. Service was good but it was a busy night so a little slow. The hummus with capers is the best thing I've tasted in a long time. I would recommend this to any and everyone. A little bit more expensive than I thought. All the apps were above 10 dollars. Amazing cocktails too but still a little pricey. But the quality of food makes it worth it.
Nice restaurant on a quiet block in Tribeca - the staff could not be more friendly and welcoming.  It's noisy and a busy bar and dining scene.  The décor is warm and engaging, not exactly Greek (I am not sure that the moose antlers came from Greece) but comfy seating and a pretty table with pottery and big checkered napkins. The wine list has lots of Greek wines by the glass- different from the usual Chardonnay/Cabernets, but delicious.  They serve a little pail of warm bread which is yummy and the food is very good.  I had the sea bass with lentils, it comes fileted with a wonderful herby infusion, and the tomato cooked lentils were perfect. My companion had the moussaka - he was a bit disappointed and found it soupier than he likes - but the genial manager came over and actually listened to our suggestions (not complaints, it's a matter of taste after all).  We goofed on the salad, thought we were ordering a green salad and we got a salad of little cubes of bread - not a favorite, as it seemed a bit bland.  The shrimp cooked Saganaki style were wonderful and flavorful.  So good food, nice ambience and very pleasant staff all add up to a 4-star experience.
My husband are I were in NYC visiting for the weekend. I used to live in the city for 7 years, so every time I visit I like to try new places. We found The Greek by looking at favorable yelp reviews and it was reasonably priced. The restaurant is cozy and has nice rustic decor. The food was amazing to boot. We had the Pazaria  to start (beets, manouri cheese, quail egg). My husband ordered the Mouksaka and I had Kota (chicken and carrots). They were both flavorful. We left feeling satisfied but not overly stuffed. The staff was also very friendly and helpful. It is these kind of dining experiences that make me want to move back to the city.
Excellent drinks and food. The price range is more in the $$$ area.
What a Wonderful experience my family and I had at the Greek. Service was impeccable the decor is home rustic style which is welcoming. The food my god, from the starters to the main and let's not forget the dessert it was perfectly authentic. They deserve higher then 5 stars, I will definitely go again and its a must go!!!!! You won't regret it
As a solo woman diner, you can really tell a lot about a restaurant by the way they treat you if you're eating alone and not ordering alcohol. This place really took me under their wing, extending kindness, warm hospitality and some of the best light and tasty Greek food I've ever eaten. The horitaki Greek salad was a revelation; you've never tasted anything so fresh, herbaceous and delicious; it's impossible to go back to any Americanized Greek salad once you taste it. The unusual grilled bread and taramasalata (fish roe) dip were also soul-satisfying and the dip was delightfully not salty, yet full of flavor. When I ordered the custard/phyllo dessert, they apologized for having to whip up a new batch and gave me a small complimentary fruit plate that was very enjoyable. I found this place by accident one hungry night in Tribeca, and it's a reminder of just how wonderful New York food can be when you find the right place with the right kind of gracious, unpretentious service. I'll be returning to The Greek many times in the future as this is a real find!
Stumbled into this place by accident - seriously lol. We were looking for Estancia which happened to the place next door. Well good thing because estancia was still only serving brunch (eggs and sandwiches) until 5pm and it was 4pm. We walked back over to the Greek and were delighted to see they were serving from their full menu. We ordered the mixed grill and an extra side of rice and OMG was it delicious!!! Even the bread that comes out first is served with this delicious fresh tzaziki and spicy feta cheese. This restaurant knows flavor AND wine. Our bottle was the perfect accompaniment to our meal. Their service was outstanding! Try the cheesecake for sure!!! It's unlike any other cheesecake I've ever had. We were told "it will haunt your dreams" and god yes.. It does in the best way. We'll def be back!!!
This place never disappoints. From the ridiculously friendly and attentive staff (including owner Tom who is always there and remembered more about our last visit there than even we did!) to the food and decor, you really can't go wrong with The Greek. We let Dimitry take the lead at the bar with our cocktails, and we weren't disappointed. His latest signature drink (the Santorini Whiskey Sour) was incredible, the Ouzo cocktails were delicious without being overwhelmingly licoricey, and the Vin Santo that finished the meal was the best I've ever had (including in Santorini itself!) As for the food, we let our server take the lead there. Everything was delicious! The standouts for sure were the eggplant dip (it's so new it's not even on their online menu yet and has a long Greek name that I can't remember), the Keftedes (grandma's meatballs) and the lamb chops, though the ridiculously simple and delicious Greek Salad was not far behind. We went here for my boyfriend's birthday and the staff was great. Tom was nice enough to store a cake in the back while we dined, and he played along as we pretend ordered desserts, only to then bring out the cake with a sparkler that he'd found. Top notch service!
The food here is phenomenal, very tasty and rustic home-Greek cooking, with clearly fresh and natural ingredients. The portions are on the small side (like Greek tapas), but the flavors are outstanding. The grilled pepper, the burger stuffed with cheese, the hand-made phyllo dough pies, the eggplant, the meatballs, yum yum yum... Great decor as well, very homey and cosy with a nice touch of sophistication. Very helpful staff and genuinely interested in helping you out. The wine list is also a great representation of Greece, I found the organic and robust Staphylus red to be a great companion to our grilled meats.
This place is awesome ... Great ambience, always lively but never overcrowded, great food, reasonable prices, and amazing service.  My wife and I went there and had a great dining experience ... When it came time to order dessert my wife wanted a coffee ... The waiter came back a minute later and said the bar was too busy and it would be a few min before they could make coffee and he offered to comp our dessert and throw in two free glasses of dessert wine (Vinsanto, which was fantastic). Definitely try the backlava .... Not the typical kind you see with flat sheets of filo pastry ... More of a role, a bit different but delicious and melts in your mouth. They definitely have achieved the authentic feel of a upscale Athens Taverna, and luckily for me I live one block away.  I will be back many times.
We stopped in hungry and hoping for a good meal after a lousy "dinner" at Smith & Mills (see separate review). The Greek does not offer the type of Greek cuisine with which most Americans are familiar and for which we had a hankering, e.g., moussaka and spanakopita. The menu is somewhat daunting as a result. The Greek, our waiter told us, reflects the taverna food of the mountainous region in Greece where the owner and staff are from. The menu offered mostly small plates. I was very surprised and disappointed at the paucity of lamb dishes, but we finally settled on a few items: - Vegan dolmades ($7)  were clearly made with fresh grape leaves - versus those jarred and packed in water. They were sautéed or lightly grilled, judging by the slight char which added a lot of flavor, and dressed with excellent olive oil. - Baby octopi ($15) - Three grilled infant cephalopods dressed in a bacon vinaigrette. They were fantastic; the highlight of the meal. - Greek meatballs ($9) - Tasty and moist, served with a simple tomato sauce - Grilled eggplant ($9) - Roasted and stuffed with red and yellow peppers; simple but good. The complimentary bread basket was served with three sauces, including a slightly spicy, creamy sauce. Six or eight bites of two types of cheese were also provided gratis. Service was very good. I agree with a previous reviewer who knocked the beer selection - Alfa tastes just like Heineken, i.e., awful -- and what is up with the terrible, too loud 80s pop soundtrack. The trite noise detracts from the physical appeal of the well-designed space. Play some electronica, New Age or jazz if traditional Greek is too much. Overall, we had a good experience. The ingredients were all fresh and the dishes were well-composed. These people care about the food they serve. Would I go back? Potentially. But as the owner said in a recent Village Voice article, The Greek is not a destination restaurant. It is a neighborhood place you pop into if and when convenient. Please let me know what you think of this review by clicking a  button below.
Went for lunch on my last day in Tribeca before returning to Chicago.  What a glorious experience.  The Greek salad (ripe tomatoes, cucumber, feta and arugula) was fantastic, the artichoke with fennel and bechamel, fabulous, the octapodi...stupendi and the pork belly with orzo utterly delicious.  The ambiance was beautifully Mediterranean and the music very soulful.  Tom was especially helpful in setting the stage for a wonderful dining experience.  Thank you for such a wonderful summer afternoon meal!
I'll add to the 5 star reviews! The food, atmosphere, and service were all AMAZING! Four of us sampled several of the smaller plates last night and everything was great.   Loved the stuffed eggplant and stuffed pepper!  Loved the dips, meat balls and chicken skewers!  We tried a few others with pastry also!   We had a nut and gluten allergy in the group and both needs were accommodated.  I am pregnant and they made me a fancy non-alcoholic cocktail! We LOVED the wine and specialty cocktails. The place is SO cozy AND good - I cannot wait to return!
The Greek is just starting out to be fair, but they have a long way to go! Service was inconsistent: at first we had at least one server, but as the meal progressed we had to ask for bread several times, desert menu twice, and waited for a falsely advertised desert for 20 minutes. It also seemed like all of the wait staff were inexperienced, for example: chicken came out and we were still sitting with butter knives, we had to ask for heftier cutlery. All of the waiters were apologetic... no need to apologize, just be consistently attentive. Food: Tasty food, small portions however. For desert we ordered the "halva" - this was not halva by any standard definition. Halva is a sesame-based desert, this tasted like a toasted couscous w/honey sorta deal, served with white chocolate. Maybe this is greek "halva"? The food was the best part of the experience, as it should be, but I think the portion sizes need to be more clearly communicated (the appetizer portion of the Grilled Octopus w/ bacon vinaigrette came with 3 small pieces of grilled octopi) Music: too loud, too obnoxious. At one point "I'm Turning Japanese" came on - the playlist was essentially a "Shitty Top 40s List from the 80s". I'd suggest going to Pandora and typing in Shuggie Otis and let that play for the night Alcohol: Need a better beer selection - they have 2 beers in bottles: Alfa and Heineken - they are essentially the same beer by taste. Not sure about wine or liquor selection, though. I probably won't go back unless I see improving reviews
The Greek was a pleasant walk from our hotel through some quiet residential blocks.  We almost missed the restaurant since it, and others in the area, have taken on a very discrete external look.  The restaurant has a nice atmosphere and a very friendly and attentive staff.  The menu is upscale for Greek restaurants.  Portions are what I would call right-sized.  Not tiny, but certainly not the take-me-home-for-another-meal style often found in Greek restaurants. My wife and I shared a Greek Salad and then the Mixed Grill.  The salad was very nice, again much lighter than you often get in restaurants.  The tomatoes had taste, which automatically put The Greek up a notch.  The meats on the mixed grill were tasty and cooked perfectly.  It's hard to get a chicken breast kabob to be juicy, but they did it.  The sausage on the mixed grill was my favorite. The meal came with a few small pieces of awesome bread and Tzatziki to spread on it.  They also made a mistake and brought us a chopped chicken liver appetizer that had been ordered by another table, but rather than take it away offered it to us (at no charge of course).  Mistakes like that I can take :-) We shared a couple of desserts which were excellent, and the Greek Coffee was strong and (as I ordered it) sweet. Overall a great meal and a place I'd recommend for a date night, finer dining, Greek food experience.
This is a wonderful restaurant with a great atmosphere.  It is cozy and romantic, yet not too quiet.  The service was great and we all enjoyed our meals, although I cannot say we loved them, hence the four stars.  We tried the fried feta cheese, stuffed grape leaves, and meatballs which were all good. My NYC friends who joined us were really pleased with the everything.  Prices were reasonable for a good NYC meal.
I'm happy to say that I've found my new favorite Greek joint. The Greek's owners and staff have put a lot of heart into this place, and it shows. The gorgeous decor, friendly people, and inspired food all came together to set the stage for a very fun Friday night dinner with a group of friends. We had a group of four snacking on shared plates and Sauvignon Blanc (exclusively Greek wine list here). It turned into somewhat of a tasting frenzy - we kept ordering more and more, and every new plate they put in front of us was outstanding! - assortment of olives, meats, cheese, & spreads. With a glass of white wine and the bread, this is my idea of heaven. The creamy spicy sauce was my fave! - rega - smoked herring (salty and delicious) - feta psiti - pan-friend feta (YUM) - octapodi - grilled octopus w/bacon vinaigrette (this was the standout of the meal for me) - brizola - bone in lamb chop (perfect mid-rare) - pilafi - rice w/greek yogurt & lemon - melitzana - roasted eggplant w/ herb dressing - patzaria - beets & stems (I typically don't like beets, but I cleaned the plate!) - dessert: watermelon w/a drizzle of ouzo & sprinkled with feta (I tried this one out of curiosity, and was blown away! Might try to recreate it this one at home) Can't wait to come back for another cozy dinner with friends :)
Hubby took me here for my birthday last night.....one word......Amazing!  Okay, Here's another.....Superb!   We decided to try several appetizers instead of entree's and enjoyed everything!  Our two favorite things were the scallops and the warm (yes, I said warm!) stuffed grape leave! The staff was very gracious and helpful in making choices. We will definitely be back!!
Atmosphere feels like a club but with great food! Came here with group for birthday and they were very accommodating. Servers were excellent!
Busy, busy, busy. However, it was a Friday night, so understandable. We arrived with no reservation and the owner, Tom, found us a table almost immediately. The timing was just right. So, let's hit the points... Ambiance: There's a lot going on, but it never interfered with our dining experience. The environment is relaxed amidst chaos. The establishment itself is decorated beautifully and had a warm, inviting feel. Service: This, to me, is the most important factor. I'm willing to return to a restaurant if the service is great, even if the food isn't. With that being said, our server was very inattentive and seemed to be very rushed when he did arrive at our table all three times. He appeared to sell us a bottle of wine/take our order, sell a second bottle of wine and take our money. When he brought our bottle of wine, both times, he didn't bother to present the bottle and he was already working on opening it before he even got to our table. Although our server didn't quite meet expectations, the server assistant was outstanding. She was always available when we needed something and she even took time to go over the desserts and make recommendations. And finally, Tom was exceptionally pleasant. From getting us a table in a packed restaurant to taking care of a bottle of wine that was spilled and ensuring that we left happy, he was delightful. And on top of this, I called the day after, thinking I left my bag at my table, and just by telling him what kind of bag I had, he responded, "Is this Logan?" I don't know anywhere else where the owner pays such close attention to their guests. I was blown away by this simple gesture. Food: All of the food was excellent! We shared the feta spinach phyllo as an appetizer. For my entree, I had the horiatiki salad and a side of oven roasted potatoes. My guest had the lamb. And for dessert, we shared the galaktoboureco and a pistachio baklava. Everything was just delicious! Overall, our dining experience was terrific and I'm only giving four stars, because service is such a big deal to me and ours was subpar. Will I be back? Without a doubt!
Superb service and food.
You cannot find a more welcoming place. They have wonderful food and drinks. The owner and his whole staff are Aces if I could give this place more stars I would. The atmosphere is beautiful and inviting.  You are not rushed here but instead very welcome to stay, hang out, and talk with the staff. Authenic Greek food that has been given an elegant twist without being pretentious. GO! Start off with an old fashioned, then some medouli, and follow with a special of the day and finish it off with the feta cheesecake (yes you read that right..Feta cheesecake)! The cheesecake is a must.
Ok $15 greek salad considered of all of 4 tomatoes and 5 cubes of feta with a sprinkle of greens.  It was good but not that good.  It was wicked expensive for a salad.  Unfortunately they lost me on this one and I won't be back although they did get a Michelin 2014 rating.
Looking for a nice and cosy way to spend your evening in TriBeCa? Then head to the Greek. Really good cocktails (ANY cocktail...), and traditional greek food. Try a little bit of everything, since a lot of the plates are like tapas. The place looks really amazing, with wood everywhere, nice big tables. You can sit at the bar and talk to other people, or choose the privacy of a small table. You can also enjoy a table outside, as it is not a crowded street. Loved it!
We went two nights in a row- seriously! The signature cocktail is made with the spiced honey syrup they use in the baklava and it's deelish. The food is divine. Lamb shank like rich, moist and falling off the bone. I had grilled octopus and beet salad. Both were fresh and very tasty. Lovely staff.
OK, I will add to all the five star reviews! :)  I was in the city with my son and my cousins visiting the NYC Fire Dept Museum and used my Yelp app to find a restaurant nearby.  We decided to check out The Greek in Tribeca based on all the five star reviews.  First of all, the restaurant is beautiful and so cozy.  Second of all, I need to disagree with the Yelp filter that claims this restaurant is "good for kids".  Fortunately it was 3 PM on a rainy Sunday and the place was almost empty so I felt a little less awkward bringing my 2.5 year old son here.  But it's definitely nicer than the typical kid-friendly restaurants we frequent.   Ok so let's get to the food.  We shared three small plates and all of it was delicious!  The calimari dish was my favorite as the arugula had a deliciously salty goodness of a dressing that kept me coming back for more and rudely finishing the plate without asking anyone if they wanted any more. ;)  The chicken satay, while a typical dish, was elevated above others by the delicious roasted red pepper spread that accompanied the chicken.  It was so good that I stopped the waiter from attempting to clear the plate before I finished the spread on my bread.  The third dish was a roasted eggplant which was also very tasty and one of my fellow diner's favorites.  It came out in a beautiful presentation as well with the whole eggplant shape on the plate.  The complimentary bread and chickpea spread were abundant and very good.  Everything we ate was well-balanced and perfectly salted.  Service was good and I appreciate that no one gave us the stink eye for bringing in a rambunctious toddler.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant!
Absolutely awesome. Food, decor, atmosphere, service, management was as good as it gets. That's worth 4 stars in my book. Yet the attention to detail in every one of the above mentioned aspects make it a 5 star experience. I will be back. I highly recommend.
Delicious Authentic Northern greek style food :) I appreciated their fabulous service and the food was sooooooooooo tasty! Do not hesitate to dine here you will NOT regret it :)
Food is awesome!!! Omg.. They must have a new Chef there who's dishes are really talking out. Tremendous flavors. I went there for Valentines Day with my husband and I had on the most amazing food experience. I had the lavraki dish w/ tomato braised lentils & my husband had the scallop dish which was to die for. At the end we had the dessert which was choc ice cream w/ white eggplant sauce (woooww) , caviar made out of balsamico with some amazing powder at the bottom . So sexy. That's what I call NY dining experience.definetely 5 stars . Bravisimo Chef!!
I threw a 12-person surprise birthday party for a friend last night (Friday).  Tom (the Experience Curator and I think manager) and his staff were great.  They were super-friendly and had everything set up when we arrived.   The food was fantastic.  I split the rabbit special and bifteki with friends, both of which I'd recommend.  However, everything we ordered was great.  And even more impressive was the service.  It was very refreshing to have such a warm, attentive staff.  I'd highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good spot in Tribeca.
Very good authentic Greek cuisine.  Everything was perfect.  I was truly impressed.  Bravo.
Great place for drinks or food - friendly staff and owner great and engaging. Pet Friendly (outside) Great local spot!!
We love The Greek TriBeCa! The atmosphere is cozy Greek and TriBeCa cool...it takes you back to rustic Thessaloniki. The owner and staff make sure to take care of you as if you are a regular.  The appetizers are authentic and well executed: the tomatoes in the salad are sweet and tasty like you cannot imagine in the US, the spreads are delicate yet flavorful, the cheese and spinach pies are like a Greek Yiayia's (grandma). Everything on the grill is properly done from the fish to the steak to the outstanding lamb chops. And to finish, try the creative feta cheesecake; not your typical Greek dessert or your typical NYC cheesecake, but the epitome of the fusion of both.
Really incredible food and atmosphere. All homemade dishes. Literally grandmothers' recipes. The service is unbelievably friendly and accommodating.  I sincerely hope that this restaurant does well and gains traction for the sole reason that far too few restaurants in the city have this quality of food and service with so little facade and fake attitude. You can tell that the people here love their food, their business, and are ready to make you feel good whenever you come to dine with them.
Food:  everything was great.  Grilled octopus, fried feta, Greek salad, bread and the other Greek standards.  All were done with a nice twist to the usual taverna fare.  Main dishes, fish, mixed grill and chicken were all done to perfection.   Greek wines were good and earthy.   Service:  staff was very friendly and attentive.  The staff definitely added to the night.   Atmosphere:  nice ambiance.  A bit loud in the front but it was a Saturday night.   Try to get seats in the back.   Value:  This is where the one star gets lost.  A bit pricey for the food.   $18 for grilled octopus appetizer? Wines priced well. Overall:  great neighborhood spot and we will definitely be back.
I went here for an anniversary dinner and had an amazing experience. Dimitri and the entire staff were fantastic, and the food was delicious. They have a great cocktail and wine list too. I will be back.
Came by for dinner last night. We were just strolling by, and noticed the restaurant had taken over the old Turks and Frogs space and decided to check it out. The staff was very inviting, and the cocktails were excellent. I got a Greek mojo-type thing, which was so good I ended up drinking four. The food was also really great. We got some complimentary spreads that were fun and great. We shared the mixed grill for 2. The food was very fresh, and the meat was perfectly seasoned. Great neighborhood spot. We will certainly be back.
Little sui generis place on the far west side. Excellent, distinct Greek cuisine. Well staffed and nice atmosphere. Among many delightful tastes over the course of the evening, the octopus had a delicious, consistently-held tang of a duration bordering on the supernatural.
Just had a surprise birthday dinner here and the owner and everyone there were so accommodating and wonderful. The surprise was executed perfectly. The food and wine were great too. The pancetta entree was amazing. Everyone at the table also tried the octopadi appetizer and loved it. Everyone also kept saying how pretty the restaurant was and asking me how I came to find it. Definitely a gem tucked away in Tribeca.
Always walk by the place on our strolls on Greenwich Street, but so glad we finally stopped in. The food is really tasty, we had the dips, the calamari and egg plant for appetizers and they were all amazing. For entrees we did a Greek salad and the chicken dish, which I highly recommend. The wine selection is limited, BUT they did a great job picking the wines, as the bottles we had were awesome and the best part is that they were reasonably prices. Finally, the service was excellent, they do a great job making you feel welcome and making sure you have a great experience.
The Greek is by far my favorite authentic Greek cuisine place!!! Everything from the decor, service and food was spectacular!
Don't miss this hidden gem! The staff made us feel welcome, never rushing our meal as we enjoyed drinks, dinner and dessert on a big cozy leather couch. The ouzito is a great Greek interpretation of a mojito, great palate cleanser. We sampled all of the spreads, enjoyed the spicy olives and the grilled bread......yum! Don't miss the grilled octopus, also a winner. Can't wait to bring a group!
Great place. Good staff, great food. I found this place on a very cold sunday night just looking to grab a quick bite. What followed was a great dining experience. I highly recommend you try some greek wine and the cheesecake here no matter what else you order. I had the chicken kota which was excellent.
This is a wonderful little gem. It's an upscale neighborhood restaurant with a great vibe. I've been here a few times and I've always been impressed with the food and the service. I love sitting at the bar because I get to converse with the friendly locals and watch Dimitri, the bartender (bonafide mixologist, really) craft some of the best cocktails I've had in the city. You can't really go wrong with the food -- it's authentic Greek and absolutely delicious. The small plates are the way to go so you can share and try a variety of different items -- my favorite being the eggplant dish. Go and enjoy this place before it gets discovered!
Came in her after seeing the good reviews on Yelp, and was so happy I did. Everything was fresh and delicious, especially the dolmas. The Greek coffee was custom made and so awesome that I drank three.
I was part of a group of 4 that stopped by for dinner last Friday evening.  The place was surprisingly busy considering it was just opened and it had been raining.  I think it speaks to the need for this kind of cuisine in the neighborhood. Food:  They were out of the fish so our entrees consisted entirely of meats.  We had the chicken and the mixed grill.  Everything we ate was delicious.  I would also say that it is well priced for the portion.  Any higher would give us pause and I am glad that they did not price entrees to high. Appetizers were also good.  Portions are meant for 2 people so take that into consideration.  We had to get 2 of most things which was just right where we did not feel too full before entrees arrived.  Which is at it should be.  The octopus was good although I think chef needs to mimic how it is done at Periyali with more of the meaty part of the octopus.  We just had the tentacles which some folks may not like.  But it was tasty nevertheless. Overall the quality of the ingredients really comes through. Deserts were pretty good although I would have liked one more traditional desert like a baklava which is small and can go well with an ouzo or Greek coffee.   As some of the other reviewers said, service was spotty at times but the place is new and I think the kinks will get worked out.  I found our waiter often in the front area attending to the people eating at the bar vs. having someone managing the people in the seated tables in the back.  Someone just needs to be the front of house manager until waiters get the hang of it.  But every person in the staff was super nice as helpful which offset these early quirks.   I also understand that the place is kid friendly which is good for families looking for a place to eat on the early side of dinner time.  That helps with building affinity with the neighborhood's residents.  Looking forward to going back.
This place is quite new, but that said, it shows excellent promise. Mediterranean-style cooking has obvious traits that make it a natural for shared plate dining, and The Greek has unlocked this dimension to present a smart, very satisfying dining experience. This type of cuisine is a personal favorite. At the end of my meal here, I walked away happy to have found a new variant that's executed with imagination and style. The menu revolves around a rich range of small plates that capture various elements of Greek cuisine - from the savory, to the hearty, to the refreshingly rich. I found myself taking pause after excellent offerings, like the meatballs, to make sure I wasn't rushing through the dishes. I was tempted to try everything at one. It was impressive how the plates all complemented one another with such precision. Some more standouts were the eggplant, which is nuanced and leaves you with a happy smile, and the bifteki, which tempts one to order seconds. The wine selection is filled with intriguing options from Greece - our waiter read the table astutely and brought over glasses of Oenosphist, a red that we thought was great.
This restaurant hits all the good spots. The food is delicious; the service is impeccable. The prices are somewhat higher than what they should be, but the overall dining experience is great.  The flava beans are phenomenal. So is the lavraki fish. The waiters are knowledgeable about Greek wine and offer options which may make you reevaluate your opinion of Greek wine. Try the Vinsanto dessert wine.
I like the Greek but I went Thursday night with another couple and we ordered 4 entrees and 30 minutes later the waiter came back to tell us that they ran out of all of them.   We ended up eating entrees we really didn't want and it turned out to be a challenging experience.  They did comp us on 3 of the 4 entrees but the experience was pretty weak.  We have been there before and have liked it but this was pretty out of bounds.  If you go please ask the waiter to make sure they have what you are ordering so this does not happen to you.
This is a place I highly recommend!   At first we weren't  sure what wine to order with our food, and  the waiter came back with some great choices for us to try out. The staff was courteous and professional. It was a pleasant dining experience!
I would've given this place 4 stars if it wasn't for the extremely small portions for very high prices. The ambiance and service was excellent. We were here on Valentine's day so they only had a select variety of dishes to choose from. The appetizer prices were steep - we ordered the calamari as well as the grilled octopus - $15 each for a small portion. For the entree, I ordered the scallops dish. $32 for THREE pieces of scallops. Didn't even come with any potato or bread or vegetables. The scallops were really tender and flavorful. However, $10 for one scallop is really expensive. My fiance ordered the brizola. For $35, the dish comprised of about 8 one-inch strips of steak with a side of potatoes. We left the restaurant hungry which was quite disappointing.
This place is fantastic.  The atmosphere is cozy and welcoming, with plenty of space.  The food is fabulous, and is pretty authentic.  Everyone who worked here was friendly and attentive.  If you come get the meat sampler so you can try everything.  Pro tip: dipping fries in tzatziki will change your life, man.
I was in the city and wanted Greek food and my boyfriend and I came here and it was such a great choice. I loved it the mood the food and the service. If you would good feel comfort food this is the spot I recommend this place hands down. Just the drive was bad to come in the city but great
Amazing service, food and cocktails! Make sure you try the cheesecake!
Outstanding food, great environment, a great neighborhood place.
So pleasantly surprised at how beautiful this place was. The decor and lighting is just so inviting. Staff is professional and attentive. Food is inventive and new. Nice way to start a night in the city. Check the dips out they're not to be missed.
Beautiful.  Love this place.  Exactly what a restaurant should be.  Great food, atmosphere.  Go now.
What an absolute gem. Fantastic service, absolutely delicious food, and decent prices (considering the rest of the neighborhood). The warm bread and hummus served first is your first sign the food's going to be amazing. I had the Greek coffee, which was some of the best coffee I've ever had. I had the cheese-stuffed pepper and the Greek salad, which were great. The space is really cozy and beautifully decorated. I can't wait to go back here.
I must say what grabbed my attention at first was the drastic change in the design from the previous restaurant. Being Greek myself I valued seing  a lot of elements in the space that I would see in my own hometown, Sparta and particularly in Monemvasia. The  distressed trellis with the vines, the stoned and textured walls, the stained glass and dental molding really took me back home for a second. There was a great energy overall that made me relax and hopefully enjoy my expectations for their Greek cousine and I must say I don't think it can get more authentic than this. The grilled vegetables and eggplant are by far the best I have had especially the pork souvlaki, which was so moist versus the dried out burned souvlaki, it's hard to get but they got it. I did have to wait a few extra minutes for my main course but it was their soft opening and it was definitely worth the wait. I would recommend this place for the great experience. Thank you for introducing something simple and authentic which represent our Greek cousine.
This place is amazing. First of all, its beautiful - warm and elegant and rustic. The food is amazing. They give you delish mezze type dips when you sit down, toasted fluffy pita. The food was perfect - authentic but not too greasy or garlicky, as some greek food can be. I will be coming back often... a great neighborhood spot and 100% worth a visit
