Awesome place : ) so many talents here, unbelievable. Came on a Monday night, and lots of excitement, thumbs up. Be mindful of the bill, tip is included :)
Visited NYC (8/1/14) and was invited out for the live music.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but I had a great time!! The band sung various genres, so there is definitely something for everyone. Guests should definitely arrive early. A friend  booked a big table to accommodate our large group, so that was a plus! The drinks were blah and I was disappointed that we were made to purchase 2 drinks per person.  I refused to pay over $10 for another cocktail, so I went for the water. $4 for a 16oz bottle   Also, bring cash!!! We were told that we could only use 3 cards per table
Love, love, love this place! I've been meaning to get here for months now. I love live music and when I moved to the city almost a year ago now I scouted Yelp and asked friends for recommendations on places to go, and this was top on my list. I went on a Friday night with a friend and had a blast! I made reservations online which I guess helps guarantee you a seat, although based on advice from other Yelpers my friend and I arrived about 20 minutes before the 10:00 show. We were seated in comfy booths in front of the stage but spent time alternating between singing along with the band, grooving in our seats and dancing on the floor in front of the stage. The energy was so live and everyone seemed to be having a good time! The musicians were entertaining not only with their songs, but also with the jokes and comments they'd make between songs. In the middle of the band's set the DJ played popular songs and kept the crowd up and dancing. I will definitely be back! Pros: 1. Prime location off the train W 4th st 2. Great /energy/ambiance 3. Talented performers 3. Laid back/not pretentious vibe Cons: 1. None
Love this place. Don't be put off by the $10 cover and drink minimum - the band is excellent and plays a wide range of genres. $10 to hear the vocal bliss of Sasha Allen and Amanda Brown is a straight-up steal. Both those beautiful ladies can sing like nobody's business. I wish I came here more often.
I came here with a group of people last Saturday night.  I have to admit that seeing live bands and dancing isn't my thing (I'm much more of a dive bar guy), so I was pleasantly surprised at the amount of fun I had dancing to a band that seemed to know exactly what I wanted to listen to.  The beers weren't too expensive (about $7), which helped fuel some of the fun as well. It was $12 to get into seeing the band -- it was totally worth it.  Honestly, I don't know how often I would go to this place, but I wish I had discovered it earlier during my time in New York.
In. Love. With this. Place. Came here to celebrate my ten year anniversary with my husband and maaaaaaaaaan it was the best decision we ever made. The music was slamming the drinks were amazing and we left with a grin on our face. It was the best. If we ever come back to NYC you can believe we will be back. YES!
This is cordial experience and highly joint of it. The guys are very nice and responsive too. It is spacious and nicely decorated too. I have been coming here for long time. drinks are awesome! I like to recommend to all.
Our first visit here tonight after dinner elsewhere. Read the reviews on Yelp and it was recommended by a good friend. In reading the reviews, I called in to make a reservation as was recommended. Our party of 4 arrived shortly after the house band came on, and we were promptly seated with another couple front and center. The house band was very entertaining, and played many genres of music. We enjoyed their set and their jokes and stage pranks. The drinks were on the pricey side, but worth it when all as said and done! I would recommend a visit and I would go back to drink and dance there again. The $12 cover and two drink minimum are well worth it. I totally agree with the 4 star rating also!
I cant give this place anything lower than 5 stars being that I'm here almost every week. I used to go Wednesday for the band, which is fantastic. Now I come on sundays for the open mic and cant believe the talent that goes up there! I thought these people had to audition to perform at the Village Underground but one of the singers told me he just had to sign up. Its a mix of showtime at the Apollo meets the voice, except I swear the singers are some of the best i've ever heard.  Many times the singers are repeat performers which is great because it would be a pity to only see some of these performers sing only once. I'm Going again tonight and bringing my family, last week I  brought friends. To the review saying something about not being able to find a seat, it should be said that you get to see what the venue looks like before you decide to pay the entrance fee. So if it looks too crowded you get the option of walking out before paying or sucking it up and standing. Its worth it for me either way.
Such a fun night! We came here on a Saturday for a double date. Arrive early! We arrived 15 minutes before the 7:15 show, which ended up being perfect timing as we were seated in an amazing booth in the middle of the room. The room is seated from front to back, so if you enjoy sitting in the front and don't mind being a part of the jokes, come early. Being a student, I'm pretty price conscious and was worried we were going to be spending a ton with the 2 item minimum on top of the $20 cover fee. However, the menu turned out to have a range of options at various price points. The 2 item minimum includes food, alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks. Food ranged from $2.50-$9.50, while drinks ranged from $5.50 (bud lite) to $12 (premium martinis).  Note that the suggested tip on your receipt will be calculated off the total, including the cover charge, but you should only tip for your drinks & food. As for the show, the comedians were great! We were laughing the whole night.  The jokes are very, very non-PC, so just be aware of that.   Service was not great - it was a bit hard to get our waitress's attention.  The alcoholic drinks were mixed - beers were fine, but some of the martinis were quite syrupy and pretty lackluster.  The food was terrible - some of the worst I've had in NYC, or anywhere for that matter.  So try to eat dinner beforehand :) All in all, it's worth going, but only for the comedians.
Couldn't have asked for a better night! I had read reviews but still had no idea how much fun was to be had. Sat at a booth right In front of the stage with another great couple and started our night with great drinks! I drank the Devils Road (I think that's it) delicious!! And my friend had a Fire Island Iced tea, very sweet. Both served in martini glasses. And then the band started! Absolutely fantastic music selections, old and new! Show started at 1015 and within half an hour people were dancing... And it never stopped!! All ages, all ethnicities, suit jackets and jeans! So. Much. Fun!! Can't wait to go back!! 2 drink minimum, 10-15 dollar cover
Went here on a Saturday night with my 2 sisters. We went downstairs to hear the live band, Rahj & Mash. The music was great! It was a full house so we danced in place most of the night but no one minded and almost everyone did the same. I will say if you want to have a conversation with anyone, the music is VERY loud, so prepare to dance but not speak. Also, it takes a while to get drinks at the bar. If you're lucky (which we weren't) you may have a Prince and his entourage sighting. He is known to frequent this nightclub.
Went to this place not knowing what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. The live music was amazing. The musicians and singers were very talented. They played all types of music from hip-hop to soul to rock from the 60s to the 2000s. The crowd was very diverse and the best part is that you can freely dance up front or anywhere else in the place. They even had a belly dancer. I highly recommend. It made my trip to NYC a more memorable experience for sure
I came here for a comedy night since the Comedy Cellar expanded into this venue.  My only gripe with this place was the bill.  I find it pretty sleezy of management to include the cover charge along with the food and drinks on one bill... then calculate the suggested tip based on the full total.  Tips are for service, not a cover charge.  Exactly what service did you provide when I paid you to let me in the door?   I know it's just a "suggestion", but management knows full well the psychology of this... and I'm pretty sure they've been enjoying the effective 30-50% tips they've been getting on their food and service now.  I just find this very underhanded.  This place is already one of the most expensive comedy nights out in NYC (at $20 pp + 2 item minimum), so trying to gouge your customers on a tip at the end is just poor form. That aside, the comedy and the atmosphere are great.  Just pay extra attention when the bill comes to your table.  I really hope management corrects this soon.
Where to begin.... my experience at Village underground was Amazing! We were there for Sunday open mic night.They suggest you arrive by 9:15 for your reservation. I arrived 5 mins late and was nervous that we wouldnt get a seat. We were able to get a seat in a back booth that still had good views of the stage. The booths in back are long and you will have to share with other parties. We were a party of 3 and were paired with another party of 3. The others were cool & funny so it was a good time. By 9:30 the booths were full so i suggest arriving early! Chicken wings were good. Fries were plain (I wish they had seasoned fries). The berry martini was gross (cough syrup?) The green apple martini was good and gave me a lil buzz. The music is what's important right? The band is phenomenal!! I loved grooving with the band and they seemed so happy doing what they do. The singers were all outstanding. I was intimidated by the voices in this place. How do they find this much talent! They do two sets with a break in between. During the break the host walked around to chat it up at each table. I appreciated this. We felt very welcomed. Overall we all enjoyed the night. We would definitely return and recommend!
Had a great time here hanging out with friends. Efficient and friendly service, good food. Their house band is really terrific! Good times.
Review is for dancing on Saturday night: (no other reviews were that clear on that) Music was varied--the dj played short sections of many songs in different genres.  Dance floor got super crowded around 12:30 but they kind of let you dance anywhere so you can move a little away and find a good spot.  $10 cover for okay dj seems like a rip-off.  Dj also have a lot of shout-outs which I thought were cheesy.
Came here last to watch the live band and they really know how to get a crowd going. All the ladies in the joint were admiring and twinkle eyed whenever the electric guitarists had their solo spotlights. The singers of the group had amazing voices and sang a number of covers that had almost everyone in the audience singing along. Toward the end of the night, the dance floor was filled with people having a good time. We didn't have to pay cover on a Thursday night. Also - they group smaller parties together at tables so be prepared to socialize and meet a couple new friends. Only thing I disliked - it was a bit too loud. so if you're planning this for a first date, the only thing you'll know better about your date is if they have any dance moves.
Went last night for their legendary open Mic night. First thing MAKE RESERVATIONS! I had reservations but tried to bring extra and the guy at the front was a total jerk about letting them in with us. Ended up speaking to someone over him and getting them in with no issues.  If you don't bring enough people to fill up a both or table you will be sharing with a random couple or group. Its open Mic night so anyone can hop on stage. its hit or miss. There was a washed up singers collective there so we had to site though all 5 of them performing individuals but as back up to one another. I was ver that after their 3rd person. There were a few great performers as well as the host is amazing. I'd go for the host. Food was ehhhh. Considering theres a $15 dollar cover Id like more generous drink and food portions and options. I had the Calamari which was okay, not the best. My boyfriend had the Fire Island martini which was delicious, I'd order that again. Will be back just not sure when.
I have never laughed like last night in quite a while. Although the performers are not up to a star rating, the venue, the vibe and the house band was excellent. A place to come with your friends and have a laugh!
So I've been here a few times and each time it's been a pleasurable experience. I usually go on open mic night (I guess that's what they call) when Cheryl Pepsii Riley host. She's very entertaining and keeps the show running smoothly. This is the perfect spot for date night, girls night out, poetry junkies (like myself) and live band fanatics. If you can't attend the show, they have live web viewings (yesssss, now I can watch Monday night open mics while in my pjs!) The drinks are OK, nothing special. The atmosphere is very laid back and trendy. Parking sucks unless you park in one of the parking garages or just practice patience (not gonna happen!) and wait for someone to move their car. Overall: Cool spot, will return soon!
I finally got a chance to see the band live and WOW!  I danced all night and the DJ was crazy good himself!  Saturday nights are awesome!  I will def come back!  Def make reservations!
Damn, this place is cool. It's like that cool kid in high school that had all the right style and knew all the up-and-coming music. Natural flair. That's the Village Underground. My friends were looking to find a bar/dance club with fairly reasonable prices in the village last weekend. With the help of my Yelp Community, I found this place. The line wasn't too long out the door, but the place looked bumpin'. In case you didn't know the Village Underground is connected to the Fat Black Pussycat. The FBP is a lounge (free of charge) but the VU you have to pay $15 to get in. Not rediculously pricey, considering you can go to both locations. Okay I have to admit, I am a NYC nightlife newbie. Ask me of some good places on LI and I'll drop some names, but Manhattan is a different story. So bare with me here peeps. When walking in, I saw a wall of celebrity pictures from Ray Romano to Derek Jeter. So I thought to myself, hey this place must be good. We all headed straight downstairs and BAM. I heard the smoothest, funkiest, soulful music I've ever heard in my life. People were dancing and jamming to the live band. It's actually not that big downstairs. I would say it's split into two... half seating, half dancefloor and stage. The band that was playing, I wish I remembered their name however, I will not forget their sound. There was a man and woman singing along with the sickest guitar player. I mean that guy had SKILLS. Those rifts and those vocals, wowza. The only thing I wish differently about this place was the size of the dancefloor. People were having fun but it was person against person, (not my fav.) The live band switched on and off with the DJ who played everything from rachet to pop to hip hop. And a little bit of old school (well old school for me). Drinks are of course pricey... $12 for a whiskey ginger or a jack and coke. But trust me, they're not watered down in the slightest. If you want to try something new and a positive change of scene, I would HIGHLY recommend this place. Give it a shot and feel the music, I had a blast and hope you do too.
Wow!  What a fun night!  Dancing and singing until 3 in the morning! I was visiting New York for my sisters wedding shower and afterwards a few girls wanted to go out for the night.  We found Village Underground and got there around 930, pretty early.  (15 dollars at the door)  We got a table which had a two drink minimum to sit, which seemed great to me!  Had a waiter bring us drinks all night!  The band was AWESOME!  Great live music, sang lots of hits, oldies, and songs you just love!  By 1130 the place was packed and everyone was out of their seats dancing!  It was a great night!
A special friend took me to this location.  FANTASTIC!   The live band was outstanding. I had a great time. The crowd was live and the band played from pop to reggae.  I strongly recommend this underground spot. There is also karaoke on the upper level.  Lots of space.  Open till 4am. That's what's up.
This place is great. The band is amazing, and it's free to get in on Wednesday, so if you are in the village and want to hear some real awesome covers, go, go down the dark stair case, sit in the faux leather booths, enjoy your obligatory drink (infused berry vodka martini is strong and berrylicious, home made), and groove on. The solos make you wonder how "artists" we hear on the radio make it to our stations but powerful and talented people like them play in a bar. They deserve the fame that comes along the talent they have, and we are all very lucky to see them play live and give all of them to us for a few hours!
I was here for a friend's birthday last night and had a blast! A bit skeptical about paying a $10 cover on a Friday night but it was worth every penny.  Amanda Brown  blew up the stage (YouTube her, she was on the show The Voice) as did the other singers.  During the moments when the band was on a break, the music was really a nice mixture of 90's, R&B, and pop.  Also, the crowd was so diverse! It was the epitome of what it means to be in New York City: combining people of all ages and races to enjoy phenomenal live music.   Don't hesitate to come.
Average drinks, but really entertaining performers. Their main lounge is very crowded, with a 2-drinks minimum per person requirement to get a table. They also have a downstairs section that acts as the dance floor. It had a $15 cover, and was absolutely poppin'. My night was a blur, so I can't offer too many useful comments, but the live music was extremely fun. The lead singer, with his 2 backup singers/dancers, really got everyone involved. While I may not remember much, I know I had a great, fun-filled night.
Great music, great ambiance. Can get crowded and dance floor is kind of cozy. $15 cover charge to get in. Mimosa was $15, but they used the good champagne so it tasted amazing and to me that's worth it! Live band was terrific. If you want a fun night out, don't mind being pushed up against people or run over by full figured women and drunk boys, you can have a lot of fun here! Would go back again!
I came here with my boyfriend for my 22nd birthday, and had some good laughs! My issues were... 1. We had a reservation, and showed up literally 2 minutes late and had to wait in line to 'see if they had space left.' -_- Um, it's not that serious, but I mean we got in less than 15 minutes afterwards which is what matters, but did not like that I was told I had to wait without knowing if they would have enough space. If you come here make sure to arrive EARLY! They recommend 15 minutes. 2. Due to our "lateness" we got sat all the way in back in these super long booths that we had to share with two other parties, which I suppose is our fault for not arriving early, but just definitely not a fan of the whole set up. I can understand them trying to make the most of their space, but I did not enjoy having to share the seating, it was awkward, and tight, and had to yell over the other people for my waitress to hear what I wanted to order. 3. Service was not great, but the place was so packed I guess I can understand it, it took my waitress to walk by at least 6 times before she noticed that I was trying to get her attention. Which could also be because we were sat all the way against the wall. 4. We decided to order their pitcher of sangria, which was listed on the menu for 8 people lol. My boyfriend and I had about 4 cups each, and just barely got a buzz on. Welp. LONG STORY SHORT: If you come out for their comedy show make sure to come early so you don't get shitty seating, or shitty service. And if you get the sangria, definitely ask them to make it strong! Other than that, you're in for some good laughs!
Visiting from California and ran into a guy in Time Sq selling Comedy Show tix.  He recommended this spot since I was looking for a place that plays hip hop.  I dont usually like going to clubs with a live band but this spot completely changed my perspective.  The band was on point and kept the everyone up and dancing all night.  Next time in in NY, I'm definitely going to head back here.
I went here last night to celebrate with a friend. This is the most amazing thing I've ever seen. It was like one huge jam session but we just happened to be watching. The chemistry, the energy and the skill on that stage was amazing. Even when the band took a break the DJ was awesome.
I go here 1 to 2 Sundays out the month. Great place to showcase talent. Its like American Idol and Apollo put together without all the extra comedy and no booing.You will definitely have a great time. Make sure to be there early for good seating.
Great place to have fun with friends and live music.  Cover bands did a great job keeping the crowd entertained!  At least on the night I went it was a mix of Hip Hop, R&B, and some classic 80's music.  Talented group of performers! Only thing I would say is that the place gets extremely crowded and it's not exactly a huge place to begin with.  Music was at times a little too loud to the point you'd have to use sign language or morse code to communicate with your friend sitting a foot away from you.   Regardless, I had a great time here!
1 star cause I have too. Walked in tonight with a group of 10 half and half. We had a table reserved got there at 945 we were suppose to be there by 930 and in by 10. I text the host to let get know we were going to be late. Our table was given away but WAIT there was a table for ten open yahoooo. The twist was that the owner tells us that since we were late we lost our table but the table open was free he says it is for my friends. So let me get this straight I am Coming in with 10 people about to spend over 1000 in your club and you can't give us a table? Ok needless to say we walked out with our hard earned money. Oh yeah the band was horrible the girls sounded like they snorted an 8 ball and the guy was talking all the lyrics. Which I can do at home
I'm giving this place 4 stars just based on their awesome live music. We were there on a chilly Friday night for someone's birthday party. Well we just used that excuse to check this place out for the first time and I'm glad we did. The ambience of this place can be divided into two. Upstairs, it is well lit and everyone is everywhere--walking, talking, drinking, sitting down (or making out). A few looked bored. Maybe it was the drinks or the lack of it in their system. Downstairs, it is darker, but really upbeat. There is food and drinks, and there is live music. I was amazed by each and every musician's talent that night. They were phenomenal in their own ways. No matter who you take with you: a friend, a date, or that creepily hot neighbor of yours, you are bound to have a great time. So grab someone and go. You won't be disappointed.
It's another New York City moment when you get a text from a friend to meet you up with you. Our cell phones have become modern tracking devices to connect with friends..... "Where you at?" "What are your coordinates?" "How long you gonna be there?" "Who you with?" "Come thru." I get the text, "We're at Village Underground. We have a booth by the bottom of the stairs.  Come through." There's a $5.00 cover, but no table minimums. No table minimums in New York? I love it. The drinks and food are CHEAP! I bought a round of 6 drinks for $30! The service is impeccable. No attitude, no bs.  If you love music, you'll love this spot.   The Village Underground located in Greenwich Village used to be the basement of "Gerdes' Folk City" in the 60's where greats like Bob Dylan, Simon and Garfunkel, John Lee Hooker used to play regularly in the 60's. Today, it's an eclectic live music venue that hosts bands and open mic nights where you will be blown away at the amateur talent that graces the stage. This culture in this place is amazing. Here's a sample of what you can expect from the Village Underground: youtube.com/watch?v=daCZ… Truly a great find for live music. Full band, and you can sign up to sing, but beware the talent is fierce! The people who sing here will blow you away. We went upstairs for a drink at the upstairs bar, and my friend turns to me and says, this is where the karaoke bar for the people who can't sing. But there was a group of girls singing better than I could in my dreams. I loved the Village Underground. I can't wait to go back again. FYI. If you sign up on their email list on the website you get a free round of drinks!
YES amazing wings like everyone says. I took a friend and we were in LOVE The band works so well together people change in and out, its great everyone is on such a cool vibe what a relief. LOVE the music you. On this night we were graced by Chrisette Michelle who BLEW it up. I remember pinching myself like am I really here, me and my friend looked at each other like OMG for 10.00 worth every minute of it. Monifah was there too she was so great and amazing to see how laid back they were.
This spot is dope! My homeboy's cousin told us she wanted to do open mic (on her bucket list), and we came to this spot. We was deep, rollin in a limo, feelin like we on top of da world LOL Came out to a night i wont forget. The vibe was hella kool, laid back, dark lighting, live music, good drinks & food. Everyone came for a good time, no BS no drama. Grown folks type of spot. Matter of fact we got lucky there was some people from the music biz in the house that night. Kelly Price, Michelle Williams (Destiny's Child), a few producers (forgot who, kinda faded, LOL), and some upcoming amateur talents who put it down. Plus it was my homie's 30th bday, so we was doin it real big! The host was an old skool type of kat, had jokes, sang pretty good too. He made sure everyone was showin love.... no hatin allowed. I will hit this spot up again on future trips to NY.
Their Open Mic night on Sundays is not to be missed!  If you are a big live music fan and a fan of R&B, Gospel and Funk, you will LOVE this. The band is phenomenal and just about every person that takes the mic can actually sing.  This ain't no karaoke night -- you better know how to sing if you take this stage!   You will most likely see some celebs in the audience and lots of great singers decide to take the stage as well. You just never know who will show up and the show is ALWAYS good and goes quite late. I don't think I've ever stayed until it was over but I've had an amazing time.   In addition to the $15 cover charge, there is also a 2 drink/item minimum for sitting down.  It's not a cheap night out, but to me it's just as good or even better than seeing a concert somewhere else.  Get on the guest list (you can do this through their website) or you will be standing outside in a line waiting until all the folks on the guest list have come in until about 9:45. Also, get there early, seats are not assigned even if you are on the guest list.  You pay at the door whether on the guest list or not.   Highly recommended!
I've been here on a Sunday night, and the rave reviews are no exaggeration.  I'd heard such good things about it from friends who've frequented, and finally decided to tag along. I have to admit, upon entrance I was immediately put off by the $15 cover *and* 2 drink/item minimum for sitting on the couch, but everybody's got bills to pay!  (btw, if you read any of my reviews, you'll notice that "CHEAP AS HELL" is a prevailing theme). Anywho, many legendary guests have graced the stage including Chaka Khan, Patti Labelle, and the elusive Prince.  The night I was here, R&B newcomer Chrisette Michele performed an impromptu number. The really great thing about this open mic is that everybody---I mean everybody can SANG.  So if you're looking for a soulful evening filled w/some of the best voices you'll ever hear, this is the place to be.
Pretty awesome. I'm not really sure how this works exactly, but here's how it was explained to me: There's a regular core band that performs daily and guest artists join them on a regular basis. Last night, the dancing trombone guy (he was in the top 40 of "America's Got Talent") showed up. Music seemed to be heavy on the reggae and Spanish. The waitress was friendly and attentive. Two drink minimun, $5 cover to the basement after 11PM. Overall, a pretty laid back crowd.
I think I may just give NY a chance and not move back to Cali solely because the Village Underground is so amazing! I've been here twice already and I cannot get enough of their music. The band plays any type of music including hop-hop, funk, R&B, alternative, classic rock and event salsa and cumbia! There are about 10 members that alternate every night and every one of them is incredibly talented. I guarantee that you will not stop bobbing your head the entire night and you will not be able to stay on your seat. There is no cover charger before 10:30 and only $5 after, but there is a 2 drink minimum regardless. The drinks are about $10 each, but if you get a pitcher of sangria for $27 you're good for 2 people. The sangria is not the greatest so you may just want to pay extra for their very tasty martinis.
It is the other half of the Fat Black Pussy Cat and it is located downstairs. Mostly the place has a live band playing here most of the times. They have a resonable cover charge of ten bucks most of the time. Went here a couple of times when the live band was playing. The bouncers and the staff downstairs are helpful. The live though was not very good every time I came here with my friends.
Every second Tuesday (of the month) is Funk Nite! Get yer funk on! I paid the cover, but managed to avoid the minimum by becoming friends with the band. It was great too because although I was kicked out of a funk band that rehearses on Saturdays, I'm coming back to jam with these guys next month. Revenge is sweet.
I absolutely love this place. The band is so good that I would have them to play at my wedding. Not only are they talented, but they have great stage presence and make the show so much fun. Everyone has killer voices and they give the wide range of cover songs (from Aerosmith to Michael Jackson to Joan Osbourne and beyond) a crazy jolt of soul and funk. This is a great place to go any night of the week and a great place to show out of town visitors a good time. DANCE YOUR PANTS OFF!
Five stars for the live band! I got here on a Tuesday after several mojitos from Yucabar. I heard it was one of the only places you could go salsa dancing on a Tuesday night. We paid a $10 cover each, and got a little booth right by the stage. The place wasn't packed but it wasn't awkwardly empty either. After several shots of Patron, I WAS READY! I got up and shook my tiny little non-existant asian butt to the music. And voila! Some lady asks me if I have taken salsa classes before! No ma'am! That would be the Patron circulating through my body! Yes, the drinks were pricey, but the fun I had was well worth it. I definitely would love to check out its Open Mic night on Sundays! Maybe I'll perform some salsa ;)
I had the time of my life here Thursday night. Why? Oh, I dont know. Maybe it was the live band, the drinks, hmm, the whole vibe? Yeah. I loved the house band and all the songs they covered. I'm usually the awkward, shy person at shows like these, sitting down and just sipping my drink. However, this place and the band had me bopping my head and moving up and down my seat. This is THE place to go if you feel like dancing up a storm and singing along to covers of Prince, Lauryn Hill, and so forth. There is a two drink minimum! That may not attract those looking to save money since drinks are pricey, but having seen the martini selection I think I had about three or four.
This place rox!  They have great DJs and awesome live music.  Sometimes people just show up and end up performing.  It's located downstairs from The Fat Black Pussy Cat, another Village staple, and the vibe is always chill.  The crowd is friendly and it gets pack on the weekends, Thur-Sun.  It is definitely worth it to check it out at least once during the week and once on the weekend and I promise you, you will want to come back. Mon-Thurs has free admission and you don't know who you might see...
I recently went to The Comedy Cellar at the Village Underground - the larger space around the corner from the Cellar - and had an amazing time. The lineup was hilarious (as usual), and the space was massively spacious. I think it was the first comedy club where I didn't have to sit on a stranger's lap (not that there's anything wrong with that). Our group of 8 was actually given a reserved lounge area right next to the stage. The staff was great and the drinks were moderately priced - about $7 for a Bud Light. Definitely a good alternative to the usual comedy joints in the City.
ABSOLUTELY AMA~ZING BAND!!! I went there on a Friday. I had a little trouble finding the place because I'm clueless with directions but it's right across the Blue Note on W 3rd Street... Two entrances: left side is the live band and the right side is the bar (which I didn't check out yet) Butto speak for the house band.... I was BLOWN AWAY! There were about a dozen people on stage singing all kinds of genre from rock n roll, r&b, tango, to broadway... and some traditional jewish songs occasionally (i think they sang it because it was hanukkah)..  I heard from my friends that Amanda Brown from the Voice Season 3 used to lead there and will be performing this coming Thursday. I would def go if I wasn't getting my wisdom teeth pulled out... What I'm trying to say is they are mad talented and funny!! There is a $10 cover for housebands - but it takes all the poor college kids away (no offense, I was one too). The crowd is mid 20s to early 40s I would say... Service is 3.5/5, food was 3/5, drinks were 4/5, and the atmosphere was 5/5... so 4/5. It's great for a group of friends to go get a table, with some munchies and plenty of drinks and enjoy! They also have a small dancing area right in front of the stage. Def a must go!!
Dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance!!!! Yes, this place is awesome for dancing! I'm not sure if my first sentence clearly conveyed that. The music delivered by the live band surges through you like a cocaine binge (I wouldn't know personally but so I have heard - GULP)! The rappers and singers are intoxicating and possess an amazing talent! The drinks leave something to be desired by the palette.  The sangria was not bad and their martini's were ok. The prices are a bit steep but I guess I am willing to pay for it since the musical talent is so frickin' amazing!!! The staff was helpful and quick. The club is spacey in regards to sitting but as for dancing, it could use another floor or two. How do patrons resist dancing?!?! The music that the band pumps out is energizing!!! The lighting is dim but not to the point where you cannot see who you are dancing with! That could be no bueno at the end of the night!!! GuLp! I came here one time and fell in love with it. When people ask me what I loved most about NYC, The Village Undergound is one of those things that I must mention!
I've been here on a Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. Thursdays nights usually consist of a live band which includes the owner. Friday nights seem like the place where groups of people come in an hang out for a while and then go somewhere else. The overall crowd on a Friday is younger and it's the least crowded of the weekend. SATURDAY is the best day to go by far...There's a 10$ cover but no guestlist, long wait, etc. (However you will get turned away if you have on sneakers) The coolest thing about this place is that it has three parts: 1)The Village Underground (which is a club with a lounge type feel and a small dance floor.) 2) The Fat Black Pussy Cat(which is a bar w/a pool table and dart board in the back) 3) a kind of  Mediterranean lounge between the club and bar where you can find cozy chairs and sofas to hang out in. Pros: music(Hip Hop/Reggae/Pop), diverse friendly fun crowd, versatility(bar/lounge/club),stiff drinks, well kept bathrooms. Cons: Friday's usually have a young college crowd,Tends to get very crowded, one knuckle dragging bouncer has a personal problem w/me for some reason.(Like I said it's personal so no one else should have a problem)
I LOVE coming here. The band is amazing and the atmosphere is cool. The drinks are pretty good and the wings are delish! Oh and they have these homemade potato chips that taste great as well. This is definitely a Date night spot and a group spot. Not too many single and hott guys though...
Every time...every single time I come here I darn near lose my mind because I have a great time. The house band is solid and is always really entertaining. They have a great vibe with each other, even when they're dealing with guest band members. I suppose that's part of what makes someone a good entertainer. This may be hard to believe but it's pretty difficult to find a live music venue that is consistent with it's entertainment and doesn't have a cover charge.  I haven't been to the open mic on Sundays, but I hear that's good as well (there is a $15 cover for that but c'mon...the house band is free on Wednesdays and Thursdays). The drinks are standard NYC prices...not much suprise there. The waitresses can be flitty sometimes and may be MIA for extended periods of time but all in all, a great place to rock out in.
I went here on Halloween with a group of people and we reserved a table ahead of time. We arrived a bit late, and they still had our table waiting. The live band was awesome and we danced like crazy and had the best time. The table service was amazing as well, and there was no spending minimum. The waitress was really attentive and the drinks and food were both better than expected. We had the white sangria, and some small plates. If you have a group, definitely reserve a table and you will have the best time.
When you want great live music...Im talking about hearing great Chaka, some Stevie, Lenny K, Nirvana, and even a lil of MJB. This is the place to be on a Friday night. The house band is one of my favs..They can do any and every thing! You might run into a few celebs who just want to to hear other musicians or join the jam session. I went one Friday night and John Mayer just walked and joined the band......HOTTTTTT!! On Sunday & Monday nights it's open mic night. Sundays are with Ron Grant, and Mondays are w/ R&B Great Vocal powerhouse Cheryl Pepsi Riley. Don't fret you wont just hear someone who definitely sounds a mess. You will definitely be treated to some of the best musicians NYC has to offer. One complaint: Service is not the greatest, I'm talking about a waitress disappearing for like an 1hr. But it can't keep me away I love music and understand that some people just really hate their job...LOL! You will not be disappointed... You'll probably even see me there singing my heart out!!!
Really cool place to hang out. Went there with a friend on a weekend night. A live band was playing pretty good music. Didnt order any food but the drinks were awesome.
Looked up this place on Yelp and went in purely because of the high rating. Definitely a great place. Things we liked about it, in general order of significance: -AMAZING wings. Seriously, some of the tastiest wings I've ever had. -Decent size = no wait on a Thursday night. -Long martini list; our favorites were the French and the Fire Island Iced Tea -Cool ambiance (lounge feel) with pretty good music (but it's pretty loud) -Very nice service -Decent prices: every item we got (drinks, wings) was ~$10.
Saw the taping of a new Comedy Central Show hosted by Dave Attell here and this place is great. It's small but efficient. You're really up close to the comedians and they have it very well organized. Cover charge is pricey but I'm used to it. I can't wait to go back for a regular show! I'd say the Comedy Cellar has some stiff competition but, hey, it's the same owners so I guess they're winning on all sides :)
I went here for my birthday on Saturday and I am sooo glad that I chose to celebrate here. First of all, the party coordinator, Gypsee, was incredible and made sure that everything went off without a hitch. Then our waitress was great, too, and made sure that we never were without drinks. The music at first was...interesting. Mainly old school stuff... lots of earth wind and fire, especially. But as the night went on and we got more drunk, the music magically got better. We danced and drank until we literally couldnt anymore and this was an incredible birthday. There were 6 of us and while we did drink a fair amount, our tab was more expensive than I thought it'd be ($500) so it is a little pricey but whatever. You only turn 21 once and I'm glad I did it the right way at the Village Underground. (P.S. The Flirtinis are DELISH!)
Take one unassuming smokey stage, 9 magically gifted musicians - add some energy & a sprinkle of all genres and you have the best live entertainment in the city. From the host to the band this place is truly a class act.
Great venue in the city. We had just finish our gig with Bobby Womack  @ City Winery, and were looking for some live music. I'm an LA native so we rarely get spoiled with these kinds of experiences. They had a band on 12/21 that covered all the big hip-hop songs past/present...and they KILLED it!
You wouldn't have guess looking from the outside that it's a big place but go downstairs and your welcomed by tons of couches, the latest in hip/hop and dance, a lot of room to dance. Make sure to get reservations, because this place fills up quick.  The waitress came by often to check on us, even though she had trek through the mounds of people dancing on the floor to get to us.
This place ROCKS! Looked for a place to dance in NYC on a Saturday Night and my fellow Yelpers lead me here! We sang, we groves, we danced, we laughed and left here very happy! I have a new favorite place in NYC now.....can't wait to return.
Went on a wednesday night.  I got a 2 for 1 deal pass for drinks and there wasn't an entrance fee.  I'm not sure if it's different on the weekends though.  I was treated to a live jam of artists playing songs by Bell Biv Devoe, Guns & Roses, and Biggie.  There was some serious talent in the house.   I had just came from a boat cruise around the hudson for two and a half hours.  After we left Village Underground, me and my friend both said "that was better than the cruise that we paid to get into!"
On Saturday Night our party of four went to the Village underground to catch the comedy--- and they delivered!!!!  Almost al of the comedians were from some TV show you've heard of and they were fhilarious!  I can't remember the last time I cried while laughing so hard. Two drink minimum and $20 for the show and it was all worth it for a really funny time out on a perfect spring night in the village. I'd recommend it highly and will be back myself for more soon.
Came here just walking by the place one night with a friend and decided to check it out. So glad we did. Great live bands, I danced the night away. It's really small and when it's crowed its tight squeezing room. It's a great laid back environment to chill, hang out and listen to some great music. I can't wait to go back.
Yess I am a fan!! Been here twice and shall go back many more times!! Good price to get in, great when you have reservations, which I had the 2 times i've been there. The DJ is live!!! The band is sooo talented and a crowd pleaser!! A whole range of genres played, good mixed crowd. Drinks are good!! The only reason why I didnt rate this spot 5 stars is because of how crowded this place gets. This place is well spaced, plenty of seats and a dance floor. But towards the middle of the night, its a struggle to get to the bathroom. Not much space to dance...or walk anywhere..even for the waiters. I went of a friday night. And Saturday, 2 nights ago on 2/16/13. I had a blast!! Went with a group of 4. I danced w/ my Lady. They do have coat check. My only con is the place gets extremely crowded. other than that...this place is the BOMB!!! The bathrooms are lovely, very structured, their is a worker in there who turns on the water, put soap in your hand & hands you paper towel to dry. Lotions are also available for use. & they shouted out February birthdays...said my name & age!! That was fun!!
I had an amazing time here on a Saturday night. Great music, great people, fun crowd. The drinks were double the price of the Fat Black Pussycat (upstairs) so I suggest having more drinks quickly upstairs then just having one or two on the ground floor. Beware, be careful if you dance on the tables, I saw a few girls take some spills. It was great.
Unfortunately, my friends and I did not have a good time here. This was my first time but my friends been to the Village Underground before and they had better memories. We went downstairs to dance and the place was tight and cramped. You can tell they wanted to pack us in like sardines. The music (OMG the music) was so wack. Dont get me wrong the songs the dj played were good but he didnt mix them well and the songs were not good for dancing. The dj even messed up which def killed the mood. And since the dance floor was tight, you couldnt move your body to dance. My experience was terrible. Will never go to the VU dance floor again.
I have been here on Wednesday night  only i love it...it is part of the Whole Fat black pussy cat  also the owner owns cafe Waa ..but "the union" I love that band they just make you feel so good been a while since i been . They always want a cover, and there is a drink minimum. I think its become pretty touristy. Alas i still love it
I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE. The live band is great. They were playing lauryn hill when we entered. They have seating,,, where you can sit down and order some wings/drinks/fries etc. You can dance if you want to! You can check out people if you want to. No one judges. They're all there for a good time. Plus it's so diverse! Upstairs is the karaoke area. You can go on stage and request your favorite songs and sing for free. I love this place !
I've been here twice, and I enjoyed myself each time. It definitely has the lounge-club vibe going for it. Although, when the clock strikes 1am, the lounge vibe is replaced with girls standing on tables and a crowded dance floor. Yeaah, the place is kinda small, but again, good times at this place. I have only gone on Saturdays where they played a good mix of stuff: hip-hop/reggae/pop/r&b .  If you reserve a spot, the waiters are attentive- great place to celebrate a birthday. Drink specials: $9 Con: Sometimes they play a few songs more than once...kinda a pet peeve with me :(
Made reservations. Show up at the time on the email. No seats left? What the hell is the point of making a reservation?! Don't waste your time....
I had a very good time here this past Saturday night. I had a few drinks with a friend at a nearby bar then we stopped in at V.U. for some dancing. The cover charge was $15, not bad when there was a live band playing and it was after midnight. The minute we walked in it was crowded but not so much that we couldn't find space to dance. The band was pretty cool and I like that they played a few different genre of songs. I would definitely go back but I probably wouldn't use coat check, I would just try to find a table. Coat check is $3 for every single item, and in the winter time that's just not fun to pay. Drinks were about $8-9. Oh, and they have some very funky burlesque/black and white silent movies on the screens when the band isn't performing. Pretty funny at times.
The band and live music are worth a 5. $21 for an Amstel Light and a Bud are worth a 1. So, I'll settle on 2. Even though it could be 3 since there is no cover charge.
The band was awesome! I'm usually not a fan of live bands that cover shitty outdated pop songs, but they made it work - and how! The only problem I had with the place was the price for the drinks. I guess this is Manhattan, but I really wish the drinks weren't so expensive. HOWEVER, the drinks were made pretty strong. I had a Devil's Tale. It was tasty.
Very chill spot The music was good. The live band was very nice. Drinks were a bit pricey but not too bad, and the bartender made them strong so that's good. Mixed crowd, so its a good spot for any and every body.
I LOVE This place!! It is great for a group of friends. I am not the clubbing type, but I love lounges and live music- this is the perfect in between. They have booths that face the stage. You can order a drink and some bar food and relax and enjoy the show, or get up and dance to your favorite tune. Cost: I usually go on Friday's which is $10 to get in and two drink minimum. Some may say its pretty steep, but once the music is going you'll forget all about it. Drinks/Food:The drinks are great. Try their signature martinis (only two allowed). My friend and I tried three one night and seen why they only allow two. The food is regular bar food which is OK. Band: DOPE DOPE DOPE. Amanda from the Voice performs with the band and she Killlllssss it honey chall. Cheryl Pepsi Riley comes to sing from time and to time and kills it as well. Really all the band members do their part to put on a great show. Sometimes their version of a song is better than the original! I have been here a lot and I have seen everyone from Wycleff and John Mayer come to rock out with the band. The only thing I find annoying is the reservations. if your doing it online, make sure to call and confirm. There were times I come with a group and they don't have my information and I have to sit in nose bleeds land (and that's no fun). P.S. if you get tired of the band, head right upstairs to Fat Black Pussycat. They have great music and nice decor.
Not my favoriate NYC nightlife spot. Went on a Saturday night, the crowd was OK.   Music was mix hiphop, electric and some international music but don't expect any thing from the top 20s. Drinks were disgustign. Washington apple was in yellow color? And tasted nothing close to your regular Washington Apple shot. Ok fine, how abt a long island? Yuck! Water down with extra ice, again, nothing close to my usual LI. Black and white movie projected to the wall with nude women creeped me out. Will never go again.
Hands down, this is the best place in NYC to spend $15 on a Sunday night!   Sundays at VU are R +B / Gospel style open mic.  The live band is brilliant, the singers are WOW - gifted.  (Stay late -- you never know what celebrity talent will cameo).     Village Undergound (located under the Fat Black Cat) open mic reminds me of Thursdays at The Sugar Bar (uptown). Full bar and light food menu available.  GO!  You will have fun!
I went to The Village Underground for their live music last Dec 30th. It was a Thursday, no cover charge before 11pm ($5 after 11pm). It may not be an ordinary Thursday since it's a holiday the following day. There's about 9 of us and we got couch and tables few minutes after our arrival (we got there about 9:30pm). We didnt reserve a table because no one likes the idea of putting a credit card in to run a single tab, which is required. The band was AWESOME! It was first time for all 9 of us and my friends liked the band as well. The only downside was, there were a lot of people for the servers to attend to. We got our 1st round of beers at least 15 minutes after ordering it. Boy everyone was really thirsty! It took another 15 minutes or so to get our 2nd round + the wait time for the server to get our orders. Tip: sign-up in their mailing list online, and get a free drink! Go to thevillageunderground.com Will definitely go back and bring other friends.
I came here for my birthday with a party of 8 and had a BLAST! I planned this with Heidi, who is wonderful and so helpful. We walked right in, the woman at the door, who was the sweetest person, brought us right to our reserved table and we ordered drinks right away. The sangria was the popular drink of the night. At $25 per pitcher (7-8 drinks per pticher) it was delicious! The service was fast and great. The music: it was a mix btwn a DJ and a band but the band was AWESOME!!!!!!!!  They were so good. And the DJ was playing great music, it was all around a great night. I recommend this place for a good night.
Village Underground is good for a night where you don't feel like getting dressed up and don't feel like running into anyone you know because everyone that goes there is either a tourist or a non-NYC resident. Last time I was there I came across a couple of funny smelling foreign dudes with some interesting dance moves. Though I had to hold my nose for the majority of the talent portion of their act, I gave them an 8 for effor and enthusiasm. The music can be hit or miss, but usually it's a low key, fun place to go and laugh at people who have yet to master the two-step.
I could have done without the $15 cover considering it was Saturday night and the "band" totally sucked.  Otherwise, seems to be one of the less crowded and chaotic spots in that area.  Possibly a cool place when they get the music right.
The band on Saturday night is amazing and gets the whole place moving. Along with hours of great live performance, including Latino salsa, late 70s funk, R&B, and great rapping, they did a live cover of 'Jump', and that song is so much better live, and these singers knew the whole rap. The band was full of talented musicians: a great guitarist, a funky bass player, a cool drummer, and a great keyboardist. I love dancing, and the drinks there were $11 each, but you only needed a couple to get the blood pumping. 2/3 of my table was $133 including service, plus $60 for the covers ($15 each that night), so in total we had an amazing night in NYC, right next to the subway, for roughly $48.25 per head. We ordered several baskets of onion rings, mozzarella sticks, and lots of cocktails. Considering how much fun it was, and how memorable that birthday party will be for all of us, it was a great deal! I highly recommend it!
Well, for a $10 cover, they could have treated us better. Offering us a dark corner table while saving the cozy ones for others didn't agree with us. The live band they had turned out to be Meh, we should have given it more thought before entering. The 2 minimum drink policy for a table was fine, but it was kinda expensive for a west village place. Service was okay, we had to wait quite to bit to catch attention of the servers.
Amazing cover band!  From ABBA to Jay-Z.  Why did I just discover that they have amazing wings?  Can't wait to try them.
Wow, what more can I say. I went with a group of friends on Sunday night for R & B night and it was packed.  My friend Kali sang there and I took a short video of the band. One word. AWESOME. The cover charge of $15 is a little much, but after hearing the band, it was well worth it.   youtube.com/watch?v=k5D-…
I stopped by Village Underground because it had such great ratings on Yelp and what can I say? It was a find! In the basement they had a awesome blues/jazz/funk band and they were all great!! The vibe is chill and friendly and everyone is having a good time. Dress is casual which is always a plus although there were many that were dressed up also. They did have a cover of $10 for the basement but it was worth every penny. I danced all night but if you aren't into dancing, there is plenty of seating. Great mix of positive people!! Will defenitly hit this spot up next time I go to NY.
They do Comedy Cellar shows here now too. Not sure the schedule but Comedy Cellar is one of (if not the) best standup in nyc (and hence the world, imo).  This place smells a bit like wet feet tho. Someone needs to seriously change their socks more frequently instead of rewearing yesterday's pair.
Honestly, I was about to give this place FIVE stars. I had a blast!!! But, I won't hesitate to put a place on blast for shadienss! Rules to follow if you decide to come here: * DEMAND for an itemized bill! * If you open multiple tabs at one table, DEMAND itemized bills for every tab! * If you pay in cash, DEMAND for proof of payment (somehow)! * Compare your itemized receipts against each other's before you leave your table! * Save your receipts and don't dispose until you match it up to your credit card statement! THEY "DO" DOUBLE CHARGE WHEN THEY CAN GET AWAY WITH IT!!! (Skip to the last two paragraphs for details.) A ten buck cover is not much to ask for a live band. The band wasn't spectacular, but they were good and they were fun! They covered a wide range of genres and they did get me to dance. Amanda Brown...mesmerizing! Rahj also stood out for me...he sang, he beatboxed, he rocked it! I was there with a friend for her birthday. She reserved a large booth where we all fit comfortably, even as our group grew. My birthday friend did get a lil' wasted, but the rest of us were fine. She had given our server her card at the beginning of the night. Some of us paid in cash directly to our server, Giovanni (young, attractive male server, possibly Latin or mixed ethnicity). Some of us had our own tabs. ALL of us knew exactly what we ordered! The next morning, my birthday friend (who BTW is very, very, very meticulous when it comes to accounting) realized some drinks that were already paid for were kept on her tab. Of course, she emailed the club. First, she was told we may have been too drunk to know what we ordered and that no one paid in cash. Then (in a later conversation with someone else) she was told that Giovanni suddenly remembered one cash payment, but nothing else. Long-story-short, the club only refunded her $30 and a free entry for her next visit. The $30 was all they could account for during their "research". The fact that any discrepancy could be found shows that shady practices were in place and had we not mentioned anything, they would have gotten away with it! Whether this shadiness is standard practice of the club or just the server, I don't know. My other friend was the one who closed the tab, both for herself and the birthday girl. She failed to demand for an itemized bill for herself, but she did demand for an itemized bill for the birthday girl (knowing how anal she was about accounting). Yes, she had to demand for an itemized bill, as our server only wanted to give us a credit card receipt showing only the total. The others at our table also failed to demand for an itemized bill...and that's how the club could ONLY account for $30 worth of discrepancies. BEWARE!!!!!
If you haven't read it already, the house band is something else. Will they be world famous? No. Will they make it onto a late night talk show? Nope. But here's what will happen. At some point in the night you will end up: 1. raising your drink in the air (spilling about two sips worth of alcohol down your sleeve) look directly at the singer, drummer, or guitar player, nod your head and slowly yell "yyyyeeeaaaahhh". 2. start dancing like you're in your  friend's living room when your pre-gaming has gone too far 3. men will start dancing with a stranger on a strictly platonic level 4. women will dance without hating on the other women 5. at some point you will randomly remember that this is really effing loud That's about all I can say. The vibe that I got was that this place is focused on you having a good time. If you manage to meet somebody that you didn't come in with then good for you. If you leave with them then hey, do your thing. But if that's what you came here for then you're probably going to miss out on what carefree fun is all about. Why not 5 stars? cover charge and drink prices. But the atmosphere will cancel these things out. You wont be running back and forth to the bar when you're on the dance floor, but its still a factor. Surprise..... I wont be back soon. I'm afraid that if I make this a regular go to spot then I'll become spoiled. You don't have steak or lobster for dinner every night.
I went on a Sunday night which is an open gospel/RnB Soul night. The band is amazing! A few artist went up and played some of their music and the band immediately began to play with there. The host is extremely entertaining; he has a great voice and sense of humor. I would recommend for a date or a small group gathering. My friends make reservations for table and there is a 2 item minimum. The menu is typical bar food and the wait service kind of sucks.
It's pretty crazy when you can say the BOUNCERS are much nicer than the staff at a club/lounge in NY. I have to give this place one star for the unprofessional treatment I received this past weekend. My sisters were visiting and requested I take them to a lounge and I figured they'd love the Village Underground. This place was packed to the gills which is usual and if you like constantly being pushed up against and crushed then this place is for you. If you'd like a place to sit and actually enjoy the place, you got to come early. I get that I get that. . We paid $15 and went downstairs to find there was NO WHERE to sit. While we stood there looking stupid the staff ignored us and we were again being pushed up against and molested by the foot traffic. We thought there was a vacant table and as we sat down and were prepared to order, you know SPEND SOME SERIOUS CASH we were rudely told that the table was reserved. Of course, there was no sign or anything on the table so I guess we were supposed to telepathically know that.  Confused I try to ask around for how to get a table but the staff was again unhelpful and after taking our entry fee money obviously didn't care. After standing around and being asked to move out of the way by another rude staff member (Move where!!?) I was annoyed, angry and over it. My sisters tried to enjoy themselves but a look at the compacted orgy fest of people dancing up on the stage wasn't our cup of tea.  We took our money and our good vibes to Iguanas which is FREE by the way.
AWESOME awesome place. The live band is amazing! In the few hours that we were there, we heard everything from Lauryn Hill to Juanes. They are also hysterical. It's really a great place for a casual night where you want to go dance but you don't have to get super dressed up. I went with a friend who's a usual there so we didn't have to pay cover but I think even with the cover charge it's well worth it for a fun night out.
Great time with the live bands.
well, when i first discovered this place i was just starting out in becoming an outgoing person. so i guess this place broke me in and i left it after i discovered life beyond "underground." I would say that it is a chick and dude magnet....almost like animal house but village like. Music- mixed Best night-sat Band night-fri cover charge- $10, it was $5 but i guess they got to big for there britches, i will look for their name on page six.....along with NOBU.
Highly recommend this spot. Went on a Saturday night and the cover band just kept getting better as the night went on.  Reservations are encouraged, but by the end of the night you'll be out of your table and on the dance floor.
There is a live band called RAHJ & the Mash that play here every now and again doing covers of funk, hip hop, r&b, rock...and they bring the heat! Even when they aren't performing the Village Underground always has DJs providing that ism. I've always had a great time here with my dancing shoes on of course. The bar area gets pretty packed so you might need to throw some bows to navigate your way in order to get a drink. The prices are a little bit steep and I know of people having issues with credit cards here. So it's best to bring cash or better yet, get yo drink on before you come downstairs so you have more time to dance. Fat Black Pussycat is the spot if you want to lounge, Village Underground is for those that wanna get down while doing the James Brown.
My favorite place! Always a great time- band and Dj always deliver. Great service! Heidi is awesome, BOSS! A model in the service industry.
Rahj and the Mash are the bomb on Sat. nights. They are a must see. Fun for all!  The crazy thing was that they were playing stag films(fifty nudy films). But it added to the vibe of the place. My wife and I had a blast and my friends and family were parting like rock stars in the place. awesome night. If your in town on sat. you got to go. Drinks aren't a deal and cover is $15 so go with some cash or just drink before you get there, but get there.
This place as a night club was pretty dope.  I've been here before but for open mic night on Sundays.  I'm not sure if they still do that but that was pretty dope as well.  But Saturdays here is pretty crazy.  I had so much fun.  The crowd was really good.  It was a good mix. Not too much of the same type of people.  Everyone dances and everyone dances with each other.  No need to by shy when you're here because people just want to dance and enjoy the night.  Obviously the music was good.  Hip Hop and R&B was the main sound.  I'll will definitely make my way back here again.
Please only go here if your are cool, down to earth and love to listen to good music and dance. Went for my birthday and had a good ole time, 10$ to get in and was way worth more, def will go back
My favorite place in NYC -- been coming here for eight years. Talented, funny, entertaining, versatile and well-rounded band, knows how to work the crowd and get everyone dancing. It's small and intimate, the staff are wonderful and welcoming. It's the one place I feel confident introducing to new people, because it is consistently the most fun night out. Lots of locals and a mixed crowd in terms of age, ethnicity, sexual orientation. It's unpretentious, and you can go casual or dress up. No matter who you are, bring a smile and you will fit right in. Great spot for anyone who loves music and/or dancing. And you can get a table so your tired dancing feet can rest! A+
How did I forget to review this place?!?! I went here at the suggestion of my friends parents (don't worry, they cool) over the summer with a few friends, and we had an awesome time! There was a small cover (something like $5-10 I think) to go downstairs for the live band, and they were pretty freakin' sweet. Drinks were pricey, but it's to be expected in the city. The only gripe we had about this place was after waltzing around and bar hopping all night in pumps, the bouncer told us there was a two drink minimum to get a table. After two drinks, he wouldn't let us sit because of some horse bukkake reason that we couldn't hear because the band was just rockin' out, but hey, as someone else mentioned- get a receipt. Apparently your wallet, and in our case, feet- will be very thankful. Do check it out, we all need to hit a few shady bars in our youth so we can tell our grand children good stories, right?
Went here for a comedy cellar show. The comedians were great but the food wasn't great and there was a very limited choice on beer which i found surprising when you have a bar upstairs. We also had an issue when we left. They apparently request you to bring your receipt to show at the door before you leave, no one told the customers as several people had to be turned around to get their receipts. It was done in a rude way and would have been avoided if they told the customers of the policy. Go for the comedians not for the drinks or food.
The vibe from this place is amazing.  I've gone during the week when there's a live band and had a great time there.  The crowd is just as good and awesomely diverse as the performers.  The atmosphere is great for completely letting go.  I usually go to their live shows during the week.  I've gone twice on a Saturday night when there's a DJ and, though the crowd is still awesome, it's just waaay too crowded to have a really enjoyable time.  Perhaps if I wasn't completely sober both of the times I went on Saturday night I would have had a different perspective.  Alas, I conclude that the Saturday night party is not for sober people....
I went here on a Monday..There have somethin like a new artist showcase..Great band, ok singers....Reasonable prices for food & drinks...Upstairs at the Big Fat Pussycat there was karoke and the drinks were half the price of downstairs...Great vibe..Friendly staff...
A place for everyone! great live music, decent priced drinks, pool and diverse crowd.  You seriously cant go wrong here.
I came here on a Saturday night. It was very crowded & ridiculously hot. Almost reminded me of the days I used to go to Webster Hall (it wasn't as hot as webster though). The music was decent, crowd was okay. Definitely a lot better than the one time I came in April '09.
"Hip", "fun" and "diverse" get thrown around a lot, but nothing defines the Village Underground better.  I randomly wandered in on a Thursday night; the opium den-like lounge area and connecting dive bar upstairs may appeal to some but the true gem is the downstairs live music room.  Where has this place been my whole life?  Seemlessly transitioning from Roberta Flack to Tribe Called Quest to Stevie Wonder, the house band knocked me out... and the (very) mixed crowd was there to have FUN and not caring to impress or be seen.  A+++
omg, the live band with the two girls, the 2 guitarists, the woman playing keyboard, the one basist, and the drummer is AMAZING! woooow! They def made that thursday night memorable! We danced and had a great time.... the bartender makes great red headed sluts for $9 each. try it!
I dont know which I was in - Village Underground or Fat Black Pussy Cat or both? ... but it was fun. I spent part of my new years here. Our waitress was great! Wish I could remember her name but she was very friendly and was full of compliments. Actually, from the time we walked in (we were late for our table res), the girls were very accomodating and very friendly. I was in contact with them even before new years eve about my reservations and Im surprised they werent annoyed by me lol. so yea, the girls were great. service was great. music was great. I had a lot of fun. We had quite a few drinks and the bill was only about $80. Thats wonderful for a new years eve party. The table reservation was only $50. oh yea, the table was really, really small. which was weird lol. but whatever... I was running around for a long time trying to figure out what to do for new yrs eve without spending a ton of money and I think this was the best deal. You dont really need to go out and spend hundreds on bottles. Regular admission was only $40. They dont raise prices on the drinks just because of the holiday. I think I would do this again as a pre party!
Great live band, but dress code is enforced...I got turned away once by the bouncer for wearing chucks.
Dope.... Went here last Sun night for the infamous "open mic night"... Got there pretty late round 1 am...  Paid only $10 pp to get in but I think its normally $15.  No available seats for a little while so we just stood at the bar til a table opened up.  The spot is down down stairs.  Very small intimate nice setting, the vibe was really chill.  The staff and crowd seemed to be happy and encouraged the performers, surprisingly even being positive toward the ones who didn't really deserve the encouragement.  Aside from a few, the talent was nicccce.  I heard some Jill Scott, Eryka Badu, Michael... Good good stuff.  The host handled the night with ease, it was obvious he had been doing it for year and one of the house singers TORE IT DOWN.  She sung her ass off.  The drinks were normal expensive prices $18 for a Malibu Bay Breeze and Tangurey Cranberry.  The bartender told me theres Karaoke on Mon-Wed upstairs... His exact words were "good times, good times"...  Got there to late to order food but I saw homemade chip fries, wings, and other fried snacks.  Anyway I felt really good while I was there, really chill, cant explain what I mean by this but I definitely had a good time and Ill definitely be back.  I recommend making reservations and going much much earlier to fully enjoy the festivities.  Register your email on their website and get a free drink.   Also id recommend bringing a lady friend here.  Like I said very intimate and chill, perfect lil spot.
Patti Smith! performed at the Village Underground.  STAGE is SO close you could reach out and shake the performers hand!  Cool LEGENDARY Place!
The band at Village U is truly one of a kind phenomenal. I paid no cover last week and saw 7 INCREDIBLE individuals performing in a band together. They played hip hop, funk, r&b, jazz, classic rock, pop, and motown. I was dancing until 2:30 in the morning and didn't want to leave. I am in my 20s and drug my mother out. She didn't want to go, but thanked me over and over again afterwards, when we met my other friends in their 20s and 30s and rocked out all night. The drinks are also really good! The only down point is this place is kind of dingy and it is NOT a place to meet new people. Go with a group of friends and have fun! Dance, live music and good drinks :) A little west village gem.
If you like rb and hip hop live style look no further and get ready to sing !!!
This place is amazing. I went a few weeks ago to the Sunday night Open Mic and there was an abundant amount of talent there. Melonie Daniels is amazing and her vocal range is sickkkkk (in a good way)
Front row seats on a Friday night is the way to go. The band was amazing as usual and Amanda Brown stopped by and tore it up!  Such a great night!  Can't wait to go back!
The Village Underground is a fun place! The night that I went was on the final day of the NFL draft. It was packed with a good-looking crowd. The music was good. Great hip-hop but they were showing the west coast no love as they only played a couple of songs from the westside. They also had a cover band that night and they sang songs with a neo-soul tip. My only complaint was that our cocktail waitress was a bitch! She didn't seem like she wanted to be there and had an attitude the whole night.
I had  an amazing time!!!! Good music and a nice chilled crowd. I thought the drinks were weak, but otherwise, it's one of my favorite places in NYC.
Agree with James T. below about the bouncers. They take themselves waaaay too seriously for what the place is. It's not a club, it's not even a lounge. Does one dude wearing trendy white sneakers bring down the "scene" of a divey basement dance room?! The atmosphere below seriously does not warrant the uptightness and pretentiousness of the bouncers. I've been to trendier/better clubs and lounges where the wardrobes rejected by Village Underground are perfectly acceptable.
The Saturday Nite Dance Party is the best around...the live band was slammin' with three amazing vocalists and a full back up of musicians...playing everything from Prince to Mariah to BIGGIE and Tupac...the dance floor didn't stop all night...not too expensive and very diverse crowd...all ages, all races, all styles..loved it, will go back for sure!
Um. ............I am almost reluctant to review this place because I feel like it's my little secret that i don't want to share. But---caution to the wind --- Found this place when I went downstairs to the bathroom during a friends bday at Fat Black Pussy Cat ( an establishment I find revolting) I walk downstairs, and see a ten piece band playing everything from Rick James to Mary J. downstairs---moved the party down there and had one of the best nights of my life. Friday nights the Unionn plays and they aren't aware of this fact --and I'm not aware of the who what or when... they WILL be playing my wedding. If you want to impress a date...take them to Fat Black Pussy Cat (they'll freak out and think that they mistook you for an NYU summer student) and then proceed downstairs to Village Underground and look like a pimp who knows a (not so) secret gem in NYC. $10 cover for band. More than worth it.
I have been here a few times and I loved it! Great music. Great crowd. Love it. But it can be very full so get there at a decent time.
This place is a natural roofie.  The last time I went here, I found myself in my bed, looking up at my ceiling wondering how the hell I got there.  But from what I remember, I had a great time!  The dance area is kinda smallish, the music a little poppish, but the drinks are definitely strongish.  Great place to throw a party.
I really hate paying covers but this was worth it because I got a real show on a Sunday Night.  The two drink minimum was also a bit much but hey this was more like a concert. I think if I got there early I wouldn't have cared. It was packed and it took us a while to get a seat so get there early so you get your money's worth. It was amateur night but these were stellar singers. All of these people could blow aka SANG.
This place is 3 animals in one. Fat Black Pussycat is for the straight dive bar goer (drinks, pool, darts, stools to sit at the bar). Through the curtains and you're in a comfortable lounge (laid back R&B / Hip hop with thrones to chill in). Downstairs and you're in an ole skool Jook joint.  The Live band, The Union, is playing everything to keep your feet tappin.  check it out on a Thursday night.  If you get downstairs early (b4 10), you can secure a seat and duck the $5 cover.  Cool spot to get some good music and chill.  You may even get some dancin in if the crowd is really into the music.
Music sucks and the drinks are watered down. I won't be going back. I'll hang upstairs. Short and simple.
Went here for New Years Eve at the last minute and they really took care of us plus it was only $50 a person, which for New York New Year's Eve is a steal!!  The waitress definitely gave us free drinks and we also got a free bottle of champagne. We were looking for something low key were we could reminisce on the last year and celebrate the new year. Our table was upstairs but we were able to go downstairs and listen to the band play for a bit.  VU, as always didn't disappoint. :)
The music was great. The burlesque videos were amusing. The crowd was 'eh' when there are no less than four polyester-clad bachelorette parties going on. Cover was $10. Service was unpretentious. I'm not a big fan of this part of town for a Saturday night and won't be visiting unless it was for another birthday.
I went here the last 2 weekends and had an awesome time for nights.  The band here is great and i'll gladly pay a cover for them.  The dj plays good music in between sets.  The place gets packed late night, but it's a fun crowd.  In my opinion this place would be a lot better if they got rid of some of the tables and had more space to walk around and dance.
Highly recommended. Have been in on both a Wednesday and Friday night and had an excellent evening on both occasions. The resident band are an eclectic bunch and together they put on a great show which makes for an excellent atmosphere. They do a really delicious kind of martini (the name escapes me) that complements the setting perfectly. A really cracking little spot in Greenwich Village.
I came here on Thursday Dec. 26th.  Turns out the comedy theme was called setlist. The comics get themes to improv on.  Problem was the themes were so lame several times they couldn't even come up with material.  Godfrey was funny but his set was way short.  The funniest one was Mark Chapman because he went off on his own material.  Not worth the cover.. Need better writers for the themes.
This is a nice place to go see up and coming artists. I went here with my fiance and his friends. The atmosphere is for the GROWN AND SEXY, not a little hangout spot for high school kids trying to act grown. Price to get in was $20, a little steep, place was is a little crowded but if you get there early enough you can reserve a table. But you will enjoy music, poetry and anything else creative that you don't normally see. Nice place to go for a first date.
Is it possible to give NO STARS?!?!  OH MY GODDD!  GHETTOOOOO!!!!!  I'm sorry but what a nightmare.  We reserved a table only to find that there was no table reserved.  We went out and bought new outfits because we were told there was a very strict dress code only to find out that THERE WAS NO DRESS CODE!!!!!!  There was everything from white t-shirts to baggy jeans, to sneakers to straight brimmed caps.  Our waitress was LOADED!  I mean, falling over herself and spilled an entire tray of drinks on us.  Couldn't barely speak drunk!  It was so overcrowded that it scared me.  This is a basement!  I don't quite understand how it could be legal for them to cram that many people into a tiny basement with one entrance and exit.  It scared me.  When we managed to get onto the dance floor my ass was attacked by grabbing hands "accidental" bumps and grinds.  Umm, I thought this was supposed to be a place with class.  What happened?  I was with my HUSBAND!  Ring intact and I was treated like a piece of meat in an instant.  What a nightmare of an experience.  JUST AWFUL!
This is a great place to see a show.  No matter where you are in the room, you are close to the stage.  I saw Matt Nathanson a few years ago and it ROCKED!!!
Cool lounge-ish place to go for dancing in between bars.  I always start at Fat Black and make my way downstairs somehow each time.  Be sure to check out the bathroom, it's really cool.  It gets knocked two stars for what many others have mentioned, hearing the same song more than once.  I could understand if they use the same playlist night after night, but why do I need to hear the same Kanye song 3 times?!
Went back to the Village Underground  last night. When The Unionn is playing it's completely worth the cover. Plus, I discovered the Flirtini on the drink list. Anytime you cross a martini with champagne, I'm a fan. My only regret is that I had to leave early. Will definitely be back. Also, I saw some other reviews that said the bouncers were a problem. The guy who was working the door last night was a sweetheart. I guess maybe girls have less of a problem with fitting in with a dress code since we don't tend to wear sneakers and such when we're going out dancing.
Awesome little gem in West Village.   Upstairs is karaoke and downstairs is armature night. I liked the vibe but it's catered toward a certain crowd so if you think you will feel awkward going to a step lower from Show Time at the Apollo, don't bother going. I loved this place!!
It was solid; nice crowd and busy, but not packed so that you're shoulder to shoulder with someone. However, when I arrived with my friend at 12 am, there was no dancing! Don't be misguided into thinking that it's a dance party! Otherwise, it was fun.
I went there last Friday with some girlfriends to see the live band. That was my second time at VU and I love it. Diverse crowd and awesome band. You can hear just about any type of music there. There's a pretty good vibe and I would definitely go back.
Love..Love..Love!!! Best place to go on Sunday night! If you have a talent you can showcase it here & you even be discovered by a celebrity. My first time here, I seen Tracy Morgan.
Good live music. Seating and reservations isn't their strong side, I felt treated like a second class citizen. Never again for me, don't need that kind of aggravation. Will get my fix someplace else and if businesses with this sort of attitude are going away it can't be soon enough for me. Good riddance. If there were 0 stars that's what they would get from me. Also: we spent $80 bucks on 4 drinks and wings, no itemized bill (eff off?...) and I pray to god that they're not double charging. I got suckered into this thing and regret it. A good experience is something else!
I've been there a couple of times. I loved when people sing gospel on sunday nights but i'm not sure if people still do. It get crowed so getting there early is a must. If you sit a table you must order drinks so beware!
Pros:  1/2 Price Drinks and Food, Live Music Cons:  Atmosphere is decent for a bar or a lounge but not quite there as a night club.
I went there 1st time with my friend on July 26th (tues) for classic funk/R&B night. Music was nice. But the service given by the Spanish guy was totally awful. If I ever go back there & see him serve me again. I'll definitely reject being served.
The band and DJ are great.  Def shake my a** when there.  I would have given more stars but had to take off 2 stars because the waitresses are kinda rude and push people out of the way even when there is room for them to go around you.  If you make reservations for a table, make sure you are there on time otherwise they will give up your table even if you are only 15 mins late.
When you're looking to party hardy and get your groove on, Village Underground is the place to go. Decently priced drinks and a good mix of music for dance lovers and hip hop heads. I've only been on Saturdays, so I can't comment on other days of the week, but I have yet to be dissapointed. I would recommend reserving a table for you and your friends that way you have a place to put your stuff (stuff includes your drink which you'll find to be moderately priced). Great times to be had at the village underground! :-D
Great band! So fun. This was our favorite part of the our entire weekend in NYC. They played all kinds of music and everyone was dancing. I agree with another reviewer: no  attitude, no bs. Everyone's there to just have a good time. Fun, laid-back crowd. Tasty martinis for $11.
The basement of the Fat Black Pussycat. The band is the thing here. They played pop, reggae, r n b, rock and even a little country. We knew every song. Everyone in the 9 member band was talented and fun. Several people jumped in for guest spots and all were great. The crowd on a Wednesday night started getting into it after midnight. We stayed til close and had a blast the whole time. All staff was helpful and friendly. My highlight was the Irish guitar player leading out on The Cross, a non-radio song from Prince's Sign o the times. The song is not subtle in its Christian theme and it seemed like the rest of the band was a little cautious at first, but the guy played and sang with such passion and soul that everyone was in full force by the end. Great night.
Its just as good as the original Comedy Cellar with better seating and cheaper prices.
This is a good place to listen to  R&B music in a jam session/open mic setting.
I was in town on business and went here by myself. only because the guy handing out flyers was so enthusiastic had to give it a try that and anything underground just sounds like dirty good fun. I would normally stay out of touristy places. I had the greatest time. The drinks are strong and cheap. The dance floor is a very tiny and if you want to dance kinda makes you feel like the center of attn because it is literally at the bands feet front and dead center. But enough of these strong cheap cocktails and I didn't mind,  the band was so rockin they played everything reggae rock and everything to make you sing and make your fingers pop.  I found myself edgin closer and closer to them and before I knew it I had joined the polite drunkin crowd of dancers that seemed to just materialize.  For such a rockin band who ever would have thought  the leader is also the club owner. They have like 13 people and the conga drummer is off the chain. They are much more than a wedding band but I am blowing my whole budget on hiring them for my wedding. I went upstairs for a spell to calm down and catch my breath a very nice mellow Mediterranean like room connected to the hip hop and R&B room that has like a pool table and darts. But I like live music so back downstairs I went....This place is also by my favorite pizza joint, Ben's,  another plus...I only gave it three stars because the super small dance floor which i m sure is hellish on the weekends I went on a Wednesday ... oh the bathroom and the attendant are top notch...
it could be fun if you are into hiphop and dancing, but personally I was not impressed.
This place was amazing. this review is only based on sunday open mic night. its a very small venue so get there early ir rsvp to ensure a seat even if its jyst for two people. Staff was very friendly. Drinks were cool. Talent was hit and miss but crowd was very supportive either way. Host was funny and talented. Great singer. He did seem to use stage time for his own performances which albeit were good but took away from the flow of tge newbies. Not sure how food is here but hot wings smelled good. Only thing is to get there early and u will enjoy a great time with a diverse crowd. Loved it
I wasn't happy that the waiter had to squeeze us all in a small section on the side of the stage.. I couldn't really see the performers so I had to sit sideways to catch a glimpse of each person as they went to the stage.  The 2 drink minimum is standard for these type of venues, but they weren't anything special and tasted more watered down or filled with juice.  The male host and band was probably the most memorable part of the event.  Not only can the band play together with such skill and harmony, they can hear play any song you provide on cue ... even if it's an original that they'd never heard of.  The host had an extremely great stage presence and knew how to work the crowd... not to mention he also had a talent in singing as well.  There were some OK performers and some who really did an amazing job.  It takes a brave person to go up there regardless and I enjoyed the live entertainment.
BAND IS AMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAZING! A friend took me here about two weeks ago and I had the most fun I've had all year. With about a dozen folks on stage, it was impossible to leave unsatisfied because each one of them was a spectacular musician and vocalist. These people are doing justice (and then some) to some of the best songs of all time, by some of the best singers of all time. Really. Mindblowing talent. I was getting chills at some of the performances. Good vibes, good crowd, great music. I enjoyed the drinks and felt the prices were reasonable. The entertainment you're getting at this spot is well worth the cost of entry and drinks, and then some. I plan to come back for more soon!
one star taken for the 15 cover and 2 drink min...other then that it was a cool spot almost all the singers blew me away, except for "Dakota" or Lisa or what ever her name was...she was garbage. what was killing me was Pastor love joy kirk franklin brian mc Not!  kept singing mean while the devils juice was flowing like the salmon of capistrono, this one girl got the holy ghost and was speaking in tounges, and then went to the bar...talk about Gin and Jesus! lmao I guess Sunday isnt a great night to go, but I met Ankh from making the band, he was offering singing classes hopefully one day my ass can be singing on that stage. but this place reminded me of how NY is the best city in the US.
Nice music, nice.crowd,.awesome band.
Friends and I were looking for a fun place to celebrate my 30th.   I just stumbled upon the website and thought it looked fun. Long story short Heidi was very helpful and it was a great night!
I came here for my birthday this Saturday night with a group of about 15 people and I can honestly say I had the best birthday yet. The food was great. The drinks were nice and strong and not overpriced like these other city places. For a place that only charges $15 cover and 2 drink minimum, it was all worth it. The band was beyond great. Rahj and his team deserve a Grammy. The best part of the night however was the service. From the time we walked in the door, our waitress Gianni (i want to say), took the best care of me and my team. George the manager was soooo nice. Even the bouncers were all cool and welcoming and not overbearing. Jennifer took care of me before I even made it to the building by handling my reservation and answering all of my questions. The vibes were nice and I AM DEFINITELY GOING BACK!!! Loved it loved it loved it.
Being centrally located to a Manhattan mini-reunion with 2 of my college girlfriends (1 each from Boston and DC), I became fully responsible for a decent place to go dancing last Saturday. I needed to find a place with a focus on the dancing rather than the lounging, spinning hip hop and not just house, and where my 30-something friends and I wouldn't feel out of place. The Village Underground scored on all 3. We got there really early after dinner and paid $10 cover. Since it was empty at that time, we got an unreserved couch and enjoyed the full attention of our cocktail waitress to fulfill our $25 minimum. It was only slightly odd to see the old time nudie movies playing on the screens, but nevertheless entertaining. After a while, a bachelorette party showed up, making things a bit sketchy for a moment, but soon enough the view of the matching pink tank tops was obscured by other dancers. The music was solid hip hop with some 80s and top 40. Everyone looked good, not overly clubby or teeny bopper. People were courteous of "our" couch even though we hadn't reserved it (we did share when it got crowded), and we even got hit on a little by some younger men who weren't so much into grab-ass as dancing. After 1am it was hard to move on the dance floor and we went in search of a more relaxing venue. We had a great time and would definitely do it all over again!
LOVE.LOVE.LOVE this place! It was amazing.  It made me happy.  It made us dance.  It made us forget about everything except reveling in that very moment. I absolutely loved this place and can't wait to return. We kicked off our visit to NYC at the Village Underground and I'm so glad we did.  This place was AHHHMAZING I'm dreaming about my next visit already. My friend made reservations early around 9:30 pm and we were one of the very first groups to arrive but the place started to fill up pretty quickly.  There was no cover because we visited on a Wednesday.   The band that night was their house band and they were absolutely amazing and so talented.  They were so talented i forgot all about my problems and just enjoyed the very moment. Service for drinks was also great and our waitress was very friendly and helpful.  They do have a 2 drink or 2 item minimum per person and we easily met that minimum as we were there to kick off a fun filled weekend. Highly highly recommend.  Get there early, make reservations and just enjoy the music.  Definitely a MUST visit.
We went there for a comedy show, five comedian performed and all of them were funny (although i didn't get the jokes from one of them, probably because Of my young age and not being from here). We had two order two items per person! The variety of drinks specially beers was terrible! IF IT WASN'T for comedians i would have given a two star for the service and variety of drinks!
Pros: 1. Live band that engages the crowd - they brought people up to the stage (ME, being one haha) 2. Seating area available (booths) 3. You can order food or drinks Cons: 1. Cover charge with minimum of 2 drinks 2. Very loud - although there are booths as seating areas, you can't really have a conversation with your friends because it's extremely loud 3. Although this place is very casual, the drinks are pricey - not worth it for the amount - I bought 5 tequila shots and paid $10.50 a shot 4. Waitresses took a very long time to take our orders 5. You can't buy from the bar if you have a table - you have to order your drinks through the waitress Note: 1. I went on a Saturday and the band was playing cover songs. Anything from 80s oldies to present day hits. Tip: 1. Reserve a table through the site before you go. You won't get charged extra and you'll definitely get a table. I reserved a table the day of - about three hours before to be exact. It was an easy process, I was with a group of five and as soon as we got there we were seated.
This place has great live band on weekends. The music is great. Cover charge is $12 on Fri night. I enjoy coming here to chill down.
