I vowed to return for some late night park play and I did! How was it you ask? AWESOME! Now, there was a silly line that sucked because unlike the nice warm faux outside inside that is The Park ..outside was actually freezing and I was outside on line for much too long. The guys at the door are sweethearts thought and actually take a nice long look at your ID so no babies! There also is no cover to get in...or maybe the guys I was with paid for it?? I don't know. Don't think so though. The place was nicely crowded. Awesome music. I had a patron magarita. PERFECT! Not too strong and went down nice and smooth (stayed down too haha). The crowd was nice. No drama. Got pushed a few times but everyone was having so much fun that it didn't matter. Dance music galore. Can't tell you about the price of the drinks since I didn't buy any but they were nice and strong and they didn't fill the cup with ice and not gimme any liquor. Stayed for about an hour before heading to the next spot but thats only because my friends were on a mission that night and this happened to be the 1st stop. It's gorgeous in here at night and I can't wait to return yet again.
As a nighttime lounge: Pretty place with NO COVER. Kind of hard to find that nowadays. Different rooms and sectioned areas with multiple bars. Dark, swanky decor. Upstairs dancing area gets REAL crowded and steamy. I like the outside patio. Bouncers will NOT let guys in unless accompanied by ladies. Drinks are pricey. Fight your way through the masses to the bar, then wait 10 minutes for the bartender to realize you've been waiting 10 minutes for their attention. and since when did the Asian crowd get so huge there? i'm editing my review 6/18/07 and am upping The Park one star. huge place? yes. dark, swanky, sexy decor? yes pricey drinks? yes. crowded? hell yes. (and i once again proved my bar-time note) but when you need a place to have your birthday bash and you invite everyone you've ever met and their mothers and you prefer to have them all fit in one space and you feel bad that they'll be dropping $$$ on beverages and don't want them to pay cover and have complications with re-entry............ then OFF TO THE PARK you go. (but you can go when it's not your birthday too...) guaranteed no cover and entrance is practically endless since the place is ginormous. SWEET. but boys.... i remind you to please go with a girl. i feel bad for the bastids who get left out in the cold for lack of opposite sex company.
I'm rating this on the night life.  I've been here quite a few times already and I figured I should write a review by now.   One thing to note is that there is no cover and although there is occasionally a line outside, it moves quite quickly.  The longest I've ever had to wait was 20 minutes.  They're also not strict about the dress code.  One thing I like is the music - it leans towards hip hop and top 40 with the occasional oldies. As soon as you enter, the inside seems quite cozy and the place is very roomy.  There is an outdoor area that's covered up to protect you from the weather.  That's a plus, especially in the winter.  The outdoor area is a good place to rest since the place does get packed later on in the night.  There's also an upstairs area with their "rooftop" that's also protected from the weather.  That seems to be the busiest place.  There are scattered seats and couches around the area if you're lucky you can find one.  This is always a good default place if you're around the area and all else fails.
Came here after having dinner last sunday at Buddakan for some drinks and to check out the place as well. I yelp this place before flying in to the city, so might as well check it out. It was sunday night, so not much people, but i enjoyed my drink, the seating area near the fire place was cute. Pretty much the crowd was all couple that night. But it would probably be different on other nights.
I can't say a word about The Park and their staff without smiling and having warm fuzzies all over because they made our wedding day extra special. It was your typical Feb 18th City Hall wedding in New York and due to the snow storm that morning, I knew this place would be perfect to allow great photos with green trees and their beautiful set up. Our reservations were set for 1:45pm but the ceremony was over by 11:30am and we headed over. The staff was happy to make the switch and were so excited to see it was a celebration. From the host, to the server to the waiters...everyone went out of their way to make this day extra special. The heat lamps were on over our table and I was burning up, maybe it was nerves, adrenaline,  or the excitement of marrying the guy of my Mexican dreams--but they quickly turned the lamp off and I began to cool down. The service was great. The food was delicious ( I had the lamb meatball sandwich minus the bead since I was saving room for wedding cake and my husband had the butternut squash lasagna). Just perfect food for a perfect day. Without being asked, they cleared our table when we were done ( it was me, my husband, our beautiful friend who was our witness and her boyfriend and the photographer). Our small wedding party of 4 quickly sliced up the cake and toasted to love, life and great service. The Park and the staff were amazing. They made us feel wonderful on this day and for that--I will always remember them.
Easy to get into, being that I am a girl. Unfortunately, if you are a boy, you will not be allowed to enter. My guy friends were gonna meet us up at this place and I had to go back out to escort them in, so be sure to bring lots of ladies with you. The downstairs area was very nice with and inside area that had tables and an opposing outside area with trees and tables condusive for good conversations with friends. They even have this little pseudo fireplace area that seems very cozy where a lot of people just sit around and talk. However, once you get upstairs its becomes very crowded , noisy, and hot in some areas. Unfortunately the hot area, is where the music can be heard better which is a shame if you wanna dance. The cooler area is where the bar is and where the couches are located. The big downside of the night was that a fight broke out, which lead to a guy breaking a bottle over another guys head. Damn you angry drunks! But it didn't really stop anyone from continuing there night because they were ushered out shortly after their tirade. Also, from what I noticed, the crowd was mostly asian. Overall, it was ok. I think this place would be better for dinner than for a night out.
This place is beautiful and the space is really expansive. They have outdoor and indoor seating, and a rooftop. There are many different rooms, multiple bars, and the outdoor seating is designed to give you the feel of dining in the middle of a park. Overall I love the layout! But it ends there. I went here for a function and their service and food were terrible. Huge disappointment. The people who work here were not friendly or helpful. Maybe it was an off night, idk. Two different servers walked right into not only me but my friend on more than one occasion.  They did not apologize or even acknowledge us. They also get a few orders incorrect at the bar and empty food platters sat for awhile without getting replenished. Probably best for an after-work drink if you work nearby.  If the location was more convenient I would give them another chance for drinks or lunch but being so far west it is unlikely.
I am writing about the nightclub. i enjoyed this joint-glam and classy decor, spacious bar and sitting areas in the front & upstairs, courteous coat check staff, and good music. Upstairs, where there is a dance floor and patio area where people can sit. Because of the open space, there was plenty of ventilation. No cover for guys or girls.
REVIEW FOR THE "BARCAFE" FRONT BAR: This overlooked cozy little spot is perfect for a chill night out with friends or a date! The Park calls this the "front bar" of the dining room, but the sign outside calls it "BarCafe". Either way, I'm so glad I discovered it. On one side is the bar but on the other is a mini lounge area where a fireplace crackles and vintage copies of National Geographic (dating back to the 1940s!) line the walls. A cushioned bench runs along the perimeter of the wall, and two 900-year-old (!) redwood root benches face them. Smooth jazz and mid-century crooners fill out the background sound. It's the perfect place to settle back, relax, and enjoy some good cocktails and company. For cocktails my Blood on the Tracks (bourbon, muddled orange and brandied cherries, blood orange puree, bitters) was watery and disappointing. But the boyfriend's Bonfire (jalapeno tequila, agave nectar, muddled cucumber, fresh jalapeno, lime juice) was en pointe and delicious! One of my friends got the Hendrick's Mash (gin, muddled lemon and cucumber, st germain- when elderflower is involved, it's always a winner) which was refreshing and tasty too.
I was taken here by two of my New Yorker friends who used to in San Diego too. So they knew my taste. But they didn't want to go anywhere with a $40 cover and a long line...So we took the subway here and walked many blocks to The Park. Despite the fact that it was humid/sticky as hell and none of us should've even bothered having a shower, not having to wait in a line or pay a cover was relieving. I'd had high hopes of NYC nightlife but it all depends on who takes you and where they take you, right? This wasn't really what I'd had in mind but whatever. The Park is a huge brick building with a restaurant and a nice outdoor area with foliage, a back bar, and a rooftop bar. If it were a normal liveable temperature I would've enjoyed myself, but that weather was unbearable! I don't know how anyone can function being sticky and drunk at the same time. The A/C was pumping to no avail. The first bar we went to, I tried to get a SugarFree Red Bull vodka. No Sugar Free...So I got a regular one, and the glass was a tad bigger than a shotglass, overpacked with ice, and was $15. Wow. Tiny overpriced drink. At least when I get charged $15 in San Diego or San Francisco, the drink is a normal size. Another memorable part of that bar was the jerk of a server who was obviously a bitter grumpy soul. I was waiting for a drink and the tray stand fell over. It was so dark I had no idea what happened and had been startled by the noise but couldn't figure out the problem so I didn't pick it up. After 5 minutes this high-ponytailed guy sighs loudly and yells rudely "don't worry, I'll pick it up!" I wasn't going to let that fly so I yelled back at him that I didn't even know what'd happened. Anyway, he soured my experience, especially since he's an employee... The rooftop bar was packed but I could see it being cool if there weren't so many people and there was some functioning A/C. DJ was up there too. The outside patio was nice too (except for the smoke). The back bar had tables and was fairly accessible too. Overall a nice venue, just don't go there when the weather is so nasty. People were pretty dressed up. Late 20s, early 30s crowd. I see it as more of a casual place, but there weren't too many scrubs wandering around...
The two stars are strictly for the design and ambiance. The place is beautiful. Other than that, the food was typically mediocre and way overpriced. Our server was  rude, inattentive and was of the attitude that he was somehow doing us a favor by gracing us with his presence. The Park had the same feel as a B Bar downtown. Come to find out, it's owned by the same group. After hearing this, I felt less surprised that such a beautiful restaurant could be so sub par because B Bar is the exact same way.
Tons of kids, pushy and uncomfortable bar, actually dined here one night to try the food and it was mediocre.  They served us a bad bottle of $150 wine (literally vinegar).  We were the only ones there to eat - but don't worry!  You won't be alone at the bar ;) And yes, they actually have a velvet rope on the weekends.  LOL
Just to start, I'd like to point out that I've only been to The Park at night. Years have gone since my crazy clubbing days back in the fancy clubs of Shanghai, and nowadays, I rarely find myself at a dance club or even a rowdy bar. You're much more likely to find me in a small speakeasy or wine bar. However, this Saturday night, I had to urge to go out and a friend of mine was heading to The Park, so I joined. Not at all knowing what to expect prior to coming, I dressed nicely but casually and headed there. It was an easy walk from the subway, and we were quickly ushered into the dimly lit, but beautiful place. The Park, I must say, is beautiful, and I know that I will surely return in the future. Upon entering, there's a small bar and a fireplace with comfortable armchairs. As we continued along I saw there was a downstairs - which we never adventured to - as well as numerous booths with adorable coat hangers along each. And then it led to the backyard. Now that was amazing. There was this huge tree lit with fairy lights, as well as numerous other earthy accents like a tree trunk bench. It was enchanting. Alas, that was not where we were meeting her friends, so we ventured onwards. There was a huge sitting area with couches and armchairs again, as well as a staircase that led up to one of the dancing areas. Here we could more clearly hear the sounds of some middle school classics - from Get Low, to Lean Back - these songs filled me with such nostalgia and got my dorky middle school dancing jam on. The adorable middle school-ness of it all was further highlighted when my friend Sarah's friend from home  - whom we were meeting - began dancing silly-y and a dance circle started form, with some of the men (and women) showcasing their stellar breakdancing skills. All in all it was a great, casual but fun night out in a really beautiful and chill atmosphere. Though the drinks were nothing spectacular, the place itself was really lovely. It was so huge that I never felt very cramped, and it wasn't such an intense dance bar that it didn't afford us the opportunity to talk - and occasionally get hit on by the menfolk there. It was the perfect solution to my boredom that night.
This time at The Park, I secretly confessed to a few (condemned by many) that my first review was based on coming here twice NOT realizing there was a second level... ye...ah. All night I was drenched in sweat and alcohol, but no matter how much I drank this place still failed to intoxicate me. There were those couches laid out lecture room style, the girl who threw her drink at people, a DJ sifting through songs too fast. AND WHAT'S UP WITH THE GIANT FISH BOWL BEHIND HIM?--splitting the whole clubbing scene into the massive crowd grinding in the steamy darkness, and, the fish. Not sexy. 2.5 stars, but plus a half star of my wholehearted apology for my epiphany 2 months too late.
Huge space. Really tastefully decorated. But that's about it... The line is way too long when they could comfortably fit another two hundred people inside. Drinks are expensive, music is eh. It's a really cool spot to go for a drink or two on an off night. I'll be generous and give it four stars for that. I think you'll be disappointed if you're looking for a wild Saturday night in meat-packing. If you are going on a Saturday, line up at 10:30.
Used to go here all the time for dancing and drinks. It would get cramped upstairs but was good because there was no cover. I recently went there for dinner and actually was very surprised. The atmosphere is great - trees inside - huge space - feels like you are eating outside. Menu is straight forward american fare - very good mussels, good beers and decent entrees. Recommended.
YO DAWG, i herd you like parks so i put a park in your dance club called The Park, so you can dry hump while you appreciate a park AND nature!!... your dance experienced has just been pimped.... wait, what? my brain just exploded. there are 2 floors, i remember that for sure. a fireplace downstairs. dancing, upstairs.... that got pretty good. drinks were tasty. don't remember much else...... oh yeah, SHOTS, SHOTS, SHOTS.
This place is my jam.  Went here for birthday parties, helped throw a party here for my GF and now all of her friends love the place.  I believe its because of the atmosphere and the upstairs patio.  On summer nights there is a nice cool breeze that comes in.  The drinks are NYC prices so be ready for that.  Be prepared for a good time though.  They have pretty solid burgers a good amount of beer choices.  And if you can't find parking spots there is a pretty good parking lot in front of the park which isn't terribly priced. (atleast you know where your car is and that its pretty safe)  You are right next to the west side high way and if you were on a date prior to going out, walking on the highline is the perfect panty dropper.
Ordered the burger and it was very cold and fries where stale! Also had the crab dip and they provided us with like 6 chips, asked for more and they came literally 20 min later! Service was poor and so was the food I'm never coming back!
No cover charge. Bit the cocktail is a bit pricey.
Well reading the reviews for the nighttime makes me glad I went during the day. Hit this place up not too long ago with a friend because we were starving. I saw the inviting outdoor area and fell in love right away. But with the heat and humidity of the day, my friend and I decided to stay inside and let the breeze hit us. The menu also hit us because I couldn't find too much appealing to start off with. Well we decided to stick with the originals (calamari, a burger) and I decided to do something out of the box and ordered one of their large plates of two eggs, with parmesean white polenta and panchetta. Our server for that day was Christian (a cute Argentine) who was just a joy. What I did not though was once our food was brought (well at least the appetizers) remekins of sauces were so small we got through less than half of our food and they were done. As we dug into our crispy but yet satisfying calamari she ordered herself a margarita and I indulged in the 10th Ave Sunset and Blueberry Hill (this is made with blueberry vodka not over powering just right). As the main entrees came she enjoyed her burger and my eggs with polenta were absolutely amazing (save for the panchetta too salty for me). The only con I would have is that the manager walked pass us several times and checked on other tables but didn't acknowledge us or speak until the entrees came or when we needed to check out. I will make it point though to come at dinner time just to try their different menu items
I am not much of going out on a Sunday to some party, as i know i cannot stop at just one drink, but went to park with some friends and had a really good time. It felt much like b bar to me with much more space and actually a bit cuter. The music is really good and the only draw back i would have to say are the go-go boys. I can see how they fit into Splash, Urge, and etc but I don't see them here...bleh. While waiting for my friends to collect their coats I had two guys approach me as well, which never happens - so that's always an added star!
Love coming here.  Music is good. Def lots of asians, if you're into that.
When I got to the door the bouncer asked me if I was the DJ.  I should have taken that as a sign.  When I got in it was snoozeville.  Bleh ppl and overpriced drinks made me tired.   Went there for a young professionals mixer upstairs another time.  That was even more snoozey.
I was pretty impressed with The Park. * Lots of space (and I mean LOTS) * Nice decor/ambiance * Decent food * No cover * Quick lines, if any * Morphs into a club What else can you ask for?
I've only been to this place for dinner, but here that their club upstairs is pretty nice too. They don't charge cover either, so that's definitely a plus. The decor is gorgeous. They have an outside/garden sitting area that has trees, plants, and mood lighting, and they have an inside area, which is sleek, modern, and sophisticated. But the place doesn't have that arrogant "we are an upscale restaurant in new york" vibe. I ordered their sangria (i personally prefer the red sangria, but both red and white are good!). My friend and I shared a chicken, red peppers, and pesto pizza and it was delicious! They also served this delicious soft bread with olive oil, I was in heaven. The service was great as well. It's a really nice romantic date spot, but good for groups too (you can share a pitcher of sangria for $32 and the pitcher is pretty big).
Hm....I struggled to pick 3 stars.  Here is the scoop on this place: lots of potential but not quite up to it yet. I start with the bad:  appetizers came out cold, as in having been sitting on the counter for  a couple of hours....didn't look or taste fresh.  Wine glass and cloth napkin were both dirty looking.  The main course, lamb meetball sandwich came with the bread slightly burned.  Now the good:  bread was slightly burned and crusty.  Absolutely loved the bread.  The lamb meatballs were also very tasty but very small also.  The tomato based sauce was very tasty.  The egglant was thinly sliced and well cooked.  The best part about this place is its setting!  You feel you are in some tropical location and the climbing vines give even more character to the exposed brick and steel on the walls.  Really cool in fact.  Not sure if my pics will do it justice. Bottom line, food is really 2 stars but setting and service 4 stars, so.....
Their signature cocktails are goooood. I had something pink and it was fun. And then something else with elderflower.. Sat at the bar on a Friday night with a friend. Great space. I heard the food sucks but I don't really know.
The Park is a sprawling restaurant/bar/club that I never want to go to. However, I seem to end up there quite often. It's a place where the ladies get to dance, the guys get to creep on the ladies, and due to its size, there is never really that much trouble getting in. On my last venture, I arrived late to the party at around 1 am on a Friday. I wandered around looking for my friends. The entire, enormous downstairs area was sparsely populated. The upstairs bar looked and sounded packed; I thought to myself, I hope they aren't upstairs. My text: Where are you? Hers: Upstairs. So I trudged wearily up the steps, waited at the bar to buy some liquid tolerance (it was $42 for two well drinks and two tequila shots, which could be worse, but could also be much better), and pushed my way through the crowd to a table in the back. Once there, I did have a good time.   But is it just me? It makes no sense to squeeze through the crowded, sweaty mass of people to hang out near the insanely busy bar where I need to wait for drinks and can't hear myself think, when there is a perfectly good bar downstairs with no one waiting and places to sit. Am I crazy? Or...Oh, right. I'm an old man now.
The Park has got to be one of the biggest restaurants/bars/lounges in the City. Trees grow INSIDE, granting the space a degree of serenity that otherwise would be obliterated by (1) its sheer size, and (2) its patrons, many of whom are in various states of inebriation, especially after the dance floor rolls out in conjunction with the penthouse's opening around midnight. The bar is well-stocked, cocktails are mediocre, and the food is fine. I will say, however, that the music was TERRIBLE. Transitions between songs were laughably undance-able, and the speakers themselves should be repositioned or replaced. Perhaps this is why, despite it being Fleet Week, people didn't really take to the dance floor until after 1:00/1:30.
This is like your Wal Mart of night life .. there is something for everyone, but all are mediocre. There is a huge patio section that is covered up in the winter time and outdoors in the summer. It's great for just sitting, getting some drinks, hanging out. Upstairs there is a "club", there is a proper white tablecloth restaurant downstairs and a bar in the back as well. So there you have it: patio, club, bar, restaurant. Take your pick. Oh and I seem to remember an aquarium at the back of the dance floor in the club .. something for the kids too!!!
I'm a big fan of this place, but to be clear, I'm reviewing this place on it's merits as a lounge/bar and their apps. The Park is massive, and because of this, it offers a space that does not suffer from what most NYC bars and restaurants suffer from: crowds. I've been here on weekend days and nights and it's always been a pleasurable experience. I haven't been stuck in someone's armpit trying to waive money in the face of the bartender, the way I get the pleasure of doing in other places. I am reviewing The Park right now because I recently went for a pretty big celebration for drinks, and of course we stayed well beyond the "happy hour" portion of the event and drank right through dinner time. Needless to say, true to happy hour form, we ordered a bot load of The Park's pizzas. Not glamorous, I know, but the pizza was! The crust was thin, yet fluffy and the toppings and cheese were fantastic! This is a great place to stumble into and grab drinks and apps, especially because all of the common drink space is free to the public (i.e. no reserving tables and bottle service nonsense), so next time you're planning a little gathering and don't want to pay the bottle service prices, definitely consider The Park!
Back on time I was really lucky to spend several days travelling through the Sahara in Tunisia which included the visit to several Oases. Enter in The Park last night makes me evoke that memories. In the middle of nowhere and behind a modest and pretty bad looking outside you will enter in a unexpected micro-world. Thankfully I read Pearl K. photo's comment pointing out the fact that is right under the Park sign. The Main Room, The Atrium space, The Garden, The Red Room, The Penthouse Eating - Lounging - Cocktailing - Dancing. Glass enclosed spaces, Bamboo, Wisteria, glass doors, Japanese Trees, upstairs glass ceiling, impressive furniture and Asian ornaments. The place is as huge as beautiful and offers ambiances for all the moods. I was seriously impressed with the look.     Besides how it looks like and judging just the lounge/dance side of The Park, its a nice venue to keep in my list of places to go back. Starting with one of the easiest to get in (we were just girls, tho), not strict dress code, no cover.... and followed for different spaces to satisfy your changes of mind along the night, enough good drinks with reasonable prices, a mixed crowd composed for all types, and music so so but not bad. I really liked that I never detect any non-respectful behaviour as I have notice in some other clubs from people who thinks they are so special to get in that they can do anything. Exclusivity at the door doesn't mean you are getting the best. I also like that I could take a relaxing, not-smoking breath in the other areas running away from the hot packed dancing Penthouse. And I liked that the Sexy Bitch - made with Stoli Peachick, Pineapple Juice, Fresh Mango Puree, Grenadine - and the Purple Kiss - a mix of Veev Acai Liquor, Fresh Lychee Juice, Lime Juice, Lavender Syrup- was pleasantly good and sweet. The service wasn't really great and the dance room gets crowded, but still we could find our private spot and move mostly comfortably. The DJ last night seemed to be running from old hip-hop hits through current danceable hits which it wasn't bad. I had overall a great time here. As everyone for what It could see. Coming Back, definitely
This place is right in my wheel house. MePA location                                        Check Beautiful Decor                                       Check Mojitos                                                    Check Great music                                            Check Dancing                                                  Check Non pretentious and friendly crowd        Check What's not to love? The venue is gorgeous. As I've said before, the crowd is beautiful, not to mention energetic and friendly as hell (especially compared to some of the surrounding area). The upstairs area gets packed later in the night, and the dining are serves as a getaway or breather if you will. I just really love the atmosphere here. You'd have to put effort into not having a good time here.
Meh.  Very crowded venue.  The tree/garden lounge area provides a nice way to cool self and get away from the noise and bodies. Typical music.  Strong drinks.  My one martini really did me in. Nice to come with friends, lax door, very Asian.
We went here for drinks and dancing on Saturday night.  The environment was horrid.  People were standing around on the dance floor and trying to infringe upon my girlfriends and I dancing.  The clientele is very snooty (there is a huge difference between high class and plain snooty).  Furthermore, the bartender refused to let my friends buy more than one drink (instead of having us all wait for the bartender we sent a couple of girls to bring drinks back but they were not allowed to do so even though I noticed guys bringing back drinks for their dates).  The bouncers were even rude.  Heaven forbid they smile!  I would never return.
Why do I do this to myself? After 4 hours on the Forbes Yacht (yeah, I roll like that) where I took it upon myself to sample every top shelf bottle of liquor they had, I stumbled down the dock and into The Park for some more drinking. Like I really needed that. The outside bit was hoppin with just about every table filled up so us rag tag lot grabbed the weird tree stump/loveseat, cowhide stool and leather benches surrounded by National Geographics that are in front of the bar. Seeing as I had already been drinking like a sailor (hehehe), I was transfixed by this odd decor. Particularly the tree stump love seat that I swear, kept changing shape. And as one of my buds pointed out, rather perceptively might I add, The Park reminded him somewhat of B Bar, but with a more woodsy vibe. I'd have to concur. Though I wasn't the one buying the drinks, from my cowhide perch surveying the land, I'd have to say the service was a bit slow as the front bar only had 2 bartenders serving a mass of thirsty patrons. We opted to get some bottles to share at our table so we wouldn't have to deal with the wait (which I bet was The Park's plan along. Sly devils) and as the night increasingly wore on, so did the amount of folks who rocked in - an eclectic mix I might add. I would have to say I'd probably enjoy it more during the day for lunch and sitting at one of the tables outside, or if I'm ever again conveniently stepping off of a yacht, but given it's so far West and away from most of the nightlife, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to hit this place up. It was tough getting a cab at the end of the night, too (just throwing that out there)
I went here for brunch last Sunday and had a very pleasant time. The ambiance really carried the experience as the place is huge and gorgeous. It was quiet enough so that my party of 6 could easily hear each other but not too quiet that we were turning heads at all. Also, we were not rushed at all which I really appreciated. I never got the sense that they needed to turn the table or that we needed to get the check right away after we were done eating...maybe because the place is so big... The brunch food was better than I thought it would be, though my poached egg was a bit overcooked (i.e. wasn't completely runny). I am not sure I would bring anyone here who considered himself a "foodie", but for a fun relaxed Sunday brunch I highly recommend it.
I went here for lunch over the holidays with my family. My favorite thing about this restaurant is the decor... I absolutely love that we got to sit in "the garden" during the bitter cold of winter without being absolutely freezing. My family is from out of town, so this was a perfect way to show them a pretty side of New York. During the summer I might have taken them to BBar, but a friend suggested The Park instead. The food was alright, nothing to spectacular although the presentation was very nice. The tuna tar tar appetizer was very good, as was the banana wontons. Overall I would say that this is a great place to take visitors to give them a sense of a new atmosphere in New York.
This place is really fancy (maybe too fancy for me at least). Came here not too late one evening just for a few drinks with friends. Drinks are pretty expensive (have some beforehand if you plan on staying a while) and it's not very close to the subway. All in all, it was ok, but nothing amazing.
I came here after an open bar with a large group of classmates one evening late this spring.  Having drank/drunk about six glasses of wine while nibbling on carrot sticks for dinner, I remembered very little about the remainder of the evening. What I DO remember is going to The Park and sitting under the trees in the spacious interior of the restaurant/bar and thinking, "Where am I?  Why are there all these trees here?"  I do remember the clean bathrooms which is important when your balance has been impaired and you are no longer able to hover properly.  I do remember the bartenders being ridiculously patient with the large group of semi-retarded grad students who should really know better.   What I don't remember is where my pants went... Any place that can tolerate shenanigans like these is alright in my book.
Everyone should go play at The Park. This place is awesome and made my NY trip for sure. This place is big and has areas that fulfill whatever you want to do; you can drink inside or outside porch area. You can chill downstairs to chat it up or party up top til 4 in the morning. No cover, drinks are reasonably priced, crowd is diverse and fun. Lovin it!
I love the design of this place.  It's beautiful inside.  That's pretty much where it ends for me, and I WANTED to love it, too.  I read about it online when looking for a venue for my wedding reception.  That's the whole vibe we're going for: NYC meets garden.  So we had dinner there on a Saturday night to check it out, thinking the busiest night would be a good representation of the food. There was a short wait, even though there were plenty of empty tables.   The food was so boring and forgettable I can hardly remember what we ate.  I do remember the hummus platter (3 different types of hummus with veggies and crackers/pita?) because the hummus was SO bland and tasteless.  I love hummus, too, so I know it's not that EXCITING of a food but honestly, the flavor was that of cardboard.   I literally just had to call my fiance to see if he remembered what we ordered.  He didn't, either. After our meal we kept saying how the venue and location is insanely perfect, but having to use their food was a complete deal-breaker.  I won't go back.
Loved the ambiance and decor of the place...no cover to get in...One bad thing about this place is that the drinks are pretty expensive so minus one star for me.
WOW. I'm not a fan of douchey clubs to begin with. This had the worst energy, the people were kind of wierd and drinks were way tooo pricey. I had fun, because I with some friends and I got WASTED and truth or dare with strangers is always so much fun but overall this place blew, wouldn't come again unless its a birthday party which was the reason I got dragged here in the first place.
Not bad... Every time I've come here (three times total) it's been unbearably hot in the upstairs dance area. My friends and I joked that the upstairs is for the poor, decrepit crowd and downstairs is for the rich snobs because that's where the air-conditioning was frigidly blasting. This past weekend, I went with a few friends to celebrate someone's birthday. The first group of us got here rather early (before 11pm) to find just a few clusters of people upstairs and found seating for all of us in the cushioned wicker "couches" and just sat around chatting while we waited for the rest of our party to show up. There wasn't any music playing, which surprised me, but I guess it made it easier to converse. Around 11:30, they dimmed the lights (a little too dark for me, but I guess it's better - enhanced beer goggles without the beer?) and a dj started playing some music. He gets a C+ in my book because he'd play some awesome songs and then play something dull to kill the mood and then go back to the good stuff. It was a buzzkill for me at times. After a while, the crowd got bigger and bigger and then we all suffered from heat stroke because there was seemingly no ventilation at all. I was a sweaty hot mess but there was one guy who wore a grey button down (with white collar and wrists - think Lumberg in 'Office Space') who was completely drenched and he kept bumping into people (and me) and grossed me out to the point of making me tell him to please try and control his movements and not touch me. I know, I know, princess behavior, but EWW. Our group lucked out because we found a little corner where some ventilation was working and we all took turns sticking our faces in the cool air so I didn't end up dying, like I usually do. Drink prices were surprisingly okay, I thought. It was $10ish for each cocktail I got. Overall, it's a sort of fun place. The music is Top40 and good for dancing (most of the time) and the crowd is mixed. I saw groups of preppy snobs, tattooed skater boys, boho hippie princesses, and greasy guidos/guidettes.
I typically stray away from the more "type A" dance clubs in the city because I can only take so much Kesha/Miley in one night, but I somehow ended up here twice in a month (friends visiting from out of town). I really enjoyed myself both times. Diverse crowd- and by that I mean, there were Asians and South Asians dancing here, but it's not an "Asian" club. As a young Korean girl who isn't bad looking, this place is the bomb because you never have to pay for drinks. For some reason, the boys here know how to approach you and offer to buy you drinks. Also, the boys aren't super skeevy and grind up all on you when you're dancing to the top40hits the DJ's playing. It's generally a nice time. The downstairs space is huge and really pretty. There's ample space to sit and shmooze. I've never eaten here so I can't rank the food though. I like the fireplace area though.
Going out with friends should not be a stressful experience. Which is exactly why I love the Park. Their lines move quickly, and their only stipulation is that there has to be at least a one girl to one guy ratio. A definite plus is no cover. The Park features two levels and an "outdoor" patio ("outdoor" because the roof retracts but the area is still enclosed by the lounge and another building, somewhat not really justifying the smokers) with an overall Asian theme. The first level contains the patio, restaurant, and a lounge area. The second level has a dance floor with a bar and generally plays hip hop / top 40. While I lived in NYC, I've come here for birthdays, out-of-town guests, and random outings, and they've always been good times.
I would have very easily given the place more than 4 four but the female server upstairs acted as a deterrent for those four stars. Let me first talk about the place and then will describe our crappy experience upstairs at the bar. This place is huge and is divide into following different sections - * The Atrium * Main Room * The Garden * Red Room * The Penthouse The park is lavish and is very spacious. We walked in on a Saturday evening and it was very easy to get in. The bouncers and the staff were very friendly and there was no cover charge which was a surprise considering how good this place is.As one walks inside there are couches on the left and a bar on the left hand side. The coat check is in the basement. As one walks across the bar there is main dining area and on the other side they have more couches and a bar attached to the dance floor downstairs. One will have to walk upstairs through a flight of stairs to access the section upstairs. Me and friends ordered a couple of Patron shots upstairs and even before my friend could finish her drink, the female server took the glass away. After requesting her to give the glass back , she gave my friend a look with attitude as if we were asking for a big favor. Girl I just paid almost $13 bucks for a drink and one would definitely would want to make the most of it, so love your job and don't give that weird attitude to the patrons of the club. FYI- There is only one restroom in this huge place which is located downstairs next to the dance floor.
You have alot of room to dance, damn near every song they play is the jam (you know, where everyone goes, "aww shit, this is the jam!"), you can actually hear your friends, and! (pause for effect) there's an actual working japanese hot tub by the dance floor. Yes, girls will jump into it. Yes, they will dance in the water. And yes, it's awesome. I'm not done! The place is beautiful, perfect for wandering around with drunken abandon, from the classy looking bar to the stone-floored "greenhouse" (finally you can have a smoke "outside" in the middle of winter), to one of the many couches or fireplace nooks, or up the metal staircase past the wicked couture giant lantern chandelier to the dancefloor, where all tha womens are shakin' their tailfeathers. And no cover. Seriously? I'm a fan.
Probably not the best place to make my first Yelp! but, I digress. We hit The Park on a Saturday night, and at first glance the place looked awesome. They have a great interior and outdoor patio (it's enclosed) and it had a pretty cool vibe to it (and no cover!!!). I wrote a draft right after we went and I realized it was really really negative, so I'll tone it down for you. It was a nice place, just the DJ killed the mood on the dance floor at least 2-3 times in 20 minutes, and didn't understand the phrase ('speed it up'). Not a big deal if you're not there to dance, but that was sort of our goal. Either way, nice place, decent music (if I was driving or just chilling) but according to most of my NYC friends, pretty hit or miss on the weekends. They recommend Thursdays if y'all are interested.
Little spoons, falling leaves, bird droppings - but very nice...
This place is huge, and has tons of variety to offer within. Apparently there is a restaurant downstairs which mean you need to be stamped to prove you're over 21 to drink. Downstairs you will find the restaurant, the bar, and a really quaint covered outdoor patio area with real trees. Upstairs you will carefully walk in your stilettos up the concrete steps and enter into another two large rooms. One which overlooks the street, and the other dimly lit, couch ridden bar area. The Park doesn't get packed until midnight, so don't expect to dance before then. The drinks fair well with the nearby competitors of Meatpacking, but the clientele is far more laid back, but still ready to party and show you some skin.
This place is kind of interesting.  First of all, it's absolutely massive, with about four different "scenes" -- downstairs restaurant-y area, outdoor patio, upstairs lounge, rooftop patio -- and some convoluted back staircases that you use to get from one zone to the next.  Despite that, it still manages to get packed.  Getting a drink was a pain in the ass downstairs, and downright impossible upstairs. Additionally, there's an odd culture-clash vibe to The Park: when I was there, downstairs was white and fratty, upstairs was heavily Asian both in decor and in clientele.  I figured it had to do with the demographics of private parties that were there, but then I logged on here and saw that another Yelper had noticed the same thing. I went here for a party, and it literally took 20 minutes to actually find the group, and when we found them, it was so packed and loud that we could barely hear each other (which we thought wouldn't be the case in such a big, spread-out venue).  Additionally, some more friends of mine (guys) were planning to come to the party around 1 AM, but got bounced at the door because they were wearing sandals.  Puh-leeze.  This place is hardly velvet-ropey.
I went there once and my experience there was alrighttt. I never really understood the concept of a lounge/club. I think those are lame. You have your dance floor right smack in the middle of the tables/eating area. This business would've done better if it's JUST a restaurant. It's so awkward dancing while people are eating! Right when you walk in there's a huge crowd concentrated around the bar, it's like they're so afraid to disperse throughout the place? There's a second floor and I was told there would be a DJ at 12. Well, turns out he won't be showing up that night. Instead it was just a laid back area with people sitting around talking. Met decent people there. Which is cool, but you're gonna get disappointed if you came in with 4 inch heels and that hoochie dress thinking you're gonna pop it tonight. And for some reason, they blocked the entrance. I have NO idea for what. There's barely any people up there. There are some mature people floating around but the majority of the crowd are people who seems to be in the beginning phase of college who never partied before? If you like being pushed around while dancing, then come here. The lighting isn't dark enough for it to be a club. I don't see the DJ, though people kept telling me he's at that corner over there. and I'm thinking wtf is a DJ doing at a corner. Never saw him btw. And his mixes SUCK. They are SO lame!!! It was mostly rock music or something. I mean really? The flow isn't even well organized. The bartender's a bitch. It's in her eyes. If you're 21 and under, this is the place for you.
I went here with a few of my girl friends for drinks. We never made it up stairs to the club area, but we had a fantastic time with our cocktails! The seating area is beautiful and great for a large group. The Park also makes a mean dirty martini. Definitely a must do for a few drinks before going out on the town!
Bouncers think they're at a high-end night club. They are not.  Get over yourselves. It is a casual place that has potential with a cool space, but they need to recognize who they are and what kind of customers they want.   Drinks were so-so. Nothing fancy for usual NY prices.
Been here many times for drinks (after dinner service). Place is nice and big to allow lots of people, and lots of space. You get the choice of: - a typical grill/bar downstairs; - a restaurant area to sit and chat; - an outdoor area to relax or have a smoke; - another cozy bar area downstairs; and - an upstairs lounge for dancing/lounging (and it has a hot tub) Everytime I've been there, we didn't have any trouble or wait getting in and there's been no cover. Overall, one of the better places in Manhattan for nightlife. I'll have to try it for the food someday.. UPDATE: they have now become more strict and require a certain dress code and 1:1 guy:girl ratio to get in. Sometimes annoying, but still a cool place to hang out. On certain nights it can get WAY overcrowded (and hot) in the upper lounge though.. and sometimes I wish there was more of a mixed crowd. -1 star.
After our stroll on the High Line, my husband and I made our way down to The Park. We were immediately in love with the atmosphere - it was like sitting in an outdoor garden, whilst dining inside (I've since learned that particular dining area is appropriately called, ahem, "The Garden"). We shared the calamari, followed by individual wood oven pizzas and a pitcher of their house sangria. It was very romantic without breaking the bank.
Spacious and well appointed restaurant and bar.  Came here twice over our trip, and were impressed both times by the service and how continually packed it was.  Excellent bar service, great drinks, and reasonably priced.  Great place to pre-game before getting the evening started!
Yellow party! Hahahah (wait, is ok for me to say that hahaa). I don't mean that in a bad way. But the ratio here is mostly asians. Usually I prefer a lot more diversity but it was fine since I didnt have to pay to get in and they keep it going til late. Initially the music was atrocious. We were asking them when it would improve or change. And later in the night it was pretty good. I guess they expect you to be bored and drink in the very beginning. One tip I would say is DON'T COME EARLY. People basically come here later at night and if you come early no one will be here. Also the upstairs part where all the dancing is doesnt even open until late so if you come early you'll have nothing to do. Overall it was the typical night club I guess. Pricey drinks, coat check, the usual. Smack dab in the middle of A-Ok.
My Friday night. The Park? More like "The Suck"! If the venue didn't have a nice appeal to it, I would've given it negative stars. Nice venue with a lot of potential but they definitely need a new DJ. I don't mind the predominately Chinese/Korean crowd. Came here a little before 11:30PM. No cover? Awesome! Got in with my Vans? Awesome! Came inside and everyone was just lounging around. Turns out, the club portion upstairs doesn't open until 12AM. Once they got the music going, everyone jammed upstairs and literally, that's all they did. Again, nice upstairs patio and lounge but everyone kind of just stood around and filled up the dance floor. No one was really dancing. Maybe it was because of the DJ!! I sure hope he was the opening DJ and someone better was up after. Otherwise, homeboy needs to enroll his ass into MIXOLOGY 101 AND MUSIC SELECTION 101!! Thanks for playing some West Coast bangers but man, your shit was horrible! Girlfriend and I couldn't take it anymore after 40 minutes so we just left. I know I'm gonna enjoy my sleep more than your mixes. By the way, put another speaker outside on the patio and turn it up! I want to hear the bass hit. Oh yeah, $24 for 2 shots of Grey Goose? Last time I paid that much for Goose was in Vegas and the music was 100x better. And what's with the hot tub outside? Cool idea but c'mon, no water in it? No girls in it? What's it for? My first club experience in NY, FAILED!
This place is so unique! Bar, club, cafe, restaurant and park all in one! Everything about this place is good. Loved all the unique touch to this place. However, we had to be careful not to be pooped at. Yes! there are lots of birds flying around,..and p around... Tip: Stay away from sits under the trees.
Nice ambiance, but awfully bland food. My veggie burger was sawdusty and flavorless - it was coming apart and mushy. Everyone else's food was pretty bad as well. The waitress was nice, though!
It's alright... Probably a good place to meet up with a big group since they have a big open space... No cover and easy to get in is always a plus. I went to NYC with 5 of my friends from LA.  The 4 of us have friends in NYC so we decided to make The Park a meeting place for us all.  We ended up having around 40 people come out... We probably couldn't have done it without the big open space. Other then that, this place is whatever.  It's just a chill lounge with lots of seating.  I like the concept of having "a park" indoors though... its cute :)
Very pleased by the brunch menu here; good & tasty selections at reasonable prices. Our server Kyle was awesome! (and the fact that he seemed to be a server team of two and was working in his lumberjack plaid in the heat practically made him Super Man in my eyes). The A/C was the only drawback in this place: It was not cool enough in The Park; I had to literally fan myself the entire time I dined! Now I know how my mom feels when she's going through her hot-flashes!
The Park is elegant without being pretentious.  Trendy without being overly crowded.   This bar/nightclub is enormous.  There are numerous rooms with little nooks that you can actually have conversations in.  Some of the rooms have cozy fireplaces.  The larger room is the garden themed room.  There is also a dance floor on the top floor, but both times I have been here it felt more like a lounge feel than a dance floor. This is a great place to get together for a birthday celebration or just a night out with the girls!
Giant Swiss Chard Raviolo FTW! OK now for the quick summary: 4 stars because I'm playing it cautious.  My food was excellent, but the quality of 4/6 others is an unknown.  No major complaints though! The Good - Parking right across the street.  $14 for the entire night.  Cheapo depot! - Great service, no wait - Excellent entree (see below) - Cheesecake looked delicious The Not So Good, but Still Not Bad! - Margherita Pizza The Disappointing - Cookie Plate The Park was picked as the Friday night destination for a birthday party.  We drove into Manhattan a bit early and were looking for something to eat.  The pizza place around the corner wanted $28 for a 16" pie, so we decided to just try our luck at The Park. The interior is surprisingly large and spacious.  Our party of 6 was seated right away.  The service was very prompt and courteous, and the menu had a lot of options. For starters we had some olives, and there were a few caesar salads ordered.  Olives were good, salads were ? but looked fresh and crunchy and received no complaints. After a bit of back and forth I decided on the swiss chard raviolo.  I really have to give myself a pat on the back for that one, because it was phenomenal.  The dish came with one GIANT ravioli in the center of a bowl filled with white beans, then sprinkled with breadcrumbs. I also suspect that it was sprinkled with crack, because I'm thinking about those beans like an absolute FIEND!  They were quite possibly the best beans I've ever had. Now...I know what you're thinking...beans?!?  Is he seriously raving about BEANS???  Yes!  The swiss chard and cheese stuffed raviolo was very tasty.  I'd give that alone 4 stars, but the BEANS.  Oh my god the beans...857285 stars!  They were tender and creamy and totally jam packed with flavor.  They basically melted in my mouth and turned into a smoky, sweet, almost bacony goodness!  Although, I don't believe there was any bacon or pancetta in there, thus leading me to suspect the presence of the next most addictive substance...CRACK! So yes, the entire dish came together perfectly.  Not a single speck of food survived in my bowl. Now for the demerits... I tasted the margherita pizza and it was totally devoid of flavor.  Usually a sub par pizza is done in by a poorly seasoned sauce, and I think this was no exception.  But hey!  Maybe $28 will buy you good pizza around the corner at Artichoke Basille's. The cookie plate was an utter disappointment.  Honestly people, if you're going to offer a cookie plate on the dessert menu, how hard is it to make some freshly baked cookies?  If you really feel guilty about it, warn me that it's going to take about 10 minutes.  I DON'T CARE!  There's not a person on Earth who's going to balk at having to wait for soft, warm, chocolate chip (or maybe even oatmeal) cookies!  I might even order a glass of milk!  What I don't want to get is a plate with 5 pairs of little assorted shits that taste like they've been baked 3 days ago and left out on the table.  The portion was good for 2, but the quality was good for 0.  Skip the cookie plate.  I would like to absolve the waiter of any wrongdoing here, because I asked if they were baked to order and he said no.  I was warned.   I was jealous of my friend's wife who ordered the cheesecake because it looked quite tasty!
Its a restaurant, its a club.  Its enclosed but with a roof top.  There is smoking on the roof but no smoking on the inside.  There is essentially something for everyone here, except for claustrophobics as this place is insanely packed on the weekends.  Why is this?  First of all, there is no cover.  Secondly the music is pretty good depending on which floor / level one ends up on in the place. The decor is quite nice with an Asian inspired theme with an elegant touch.  The Chinese characters on the walls are written poorly revealing the (Chinese) illiterate interior designer who clearly has bad taste in calligraphy.  I've seen their eclectic Asian inspired menu and it sadly reminds me of Ruby Foo's.  The major difference being The Park has a DJ and way more people. As a nightlife venue, solid.  As a restaurant specializing in Asian fusion?  Not sure, but I'm going to lean toward utter failure.
A friend of mine lured me there as a surprise. Anyway, we sat in the garden, which was stunning.  I had a couple of drinks, the tuna tartar and a beet salad.  I meant to order the pizza to share with one of my friends, but we both thought the other was going to order it. No big deal.  I was simply happy to be where I was. I loved our waitress who was just  lovely.  We had more than one wait person because I think  one person was training.  Anyway, I loved the vibe, the food, and the service.   The environment was not oppressive, which I always appreciate.  You can tell that the people who work there are treated well. So, what more do you need? Good food, nice staff, fair prices (would have been cheap, actually, if I had not ordered liquor), and utterly gorgeous atmosphere.
I've been wanting to check out Park for a while and ended up here randomly one night while we were in the area.  I walked in and was immediately taken aback by two things:  the amazingly gorgeous decor and the complete lack of people inside.  Turns out there's like 8 different rooms spread out two different floors...most people were upstairs in a much less attractive area, and even still, it would still consider it pretty empty (maybe bc it was Memorial Day wknd?) The music was great but the speakers suck and I could easily make conversation with my friend without raising my voice at all.  T I can imagine this place being a lot more fun if it was crowded with some better speakers.  I like to dance and there's nothing more awkward than doing it in a quite-ish, well light environment with plenty of place for people to stare at you. Case in point, my friend and I stood and gawked at a group of girls who were being completely ridiculous and couldn't have been older than 20. I would definitely recommend Park for  laid back sort of night (think lounge not club).  Also, if you're in the area and can't get in at 1 Oak or whatever other ridiculously pretentious place, stop by because there was literally no line. Also,note that they scan IDs here, so you're friend's cousin's sister's expired ID def won't fly.
Came here around 11:30 on Friday night must say there's some talent at this place, but nobody seemed to stay long. This lounge perhaps will get better when the weather warms up who knows.
I came here once on my birthday without realizing that it was my birthday. Yeah i know, that sounded pretty stupid but its the truth. Anyhoo, the inside of this place looked pretty decent. There was a bar on the lower and upper level but both bars were JAMMED PACKED. There is a patio area with tables where you can smoke or at least I think you can smoke? well I did it anyway. The waiting service here is horrendous. The waitress will take your drink orders and come back 30 minutes later. And making your way to the bar to get a drink yourself is a workout. Verdict - Decent place to go to with a large group. The dance floor on the upper level is O. D crowded and it's like a microwave in there. This place has a lot of potential if they improve their beer selection, made their cocktails a little stronger, and provide better service to the people at the tables. To end on a good note, my waitress' nipples were showin :p
Review for nightclub scene only.. Maybe it deserves 3.5 stars.. idk. The crowd that frequents here kind of kills the potentially fun spot.. but like most things if you go with a group of good friends it can be a lot of fun, just not the place if you are looking to 'meet someone' I never am so I don't really mind. haha. Downstairs is well decorated. It's not bad upstairs either. Decent top 40 music. Not a lot of hassle to get in/ no cover makes it a good back up plan.. or a good place to go if you have more guys than girls in your group.
Touristy review:) I wish there were places like this in San Francisco!! I love all the different rooms- each uniquely their own. The more open room with the trees and vines was one of my favorite. If I lived in New York this would be my go to spot for a laid back night that has a cozy feel with dim lights everywhere.
For brunch only - love it.  great atmosphere,  garden area seating, food is solid.  nothing super impressive on the menu, but the basics are done well.  breakfast pizza is delish.  banana bread is delish times ten.
We visited The Park strictly for dinner and on a Sunday to boot.  So beyond that, I don't know anything about its bar vibe or its club vibe.  Well, that's not entirely true but I'll get to that later.   We strolled in with reservations for four and were seated promptly.  It was none too crowded.  On first blush, the space was well-done--big and airy, not the standard NYC shoe closet.  We were seated "outside;" actually it was a covered area, but the trees surrounding us made for a nice outdoor simulation.  The wait staff, though pretty to look at, was definitely off their game.  It took a some effort to wave them down to get drink orders in, but after that, it was fine. Surprisingly there were kids in the room with us.  I don't know why I found the presence of kids so surprising since this, after all, was a restaurant.  Maybe it's because I'd convinced myself this was more of a club with food; no matter since kids don't usually bother me.  Usually.  As is often the case with both Murphy and me, the particular child roaming the room was obviously not quite right in the cabeza AND had taken a liking to my friend's girlfriend's bright pink coat.  The child also had a preternatural ability to squirm his way out of his parents' grasp.  Mix in a few glasses of wine on the part of the friend's girlfriend's to this recipe and viola!  Instant, drooly, uncomfortable fun. But alas, I was occupied on my end of the table by the ever-growing Bears party being thrown in the back room.  Look, I'm about as homophobic as Cher's costume designer, but when the guy checking IDs decided to invoke his constitutional right to bare arms (as well as the rest of his hairy torso) by removing his shirt, Baloo and Company should've at least made sure the rest of us were done with our meals.  Yikes.   I look straight ahead and am greeted with a shirtless Grizzly Adams; I turn to the side and watch the spectacle of a grown woman attempting to negotiate personal space with a trisomy 21 whose parents have evidently given up on policing.  So I look down and face my food. I ordered the lamb shank, which was just okay.  It wasn't horrible, but I have had better.  The meat was tender and braised well, but the sauce could've used a little more herbage to freshen up the dish.  The orzo was nice, but it's kind of hard to jack up orzo.  My girlfriend's butternut squash soup was much better than my dish.  I also did like the bathroom. In all, beauty of a space. OK food. Middle-of-the road service.  But, oh, what a show you get with your dinner!  Three hairy, shirtless, mongoloid stars.
Went here yesterday for a company dinner. They have been closed by the city's health inspector. It would be so helpful if they put that information on the automated message on their phone. We could have avoided making the trip. We went next door to Artichoke Pizza instead.
Good place to dance, dance, dance, dance and dance and dance.... Also, outdoor smoking area where you don't have to leave the bldg.
I really like this place.  It's known for its roof, but its a great place for dinner.  Well priced, nice atmosphere, good hosts, good food, very accommodating.  EXCEPT mosquitoes!  My friends and I came away with at least 5 bites each.  They were everywhere!  I guess thats a draw back of an open restaurant.
Came here with my cousins for part of a Friday night out and had a really good time here. The thing I'm in love with the most here is the interior and atmosphere. The place is huge-- downstairs seemed to be a place to have a meal (haven't been here to eat yet but would like to try) or drink at the bar down there, upstairs for dancing and drinking. Great vibe, good service. Not sure what the other nights are like here, but I treat this spot as a good pregame (and recommend heading over to Avenue afterwards, which is right next to it).
All I know is...I had a great time here.  Sure the place is stuffed to the gills, but it's really spacious and there's an down & upstairs.  I really liked it upstairs because you were out in the open yet still half inside since it was covered.  The drinks were good, the music was good, and the people are pretty nice.  I mean I didn't see anyone getting huffy or giving anyone the stink eye just for bumping into them. I do want to comment on those crazy stairs though.  You go up one story but the stairs are broken down in two parts.  So while we were going walking up, some people were coming down and one of them needed a lot of assistance.  Yeah, they look pretty dangerous.  I can't imagine trying to get by after being a few sheets to the wind. All in all, I had a great time though, and when it got hot on the dance floor we just migrated further out to the open space upstairs were the air would blow on us every now and then.
Ok im being a little generous here and think this place probably deserves 3.5 maybe even 3 stars but I must admit, for manhattan its a good deal. While the rest of meatpacking grows ever more pretentious and snobby, the park is a rather chill spot. Perfect for a date or just a place to start a long nite with some dinner and drinks. The bar is rather trendy and appealing, while the dining areas are just classy enough while still maintaing a relaxed ambiance. The bathroom is the only glaring pitfall of this restaurant, it reminded me of the subway bathroom brawl scene in the Warriors. But unless you were considering trying to get the hucklebuck from a Chelsea methhead here, this shouldnt be a problem. Service was actually very good... the food was decent and the crowd rather eclectic.
First went here for brunch because of the decor.  I ordered the gnocchi which was delicious. This past weekend I went for a birthday. There is no trouble for anyone to get in (which helps with guys) and the no nonsense atmosphere allows you to lounge/drink/or dance in varied beautifully designed spacious rooms and rooftop. Not really for socializing with strangers, more like a great time with friends. Great place !! !
***** REVIEWING FOR PARTY, NOT FOR DINNER***** Ladies are FREE TO get in all the time. If you are a guy, Find a girl on the street and get in with them (get them a drink). 2 Floors: Main Floor, 2 bars, place to chill and to Smoke. 2 Floor always PACK, large place for dancing, one bar. Music is Great!, Hip Hop, Pop, always crowded and dark. Drinks: Expensive and small (recommend you to go drink somewhere else before  you come in. Crowd / Hook ups: 80 Percent asians. 20 percent mix crowd.
Julia This is a yelp for the overall restaurant/bar/lounge/rooftop.  It's an all in one spot.  What's good about this place is that you can have a late dinner and then head up to the roof top lounge.  Just make sure you time it right because the rooftop is not open until midnight.  Once you get up there, the crowd is predominantly asian and the bridge and tunnel crowd.  But you know, i don't mind and there are nights that I truly enjoy myself and nights that I'm bored to death.  SO really, hit or miss for me but def worth a try. There's a bar area up front and the scene is not bad, drinks are decent but it'll cost you like any spot in nyc.  The door policy in effect on weekends and it's not too strict.  I've been able to get in past the bouncer as a dude no problem.  Of course i look right and don't wear sneaks and a cap or anything... Now to the all important feature... Food.  First thing is that i enjoy the main room better than the garden.  Try to get a booth is it's a party of 2 to a party of 6.  The garden has flimsy seats and tables that are way too small to fit the dishes that I'm going to order.  But on a nice sunny day for brunch, the garden is the better choice. My must have for this place is the chorizo and mussels in broth.  Get extra bread and dip away.  This is their one great dish.  All other items on the menu pales in comparison.  Mushroom fries are ok (just weird to have them so fried), bruschetta is ok, calamari is ok, crab cakes are ok...    To me, all the apps are just ok except the chorizo and mussels.... Dinner is usually the steak frites which are ok (actually below average as i ordered it medium and it was not even pink and pretty dry).  I've had the salmon before and it's ok.  They serve pizzas which are ok.  i don't recommend the mushroom burger as it was soggy the last time i had it.   The place is def setup nice and I appreciate that especially if you want to hang around as a group or as a couple after dinner.  The service hasn't always been the best for me here.  the bus boys are excellent, but the waiters always seem too busy.
Why isn't this place WAY more popular than it is? This Park is quickly becoming one of my favorite places for brunch and late night drinks.  I am determined to drink in every space they have (the Atrium, Red Room, and Penthouse look GORGEOUS) but so far always seem to get sat in the Main Room and Garden which is gorgeous all lit up and night.  If you're having drinks try the Pretty Kitty or the Highline cocktail!  Service can be a little slow, but always friendly. BE AWARE: at 10:00pm they switch from restaurant and go more into Bar/Lounge mode and won't let anyone in w/o ID --- even if you have dinner reservations!  Still love it tho.  :)
4 stars. This place is huge. It has multiple bars and is a restaurant too. The rooms are all themed which makes for a cool atmosphere. One room has a big fireplace. The upstairs opens around 11 and has a type club atmosphere. I believe you can even go outside upstairs.
Came here a few months ago for brunch and was disappointed with the service and food.  While other waiters brought bread and water to other tables, we had to ask for bread from our waitress.  I got the pulled pork with poached eggs and sweet potato hash.  The pulled pork was big chunks of pork and not really pulled pork.  We got the check and the waitress did not come back to take our card for a long time.  A manager ended up taking the bill and my boyfriend's credit card.  We thought he would bring it back, but he gave it to our waitress to process.  We saw our waitress bring my boyfriend's credit card to another table and it took her a while to realize that she had the wrong table.  A little while later, we got the credit card back.  Not sure if she accidentally put the other table's bill on my boyfriend's credit card and then cancel the transaction.  There would have been a real issue if she actually gave my boyfriend's credit card to someone at the table and they took it, but that situation should've never occurred if the waitress was actually paying attention to what she was doing!!!!
I've been to this place 5+ times and I like it. There is no cover which is always nice. I've had dinner here and food was delicious and service/ambiance was excellent. Drinks taste good and are creative. If you come here just for drinks/upstairs it's good, but gets ridiculously crowded upstairs. Like so crowded you can't dance or move and feel like people are on top of you (why I took off 2 stars). Just something to keep in mind.
Beautiful space, mediocre food, bad service. I was disappointed to have a bad experience here since the ambiance and decor are stunning. I especially loved the outdoor patio and all of the hanging lights. However, came here with a large group of friends who all agreed the food was forgettable and overpriced. I asked the waitress (on the few occasions that I actually saw here) for some condiments to add to my bland burger and they never came. She also never brought bread for the table or checked in on us. We saw her about twice the whole night! I ended up paying over fifty dollars for a few glasses of Sangria and a burger. Would give the place another try for drinks only...
Great location, and the indoor/outdoor seating atrium was nothing like what we've seen before. The interior was definitely memorable for us, but the food was so-so. The menu was brief yet broad, and I loved that I was able to order pancakes for a late Saturday lunch. The servers seemed scattered, but then again, the place was mostly busy. With so many other wonderful dining experiences in the area, not sure if we'd come back to this, but if you happen to come into this place at the last minute, I don't think you'll be too disappointed. Just don't expect to be blown away.
Trees strung with lights, two spacious floors for dancing, a cozy area for sitting/chatting/whoknowswhat and no cover? Welcome to The Park. The drinks aren't very good but the atmosphere more than makes up for that. Each level plays different music and the crowd varies, too. It's within walking distance to Hiro Ballroom and adjacent to a few other clubs, so it could serve as a first stop or final destination. The Park is usually crowded but the peak is probably around 12:30-2. I've been around 4am and things got a little weird. I like coming here during the winter because it's SO WARM. The seating area upstairs is heated and there are plenty of sofas and chairs to rest your weary feet.
It's nice that they have a ton of tables in different settings, but they should really hire more waitstaff. Must have waited 30 minutes to even get a drink menu. Also, the DJ upstairs changes songs too quickly. And he cut off Don't Stop Believing before the chorus, which is absolutely evil. Bitching aside, I like this place. Not paying cover is cool, the interior is visually appealing, it's spacious, good looking crowd, not too pretentious, and the DJ plays decent music (Bonus points for Bell Biv Devoe and Lumidee, large minus for the aforementioned Journey-ending). Some constructive criticism for the owners of Park if they read their own Yelp reviews: * Hire more servers. If you need to, start charging a small cover. I'd be wiling to pay $5 if I get a drink at a table in under an hour. * Get better speakers for the upstairs. That shit's got no bass at all. * Tell the bartenders not to card. It's a waste of time if you already card at the door. * Tell the DJ to let the songs ride out before switching. And don't cut off Journey. Srriously.
Dont get your hopes up. This is a good place to hangout but its definately not awesome. The service is ok. The food is mediocre at best and it took about 45 min to get it. There werent even that many ppl dining. I like the ambiance.  I like the trees and the atmosphere. The penthouse is pretty cool and gets really crowded early (where I'm from, thats a good thing). Many people have complained about too many Asians but the night I went had a lot of different people. Not many blacks as myself but It wasnt uncomfortable. I felt very at ease. All in all, It was cool, I am happy I tried it but I probably wont be going back there again.
I've been to this place twice. It has nice music, vibes and decor but if you are looking for a good drink this place does not provide that....
There's no cover. The place is huge and can accomodate an impressive amount of people. With several bars, rooms, and floors, there are plenty of places to sit down, get intimate with someone, and have a rollicking good time. Like many clubs, the bouncers will give guys a hard time getting in if they're solo. I had a guy friend join us late and he called me to help escort him in. I asked a girlfriend to help bring him in. Once we were inside, we went to a bar to get drinks (which took forever since it was crowded and the bartenders were overworked) and the bartender didn't know how to make anything we wanted (while I can't fault anyone for not knowing how to make a duck fart or a dirty girl scout, they should at least know how to make a buttery nipple!). Moving to another bar in the next room was even worse - she was grumpy and unhelpful. We ended up getting kamikazes twice and other strange shots, but I had to provide recipes to the bartenders... Make sure you set up a meeting place as a rallying point - it's easy to lose track of friends in there!
Please save your money and do NOT go the The Park! At least, don't go if you're looking for actual food. Everything is soo overpriced, and the portions are unbelievably small. You know those TV commercials where the patron gets an entree that can fit into your palm? Yeah, that's The Park. It was my friend's birthday, and we were looking for a trendy place to celebrate, so one of us picked this place. The decor is nice - your standard hip restaurant in Manhattan. But the food? Almost everyone ordered the ravioli or crab cakes. What did they get? 5 raviolis, or 5 crab cakes, each the size of a silver dollar. How much did it cost? TOO MUCH!!! I ordered the ribs with mashed potatoes. Now, when you see "ribs," you assume more than one rib, right? Not here! They gave me ONE rib on a spoonful of mashed potatoes. My friends were digging into my mashed potatoes as well because their "entrees" just weren't enough. We decided to forgo the expensive desserts and walk around to find some real food. The pastries we ate at some little bakery - way more filling than anything served at The Park. So, if you value your money, or actually like to eat, don't go here.
Yes it is spacious. Yes the decor is lovely. No it doesn't make up for the horrible service I experienced here. We started at one of the bars downstairs.  The drinks were good but expensive, but we all expected that. What we did not expect was when we were upstairs in the indoor/outdoor dance area. We were standing around chatting when we see this bus boy pull aside one of their security personel? and pointed at us. Next thing I know this security guy comes up to us and is acusing us of bringing in outside drinks, and saying that we were not allowed to leave until he searched through all of our things. Me being the only girl, so the only one with a bag, he insisted on pawing through it. After he touched EVERYTHING in my bag and was unable to find anything he said nothing and simply walked away. We all stood there shocked, unable to believe what just happened. We waited for him to come back, but after waiting for 15 min we had decided we had wasted enough time there.  There was no sorry for misunderstanding, for the mistake.  There was nothing! So while I really loved the interior and all the space there, I will not be back.
Went there for brunch and had the ricotta pancakes and the frittata. Frittata was fantastic. Pancakes tasted like...PANCAKES! My thought is if you screw up breakfast food you're probably not a good restaurant. Cheesy decor but quaint all the same. I liked it.
Wow! I really really enjoyed my time here. I'm so glad I left Hiro and wandered this way. Lol. This club had some really good looking people, but everyone here was classy and really down to earth. Nothing like the people at clubs in my town. I had a really awesome night and the people here were so fun! The music was really good and the decor was pretty nice. I had a blast the whole time. Am I coming back? Most Definitely!
I've lowered my rating since my 2nd experience started off HORRIBLE and do hope the restaurant takes this review serious! For starters I was running no more than 5 mins late and called to let them know and when I had gotten there we were told it'd be a while, then seated withing a few mins. While waiting for service I checked emails and had noticed that the restaurant had cancelled my reservation via opentable hello I'm here I called to let you know I was running late that was it. I've listed the problems: 1) Had waitress in training [no biggie we're patient] 2) Asked for spoon 7 times and never got 3) Couldn't get water or coffee refills by anyone and when we asked no    one cared to help 4) When we finished we'd asked for the bill from our server, food server,     bus boy & other servers and never got. When we got up the food server     said thank you come again. Really we haven't even paid? We could     had left the restaurant and gotten away with it but we couldn't do it!     When we walked out I spotted the manager and told him we had waited     over 40 mins for ANYONE to take our money and no one would. Food wasn't as good as the last time and I found the hostess to be the most rudest girls I've ever come across and seriously hope they can fix their management style. Good luck
Park has always been my favorite go-to place for good music and fun people. They have a nice lounge/bar area when you walk in with large tables in the indoor garden for groups.  Also smaller tables for a more intimate setting.  Drinks are reasonably priced in the $10 range.   The upstairs area opens at midnight on the weekends -- there's a dance floor, outdoor patio/dance floor, couches and tables, and a bar. The crowd is pretty diverse so you don't feel like you're going to an ethnic club.  The DJs always play good music, something I can always dance and move my body to.  Around 3am they switch to 80's music to wind the crowd down. Coat check and restrooms are located on the lower level.  No admission necessary to enter and you're bound to have fun.  ;)
the place was very nice, the only upsetting thing about this place was the boring music that they have. Basically they play the same songs on the radio. Went here with a few friends for my best friends birthday and end up getting kicked out because some guy wanted to throw a tissue at one of my girls so she went crazy. Felt like it was totally unfair that they kicked us out but not the other people. lol
The Park is another Asian nightclub/lounge.  However, the dance floor is smaller in the upstairs area.  The decor is nicely decorated with an Asian flair.  Disappointedly there is no bamboo decorations or Asian music to make it more authentic.  Women does not have to work so hard to entice men as the male patrons are quite good looking.  This night club/lounge is quite large.  It has about two levels of space where patrons can mingle or dance the night away.  The main stairs to the second level is a bit scary if one is not careful.  There are no stupid gymnasts dangling on cloth ropes, which do not intrigue my interest. There is no admission charge for a Saturday night.  It is a lot easier for admittance without being on the guest list.  I like The Park a lot.  N.B.  All patrons must have a valid photo ID for admittance of 21 years old.
I wanted to show my friend the high line but when we saw an entrance going up we decided to eat instead. This was right across the street and immediately we were intrigued to try it.  It looked really cool with half the restaurant  outside with a garden so we decided to eat out there since it was a nice day.  We were served bread with olive oil which was really good! Then we had a turkey burger with calamari both of which was delicious. So the food was no issue.   But the waiters were always busy and it took awhile to get her attention for more water. Also since it was outside a bird pooped on our table and my friend's head! The bathroom was downstairs and it was so creepy. Overall, the food was great and the place is cool but next time I think we would eat inside!
Negatives first then I'll pad the rest.. When you have to find a waiter/server it's a bad start. Outdoors or garden set up are great especially on Summer days. However, when you have trees and other plants then you need some sort of umbrella to keep leaves out of your drinks. Just sayin. Specials are good and it's a great way to shake up the menu with seasonal goodies. Rosemary french fries are a treat so if they offer fries with your choice take it because you won't regret it. Once you find a waiter they are attentive and follow up with you. There are choices of meats and other dishes. Take advantage of the salads, and the sandwiches because they use good bread and cheeses and that sometimes is overlooked when you eat out.   Chelsea has a lot to offer but I would go back to The Park next time I'm planning for a lunch. I will not be attending any dance events so read on if you were looking for disco reviews.
Fancy shmancy and lovely. This place is huge inside, with beautiful decor, a fire place, expansive outdoor seating, etc. While it's all the way out on 10th, it's worth a trip. Whether with clients, a hot date or after work friends who like a little something nicer than ye ol' pub, this is a great spot for clever cuisine and cocktails. Try the wood-oven pizza or the fried calamari. The fries were even delicious! Once it gets warmer, that outside will be packed. Most definitely.
Spacious lounge meats B&T Unfortunately this place has not improved over the years.  Lovely to look at but unless you're bringing an outstanding group of people to hang with all night you may be a little disappointed.   Decent drinks, love the outdoorsy feel, several floors to work with, difficult getting upstairs when crowded (fire hazard). Date Rating: 5 Pick up Scale: 5 Strong Suggestions: Avoid weekends if you can.
Food review (not nightlife). I took my cousins to brunch here last Sunday.  I've been here many times in the past several years, and it is reliable.  It was a great experience - wait staff are cool, food is reasonably priced, and is standard NYC brunch fare.  Translation - delish!  Where better than NYC for brunch?!  If you want a celeb chef, go to one of the places where you have to wait on line for two hours, but in the meantime I'll be having a great cup of coffee, eating a fab breakfast pizza, and not starving on a Sunday morning.  Plus, it's so great to be able to walk off your meal by crossing the street and heading up to the High Line. Last, but by no means least is the beautiful, faded glory, surroundings.  I love the design, and the vibe.  Always have. Maybe I'll come out dancing some time.
What a cool place. Menu was somewhat small. But my steak/frit was great I would recommend this
Wow, I didnt know this place existed until I was there last night. It's totally cool. It's not just a bar, but its a restaurant. I love the fact that you can sit outside and not be stifled by the usual bar scene. I love the atmosphere and you can do any number of things from having dinner and or drinks or just partying it up. I will be back.
The restaurant: The first time I went there with a group of friends, we encountered a grumpy waitress who seated us at a cold table without a heater (it was around 25 degrees and we were at the "enclosed" outdoors area). There were plenty of other tables available and for hours remained empty. The other waitors were amicable, so they made up for her. Do NOT, I repeat, DO NOT get the small plates, unless you want to pay a dollar less than the large plates for 4 pieces of shrimp. Even the large plates were not that good. The bar(s): There are many bar/lounge areas in the Park, which is very nice. You can switch it up and party somewhere else in the same restaurant. Oh, and they give free water! The dance floor area: They have a hot tub which nobody ever goes into because who knows who or what has been in there... Large dance floor, lots of Asians! Plays mostly Hip-hop. Lots of sitting area. They only open after 11PM-ish though. I've been there about three times, which is saying a LOT for me because I tend to get bored easily. My advice: go for the dancing, not for the food.
The corner of 17th St. and 10th Ave. always struck me as a bizarre microcosm of NYC nightlife. Around the corner on 17th you have 1Oak, which I've always been curious about but have never even attempted to get into, because I'm not leggy, blonde and named "Gisele." Then you have Earth, which is perpetually stopping a decent-sized crowd at the door attempting to get in, consisting of 1Oak spillover and groups of average partygoers. Then finally you have Park, which is probably the most democratic of the 3, and my personal pick (you're reading this review aren't you?). There's no cover ever at Park and I've rarely seen a long line. This is not because no one comes here, rather that they can afford to let in pretty much everyone thanks to how freakin' huge the place is. Varying amounts of difficulty for the menfolk depending on how crowded it is inside, sometimes the bouncer will check you for not bringing women with you. And wear actual shoes to save yourself the hassle, smart guy. The first floor is equipped with two bars and is laid out in 3 ginormous chambers: a front bar/lounge, another in the back, and a semi-uncovered garden/terrace to the side. The second floor is another bar with some seating space and a rooftop dance floor. Niiice. In spite of how much square footage this place offers it usually gets pretty packed up; no cover, radio-friendly club bangers and enough room to boogie tends to draw the latest and greatest of the post-college young-pro fresh-to-NYC masses. The crowd tends to be mixed with a pronounced lean toward the Asian persuasion, particularly on the dance floor upstairs. Pro-tip: with the level of crowding the bar on the second level tends to take forever, while the downstairs bar empties out later on and you can get drinks in a flash. Would recommend you open any bar tabs there. $30 minimum on plastic and the drinks are $10-12.
The Park has always been a reliable brunch place... however, yesterday altered my opinion somewhat. I was with a group of people, and my friend ordered a side of toast for her son. When it arrived, we discovered the toast had egg on it -- as if it'd just been taken off someone else's plate! The manager came over and gave some lame excuse as to how this couldn't possibly have happened, and neither offered an apology nor offered to replace the toast. Seriously, it was a 50 cent side order of toast. He definitely could've handled it better, and just apologized rather than making something up!
The food was Delicious!  Atmosphere was great too and the price was fair.  I highly recommend!
Can everyone spell D R A M A?  Let's try that again, drama? If you don't know how to spell it, get in line at the Park, and you'll quickly remember.  I've always been a little disappointed by this place, everytime I go.  For some reason they like to make you feel like second class citizens waiting in line at the door of a not-even-club club/resto lounge.  That's drama.  There's less drama at Le Bain!  Seriously. And what that kinda drama filters out is good people.  The only people who will make it inside are the ones who enjoy this specious VIP treatment.  Hey if it gets you off to feel like a rockstar when you're just a regular Chelsea going shmo, more power too ya. Anyway, not my scene.
My friend described The Park well, "Oh that is the place where I celebrated about 20 people's 21st birthday."  It has a giant bar and a huge bio-dome room that was interesting.  The food was good.  I heard this was THE place in a prior life.  There was an exclusive upstairs with a hot tub.  (The hot tub is gone now. They run weddings up there.)   Oh yea, we saw a mouse as we wrapped up our meal.  To be fair, there was a big pile of parmesan cheese on the ground.
3.5 I went there last night on NYE. It is a great place to be at. I loved the atmosphere. I loved the abundance of space. Music was great. I didn't try the food. There are a total of 3 bars!! A nice garden with couches and tables. 2 dance floors. And a lot more!! Con: Drinks are a overpriced.
Great place for hang outs!! I loved their service and a drink. I haven't gotten a chance to try their food yet. Next time!
Went here for brunch with a group of girlfriends and we all loved it. The ambiance of being outside but inside was fantastic. The food was really tasty! The breakfast pizza was really fantastic. The service was pretty slow, but we didn't mind since we were all chatting and visiting. Overall, great place for a pretty atmosphere.
I have two different reviews for this place but first I am going to review the overall atmosphere. I love it. I like that the setting is a park and it is very well put together. The scenery is pretty and I believe tranquil (if you have the time to appreciate it that is or even the space). 1) Restaurant - been here a few times for dinner/late dinner for birthdays, gatherings, etc. and I have to say I liked the service and food and always had a great time. The food is considered to be New American and I believe the prices are reasonable for the drinks too. I like the Sexy Bitch hehe. 2) The Lounge/Club - the pros is that there is no cover and the second floor does have a nice setting especially the part that is semi-outside on a balcony like setting. But the lines are really long and to prevent a sausage fest they let all the girls go in and leave a block long line of guys and slowly let them enter one by one over a stretched period of time. The upstairs becomes so packed that it becomes a mission to get to the bar.
Ambience is super nice here, but that's about it. I came here with a large group recently for a friend's birthday, not only did we have to wait almost an hour for our food, but it wasn't even that good. The service was fine, although it seemed like our server would forget about us from time to time, but it wasn't her fault our food was late. Yellowfish tuna tartar was decent, but I really didn't like the pesto and ricotta cheese pizza. Felt like I was eating bread and cheese with a little bit of pesto.
Nice atmosphere, really friendly waitstaff somewhat delayed service due to several large groups seated during our visit.  Food exceeded  our collective  expectations and prices were more than reasonable. I would definitely eat there again.
I'm sorry to say that this place has gone downhill slowly but surely. On the positive side, the ambience is absolutely beautiful. The garden is a pleasant change from most Manhattan establishments. It also happens to be one of the only quiet restaurants in the whole damn city! It's great to be able to talk to people you're with without yelling. Unfortunately that's the best I can say about The Park. I've been going here for years and it's declined in quality and service. The food is now bland, lackluster and simply not well thought out. Even simple things that I've ordered in the past- like artichoke dip- is now some bland puréed mess. If you really want to have a laugh, order the crab cakes. Crab Cakes? If the three tiny marbles of deep fried shredded crab on the plate weren't so ridiculous that I had to laugh, I'd actually be pissed. The pastas were bland. The pizza was doughy. And the service... Ugh. The waiters are just plain snotty. Can't get plates cleared off the tiny tables ever (I finally had to put a dirty plate on the floor). We got to order drinks and appetizers fairly quickly, but it took 45 minutes after appetizers arrived to be able to order our entrees and more drinks. And even then we had to actually call out and wave our arms around for quite some time to get our waiter's attention. One last thing- I love the garden atmosphere but I don't love bird poop on the menus and on the table. It's sad really. I hope this place can turn itself around.
I showed up here for a friend's birthday party. The party was great. The people were great. The service was great. So why the ONE star? One word. "cockroaches". Happy HUGE cockroaches on the wall. walking up and down the wall like they owned the place. In the bushes, up and down the vines, on the BENCHES! oh my god.. I'm getting sick just thinking about it again... Just to put it in perspective, we had a party of about 15 people there. at one point, the ENTIRE party was standing in the tiny little space between our tables and other people's tables so as to avoid the cockroaches. Slapping the cockroaches with whatever it was we could find, menus, notebooks, ANYTHING. But here's the best part of the whole thing... when I asked the wait staff what's the deal with the cockroaches.. the reply was... "you know, we have the doors open, and it's new york city, they just walk right in." How about an exterminator? or RAID or something... And those buggers were FAST too... it got to the point that I WISHED that the infection-carrying six-legged freaks WERE on the wall... that way I could see where they were. The candle-lit atmosphere was definately NOT romantic under the circumstance. And you know, where there is 1 or 2 cockroaches, there are 10,000. I really did have a great time at the party, and love my friends very much, but have no love for "The Park".
This is a lovely looking place, no doubt about it! The interior does indeed make the place worth visiting and it's a great way of feeling like you're outdoors during the depths of winter. I went for dinner with friends on a Friday evening and it was fairly busy, although they were able to seat 8 of us without a problem despite no reservation. The food was fine, it was more than edible and relatively cheap. The sangria was great...normally I wouldn't even bother with it if the place isn't Spanish but a friend enjoyed it and I joined her for a second and third glass, it isn't too sweet which is how it should be. In practice this means that for less than $40 you can have decent food, drink and a beautiful venue. Perfect start to a night before moving on...
There were pro's and con's at The Park. Overall, it was ok. You'll definitely have to go with a Fun Party to have a great time. PRO's: great ambiance and decor..Great for group settings..although I thought it was a bit odd that it had Asian inspired decor but the food was full on American cuisine. The restaurant itself, including the indoor and outdoor patio garden was very spacious. It's a restaurant turn lounge (downstairs).. turn club (upstairs). The "club" upstairs was not much of a club. It was more of an outdoor/rooftop lounge. Overall, if you want to lounge, have few drinks in NYC that won't cost you and arm and a leg, The Park may be a good pre-party spot, but not if you are looking to party all night.
Pros: Large venue, no trouble getting in, no cover, trendy decor. Cons: creepy male clientele, inconsistent DJs I don't understand how this place is so large. I've never seen a larger restaurant/club venue in NYC. I enjoy coming here to dance with my friends, but wouldn't come here if it weren't for the company. There are major creepers here ladies, so beware! Also, sometimes the music is really wack, depending on who is DJing that night. You should have no trouble getting in unless you make a complete fool of yourself. Example A of how NOT to act when you're at a club: One night as my friends and I were waiting in line, an ambulance and firetruck pulled up next to the club and security escorted a drunken victim out. This poor fool was vomiting on himself as the firemen lifted him up by the arms. I'm sure it was a long night / next day for him, especially after he was issued the ambulance bill. True story.
The servers, and managers at this restaurant are completely incompetent. If the staff at this restaurant actually seemed to care about a party having a terrible experience, it may mask the fact that the food is terrible. In short, server was rude and not knowledgable. Management (Tighe) apologized, and offered a round of drinks. Management took 30 minutes to get drinks to table, CHARGED for the drinks and then argued that he never said he'd get us drinks. Our request for the GM (Jenny) was never honored. All of that, and terrible, cold, under-cooked stale food. Cookshop is right around the corner, go there instead.
NEVER AGAIN. Sangria with 1/4 red wine and 3/4 sprite?? really?? 32$. OMG screwed up!! they need a new bartender. Also, the food was horrible. A pizza with so much fat, BAsic burgers was horrible too. The wait staffs as bad as the food. If i could give 2 stars will be for the clean bathrooms. Waited 45 mins for our check. STUPID
Came here one night when it was gay night. they didn't card that night either. the decor is really nice. i also like that you can smoke upstairs where the bar is when it turns into a lounge because it looks like an actual park. Also if you come early you can stay when it becomes a club. this place is really chill & i really like it however if you come late and your underage the bouncers there are pretty strict so be prepared to be denied if you don't have proper i.d.
I recently organized a work happy hour and a colleague suggested this place for drinks. Initially, I was skeptical of this place since it is in the Meatpacking area and the few times that I ventured in this area, it only left a sour taste in my mouth. But, of course, the motto is, do everything once in your life and sometimes, things will surprise you! This place is great when the weather is nice. And I couldn't have asked for better weather to hold a Spring happy hour. Initially, we sat at the bar and sipped on some cocktails. The bar was decent-sized and the bartender (very cute) was attentive and made a nice gin drink for me. I didn't really care for the price, but then again, you are paying their rent! When more people showed up, we were moved to the outdoor area. It was a beautiful garden with lush trees and greenery everywhere and we got the best seats in the house. There is a cocktail area with beautiful couches which opens to the sky, perfect! We ordered a few more cocktails, I had a spicy drink (can't recall the name), and it was delicious with a nice kick! The waitress was a bit ditzy and forgot glasses for the beer, but oh well. I would've just drank the beer out of the bottle. Drinking Duvel from the bottle takes guts! The place wasn't crowded at all and it felt so spacious. Really? Was I in New York? I wonder what this place is like on a Friday or Saturday night. Probably not as nice as during the week. I guess I'll have to come back and find out!
So, I have been to the Park a handful of times. Sometimes really great and sometimes just ok.  The space is wonderful.  I love the fireplace right in front of the first bar area (I think it's currently under construction). I like sitting at the bar and having a good meal.  I like getting my groove on in the back room, on the occasional night I feel like coming here after work. The times it has been just ok for me unfortunately, I hate to say it, is because of the crowd. Almost every single time I have been to the Park, I have sat next to or been at the bar next people trying to get things for free!! Listen, I understand this economy is tough, but if you don't have the freakin money to order drinks in a Chelsea bar (ie more expensive than a regular one) or don't have the money to tip, please, Don't Go Out! Saturday was no different. I was with a few of my girlfriends, and there was a table next to us that was really just unhappy from the moment they walked in. They complained about their server, they complained about their food, they asked for management, etc, etc. When a manager came  over, he was hanging with them, chatting em up, asked them if they wanted their server changed out, he actually spent some time with them to make sure they didn't leave unhappy. He gave them his card and said next time they come in, he'll make sure they get taken care of. Instead, I find that they used his card to bad mouth him on Yelp... Well, they ordered a round of drinks from him and expected it to be comped. Long story short, it eventually was... Every single time I have been here, Tighe (the manager) has been by my table or the bar to make sure things have gone well and to make sure I was happy.  He's a great manager and genuinely cares that people have a fabulous time. Keep it up and thanks for everything!
I go here quite often and never had a bad dining or cocktail experience. The ambiance is great and the outdoor heaters allow me to bring clients and friends all year round.
I went here twice in the last week. The first time it was good music, well-dressed crowd, amazingly light oriental decor and good drinks. But by 3am, we were among the very last few in the house, wish the party lasted longer. The second time I went there for the ambience, the open terrace/balcony, reassurance of the dancing crowd, but the music wasn't very good. The DJ ruined all the songs, stripped them down to a few of his favorite beats that he ran all night long. I could go back but I'd wish for something more.
I came here twice, once for a friend's coworker's party and another time with some old friends. It's a pretty nice looking place with lots of room with different dance floors, bars, and even an outdoor lounge/patio area.  It was kind of cold at the time, but they have heating lamps so people were able to stand outside. And with good reason too. The upstairs has some bad ventilation or something because people were passing gas right inside in that upstairs area before you reach the open outdoors patio area and it was really putting a damper on the night. My friends and I ended up going downstairs to get some air/escape from the smell. The crowd is relatively young and well, drunk. I don't really remember the music which could be a good or bad thing. Probably top 40s. That's the kind of vibe it gave off anyway. Most people were dressed casually but I remember the first time I went there were girls in cocktail dresses and both times there were guys in suits and ties. I didn't really enjoy the other people to be honest, but I did have a good time with my friends. Drinks were kind of priced as expected from NYC, but could have been cheaper. Running at about $6-8 per drink. I didn't try the food here and probably won't.
I went here on a Saturday night with a group of friends for a birthday. The place is pretty big. When you walk in, you're met by the bar on the left and some leather couches and seating on the right. If you head around the bar into another area, there's a huge seating area with tables for dinner. Didn't eat, so can't rate the food or service. The decor is very appealing, with a huge wall made of rock, paper lanterns hanging from the high ceilings, and indoor trees lit up with white lights. The lighting is just right for a sexy vibe. The hike up to the second floor in 4-inch heels isn't very lady friendly, but it's worth it. Up there you'll find a second bar (maybe a third if I remember correctly), music pumping, and bodies moving. It's an indoor/outdoor area on the second floor with open glass doors that allow for easy exit & entry. On the rooftop you CAN smoke ciggs (at least when I was there). The atmosphere was great because I was able to enjoy the view, listen to music, dance, and lounge on the comfy couches & ottomans they had outside. However, it was kinda crowded, so it was tough to find seating after my feet started killing me. But you can go back downstairs to rest your feet and hang out at one of the many tables that are unoccupied. People around me were still ordering snacks (i.e. fries) late night, but if I do remember correctly, they were kind of pricey. I can't comment on the drinks too much because I only had bottled beer and a few patron shots all night. Typical prices. The restrooms are also downstairs which kinda sucks. Going up and down, up and down all night, drunk in 4-inch heels is not my favorite thing to do, but if you're with the right girlfriends who've got your back, it's worth it. Been to The Park twice and I would go back in the future. Wouldn't be my first choice, but if some friends wanted to go, I wouldn't object.
This is one place I would NEVER give a second chance. Seriously, if you ever take someone's advice, do NOT come here for food (or really anything). I've never been here as a club and can't say anything in regards to that, but here's the experience we had: 1. The waiter takes over 30 minutes to get to our table and just says "Order." Doesn't ask if we'd like drinks, appetizers, introduce himself, give us water, anything. He then proceeds to stumble through getting our orders (nothing complicated, but he did argue with one guy trying to order the grilled cheese "appetizer" aka sandwich as his entree. Not sure what that was about.). 2. They bring out the calamari appetizer, which was very chewy and extremely thickly breaded. Not good, and I am a huge calamari fan. I've never had so many people turn down a second piece of something fried before. 3. Our entrees come out 2 hours after we've sat down (mind you, I was the only one who ordered an appetizer, and there were literally 3 other tables in the entire gigantic room), and they were all mediocre. The food was not worth going into detail about whatsoever. No one got food poisoning, but no one was especially pleased. It was edible. 4. This entire time, people who weren't our waiter have been coming over with our stuff (i.e. drinks, my appetizer, and our entrees). Finally, about 30 seconds after someone else brings the entrees, this guy (waiter) comes over and asks how everything is. We say we don't know yet, and I kid you not, verbatum, he says: "Alright, I'll come back and check on you in a minute then. Actually, I won't." And proceeds to do just that. Literally stands around, or walked by our table without making eye contact to talk to other waiters and return to his post by the register. 5. We finish our entrees in about 15 minutes. After 10 minutes of no one coming around, we all start putting our breadplates and silverware onto our main course dishes to further signal that we were done and ready to either be cleared off or offered dessert, more drinks, or just our check. After 30 more minutes, we finally are able to flag someone down to get the check. This entire time the waiter was staring at us from the register, and when one of us would make eye contact he'd look away. 6. We finally get him to bring the check and his excuse was that he was "busy." I was in the restaurant business and served for about 2 years, and I know when it's busy and when to cut the waiter slack. This guy was doing absolutely nothing. Any way, one of my friends wants to pay for just his portion of the meal and asks the guy if we can split his off. This guy says that he isn't allowed to give change and that my friend would have to walk to the bar or another store and GET IT HIMSELF. This is not a joke. 7. Eventually, about 20 minutes later, we finally get him to run the credit card for the amount minus my friend's meal. I know I missed some other ridiculous elements of this guy's service, but this post is long enough. You can imagine how this person's rudeness and incompitance was reflected in his tip. I would like to note that since dining here, I have heard that The Park does not appreciate business from the African-American community, and that's the only reason I can see why we got such horrible service. I feel sorry for the staff here if they really practice this. Our group was all dressed in business attire, expecting a nice meal, and willing to pay for it. My advice to any one going here is to keep that fact in mind if you're a minority, and if you still decide to go, expect horrible service. Aside from this fact (because the guy was possibly just bad), the food was lackluster and really not worth it. All around, I would stay away. There are so many nicer places in the area that you can go for a much better experience.
Our group of 8 had average to poor food, and poor service.  On top of this they forgot to put in one of our orders then were very unapologetic about the delay.  I will not be back.
A really attractive and unique venue. There's a restaurant, lounge area, dance floor, and open air space, so there is something for everyone here. The drinks were also reasonably priced, especially for the area. I don't know how much things were individually, but I paid $18 for a vodka cranberry and a craft beer (can't recall the name). No cover is also very awesome =) The music was pretty on point as well, and the whole group I was with seemed to be having a great time throughout. Even on a Saturday night, the place wasn't overly crowded as there were places to take a breather. My friend was celebrating his birthday there, and he had about 10 too many. The staff was very helpful and clearing me a path to get him the heck out of there. My only complaint is about the bathroom attendant, I really don't appreciate being hounded for a tip while I wash my hands. I'm not against tipping the guy, but he was being aggressive about it.
So crowded it hurts.
Tried The Park for lunch on a hot early summer day, inside in the AC looking out at the garden was terrific. Overall the food was very good, ambience is quite nice but the service was pretty lame. Took us 10 mins before our hapless server Stephen came to ask if we had been helped and would like something to drink. At the end of the meal it took 20 minutes to get the check, after asking twice, making us late for an afternoon appointment. Good food and a wonderful setting, with a dedication to improving their service The Park could be worth 4 stars....
Been here several times, usually in the summer to enjoy the "outdoor" feel.  But just went back last night and it's equally enjoyable in the cold weather too. Beautiful large space. Suits many needs; happy hour, nice dinner with friends or late night bar cravings.  The Hendricks Mash is one of the best cocktails I've ever had...I ended up having 3 and stumbling home.
Great place to go to if you like top 40 music. I was singing my lungs out on the dance floor and doing my dramatic dance moves. It's a restaurant, lounge and club. It's FREE to get it in and the wait to get in aren't ridiculously long. This is always my go to spot whenever I'm disappointed with other new areas I hit up. I recommend coming here 11:30pm since the club doesn't open until then. Price range for drinks are about $12. Best nights to come here are Friday and Saturdays. If you like to coat check it's $4.
I went last night and the music was much better....well I guess better for me which meant that it was a bigger genre and everything was very danceable.  Much more positive experience this time.
I've been wanting to come to this place for a while and I finally did last night with 15 of my friends on my bachelorette party. We sat in "the garden" against the back wall. There were mosquitoes and other bugs flying around but whatever I could deal with that. However, all of a sudden we see multiple mice crawling all along the cracks of the wall right behind us. Needless to say I couldnt eat my dinner. We told the manager, he took $$ off the bill, but I would neverrrrr go back there.  Having said that, the appetizers were delicious, drinks were great and the service was even better. It's a shame they have mice all over. Ughhhhhhh! PS after that we went to the culture club...GREAT place for a bachelorette party!
What happened to brunch at this place? OK...so obviously you go to The Park for the decor.  it's stunning to be surrounded by trees even when it's freezing, wet or gray outside.  But on my visit today, I was really disappointed with the food. 1. Selection was tiny and nothing sounded creative or especially appetizing. 2.  Eggs were runny 3. Chicken Sausage was dry and tasteless.  Everyone that ordered it left all or part of it on their plate. 4.  Bacon - at $4 you would expect the bacon to be somewhat thick or at least nicely presented.  Instead, we received tiny, mushed up pieces randomly strewn across the plate It seems like no care or thought is being given to food here these days.  It's really a shame.  While it's lovely to be here for the decor, if the food is trash, I'm going to have to rule it out.
My review is half and  half. It would get 4 stars because aesthetically, it is one of the most beautiful appealing clubs i have seen in nyc. Music was pretty good. LOTS of space. MANY rooms. OUTDOORS.  Crowd was mostly asian. I like diverse crowds better. UPDATE: I heard the crowds/parties vary depending what floor, night, and DJ it is.
I have mixed feelings about this place. It has cool ambiance and you can come have a chill drink, but the music is horrible and the crowd isn't all that great. Two floors -- first being a lounge/restaurant, second a dance floor. Not on my to-go list. 1OAK is right around the corner!
I feel I can't give a great review because I was here with a small group, we only went for a few birthday drinks and stayed at the seats by the bar to the right (the hard mutated log one) This place is very big with a big Asian Following. Great mix of music so drinks + friends = a good time. I followed tips and go there at 11pm with 3 people online. You get stamped and can go in and out. When I went to my car at 11:05 the line was down the block. (Not joking) so go early
Came here for Sunday brunch.  Wonderful atmosphere- earthy, sunny.  Food good, but service very slow.
Had no issue getting into this place.  The club/lounge area is upstairs.  I don't understand why this place is considered a club since there isn't really much of a dancing area.  This place gets crowded and is hard to find a place at the bar.  Drinks are about $13, which is what i consider cheap in NY.   Smoking area is really tiny. When you're tired of the crowd, you can move downstairs and help yourself to any of the tables for a rest.   Came here on a Saturday night and I assume that's Asian night there, but I'm from LA and their Asian night wasn't even that bad.  There is still a decent mix.   I would come back for the ease and cheap drinks, not necessarily for the tight space.
The only thing I like about this place is the beautiful decor. It literally is an indoor park. It's very pretty during the day, it's got a nice atmosphere and vibe as well. The food sucks and brunch is terrible. They charge you like $9 for mimosas alone. The food was too salty, I barely touched it. Sangria is mediocre. This place only looks nice. Next time I think I'll go to a REAL park and bring my own food, at least I know it will taste better.
I've been to The Park many times for brunch/late lunch and dinner. Nearly every time I've gone the food has been exceptional, I even gave my compliments to the chef once (i know, i'm a dork ;), there was only one off night when the food was so-so. There is usually no wait for a late lunch and almost always a 20+ minute wait for dinner (in the garden area) on a week-end. It's really worth it though, to eat in their outside garden-ish area. Really lovely, you feel secluded from the city and still get fresh air.   The waitstaff is generally friendly and professional. If you go here I'd reccommend the catfish, really very yummy!
I've been here for brunch and dinner. The food is basic and lackluster. I've been here late night because silly friends of mine went there for drinks. I would never go here if it were up to me, but the space is nice enough. Whenever I'm dragged here I definitely try to wait as patiently as possible till my friends are ready to leave.
In A Nutshell: *A lady-friend recommended The Park. *Now you can tell if I'm tourist when I'm about to say that it's located in the "Chelsea/Meat Packing District", which is about a mile away from Mid-Town. *NO COVER and a sweet layout inside that's not your typical club with two floors. *It reminded me a of 100% cleaner "1015 Folsom" (located in SF), but without the "e-puddles" Overall, they also had Brooklyn IPA on tap which was awesome and the music was very danceable Top-40 (hip hop, R&B and EDM).
beautiful location inside with great view. The food was just ok, lacking flavor all around the table. Drinks were good but beer and wine list was lacking as well.
I came here with my parents and was excited to show them a fun NYC restaurant. The atmosphere is certainly impressive. The chic decor, ridiculously high ceilings, and abundance of indoor trees and chinese lanterns makes for a fun night out. However, the service here always seems to be blah. The prices are not outrageous, but they are not exactly on the cheap side either, so you'd expect decent service. This always seems to be the downfall. The waiter we had was incredibly "blah." He seemed annoyed by our very presence, he disappeared for long amounts of time, and never so much as smiled. So, the inclusion of a 20% on our bill was maddening. You shouldn't be forced to tip someone who was awful. I've been to the bar upstairs before and that's a fun time, but the service in the restaurant leaves a lot to be desired.
We dined last Friday and were very happy with our experiance.
This review of The Park  is for the lunch experience (not for the nightlife/party scene) hmm probably a 3.5 stars but thats kind of my fault, I'll explain... My unsophisticated palette could only find a couple items on the lunch menu that I could eat without pushing something aside. If I wasn't such a picky eater I would have given them a 4. What were those items you ask? The pizza and burgers. So I ordered the margarita pizza. The menu is one of those very small limited ones with only a few choices in each category with more items on the salad section than on the others, the food is pretty fancy and portions are just right without giving you a piggish amount but also not leaving you hungry like one of those ultra-chic restaurants. Along those lines the prices are reasonable (not cheap but not overbearing either) at $10-16 for most lunch dishes. The beer was the maximum I'll spend at $7. The pizza I got was a great portion for one person (as long as they aren't having an appetizer and/or dessert)  and was quite tasty and well done. The server was quite attentive and pleasant and the wait for service and food wasn't too long.  The best part about this place and the reason I'll come back again is the environment. Half the place is an "outdoor" seating area which feels like outside because of the trees, brick ground, and tables and chairs but is really inside with a skylight as the roof (the doors and 1/2 of the skylight opened during good weather). The decor in the rest of the place is awesome as well, just a very cool place to go on a date or something. Especially if they keep the "outdoor" seating warm and open during the winter and if they utilize the beautiful fireplace in the back seating area outside.
This is one of my regular weekend spots in NY. If you're in town for a few days or want to explore more of NY, this is definately worth checking out. Restaurant -- I've only been here for Sunday brunch, which is probably one of the best times to be at the restaurant. Not too crowded, and if you're in the greenhouse, its a nice view (and usually warm). I tried the omelet with goat cheese and lox. Big hit! Club: It definitely gets a bit crowded after 1. You don't need to pay cover, but sometimes they give you a hassle getting in unless you have a good guy/girl ratio. Drinks are pretty good, and reasonably priced for being at the edge of the meat packing district. Some will complain, but I think the music is pretty good. Anywhere that plays enough MJ is good with me. And in the worst case, you can always get a bottle at Lotus ...
As restaurant, don't even think about going there. Just some many people have typical attitude. Even though food is good, it makes bad day for everything. Oh, by the way, food was awful. And, bad space design. Not for date.
Great glazed maple chicken with spaghetti  squash n brussel sprouts. Loved the calamari app. Liked the atmosphere with lighting, fireplace near the bar and indoor trees. Reasonably priced, but the cheapest bottle of wine was $50. The music was good n at an appropriate volume for table chatter, but I wish the music played in the bathroom. Waitstaff was attentive and friendly.
Thanks to my NY'er friend who took us here. I LOVED this club. It had a feel of an upscale club without the pretentiousness... for the most part. Drinks were a comparable at about $12 a shot I would say? The last round though, I think the bartender ripped us off and charged us a little more and gave us a smaller, plastic shot "glasses." Despite that little incident, the layout was great with the dance room upstairs with an covered outdoor area that was a LOT cooler and with more free space to dance around. Go outside the door and there was a smoking area. There were also couches and tables for those who didn't want to dance or needed some time off their dancing feet. Great music with a great mix of people. AND NO COVER!
PLUSES: -no cover charge -the feel/vibe of the whole place -very cool look and nice interior - areas to dance and just to catch up with people. MINUSES: -tends to get crowded in a sardine-ish manner -doesn't let guys in unless there is at least a 1:1 ratio for girl to guy -cannot bring go outside and get friends if you are a girl or you'll wind up being kicked out. -BOUNCERS ARE ASSES. not going back, unless force is applied.
Awesome place and awesome crowd. Would definitely go there again if I have change to go to NY. From Australia
Beautiful place. Really cool and not so expensive. a must go.
More like 3.5 but I have to round down. The drinks are expensive so if you're looking to get wasted here, don't. They don't give a good pour either, so just come to have a good time. There was a strange mix of people depending where you were. Of course, both floors had creepy guys, but you can never escape that. I was upstairs at first and there's some dancing but more people sitting and standing around, staring at the people dancing...Then you head downstairs where pretty much everyone is dancing and the only ones not are the ones who are about to pass out. I had a pretty good time here. I will say that I didn't expect to, but I was with a good group of people who know how to have a fun time, wherever we go. Do expect to receive some stares and do expect to see a lot of people along the wall and do expect to go broke.
Maybe this place gets douchey after 1am, but I'm an old man now and generally don't stay that late at places. I can tell you that from 10-1, I had a great time here. The atrium is really lovely with the lights at night, the drinks are reasonably priced, it wasn't too loud. You can actually have a decent conversation with friends. What's not to like so far? The crowd maybe a bit B+T, but I was there to hang out w/ my peeps and not to look at everyone else and thankfully there's enough space to do that.
The brunch menu was fairly limited, but it was pretty good. The crab cake benedict isn't anything to write home about, but it's worth it if you just want to try something different. The walnut banana bread was the bomb dot com..which says something when it's a complementary food item for breakfast...I'll have to come back to try the pizza. I really liked it for the outdoor/sun room seating. It's huge. I have a thing for restaurants with high ceilings and gorgeous views.
Atmosphere "outside" is worth the wait.  Food is above average and fresh!  Def. reccomend.
After going to Marquee on Friday, my group was in the mood for a non-Asian club. We decided on The Park because we heard it was the only no-cover venue in MPD. When we got in it was super empty downstairs with a small crowd upstairs. The walk upstairs takes you through a really cute lit up "park" area. They play a mix of EDM/top 40 songs mashed up together. Overall, it was a good spot for us since we had such a large group, and we could bounce out for KTV early without feeling guilty. However, I wouldn't normally recommend it as a Saturday night kind of spot, as it is very lounge-y and chill.
I came here with my hs friends for our annual summer reunion and we loved it! I did some research on this place and it's segmented into 5 diff areas and we were seated in the Main Room area even tho I requested for the Garden area but they don't take seating area requests ;( But the Main room was still pleasant with wide windows that let the sunset beam lights fill the room and the garden's greenery and flowing vines/plants. And the ventilation was like a breath of fresh air too! So enough with the sensual foreplay hahas I like to get excited before I get to the eating part hahas Since this is a "ingredient-based Mediterranean" cuisine, we were served our complimentary bread and oil dipping which was sooo good! yelp.com/biz_photos/Acba… For my entree, I got the Park burger and I can still remember the meat juices oozing out as i bit my teeth into it. Sounds very unflattering but so worth it for my taste buds hahas yelp.com/biz_photos/Acba… One of my friends got the crab cakes from the appetizer menu, and they were just okay. The crunchy part looked a little over cooked than what I'm used to seeing. yelp.com/biz_photos/Acba… We didn't order any desserts. The ambiance was absolutely stellar! But our waitress prolly only appeared to hand us the menu, take our orders, and hand us the check. She didnt have to refill our water b/c they set down a glass bottle of water on the table early on so that we can refill ourselves but we didn't mind that. This is a great place to eat with friends/dates/family and you get to walk the Highline Park afterwards to walk off the filled belly of yours.
I was at this bar for a friend's birthday, and had a great time, in spite of the things I didn't like about the venue.   I arrived past 12, so the bar wasn't too crowded. This place was full of the B&T crowd, and a lot of out-of-towners.  That's not really my scene. That said, I had a great time. There are several rooms in the venue, which helps you to vary your experience.  My favorite was an outdoor seating area with christmas lights in the trees, and lots of tables.  We had several drinks just sitting there chatting.   Inside the bar feels elitist, with bouncerettes keeping people from moving freely between spaces.  That and its hard to elbow your way up to the bar to order a drink.  The outdoor bar is smaller and much less crowded, which is why we settled there. Basically, this was a fun night, but not really because of the place I was at.  The Park isn't terrible, but it isn't particularly fabulous either.  Just your run of the mill dance/bar spot, but with pricer beverages. If you have a guest from out of town who wants a "NYC" experience with lots of other out of towners, this might be your destination.  If you're looking for a unique venue that will impress your friends from the city, this is probably not the place for you.
Great place to take a date. It looks great, food is good and service is excellent. I have been here a few times and plan to head back soon. FYI there is a gay lounge on thursdays after 11. Happy to know!
A friend came to visit from San Francisco a few weeks ago. We called out our old college buddies for dinner and afterwards we ended up at The Park. Keep in mind the night was somewhat of a blur with all the drinks and the dancing so this review might not be completely accurate. This place is huge! I think I got lost a few times after coming back inside. My friends and I were staying at the lounge area by the bar on the second floor. I think there were four sections in this place, the main bar area and a dining area on the first floor and then a bar/lounge area and a separate lounge area on the second floor. The waitresses on the second floor were really nice. The drinks I ordered were made perfectly and they just kept flowing. When we got there around 10pm it was relatively empty, but within 20 minutes the second floor was completely packed. The crowd was pretty good too. From what I saw everyone was mostly 20-somethings. Didn't see those random old guys that tend to show up at clubs. The crowd was a good mix of nationalities but was clearly mostly Asian. I'd recommend coming to The Park for a good time to hang out with friends or to meet new ones. I hear they serve brunch in the daytime. That might be worth checking out. You'll see an update review if I ever try the brunch.
1 star for the decor, 1 star for the food. 1 star for the fries, -1 for the nasty steak, neutral for the pastas, -1 for awful pizzas. Limp arugula, burnt prosciutto, bleach dough. My other elite friend liked the focaccia (I didn't, but give him the benefit of the doubt) so +1.  Overpriced but I wish it was my living room. Satisfy your curiosity but then move on. Really... The pizza chef should put his head in the oven. And then promote the fry chef.
Let's start off with the Male host. Very uninviting and Standoffish. The wait for a table was an hour.. exactly. But however the place was half empty. So expect to wait an hour for a dinner table even if you are a regular. Very dissappointing. And the wait staff were running around like chickens with their heads cut off. Not sure if they were understaffed or what. We asked for condiments to accomidate our burgers,  never happened. Our drinks even came out wrong. And the bill was put on the table before even asking for it, as if they were rushing to get out. Not a friendly enviornment but whats sad is that I live around the corner. I would reccomend any place other than Park for sure. However the female bartender was sweet, hospitable and really entertaining. Very Touristy Place. More of a Jersey crowd.
This place is fabulous!  After partying in meatpacking and then getting rejected after trying to club hop (large birthday group) we decided to go here - and we should have started here: -No Cover (praise Jesus!) -Great music -HUGE - you can get lost in here -Great upstairs outdoor lounge area to sit -Seriously fabulous decor -Friendly bartenders / door people / all people I would def go again and I kiss the friend who recommended this place! I would give it another star but I didn't really drink anything because the night was winding down so I have to go back and try some of the drinks.
Came during lunch service on a Saturday and got served in a good amount of time. I got the Park Burger that came with a English muffin bun which was really nice. The fries were well done but not burnt (in other words they were perfect). This place seems like a nice nightlife sort of place. The garden seating area is nice as well.
OMG i love the park! Without fail, I always have the best time when I go on saturday nights. The dj's love beyonce, which is great for me because dancing to single ladies always puts a smile on my face. plus, no cover! it's nice to hit up a different club/bar first and head over to park later in the night since it doesn't matter what time you get there. it's free free free! Although... if i were a guy, i probably wouldn't like going here. if you don't have a girl on your arm, you're not getting in. that's why random guys will always approach girls outside so that they can get in with them. i knocked off a star because 1. the drinks are way overpriced, 2. it can get pretty freakin crowded on the dance floor, and 3. there are a lot of dorky asian guys that try to dance with you. but the solution to these problems? 1. drink before you get there, 2. keep your hands near your face so you don't get poked in the eye, and 3. well... i'm kind of a fan of those dorky guys. they entertain me so i have no complaints there i say check it out!
Last night I had planned to enjoy a quiet dinner at the Park on 10th Avenue with a few friends to celebrate my steady crawl towards 40 (still a few years to go). Instead of a pleasant dining experience we suffered the most unimaginably poor service I have ever been inflicted with in my 36 years. Planning for this was an event unto itself and after confirming who would be attending we made a reservation for 10 people for Sunday night. We arrived and, at first, all seemed well.  We were seated promptly.  Our waitress was quick to take our drink orders.  She even cautioned us against ordering certain appetizers labeled "for two", claiming that they were actually not large enough for two.  At least she was honest that there was some false advertising going on. Once our full party arrived we proceeded to order.  Most of us asked for one of three burgers from the menu.  Others requested salads or pizzas.  Two people requested special orders of items on the menu for dietary concerns.  "No problem," said our waitress and she hurried off to put the order in. It was another 25 or 30 minutes before we heard any word on our orders.  Three times our previously attentive waitress hurried by to bus a now empty table, ignoring us in the process even though many of us had finished our drinks and were desperate for refills.  (It was particularly warm out and we were seating near the large doors to the atrium... essentially outdoors... so we were parched by this point.) When she finally came back to us I indicated that I needed a refill on my tea and others requested their own refill choices.  She wandered away and after almost 15 minutes came back to us with refills for others and food for a few people at the table.  Still I had no tea.  When I asked about my refill she said, "Oh, they're brewing tea now.  It will be a little while."  And then she left.  No offer of a substitute drink or even water! A second round of food began to arrive, for a few more members of the party.  Still, one-third of our group was without food, including me.  Our waitress was nowhere to be found so we asked the runner to please check on our other orders.  I only ordered a regular Chef's Cheeseburger... nothing fancy and other cheeseburgers had already been delivered. After a few more minutes the manager came out to apologize to one member of our party because the chef didn't understand her special requests and this caused a major delay in her order.  A nice gesture but still no apology to me or the others who still had no food. After another ten minutes passed one member of our party went to the bar to find the manager and formally complain.  He returned saying that our other food should be out momentarily.  Still I had no tea. Finally, the rest of the food, minus the "confusing" special order arrived followed sometime thereafter by my tea. We had to complain again that the waitress had vanished multiple times and had not checked on us.  Where was she?  Busing tables while the busboy was running food. The special order finally arrived, now a good hour after we'd ordered and the manager sent our waitress over with complimentary champagne to pacify our frustrations.  Again, this was a nice gesture but we should never have been subjected to rotten service in the first place.  The manager than told us that the special order and her accompanying drink would be comped as well as a veggie burger for another guest at our table (who had actually received her meal first).   Sorry Park, but this was all too little too late.  You made, what should have been an enjoyable birthday dinner out with friends into a miserable experience leaving all ten of us incredibly dissatisfied and angry.  You may have some wonderful ambiance but when your customers leave angry what's the point.
Great place to enjoy drinks and dance the night away. Great service and ambiance.  Highlight of my trip to NYC!!!!
This place has stood the test of time!  I've never gone for the food, but I have been here time and time again to witness the nightlife.   The only bad memories I have are of doorwomen impeding my entry when I tried entering solo after having arrived late for a friends birthday celebration.  A friend of mine did the same this past week but got in with no problem this past Saturday.  (Fellas, take note: Roll with some ladies just in case).   They've changed their decor a little bit since the first time I visited.  I remember that there was a distinct Asian Inspiration to the interior decor.  This last week, I remember less Asian elements and more American elements.  The one constant are the indoor trees and shrubs, which I think are awesome.   If you're going to party there, note that the real dancing occurs upstairs.  It gets a little warm and packed, but I kinda like that (In some instances it forces people to avoid nightlife pretenses and interact with each other a little more). Last Saturday there were a few Tutters and Pop & Lockers who didn't  know what they were doing, but other than that the floor moved pretty freely.  Credit to the awesome DJs!  Their transitions were smooth and they played a nice variety of tracks.  I'd bet money that you'd've heard something you liked.   Just so you know, this is a bit of a pick up spot.  So if you're coming here with your girlfriends just to dance, be aware that you might get pulled over by a prowler or two (That's with any nightlife institution, no?) Anyways, I'm sure I'll be visiting again.  Maybe I'll check the food out next time and update this review.   Know before you go: The parking situation is treacherous.  The earlier you get to the area, the better.  Also, 10th avenue becomes a hotbed of NYPD vans, taxis and black cars after 01:00.
Terrible place! I went there for my bday party,i called 5 days earlier to make reservation for 15 ppl,in the garden.When i got there,they gave me totally different table,n when i asked why,since i called n made reservation,they were like ,well if you wany tour table,you can have it only for 2 hours and then leave!!!  Then MANAGER came,a blonde guy ,with shaved here and funky earings,who was sooooo rude n with attitude!!! they  RUINED MY BDAY!! NEVER NEVR GO HERE FOR DINNER OR LUNCH............
I came here on a Sunday evening with a few of my friends. Our waiter was terrible! He looked at us as though we were bothering him every time we had a question. I was ready to complain to management, when the manager descending on us like a guardian angel. Saved the day. She was so pleasant, it made up for the slow service and arrogance of the Russian waiter and the hostess. This is the second time I've been here and the second time around totally sucked besides the manager and the awesome convo I had with my friends
i'm like...a masochist...because I keep coming here despite their shitty drinks, the shitty price for their shitty drinks, their policy of buy a drink and then get a free glass of water (is that really real or legal? lol), and their shit music. I honestly have no excuse to my behavior. lol two stars!
Within 5 minutes of being seated indoors for brunch, birds had defecated on our table, including a napkin and a menu. Although birds flying through the restaurant appear to be part of the "ambiance," these birds are not enclosed above any sort of net. There were birds above us and they defecated on our table. Upon informing our server and requesting to be moved so as to avoid the risk of having bird feces in our food, the server responded, "That's actually not that UNcommon here." We were mortified. After about 10 minutes of fearfully sitting at our table with our menus above our heads, another individual came and moved us to a more hygienic area within the restaurant, without offering any apology. The service afterwards was terrible, as well. I received my coffee 10 minutes before we left...after a 2 hour brunch. Although our new server apologized and did not charge us for this coffee, this did not make up for the unbelievably bad service, the rude attitude of the previous servers, or the mediocre food. I've been here 4 times now and the food and service have always been poor. When I go to to have a meal, I do not expect even the potential to find animal excrement in my food, especially of a bird flying above me. The server's casual and dismissive attitude about this disgusting fact set me over the edge. I will never be returning to The Park.
Decent place to hang out at.  I'm not really sure what it is about the place, but it has a lot of potential and something is stopping it.  It's a great atmosphere and the fusion between outdoors and indoor setting is pretty sweet.  Seems to be a popular hang out place for Asians and Indians.  Not really sure why, but the place in general is huge and always a good time
Interesting ambience- like that of a garden. Nothing over the top, but artistic. Definitely appreciated its simple aesthetic quality. The lounge needs more lighting. Can't even see who's hitting on you. But maybe that's a good thing. :P
The Park gets 5 stars for atmosphere - perfect spot for cocktails with lots of areas in the restaurant to choose from. Unfortunately, the food is average so skip it and stick to drinks!
I must say the decor is 4/5 stars. It was a Saturday night, and there was surprisingly not that many people -- the dance floor opened at around midnight, and up until 3am there were still many open gaps (granted there were a few instances of broken glass on the floor, but I don't think this was the reason there was a lot of open space). It wasn't too dark inside, and the dj was alright: there was a mix of old and new music. However, many people weren't dancing, so it would be kind of attention-grabbing and floor-clearing when one starts breakin' it down. Some people come for hookups; you'll find a crowd of mixed nutbag. We met some true absurdities. And it's true that every 3rd person is Asian. Maybe we just like lanterns in parks. Or the no cover. The bartender at the front wasn't very happy, probably because she doesn't get tipped as much as she wants due to her demeanor. Our drinks were $12 each. They tasted good at least. The coat check area near the restrooms was reminiscent of high school dances or Dave and Busters' coat check areas. Don't expect much class here. But in total, the night is as fun as you can make it. I will give it to them; it doesn't look it from the outside, but they do have a load of space. Good time had.
I came here for my birthday and I had an awesome time. Love that you can smoke in the atrium without having to go outside in the cold. Great interior and good food. Especially the fries. The sangria was great but really pricey. Our group ended up spending alot. The dance floor upstairs was smaller then I expected but we still rocked it on the dance floor.
As a recluse, I really don't venture off to the West Side. Maybe because the word "west" has it's wild, wild side. [Drumroll...and no applause. Come on! The Wild Wild West? Ok, I think I killed the joke.] But last week, my friends decided to host a bachlorette party there. The decor is lovely. I'm not so sure about the birds flying around though. Yeah, they have a lot of trees with artificial bird nests. So the thought of feathered creatures hovering or dropping things over your head or food makes me want to take a star away. Star away. However, if you want a "park" experience [I suggest a picnic at Central Park, but you're fancy, so you chose this place], I suggest to go around the time during sunset. And if you're not sure when sunset will happen, go check at Google. During sunset, the birds go crazy. They start chirping to each other to announce it's bedtime. When the sun sets, you won't see the birds. See, a "park" experience. All my friends, including the bride-to-be, enjoyed the food. It was kind of hard to talk to one another given that we were seated in one of their long tables. But that was better than sitting next to the bar with loud chicks (so many reference to poultry here) and music. The food was fresh and delicious. Although, one of them ordered the roasted chicken and that reminded me of the ones that flew around our table. Hm... We ordered the garnelli with bits of shredded beef, even though they call that short ribs. Mushroom pizza. Butternut squash ravioli. The salads were expensive and not worth $10-13 for them. As for service, I think our waiter was very patient. And he would check up on us to make sure our water bottles were filled. (I know, such a sober evening. No, wait, I had a Blue Point. Not bad. It has a crisp apple taste to it.) He even helped take our pictures with two, three, and maybe even four cameras. (What can I say? My asian friends have a thing with showing off cameras and taking ten thousand photos of the SAME people.) We were probably the most annoying group there. That or people thought that we were celebrities with all the bright flashes.   Just make sure you check the bill. My sober friend saw that they charged us twice for the calamari. The waiter fixed it though; so no harm, no foul.
Boo hoo! I do not like giving bad reviews especially when I actually ate what I was served, so this will be my "disappointment" review or my "gee, I thought this place was going to be great because it looks great" review. Because it really is beautiful: decor, greenery, etc., but unfortunately the food left much to be desired!  Runny raw eggs when I asked for overeasy, cold waiter serving colder cappuccino twice over, at that. It made for a sad brunch, something brunch should never be. Two just for the birds and the trees...indoors, and one for not getting pooped on while we ate, whoopie!!
The Park is a gorgeous club that's FREE! It's rare to find clubs in the city that actually have no cover! No guestlist needed or anything! It's a multilevel club that's decorated very nicely. I've never had the food here so wouldn't be able to review that. I've only been here Friday and Saturday nights for their parties. The times I've been it's just been ok. The DJ, who was playing Top 40, was mixing way too fast. I didn't even have time to enjoy the song he was playing before he'd mix into another! I'm not sure if the other floors had DJs as well - the times I've been I've always stayed on the Rooftop. I don't remember how much the drinks were. The crowd is mainly Asian which I'm not too fond of as I like places that have mixed crowds.
Ive been to the Park for brunch and drinking on a Saturday night, and I loved it both times! To start off - the "Park" part is beautiful - complete with live chirping birds, trees, and sometimes, the birds crapping on your food..:s Brunch - I loved my omelette pizza and it was a great ambiance with a perfect Sunday brunch feel to it. Sat night - We did bottle service since we were a big group - the prices were pretty good, the music was mostly the billboard charts and crowd was fun, and not too crowded. We had our own table with some space to dance, so it was busy but just enough.,
Really off the bat, The Park has really great atmosphere.  There is a massive garden which I think is the best place to sit and enjoy your meal.  Also is a firepit with seating all around. You can dine indoors or out and they are kid-friendly. Service is exceptional, as is the food.  Fair prices for the food. A nice idea is to start at W.28th highline and walk all the way down to W. 15th. and then go to dine at The Park.
My friends & I have loved this place for years - beautiful atmosphere and great for groups and parties. Not too loud, perfect for being outside. Food is average but the setting is the real draw.
I'd been here once before ages ago with a girlfriend. The service was mad slow back then, and it still is when I came here last Thurs night for dinner with my boyfriend. We showed up early- around 7ish, and had no problems sitting down. Services is really, really slow. Not sure why. The place is really vast. Although the decor is really nice (tree in middle), nice comfy booths, etc, I think this limits how often the limited waitstaff came around. I had to eye our waitress a few times to come over, and she mirrored a look that she KNEW they'd be pinged for being slow. It took 25 minutes to order, 25 minutes to get the food, probably the same amount for the check, so we left cash. As for the menu, there is a variety of good American classic food: burgers, pizza, and entrees. The prices are right too- high teens and low 20s. We started off with a bread basket- which was supposed to be a foccacia, but ended up being more like a salty cornbread. With olive oil and salt and pepper (our preference- after shaking the pepper shaker, we realize it was empty. So, again- slow service and not much attention to each table) My bf got the Chef's Burger- braised short rib, blue cheese, roasted mushrooms and pickled cucumber. Our waitress kept making weird comments that it wasn't made fresh- it's already made. He also asked for it it "medium rare", and she said "oh you don't have much choice, it comes medium well."  Firstly, that'd crap. And secondly, she didn't know what she was talking about it because it WAS medium rare. LOL. My bf said it was very good- but strong on the blue cheese. The fries that came with the burger were just skinny frozen fries; they weren't hand-cut or seasoned at all. Satisfying but not anything special. As for me, I went with the roasted maple chicken and spaghetti squash. It was good- better than I expected. I'm glad I chose this over the pizza because they were more like flatbreads. The chicken was nicely pan seared, with crispy, juicy skin- it comes on the bone; both dark and white meat. The squash was kind of a boiled mess- good but mostly because it was drenched in butter and this masked the natural flavor. Liked the crunchy garlic atop. The dish also had very blah sauteed brussels sprouts- it was like they didn't even try to mask their natural nasty flavor, except to drench them in oil. Like I dined here long ago, the service is too slow so I doubt I'll be back if I really am in the mood for a good paced meal. It's convenient because it's in a great area, and relatively affordable in Chelsea. But don't expect the food to wow.
The restaurant itself is gorgeous. They have outdoor seating as well as a garden room with trees, flowers, mood lighting, etc. My girlfriends and I came here because I wanted to bring my pooch to dinner with me and they were very nice about having the dog in the garden room - very hard to come by in Manhattan (usually they make you tie the dog to the outside of the gate). The server was nice and relatively attentive, but the food was not anything special. We ordered the Buffalo Mozz and it was BEYOND salty. I had the Asparagus Salad (bland) and the Tuna Crudo with Roasted Cauliflower, which was OK. My friend ordered the Potato Soup, which she said tasted very watered down and didnt finish it. My other friend had the Pizza and it was just OK. Probably won't be back. It's a shame because it is in a great location, steps from the highline and a very pretty restaurant...
Bad service, but amends was made. They were short staffed so my party was neglected the whole night. We waited for the top floor to open up to do hang out upstairs but they were late with that also. I spoke to the manager on duty about me being a frequent customer, and he gave me a discount on my bill.
This one star is for the rude management and service. When we arrived as a party of two, we looked for a table and found one with just one seat.  We asked if we could pull over one seat from a large empty table where no one was seated.  It was reserved, so one server said she was not sure if she was allowed to get us a chair from the other table.  It was her first day, so we were not there to get her in trouble.  So while we stood there and waited, we just asked if we could order drinks in the meantime.  The bar staff said that we had to order from the table server.  The first time I spoke to this more seasoned server, she immediately said to me, "You will have to wait because you are not being nice." As a customer and someone that has worked in the service industry myself, I would have never said that to a customer.  In my humble opinion, I was not rude or mean and this statement offended me to the point that as we were walking out, I let the manager know the way we were treated.  He did not apologize for her behavior and just made the assumption that this person did nothing wrong.  Without hesitation or looking into what happened, he just defended her and claimed that she never had a complaint before. He did not apologize even to maintain face or make any effort to appease the situation.  Had I been the manager, I would have at the very least apologized and said that I would look into it.   It is a shame to see the degradation of the service industry in places were tips are expected without the merit of any service at all. To be fair, I do like the ambiance of this place with its outdoor look.  I have been here in the past several times before without this same complaint, which is why I am regretful to write this disappointing review.
I approve!  I somehow managed to get me and a bunch of my friends here together and had a great time. NO COVER?  Why yes, thank you.  The line may look a bit scary but it goes decently fast... and plus, you should be with your friends chattering away anyways, so you probs won't even notice. The crowd on the Saturday night was a pretty even mixture of every ethnicity and it seemed like everyone got along just fine - no drama.  The upper level was playing some strange house music and was also jammed packed with smelly dancing people so I decided to stay on the first floor by the bar/outdoor patio area.  They were playing top 40 down there, quite enjoyable for the younger crowd.  The area is large and you aren't crazy cramped like you are upstairs.  They also keep the temperature pretty decently cool so you don't sweat your ass off. Drinks are also tasty, though possibly pricey.  Will be back again!
Nice place to sit outside and just relax.  No happy hour specials, and not much cool food like nachos or something.  I got the bucket of expensive $6 fries and two glasses of wine, $8 each.  I expected it to be a bit cheaper for sure.  The crowd is mostly white people in their 20s between 5-7:30pm when I was there, unfortunately.  Place needs some diversity...
Came here for drinks with DH and friends and had the worst experience.   Showed up at 9:30pm, after an amazing dinner at the Standard Grill.  We were seated immediately in the garden.  Perfect.   My husband works down the block and we have had lovely dinner dates here, and wanted to share the experience with our friends.   The waitress came to take our order, and once she realized we were only there for drinks, she became visibly upset and ran over the hostess.  The hostess came over and demanded we leave our table immediately.  She offered us a table in a dark corner and we left.   The hostess never asked us if we were there for drinks or dinner.  At 9:30pm, this is a common question for a hostess to ask.  If she failed to do her job competently, she should not have taken it out on the customers.   To be asked to leave your table is unacceptable thing for a restaurant to do, when that is where she chose to seat us.  Unbelievable.   As we were leaving, I quietly expressed my disappointment at the hostess table, and was blown off with a "have a nice night!" in a rude tone.  Nice.   If the place was packed, and they were choosing to keep the garden tables for diners, we would have understood completely.  However, this was not the case.  I counted TEN emtpy tables in the garden.  So at that point, considering the time of night,  I would think the waitress and hostess should use JUDGEMENT and decide to opt to make $$$ rather than piss off a table of customers.  Everyone knows the liquor pulls in more$$ for a restaurant than the food anyway. And then they wonder why most restaurants fail so quickly.  There are thousands of places to drink in NYC.  This place has been around a while, and certainly isn't the IT place anymore.  They should be TRYING to keep their customer base and not chasing customers away.   let's do some simple addition that's just some ignorant $$#%
I was there on a Saturday night around 12-2am. No cover! And I was shocked by how big this place is! There are a bunch of different areas. I loved the heated outdoor area and the fireplaces. The music/dancing was just ok, but the fact that there was plenty of room is a big plus. Like another reviewer said, there can be some creepy guys, but the crowd was pretty mixed and the ambiance was good. I'd definitely hang out here again.
4 stars for the park... I actually really like the park because it has good music (hip hop/R&B/top 40s), usually a good crowd, tons of space to sit down, chill, put your stuff down, and ... it's next to artichoke's pizza! Totally easy access for my late night pizza cravings. The interior is actually quite pretty too with nice lights, couches all over the place, and very spacious all around. There usually is not a line the few times that I've gone, and no cover for ladies. Mixed crowd, though sometimes there's a lot of asians if there's a birthday party or special occasion. I'd recommend this place as a good place to go if you don't feel like making plans or getting a table, somewhere chill that you know you can get into and have a decent time. Make sure to get a slice of meatball or artichoke pizza on your way home.
Each of the rooms are designed to cater to different moods in the restaurant. On a night out, I dined at the Main Dining room with friends. It's amazing how the restaurant designed the space to resemble an Enchanted Garden. My order of the grilled Atlantic salmon over Avocado Tomatillo Salsa with asparagus and corn on the cob was an excellent choice. The salmon was grilled just right and retained the hearty, firewood flavor. The portions are moderate but enough to fill a hungry diner. The desserts were excellent! The Valrahona Chocolate cake with Bittersweet chocolate sauce and Crisp of the day with Tahitian Vanilla Ice cream were beautifully presented and simply delicious! The penthouse had an after hour party with DJ and cocktails- looks fun and chic! Definitely a must the next time I go back.
I went here for it's night club scene. It's a beautiful place, but it isn't my favorite place to party. The vibe just felt a little off. I think having lunch here would be fantastic because it's such a beautiful place, but we didn't try the food!
This place was great! Right next to the High Line for a pre or post-meal stroll. The ambiance is what puts them over the top. It's romantic, it's roomy (unlike my apartment in NYC). I came here for Brunch; it was a nice vacation from the boozy brunches.  Come here with a group or with that special someone for good food, a great atmosphere, and friendly wait service.
Important facts first - the place has no cover charges on weekends, the place has one of the best music in the city (IMO), and frankly it's huge and looks gorgeous. I've been going here, and plan to keep going here forever!
Ambience is great- love the garden room. Food was pretty good, especially the Chef's Burger (yum!). Service was slow, not very attentive. Our server was nice, friendly- just not speedy and didn't check on us very often. We were often waiting on her.
My cousin visiting from Switzerland but staying in NYC said we should meet her at "The Park" for a little get together, as we do when she comes to town. (This was on a Saturday - lunch time) For me, this was a great pick. Waiting for my cousin I had a Weihenstephan beer on tap. ( the oldest brewery in the world and a great beer especially on tap!) For lunch I had a pulled pork with small sweet potatoes chunks and 2 soft boiled eggs which was different and really terrific. My wife had a steak salad (with red cabbage, lettuce, onions etc. and horse radish sauce) that she is trying to copy at home now. My cousin and her friend both enjoyed their meal too. We hope to meet up there again maybe next week before she goes back to Switzerland.  Regardless, my wife and I will definitely be back.
We went to brunch here. The food was very good. I got the Nicoise salad and my wife an omelet and they were both great. Reason for the lower rating is the attitude.  My waiter was great, once we sat down was great.  But The Park apparently likes to feel very important - thus, we were made to wait until someone came in behind us to wait.  The place was only half-full and the waiters actually seemed relaxed, so it wasn't lack of help. Yet we were made to wait for 15 minutes.  Once someone came in behind us and was told to wait, the hostess immediately grabbed us and took us to our table.  This happened repeatedly through our lunch.   Very frustrating, when you just want to sit and have lunch in a nice restaurant. if you can handle that frustration, this is a good place for a Saturday lunch.
Loved this place based on the atmosphere alone. Really nice dining area, in addition to a nice cozy lounger/bar area. To start, we got the calamari and it was really good. For dinner, I got the burger and it was delicious. The only thing that could've made this place a perfect five-star is the service. We had two servers and both were very nice, but not very attentive. Other than that, I'd totally go back to The Park. I'd even come back for drinks alone. There was an area with couches and a fireplace, which looked really nice for grabbing some signature drinks at The Park.
While my parents were visiting, a friend recommended I take them to The Park for brunch one Saturday morning. While I was perfectly satisfied with my pesto pizza, I was somewhat disappointed since I was hoping for a great breakfast. There were not nearly as many breakfast options as I was hoping for which lead to my pizza-decision, yet my parents seemed content with their choices (an interesting breakfast pizza and an egg-white omelet). Either way, we all enjoyed our meals and the restaurant itself is really beautiful. There is a ton of seating both inside and out; the terrace  would be a great place for a romantic dinner. After reading some other reviews, I'm beginning to realize this place has a problem with time. We arrived at 9:50 and were told that we could sit in the waiting area until they opened at 10, which was perfectly fine since we were just happy to be in air-conditioning. Yet, it was frustrating that when a couple walked in three minutes later, they were seated immediately while we sat in the waiting area and watched. While this certainly didn't ruin the experience, I found it to be quite odd.
I'm so glad i booked this place for a birthday dinner. It's very different. After so many birthday dinners it gets old - this place brings in a very cool ambiance. It's trees and gardens, very large space and everything there just kind of cool looking and makes you want to roam around and explore. I really like nature and hiking, and i definitely appreciated the vegetation and even the live chirping sparrows. As we addressed our natural concern regarding those latter flying over the table, our waitress politely indicated that should an "accident" occur, the meals will be comped.  Food was great and the bill was not that crazy considering that we had a bunch of prosecco.
I planned a surprise birthday brunch here on Saturday afternoon and it was great. The restaurant was totally accommodating even when we downsized the size of our group 2 days before the event. We had the Saturday prix fixe brunch & they made personalized menus for the table. We had plenty of room to move around. The servers were attentive but not obtrusive. There was a plating charge for the cake that we brought. They do not allow balloons on the floor.
I came here with a group of other women for Sunday brunch (we had a reservation, which I recommend). The hostesses were very helpful in helping me locate my group's table. We were seated in the garden. Is it pretty? Yes. But the large room felt a bit unwelcoming to me--sometimes smaller places actually have a nicer atmosphere--and at times it was hard to get our server to come over. I thought our server was adequate, but not great, in terms of personality, coming over to check on us enough, and promptness. As for the bird droppings that other reviewers have mentioned, I didn't experience it personally, but one of my dining companions did (it landed on the edge of her plate---luckily not on the food itself). Yikes! I had the ricotta pancakes with blood orange marmalade. They were yummy, but pancake orders are often too big and this was no exception. (My first-choice, the french toast, was "sold out" by the time our server came to take our orders.) A couple of my dining companions had the poached eggs over salmon--I didn't try it, but it looked very good, presentation-wise. I also appreciate that the restaurant provides slices of banana bread for the table. I decided not to order the $3 coffee, although I did get a fresh-squeezed orange juice ($4). Would I come back to the Park for brunch? Sure. It wouldn't be at the very top of my list though, especially with so many other places I've yet to try. This would probably be 2.5 stars for me but I bumped it up to three.
Still my favorite bar in the Meatpacking district (Is this a backhanded compliment?). It's never a pain to get in and the place is big enough with enough different music and vibe that I can always find an area to fit the mood I'm in or group I'm with. Drinks and bartenders are adequate. Crowd is typically young and unpretentious...maybe I won't want to be hanging out here in ten years, but for now, I'm still enjoying it.
this was perhaps the most disappointing eating experience i've had in New York. Words can not explain how terribly managed this restaurant is. I can't actually speak about the food because me and my partner waited for an hour and 15 minutes for the food to come before we walked out. Our waiter did not once come by once to apologize or explain the situation, we had to ask him. Granted, it was a beautiful space. but as i looked around the half empty restaurant on a tuesday night, i wondered why our food never came. The staff said the manager was going to come by our table, but after 15 minutes of waiting for her on top of our hour and 15 minutes wait for the food that never came, we decided that it was not worth waitng.   At the door, there were other tables that just walked out as well. The host staff did next to nothing to help the situation. It baffles me that a place like this can exist in new york city. If you're planning on a special evening, i suggest another option because it certainly ruined our night.
Nice location and good service. FOOD IS HORRIBLE!!! DO not order the pizza unless you like a piece of bread with tomatoes and bad cheese splattered on your plate...
Park is a decent bar/lounge at the western edge of the city (slightly far from the subway for those in heels, particularly). Inside, a large greenhouse area with seating, a primary bar around the entry (usually crammed with people), stairs down to a coat check, and what used to be banks of phones, bathrooms to the back area through some swinging doors. To the back, booths in a dark red area with dark wood and a bar to itself. Another room with a staircase right beside linking that and the airy greenhouse area with seating and a faux fur rug. Upstairs, another bar and dance area, a few long low seats and a view outside to Jersey. Usually packed with various birthdays, and the music isn't too bad, mostly. Drinks can be a bit spendy, but that's not too surprising. End of the night tends to be a lot of randomly dropped glass from the drunkards. Entry here before 11:30p usually isn't bad. Later on, though, if you're a man, make sure you have some women around to take you into the club, otherwise they tend to stop you at the door. Haven't had cover here yet, either.
I went to dinner and hung around for dancing later.  Overall, pretty good.  The food was tasty and the service good.  Dancing was OK, not the best music but good enough to get you on the dance floor.  Overall--fun time.
First. Its 21+ over club and at yelpes its listed as 19+. change that please. I had some people under 21 with me when we hit this place. No chance on getting inside. So we then had to go somwhere else. Anyway i came back the other day for this place. A saturday night. I arrived there at 2 am with three other white dudes. No problems getting inside, no cover. but the place sucks. small dance floor. uggly people. not good music. but you get what u pay for. otherwise the restaurant looked were beautiful and big. didnt stay there for much. and actually on the way out we met some georgeous girls. so not that bad after all. A LOT OF ASSIANS.
As a native New Yorker, The Park is certainly not my cup of tea for a drinking/party scene.  I've been here several times and find that some enjoy it because of its décor, free admission, and space.  I personally do not like the attitude that some of the bartenders have.  I especially find that there is an inconsistency with admissions.  On one night, my friend couldn't get in because the doorman claims he saw someone else with the same resemblance/name enter.  Not only did he imply that Asians look alike, but he requested another form on ID other than a valid NYS-issued driver's license.  My friend didn't have one, so I suggested showing him her Facebook account as a valid form of identification - he didn't think it was funny.  We still got in after speaking with management. Crowd: Mix crowd (predominately Asian) Drinks: Standard drinks, but expensive. Music: Mix (mostly hip-hop), but terrible DJ Tips: 1. Have a good female to male ration. (For Men)   2. Don't dress to sloppy and no sneakers (For Men) 3. Bring more than one ID (if you're Asian)
Atmosphere: wonderful. Food: left something to be desired. Service: standard, friendly. Consider The Park if you're looking for a decent restaurant that comes with a "gimmick" on the west side of Manhattan.  I can easily say that the strength of the restaurant is the woodsy, outdoors-like feel of the dining area, which is wonderful for spring/summer/fall dining. I went with my lady friend, Elite Yelper Tarra T (check her out!), and we started with drinks at the bar (without a reservation, we had about a 10 min wait). Standard cocktails, nice barkeep = good way to start dinner. Upon being seated, we perused the menu and decided to explore the Crab Cakes with mango papaya chutney and chipotle aioli ($12).  These little morsels were delectable, although very small in size and quantity. I ordered the Rigatoni with oven roasted plum tomatoes, olives, and basil.  Aside from the pasta lacking much taste, the dish was heavy on the olives.  You'd have to be Popeye The Sailorman (circa 1953) to want to get down on that much olive.  I finished my plate, because I hate wasting food, but I was left feeling slightly dissatisfied. The service was what one would expect: friendly, un-annoying (pretty sure I just made that word up), and with a smile (sans Coke).   That being said, other dishes may really pop, but I would do The Park for the atmosphere primarily. Stay classy my foodie friends, Ev
Go here? : If  you work or live in the neighborhood and your Louboutin's are pinching too much to walk.   I give the Park 1 Star just for being the closest non-smelly establishment to my office. 2 Star because they let us basically take over the bar area every time someone leaves the company, or has a birthday. 3rd Star is because   they have an outside and an inside.
I went to a private party here last year and really enjoyed myself. I mostly just socialized and danced, so I don't have a review on the food.. I plan to definitely come back here just to party and dance with friends. The atmosphere in this place is absolutely beautiful and that is what sets it apart. It doesn't look like any other lounge or club in Manhattan. Look at the photos on their website to see what I mean.
this place is a piece of work. i really like the outdoor section. and a few years ago, i can sit outside, enjoy a drink and light up a cig. last time i visited this place, there were mosquitoes everywhere and i used to smoke to deter them but it was 11:55pm and i light up and the bouncer dude came by and demanded that i put it out. so i tried to reason w/ him and did so for a few minutes, and finally i put it out and the second i put it out, another dude next to me light up and it was midnight... here's another unfortunate event that happened there: as i was walking up the stairs from the bathroom, this idiot dropped a glass and the glass exploded and pieces of the glass hit my face as i was walking up...and i only got a shot of patron from the manager...sucks...
Huge venue with a top floor of clubbing, and the lower lever has an outside patio, inside lounge, and another bar in the back that plays hip-hop. We tried going upstairs, but, i kid you not, the bouncer chick was like, "don't go up there guys, ..it sucks! just stay down here, they have better music" .. so .. we believed her and stayed down stairs! Overall, it was a fun spot to hang out at .. with a cool downstairs bathroom and tatooed bartenders
I had the best lunch here today.  We got a great table on the patio outside, under a canopy of beautiful leafy trees.  The margaritas are sensational; made with real lime juice, not that syrupy cuervo crap.  I ordered a prosciutto pizza and it was amazingly good; fresh ingredients, leafy, fresh sauce.   The bar itself is gorgeous and the layout is entertaining.  There are a number of bars around every new corner, so the place stays vibrant, since if you're bored, you just move onto the next bar. I'll always come meet you at the Park for a drink.
Oh if a restaurant ever was in need to learn how to recover from a poor guest experience, this is the place! I will start this off by saying...I couldn't stop laughing after it was over...and this was about a 2 1/2 hour lunch experience for 2 people! Arrived to a 15 minute wait when the restaurant was half empty; few servers probably called out sick, it happens. Took about 10 minutes for a bartender to offer something while we were waiting. The 15 minute to get our table wait turned into a 30 minute wait. Got to the table and then it took about 10 minutes to get water and then an additional 5 or 10 minutes to take our drink order and actually get them. My girlfriend's was brought first, and then my beer about 10 minutes later (Guinness should not have hints of Skoal dip). The waitress was very nice and was very good about confirming the order. My girlfriend had a veggie burger and I ordered the Chef's Burger (beef burger with short rib, cheddar and mushrooms). The burger was supposed to come with blue cheese but instead I asked to substitue it for the cheddar. Then we both ordered side salads to come with the burgers and got rosemary fries to share (very good fries). The food arrived about 30 minutes later, my girlfriend's order was accurate, but mine of course came with blue cheese. I then told the server that I would like a new one without blue cheese and I specifically asked to make sure that it was not just scraped off, but a new one was made. The new burger came back with a half melted cheddar cheese piece and blue cheese still on it. Here was the kicker, the blue cheese was still also scraped onto the plate, it literally looked as though the burger was picked up, scraped on the edge of the plate and a piece of cheddar put on the remaining burger. Had to send it back and when the new burger came back (over cooked) fries were on my plate instead of my salad! At this point we finished eating and then asked for the check. I thought I was in the clear and on my way out. But NO, there was something incorrectly charged on my check and that took another 10 to 15 minutes to get sorted out before I could actually pay and leave. The manager was present on the floor and did stop by the table after the billing portion was being corrected, but instead of offering an apology for the delay(s) she made excuses! Excuses do not work, just accept poor performance and try to recover! Oh and a bird pooped on the head of a lady sitting next to us.
The atmosphere is amazing! Everything else is only okay. One out of two drinks we ordered was good. The other tasted off and was not at all drinkable. The service was mediocre and mostly lacking. The food was overly salty. I would only go back to this place for the amazing atmosphere and if I had a coupon.
It's been a while since I had a post-midnight outing at The Park. I broke my lame "stay-at-home" streak to celebrate my friend's birthday. It wasn't a formal event; he didn't reserve a space or have a specific time. It was just come one, come all. And with no cover, how could I say no? We arrived around 12:30am, and there was a line outside. Thankfully, the line moved quickly, and we weren't too uncomfortable in the unseasonably warm January weather. Once inside, I remembered that the space is really beautiful. There's so much room in this place to dance, chill, drink, eat, whatever. In NYC, it's unusual to wait in line on a Saturday night and still have enough room to be comfortable. I love the decor - especially the lights on the trees. Indoor trees! There's a coat check downstairs, but we opted to keep our coats with us. We found my buddy dancing it up on the second floor, having a great time. I actually ran into a bunch of people I know, other than the party crowd, which was a great surprise. There were no belligerent, sloppy drunks; no obnoxious guys; and no crazy girls. Everyone was enjoying themselves. Drinks were on the expensive end, but with all the pros to The Park, I guess there have to be some cons, right?
Went here for Sunday brunch and really liked it...  The outdoor area is lovely - you can almost imagine that you're not in a bustling metropolis.  Loved the trees and tables and the decor was funky without trying too hard. Food was great too: I ordered the smoked salmon scramble which was yummy.  It came with home fries, and I find oftentimes places struggle to get these right, but not here.  The taste and texture were spot on and complimented eggs well (which is really all you can ask for home fries).  My friend ordered fresh fruit and waffles which were also good: the waffles were a nice crunchy/soft texture and not overly sweet - which of course we then made up for by drenching them in syrup. Only downside was the service which could have been quicker, but hey, it's a Sunday, I would probably have complained if I'd felt rushed.  Overall, definitely worth the trip down town, especially if the weather is nice!!
Came here Saturday night with a group of friends. Overall it was a pretty fun experience. The park theme inside was pretty cool. There was a good mix of music and there were bars on the ground floor and upstairs. Things not to like about the place: 1) Got there around 12:20 or so and we had to wait in a line that stretched down the block til almost 1 am before we got in. And once we got in, there was TONS of room inside. Gotta love bars trying to give the impression of being exclusive. 2) Drinks are pretty overpriced. 8 bucks for a bud light bottle, and 10 or 11 bucks for a crappy well drink. But if you're looking for a night dancing and you grab some drinks elsewhere first, this was a fun place to check out.
Pretty good. Love the atmosphere!!!
Very cute! People say it was cool 10 years ago ... I argue that it still is. Having dinner on the patio is a great after work escape. Weird comment but the only thing that bothered me was I felt they were trying too hard to use boring wine and cocktail glasses.
I didn't even want to come back ever again. The service is the worst the start with just the reservation. I called to see if they have party of 14, the rep put me on hold for 15mins, and then drop my call. After I call back, she just said there is no available space for party of 14 and drop my call again. Who would ever appreciate this kind of service? Just that they are located at Chelsea, they should serve like one. Such a rude thing to do. I wouldn't even want to give a star at all. But for posting it, I will.
Its nice decor, but there was no dj in upstairs, people was just standing. Speaker should be loud and clear in upstairs.
The dance floor is big enough,lots of seat and reasonable priced drinks. The music is loud enough. Lots of hot asian girls and some hot dudes. Me and my friends were there at 1am and the line wasn't terrible. no cover. great fun time! The interior design is very jap. pretty mixed crowd. ugly friendly :)
Very slow serving! The soup of today was bad. The pizzas were not properly baked. But the potatoes was fantastic.
My overall feeling is: this is a cheap Park. On the outside, they have this neon "Park" sign where I thought I was walking into some random parking garage out on the West side. The inside is huge, and each area has a different feel to it. You've got the wooden dining area, the "outdoorsy" park area along with trees, and the upstairs dance floor/bar. Again, overall, the inside decor felt a bit cheap to me. There are lantern decorations hanging on the second floor ceiling. Also I was introduced to a tiny jacuzzi, which I heard opens up at times.  Like other reviewers have said, too much going on here and it just feels weird. No cover, so it is literally cheap (although the pricey, tiny drinks make up for that). I'm giving it a 4 nonetheless because I had a semi decent time. Music was okay. The female DJ that was doing the music that night did not mix up any songs, so it could have been much better. However, the crowds poured in and the dancefloor on the second floor was completely packed. People were having fun, I was having some fun, and I might even return!
Had dinner with my wife. Very good service.  Food was good also Got a parking spot right in front of the restaurant.  If your a person who doesn't like bugs or leaves to fall on your food don't sit in the garden. We did and like the outdoor feel just remember it ground level and enclosed- like a greenhouse
Excellent brunch. Reasonably priced for the area. Fantastic setting. Waiter was a bit slow, but hey, nothing is perfect. I will definitely be going back.
Arrived early with a very large group of people and two of us were turned away at the door for allegedly having "fake" IDs. The IDs were REAL, and they had multiple forms of picture identification! The bouncers have absolutely no idea how to check IDs and no idea how to talk to people without being incredibly rude and dismissive. Since they wouldn't let our friends in, the entire group left -- that's 25 unhappy people with valid IDs who will certainly tell others about their inconvenient experience. We went to several other bars that night and all of us of course got in without issue. We certainly won't try going to The Park again... we couldn't get in with our state-issued drivers licenses!
The Park appeals to all.  Want to have dinner in a comfortable booth?  sure.  There are several bar areas to mingle at, an upstairs open patio to dance and even a hot tub for those crazy drunkards to jump into and shake their wet groove thang on. I have been frequenting The Park for the following reasons: 1.  No cover!!  There is never any fee to get in and as long as you're of age, you're almost in.. unless.. see #2 2. On the weekends, if you are a guy, you may need a female to accompany you in.  This is to ensure a good male:female ratio.   3. Decent parking area. 4. The music is eh, okay.  It could be better but the female DJ upstairs takes requests.  So, if you want to hear something, just go up to her and politely ask. 5. Decor - I'm not sure if this is an attraction but the decor is a bit weird.  There are stuffed birds behind the back bar on the 1st floor.  While it's not the first thing that comes to mind when decorating a club, its intriguing and I can't stop lookin'... Upstairs is influenced by asian touches, with paper lanterns. One complaint is the lighting and lack of space.  They didn't think about spacial efficiency either.  WIth all the space they have, we are ALWAYS cramped no matter what.  If they moved the couches around, there would be much more dancing space which is why people are upstairs to begin with!!
I'm so glad I checked this place out despite the so-so Yelp reviews!  This place is HUGE!!  The decor is beautiful!  I must have walked by this place a hundred times before and never suspected it based on its exterior.  The atmosphere is chill.  Even the doormen are really nice!  There seemed to be a lot of guys here because entry is free for everyone at all times.  Good Top 40 music.  Too bad no one dances here though.  This is really more of a bar/lounge than a club.  Girls were only really dressed up if they were already clubbing in the area.   It's 3 stories, so girls in heels, beware when walking up and down those stairs.  There's only one bathroom and it's on the basement floor.  Unlike club BRs, it's clean and uncrowded.  I'll have to check out the restaurant during the daytime later.
If you want to have fun with friends at a well docorated & spacious night club with no snooty attitudes, The Park is where you want to be. I was amazed  at all the options I had once inside. There are about 4 different rooms and  rhe atmopshere is very fun and open. I really like the fact that they had indoor trees in spacious rooms.. It is very unique, and it gave way to a very inviting, fun, & earthy atmosphere. It looks like a great place to have brunch as well. The service was excellent and the music was your typical top 40.  You will not be disappointed.
I've been here a couple times and have found the food to be a little over priced but very delicious. The last time I came here was the big surprise.  A group of eight of us came in for a Sunday night dinner after seeing a play.  As the evening progressed, the music began morphing and the clientele started changing.  Before I knew it, we were in the middle of a huge gay dance party.  It was kind of awesome.
The Park offers a lot for a relatively low price. It's classy and nice to look at, the food is good, the service is good. It's quite large, as the other reviewers have said, but there are always a lot of people there. I had the filet mignon and a shared bottle of red. The wine list is pretty short and kind of crappy, but they're not trying to win any awards. The filet was cooked properly. I wish they provided us each with two glasses, though, since we had two bottles of wine.
The food and the service here never disappoint. Found this place by fluke years ago when the area was somewhat desolate, and still consider it one of my favorites for brunch. Sitting in the garden area you feel as though you're having brunch in Central Park, and now with the highline, there's a wonderful way to continue your airy morning after a delicious meal.
I absolutely had the best time here.  Everyone is very inviting.  The staff is more then helpful with any questions you may have, even those not pertaining to the restaurant.  The food and drinks we fairly priced and the service was attentive, yet not over bearing. But lets not forget the best part..the ambiance! It was a mix of elegant decor, old work charm, and the city park.  It was romantic, quant, and relaxing.  The mix of lights strung from trees and wooden fireplaces made it so that everything that one could as for was at this restaurant.  I suggest the salmon...devine!
We started off at 230 Fifth Ave and decided it was time to head to a place with much better music and a slightly better vibe.  The view wasn't nearly as good but the space again was really good.  It was humid out but it wasn't so bad inside.  The restaurant part of the place was empty except the bar area and they had another area where it was decorated like we were an outdoor garden/patio and they allowed smoking as well which was a bit odd.   The second floor, which wasn't nearly as big as the downstairs was dedicated to a DJ where they played hip hop, dance, and rap - the music was pretty good but it was quite packed.   We sat on the side enjoying our drinks for about an hour until we were asked to leave if we weren't ordering bottle service.  She was pretty cordial about it but I saw 15 - 20 other tables that didn't have one bottle on their table so I was a bit ticked off with that but we moved nevertheless since we were ready to get on the dancefloor.   Bonnie was leading the way but I lost her a few seconds later when I gut stuck between these two larger women - I mean I literally got stuck with my arms in the air and I couldn't move forwards, backwards, and obviously left or right.  It was kind of awkward cause I felt like a Gray's Papaya dog stuffed neatly in a toasted hot dog bun with no where to go.   We finally ended up on the dance floor and we were having fun until it got a bit too hot and the other female we went with started to get embarrassed with her man who apparenty loves to make faces, flexing, and punching motions when he's getting jiggy with it.   We headed downstairs to cool off a bit and order more drinks.  I wouldn't say this place isn't expensive but it wasn't as bad as 230 Fifth - we only paid $33 for 3 drinks and 2 glasses of water.  The wait staff wasn't as pushy as the folks at 230 Fifth but they weren't all that friendly either.  The only thing that I didn't care for but started to make sense afterwards was that they would card us every time we got drinks - resulting in us figuring out that this was an 18 and over establishment.  If they kept it over 21, I think there would have been more room on the dance floor and places to lounge.   For the last hour or so, we sat around chatting, debating, and enjoying each other's company.  Around 2AM we decided that it was time to catch some Gray Papaya's and head home.
Egh, I guess it was alright. I mean...I'm asian and all but didn't like the vibe. It had a better mix of asians and others than China club(which I will NEVER go back to) but I, for some reason, feel out of place in a pool os asians. Its a little wayy too big and pricey for an "okay" Dj. Decor is nice. Go with a  big group. Not a place to go with 2 - 5. Go with a large one since its too big and you feel like a fish in the ocean. Beers $7 shots are $11. Pricey side.
I love The Park! I have been here for dinner and the food and decor were great. I also have come for drinks many times and I love the multi-level setup and the dj never disappoints! It's a fun atmosphere to bring friends - one of my favorite bars in the area.
I though i had seen nice clubs. Now im ruined. This place is like a movie. multiple floors. Its a MOVIE!!
I have never dined here so I can't say anything about their food. But I came here numerous times after 12AM for their music and clubbing scene. Somehow it is predominantly Asian crowd with a mix of theirs as well. Drinks here are standard NYC club price and small. But it is free to get in and they have a cool balcony and music is decent. It is a perfect after party spot and I always come here if I don't have fun somewhere else.
What can one say about the Park. There's booze, there's dancing, there's no cover, there's them pretending they have a dress code, there's them pretending they have a line. Inside it is kind of nice. They have many different spaces, to suit whatever mood you and your friends  happen to be experiencing that moment. They have a pretend outdoor space, with a glass skylight roof, that kept leaking water on us. It was raining. I went for Pearl's birthday, so her cool friends may have rubbed off a bit on this review. I've giving the Park 4 stars. The crowd is youngish, mostly 20's & 30's, which is my cohort. Although sometimes I forget, 'cause I've spent a bit of time at events with the age-challenged the last few years, usually for work. People were very friendly. I like to think that the girls were just responding to a dapper dresser, and an infectious smile. Though, I don't entirely discount the effect of the social lubricant that was being dutifully dispensed by the bartenders. I hate to admit, but I may actually return sometime, especially if someone wants a wingman. It was definitely fun acting one's age again, even if it was at the Disneyland of the New York club scene.
Very nice courtyard- trees, flowers etc make this a very interesting and nice joint for some L (lunch). Note:  I had a turkey burger as my heart dictates a decrease in too much cow...the burger was too processed- it seemed that they can make a simple patty made of ground turkey instead of buying what they currently call "turkey burger" pre made patties.  Everything else was all good.
Nice place, has an internal patio with actual birds in it. The drinks are OK, and the place has decent space for groups etc. I'd go back with a group, and recommend it for groups too. They have a lovely bar next to the fire, looks great, but usually busy!
This is always my back-up go-to place in meatpacking. Not back-up in a bad way, but because I've been there so many times and know it's a guaranteed good time. Good sized crowd, good music (top 40, some hip hop, though I always wish for more hip hop/rap), and plenty plenty of space. The only reason I don't go all the time is because I've been there so much, and I like more hip hop, and the crowd is sometimes a little too young-professional and Asian (I'm Asian myself.. get sick of my own race sometimes =). There's a bar/lounge area downstairs. Plus there's another area - the garden - that's kind of like a half-outdoor atrium with really nice trees covered with white christmas lights. When my friends and I are tired and need a small break from clubbing upstairs, we always come down here and chill for a bit. Upstairs is the clubbing - a fairly large area but it gets crowded like any club. I like that they open up the windows so it's almost like being on a rooftop in the summer, and a nice breeze comes through. The crowd is pretty young, and fairly Asian, just an FYI. The bouncer has been a little bit of a dick and not let my guy friends in even though a few of us girls came out to even out the ratio.
The Park and I go waaaay back. It's a trusty old hang-out spot because it's always free, you can dress casually (sneakers...yes!!), and the music's pretty good. It can get insanely packed and that's when I usually jet. Because I hate being pushed and shoved and smacked. I also don't see a point in the couches up on the rooftop. It just takes up space, though they are handy during the winter. We just pile our jackets up on 'em. Why I'm not giving The Park more stars is because while partying, I've seen rats running around. So uhh...try not to dine there....yea...
This place was so delicious! Lots of variety on the menu - I was kind of bummed out because I wanted a cocktail but our server told me they didn't have a bartender on at the moment. But I ordered the skirt steak sandwich and it was unbelievable, good fries and bread too. We sat outside on the sidewalk and the scenery is really nice - the inside is beautiful too, I would definitely come back to eat here if I ever visit the city again.
I had lunch here yesterday. They have transformed and old parking area into a lush botanical airy place with lots of wood, trees, and windows. I loved the decor and ambiance, but it wasn't busy and my waitress didn't seem very attentive. Overall, good affordable food in a beautiful setting.
Came here for Father's Day dinner, it was so nice! We sat in the outdoor garden area and surprisingly it was not that crowded around 6pm. We ordered crab cakes, pizza with arugula and prosciutto, burgers and calamari. The food was good but I think the ambiance is what makes this place so special. You can enjoy the sun setting and look at the beautiful wall of climbing flowers which is relaxing. Tiramisu for dessert was really good, fresh and light! The manager, Veronica was very hospitable, wonderful service and overall experience. We talked with her and found out that The Park is owned by Eric Goode/Sean MacPherson of Bowery Hotel, B Bar, Waverly Inn etc....so I definitely felt that connection after dining here. I'd love to try the brunch menu!
If you are asian and like asian girls or asian guys and like being around only asians... then this is the place to go. No diversity except the music, and the music still sucked. I hate this place, but my asian friend dragged me here for the second time. I hate being nice because this place really ruined my night. I think there was one non-asian guy, but he was the bartender so he doesn't count. Did I mention that its an asian bar only? Jesus... OKOK, I won't be mean. The food for the restaurant is good. like 3 1/2 stars. the club itself sucks! Hey! the only thing not asian about this place is the food! I'm a genius.
By far one of the worst experiences I've had in Chelsea. We went there for brunch this past sunday. The food was absolutely horrible and took forever. The steak tasted like rubber and the eggs were overcooked. I don't know how this happens with 'over easy' seeing as how it's normally the other way around. Our 'bottled water' might as well have been from a brita filter (the bottles aren't sealed)  and the bartender must have been squeezing the oranges seeing as how the mimosas took a good 20 minutes. To top it all off, the coffee tasted like something you'd find at a gas station. The server was nice and the banana bread was good. Thats about it. great decor too.
Incredible atmosphere, but completely mediocre food.  Small, unsatisfying portions at very high prices.  The menu is deceptive and looks moderately priced, but when all is said and done around $50/person with appetizers, drinks, and food. There are a million better restaurants to go at that kind of price point which will give you not only something nice to look at, but something nice to eat.
Hands down the prettiest venue ever!!  And it's freakin' huge-there's about 3 rooms downstairs, and a couple more upstairs. The fireplace, ambiance, and decorations are lavish and exquisite-and there's always a free entrance.  You can come here after you walk the Highline and eat some Artichoke pizza afterwards. The drinks are pricey, but they are pretty good.  I've eaten here before too-the food is pretty good for decent prices.  Other than that-the music's good and you can utilize the place to have dinner, some lounge time (both downstairs), or go clubbing upstairs.  Talk about a great way to multitask.
Sean, the WORST general manager is responsible for this horrible review- This place is despicable! I made reservations a month ago for a party of 20 for my sisters going away brunch party. I discussed with the woman over the phone all the details and I was informed that I couldn't bring balloons because their ceilings are high, it would be no problem to split the check, and that they could seat us as the party arrived since it was a surprise. When we got there, all of a sudden they told us there would be a $60 charge for the cake we brought because they charged $3 a person since we were using their "silverware and china". I told them nobody informed me of this but they insisted that I was given this information over the phone. After speaking to the manager, he first asked if I could pay half of that price and when I still said no, he said fine he would wave the fee. All of a sudden SEAN the general manager comes over to our table and yells at us in front of everyone that he was taking away half of our table since our entire group had not arrived yet. There were many tables still available and yet he NEEDED specifically our table. We told him to give us 1 minute so we can call the rest of our friends who were arriving together to see where they were and he said "no! You don't get what i'm saying. I'm telling you that we are taking these tables away from you guys". He walked away and we were so upset that we asked our waiter for our check so we can leave. The supervisor came over and apologized about how the general manager treated us and he asked us to stay. He told us he would accommodate us and promise to make us happy. He said he would bring us a round of drinks if we please stayed. We agreed to stay so he walked away to get the drinks. All of a sudden, he comes back with our cake in his hands and he puts it down on our table and tells us "the general manager wants you all to leave right now" What??? He was disgustingly rude to us and I have NEVER been treated by this at a restaurant. Once again, SEAN is a horrible general manager. We had to take our cake and walk down 2 avenues to find a new restaurant. Disgusting.
The Inside of the restaurant is really cool. It's what attracted me and my friends to try it. There are huge trees growing in the "garden"/patio area. Very unique. the chairs weren't comfortable and I was a little afraid of the birds flying around. The food was good but not great. They definitely tried to have a twist on normal food (burgers, pizza, salads). I would go back but I probably wouldn't specifically choose to go. Good but nit great.
Ambiance itself is worth going for, but the food and drinks make it worth coming back to.  It's extremely spacious, so the wait is short.  The food was delicious and the drinks were well made.  The wait staff and management was very attentive the whole time.  They made sunday brunch easy and comfortable.  Will definitely be back again soon.
Not really a bar or a club atmosphere.   It has more a gigantic cafe vibe. Cute seating areas next to several fire places, trees inside lit up with lights, you can difinately find your little corner and hang out. Come here early and you will definately get that vibe. Come here after midnight and the lounge/dance floor opens up and they start pumping the music. We went on a Friday night for some drinks after dinner and it wasnt packed, it wasnt empty, just some people dancing in the lounge. Oh well, we got a good table and we were enjoying ourselves anyways. But thats the point.  There are lots of little cozy places in this big place where you can park and have drinks or you can dance if you want to. Drinks are pretty decent.  Not like "omg its so freaking good" good, but good enough. They also have food so you can eat as well. Over all a very nice experience.
Used to come here A LOT my first year living in the city.  I don't know if I feel too old for this place now or it's gotten worst and more lame.  This is probably the easiest place to get into in Meatpacking for guys.  The age ranges from people with fakes to about 23.  A mix of people, and I mean a mix, but you'll see probably 10-15% of the folks will be Asian.  Lots of kids from NJ come through, lines can go down the block but you won't wait longer than 30 minutes.  For out of towners, this is a good place to go if you want to ensure entrance without being hassled, it's huge, a bar right when you get inside, a foresty area with lots of tables, and another lounge area downstairs with booths, but everyone goes upstairs.  Find a lot of people mostly hanging with their cliques, and the crowd is meh.  You don't have to dress to the dime to come here, so take that how you will.
yum
Lovely restaurant in Chelsea with beautiful decor, indoors and in their open air atrium (heated during winter). Excellent food, expertly made drinks (thee best dirty martini)
There's nothing great about it, but nothing bad either. Huge space with restaurant, bar, and upstairs dance floor. It's possible to make an entire evening of this place, starting with dinner downstairs in the garden area, drinks at the bar, and dancing the rest of the night.   Music is usually pretty decent (90s jams/hip hop) as long as there's a DJ who knows how to mix tracks properly. I've been here during a night where the DJ was literally stopping each track to switch to another. Eeesh. Crowd can be rather questionable. Once I ran into a group of B and T trash (we're talking big hair, oompa-loompa tanned Jersey Shore) who were loudly complaining that the whole place was like a UN convention.  They themselves didn't seem like much to speak of, but they do have a point. It does get a bit overrun by Asians. And sometimes I just want to kick the "bros" who like to stand in the middle of the dance floor holding a beer. Seriously?? You don't look cool, you're not impressing any chicks, and you're in the FREAKIN' way! It's a dance floor, dude. Either dance with the rest of us or get off. But all in all, this place serves pretty well as a fail-safe plan to take a group of people when everywhere else is booked or too expensive.
We went there to celebrate a friend's birthday.  Plan was to have dinner and then head upstairs to the rooftop. The food was not what I expected.  It was too salty or just so-so.  We were a bit disappointed. The rooftop was cute and convenient.   Overall, I'd probably go back but not for dinner.
Ehh
Great decor, the food is okay, and the service is okay. A good place to eat if everywhere else is busy though. I heard it has much better brunches than dinners.
The food is decent and the atmosphere is great.  My friends and I went last night for a birthday party and we were seated at the left of the "outdoor" room (looking in from 10th avenue), next to the big stone wall.  The reason that I can only give The Park one star is because that wall is INFESTED with mice.  We all saw multiple mice running around there and in some cases running around the grassy area that is directly next to the seats.  We did see one mouse take off into the restaurant towards all the rest of the table.  We told our waiter and he apologized and said they were trying traps.  We were pretty skeeved out!
Really... my rating is between 3-4 stars.  It depends what you're here for.  Are you here for a classy dinner? Or a night out? Classy dinner=4 stars (can't give it 5 just because I came here for a night out.. but it does seem very nice for a dinner.  I definitely would come back here to eat) Night out=3 stars. I came here for my 21st birthday celebration.  I might have been mistaken (I don't know how or why) but I expected more of a lounge-y type of feeling.  It's not to say that made my experience any worse. From the outside view, I was a little thrown off (partially because I expected 'The Park' to be a lounge).  It looked more like a restaurant... and I came here to drink... for my 21st birthday.  I thought "shoot" ... but my friends and I entered in and a worker lead us to the cocktail area.  As I was walking past the diners, I thought "Oh wow, I would love to try here for dinner."  The place was a pretty dim setting, and from what I remember, there could have been a lot of bright candle lights (don't take my word for it because I was more concentrated on thinking what I was going to do if this place wasn't suitable for drinking. This place, I have to say, is very pretty and almost felt like we were dining (or drinking) outside near Rockefeller enter.  They made the area look like outside (with mini trees, plants, christmas lights, etc) but if you look above, you'll see skylights (so the whole area is protected from the cold outside weather).  I loved the fact that I was able to be in this kind of environment in a dress during winter time.  Drink-wise, there's only a moderate amount of variety.  I was planning to have a 151, but they didn't have it, so I settled for Bombay.  My girlfriends and I waited until midnight, since we knew that was when the dance floor was going to open upstairs.  When we went, it was.... so dead.  The music was definitely not loud enough to get the party started.  Therefore, we all decided to head down to another club. I would say, come here for a dinner date. :) Note: The service was pretty good.  My waitress always kept checking up on us to see if we needed anything else.
This is for their after hours club since I have never eaten here. Pretty huge space to wander around in, I think 2 or 3 floors. Plenty of room to dance. No strict door policy which was nice not worrying whether the crowd you're with is getting in or not. Also no cover. Crowd is diverse. I have been here on nights it was predominantly Asian and also on nights it was absolutely diverse (aka all colors of the rainbow). Random lights and trees as decor are pretty cool I guess, makes sense since its "the park".
A couple of years ago, this used to be my favorite brunch place.  The room is beautiful and the food was excellent (notice how I changed tenses there).  I went this past weekend and while the place is as lovely as ever, something has changed with the food and it isn't for the better.  First problem is that the delicious banana nut bread they used to put on the table is not free anymore.  Okay fine, I ordered it anyway.  I would have been glad to pay for it if it wasn't dry and tasteless.  Second, they used to serve lattes in a big cup that looked more like a bowl.  Now you get a small cup that literally looks like it's been swiped from a diner.  If they needed to cut back on some of the gratis items and big servings, fine, understandable.  Unfortunately, what's not forgivable is the quality of the food.  The eggs I got came with a salmon/potato hash that had chopped up salmon which smelled and tasted like it was leftover from last night. This is the last straw that's ended my association with The Park.  Old fish first thing in the morning is a deal breaker. Too bad, because this place is right across the street from the High Line and could be great.  Let me know when you get a new manager and head chef.
So the first time I passed by this restaurant was years ago - like 11 years ago.  I told myself that one day I have to check this place out and I'm really sad that I have to give them 2 stars.... Came here for dinner last month on a Monday night.  Very quiet, large space with two portions - one where there is an outside, open during the warm summer months.  My friend and I were first seated in the garden, which is absolutely gorgeous.  We were like  tourists - open mouthed, taking pictures.  Trees and walls were lit and just looked so warm, inviting and romantic.  Funny thing though - as we were deciding on what to eat, a bird - yes, a bird - POOPED on my friends menu!!!  We asked to be moved only b/c we were just planning on eating food that night, but apparently these are not birds bred by the restaurant, but birds of NY that find their way in - the garden is supposed to be open, but apparently not all closed up in winter months....it was hilarious, but probably not something you'd want to happen when eating.... Onto the food: to start, the carrot ginger coconut soup....it was good, however I expected it to be better.  I didn't really taste the ginger, but you can taste the sweet carrot and creamy coconut flavors.  We also ordered the risotto croquettes to share -O M G.  Now those were some damn good balls - For the entrée I ordered the butternut squash gnudi (which is a type of pasta) with pumpkin seed pesto.  It was sweet and actually aromatic.  Sadly enough, I expected more - I mean, how can you not when you see pumpkin seed pesto? Ok, so for the food, not that crazy - maybe just a great place for drinks and snacking on the croquettes.   The ambiance is very calming and I imagine this to be a great spot during the warmer months because the garden really is gorgeous.  But overall, I'm slightly disappointed with the food as I truly did expect more...
I spent New Years Eve 2006 here, and despite the man to man combat required to get to one of the two bars (and then service from one of the two bartenders at each bar) ended up having a really good time. The place is big enough to have plenty of room to move around, the drinks were good, and the food was impressive, for a buffet. Was it worth the $130 ticket? I'm still undecided on that. But it was definitely a fun place to spend New Years Eve.
(i know it's my spring break, but this math teacher just cant help herself) math lesson of the day!* aim: what does a ratio represent? let y = number of ladies granted entrance into the park let x = number of gents granted entrance into the park at the park, the following inequality must be true: y greater than or equal to x. let's divide both sides by x. we are now left with the following inequality: y/x greater than or equal to 1. a ratio is a comparison of 2 quantities. the ratio of y to x is greater than or equal to 1. the ratio ladies to gents must be greater than or equal to 1**.   pop quiz!  [a little segue into my lesson on proportions..] if there are 5 gents, how many ladies must be present in his party? a. 0 b. 1 c. 4 d. none of the above. e. all of the above. *if you dont want to sit through a math lesson, skip to this part of the review: **TRANSLATION: there must be at least one lady for each gent to enter this fine establishment.  if you need to call your lady friend who is already inside to come outside and escort you inside, well.. you wouldnt be the first to do so. the inside is huuuuge - the bottom floor has several bars with bar stools, lots of standing room, some couches to lounge on, as well as an outdoor area with trees and tables and benches, oh my!  the upstairs has another bar, a live dj spinning the freshest hip hop, plenty of space for a dance floor, and an outdoor hot tub.  seriously. not sure why specifically, but the asians love and flock to this place. ...myself included :D
I went there a couple weeks ago and it was good. Met up with alot of people here since i figured it would be hassle free and no cover. Place is nice and spacious but it was really crowded which should be expected on a friday. We go upstairs where the music is and its really really crowded. Got a table cuz cant really bare standing up squashed. Music was good, people were dancing to it. Hard to get a drink at the bar with so many people there. Lotsa asians which I dont mind since I'm asian also. No drama. So for a place to just relax and have fun, this would be a place to go
I had a great time here!  It's huge, fun to explore, and has lots of different places to hang out or dance.  Great for groups.  I can't comment on the food, or the service at all really, since I just went to the bar and danced with my friends upstairs.  The bars seem to have enough bartenders who can handle the crowd, so I never had to wait too long for a drink.  Also Artichoke is next door, which is fantastically tempting... Cons - I hate when places have bathroom attendants, and especially when the bathrooms aren't very clean anyway!  And $9 well drinks were pretty weak.  Sigh.  But I'd come back, despite all that.
This place is massive and there's something for everyone here! I celebrated my birthday at The Park knowing that it would satisfy everyone's needs. There's no cover, a dance floor for friends who like to dance, an outdoor deck for smokers, a bar/lounge area for friends who don't dance, a mixed crowd and most importantly, decently priced drinks! The rooftop lounge/dance floor doesn't open until after 12am so I suggest coming later in the night. If you arrive early, you can always relax at the bar downstairs or have dinner at the restaurant, as I did. The food wasn't very memorable but the service was great (maybe because our waiter was cute and foreign!). Also, I believe that this place used to be a parking garage which is kind of cool. I would definitely recommend checking out The Park if you haven't already!
Massive club just like all the meatpacking clubs, and there is no cover... That's a good start. Good crowd, largely Asian and South Asian, and what would you know, I was there with a herd of Indians myself. Very straight though, and the place is almost too big. I've always had fun because they play a good variety of music and the dance floor is always packed but then again, clubbing seems so college days.
pluses: no cover, great ground floor to chill and cool off your feet, lots of places to sit. great patio upstairs to dance and get some air. good music minuses: not a diverse crowd (mostly asians) and you don't get to hear the music that well on the patio.
Ok so here goes a review for brunch and their night scene: Brunch- this place is not the spot for brunch. Offering no bottomless specials and a basic menu. only two rooms are open for use during brunch. I was disappointed at food - it seems like they are too cheap to hire two chefs (one day and one night shift).  Day time menu is nothing special and overpriced.I understand its in the meatpacking district but still.  The crowd is more family oriented during the day. Nightlife scene- this is where things get interesting folks!! I came here for a friends bday with a large group of friends. The venue is quite inclusive so we were able to party it up. Beware the place can get overly packed! Overall good dj..mixed crowd and dinner menu has a bit more to offer than their brunch menu. I enjoyed the fact they had different music in each room . If your feeling saucy though, watch out for the stairs cus they can be tricky here after a few drinks my recommendation: this place is best for the night scene only, especially if you like to dance! its a beautiful venue so enjoy!
On New Years Day, my friends and I were walking the High Line and decided to get dinner at the Park. We thought it would be nice to eat in the garden, so we chose that section when the hostess asked us. And it was nice, for all of five minutes before a bird started pooping on our table and we couldn't find our waitress because it appears she was also seating people and bussing tables, too. I am kind of aghast as to why the hostess-slash-waitress wouldn't warn us about these issues when choosing to eat in the Garden part of the restaurant. After the third incident, when a bird pooped on my friend's menu/hand, we asked to be relocated into the dining room, where subpar and slow service continued and nothing special food was delivered. The last straw for me was receiving the bill and having absolutely nothing comped for the trouble of birds pooping on us. I do not tend to expect things, but I'd think we'd at least get our drinks comped for A) not being told about this potential issue and B) having a bird actually poop on one of our party. Alas, can't say I'm coming back here again. Cause. Seriously. Birds pooping on our table.
This is one of my favorite places to hang out with my friends after midnight because there's never any problem getting in even with a large group and no cover charge is always a big plus!! I've been coming here for almost 6 years and I believe there's no dress code like other pretentious clubs in the area. It's a cool place to impress your out-of-town friends, I've brought a couple of visiting friends from Italy, and they all loved it. Personally I love the atrium area at night, it's beautiful, hip, and romantic with all the tree lights. The upstairs can get loud and more clubby after midnight but the atrium area is always a great place to have a relaxed low-key night to chat with friends over a nice cocktail and good fries. The food in general is inexpensive and OK, but drinks are expensive (around $12-14). I wouldn't recommend this place if you are looking for dance scene, go to Hiro which is only 1 block away if you are expecting to dance away the night.
In a nutshell, I'm not impressed.  Looks nice, but the food was crap, at least what I had, which was admittedly only "roasted tomato & fennel soup" and coffee.  The "soup" tasted like watered down tomato sauce straight from a can...no flavor at all.  The coffee was weak and NO ONE CAME BY TO SEE IF I WANTED A REFILL.  In fact, the service in this place sucks the big trouser-mouse!!  The people we were meeting for brunch got here before us and they were apoplectic about how bad the service was.  I will never return....bad service, bad attitude from staff, and bad food do not a successful restaurant make.
Ive been here for brunch like a year or so ago, it was delicious!  And I've also been here for happy hour.  Both times I was very pleased.  When we had brunch I was with my sisters and we were seated in a comfortable large booth. Our service was prompt and everyone loved their food. When I came around happy hour it was a Friday around 6pm and I was on a date.  We were seated in the back area and at first it was super hot but then they turned on these huge fans and it was very relaxing and comfortable.  We had great prompt service.  Both my date and our cocktail waitress made sure my glass was never empty. I heard this place becomes like a club at night so I will be back later to check that scene out.
Cool place with lots of open area, ample seating and standing, full dance floor, a few bars, and no cover.  Drinks are typical of Manhattan and the music really depends on who is DJing that night.  It was fun enough that we stayed until closing time, even though we had another destination in mind.  The fact that there are lots of 'open' areas to explore and shuffle around makes for more opportunities for better conversation.  Instead of yelling into someone's ear all night, just take it outside to the fireplace or patio area.  Cool times.
1/3 full restaurant + 20 minute wait at said 1/3 full restaurant + condescending hostess = not awesome experience.
The decor is beautiful, and the house salad is good, but those are the only positives things I have to say.  The service was terrible, I mean really bad.  Our waiter didn't know what was in any of the dishes we ordered and we waited FOREVER for our meals. .I am pretty sure he forgot to put them in. The dessert was probably the most disappointing.  The banana wontons were great, but the sorbet and the cookie platter was embarrassing.  Also, just an observation, there was an unusual amount of Asians there.  Don't waste your money or time.
Our waiter was adorable and accommodating, but at times forgetful and was easily distracted. He actually didn't finish seating us because a friend of his popped up and he went to go talk to them. Also, I had to go and find him to ask for silverware. The food was like eating a TV dinner. I had the "homemade" potato gnocchi and it tasted like Campbell's chicken and dumplings soup with too much garnish on top. Some of the best Italian food in the U.S. is in NYC and this place should either hire a chef that can make Italian food or remove it from their menu. The food was very bland and if there was flavor they are clashed with one another. I could not eat any part of the entree and neither could my partner. The escarole salad was good after one bite. The salad was so sour and tangy from the vinaigrette that it over powered the salad. The dessert ended up being my only meal; an ice cream sundae. My partner's meal was only the apple crisp a la mode which wasn't too flavorful either. I gave 2 stars because the ambiance of the place is stylish, warm and sophisticated. I only wish I could say the same about the food. We won't be going back.
This place is huge. a former garage converted into a 1000 seater restaurant/bar. It has good food, a nice bar and a large dance floor on the top. It is perfect for large dinner parties of more than twenty people. They have a lot of space!!!  The entire place is broken down into different sections. They have a closed rooftoop outdoor seating area with lit trees. You would think you are in a park. They also have a cosy fireplace with couches and several booths tucked away as different sections. It is always packed though the bouncer is not mean like some of the other new york clubs. I recommend going in as a even group of guys and girls if you go just for drinks and the dance floor.  If you get lucky you could schmooze with all the broadway stars who hang out here regularly.
Terrible service and the food was not very good. Host guy upfront had a very pompous prick attitude. I hate to write slamming reviews but this place was just so bad. Go to Moran's up the street. Much better food and service.
im not much of a reviewer but i feel like i need to get this off my chest. came here with friends after being told that there was 40 minute wait at CookShop. looked at the brunch menu and decided to come here instead. the park is great looking, i will give it that. our server was a very friendly and attentive at first. about 15 minutes after we placed our orders, i was told that turkey burger was not available. i said "NO PROB MAKE IT BEEF :) " these things happen. see? im not a pain in the ass. food arrived and was cold, flavorless and totally run of the mill. actually, i couldve gotten a better quality brunch at any old diner off the nj turnpike. we were VERY disappointed. all you'll get is ambiance and character - but the food is very high school cafeteria depressing.
I don't like this place.  It's ultra crowded, drinks are expensive, and people smoke pot in the outside area.  It takes 30 minutes so you can pay $10 for a drink (which, to their credit, are actually pretty strong).  You also have to wait 30 minutes to visit their privileged upper deck. I guess this place is good for parties because it can accommodate a lot of people, but eh, I still don't like it that much.
I'll start out by saying something nice:  The food was good.  Overpriced, but good.  (Okay, so it was something *kinda* nice.  I can only work with what I've got.) That said, we waited over an hour for sandwiches during a lunch service that was, ah, not exactly jam-packed.  I was willing to forgive the inconvenience -- stuff happens, and hey, a hostess at least made the rounds to apologize to the room for the wait.  It would have been nice to be offered a comp round of drinks or something, but at least it was an apology. What was far less forgivable, though, was the attitude the waiter copped when he somehow LOST MY CREDIT CARD.  Seriously.  Somewhere in the handful of yards between the waiters' station and us, he misplaced the card and returned the receipts without it, then responded with snark when we requested he find the card.  Thankfully, someone else on staff found it quickly -- in fact, in about the amount of time it took for the waiter to be obnoxious, driving home the ridiculousness of his response. Factor all this in, and you've got a sum simply not worth its parts.  I don't think I'll be revisiting The Park.
Went here after a disappointing time at Opus 22. Ok minus 1 star for the fact that 20 something were practically stretching their calves and doing warm ups in attempt to run up stairs to the loft area when they lifted the ropes. The music was fresh but it wasn't making me want to dance and it was so crowded throughout that I had panic attacks as I imagined what would happen in case of a fire. (I had already decided to rapel down the roof) I was afraid to get out of my seat for fear that it would immediately disappear and I was much more interested in people watching than accidentally grinding with some weirdo on the dance floor.
Best place I've seen n a long time. The atmosphere/vibe is 1 of the best I've seen n the city.
What is it about the Park that I simply hate to love? -I'm not too enthusiastic about the crowd, although i rarely ever pay mind. -Doesn't ever get too crowded....wait.. I'm actually complaining about this? -Certain floors have way too much lighting -Top floor, best part about the park, love it... but it gets too damn hot & stuffy -NEVER encountered shady guys here yet...so maybe that's the best part.... -ok.... no Christiania or Ciroc.. WTF this is NEW YORK people! Hmm.... do i love to hate?  No, not really.  the Park is like my constant, steady flow of entertainment.  I can never really get bored here...and at the same token, I know I can never go too crazy here either.  So when I'm in between moods.... this is the place I'd probably run to.
I walk by this place everyday, but finally stopped in on a whim with my parents who were visiting from out of town. What a perfect choice! First of all, the service was great. Our waiter was friendly and totally accommodating. We started with beer and suckling pig pate. Yum. For dinner, I had the butternut squash raviolli, my mom the dorada, and her husband the egg and polenta. Everything was cooked perfectly to the point where we kept sharing bites of our food because we were all so impressed at how good everything was. In the end, the price was completely reasonable for the meals we had eaten. Also, the interior of this place is really cool - I love the outdoors feeling of the atrium area. Great experience! I would definitely go back.
I love the myriad ground floor, its excessive, swanky, powerful, and I had fun looking at it but I needed a drink. I went on a Saturday night where the NYU crowd was insane because it was graduation week. It was crowded as fark that night, and yes its a large space but for that many people certain areas were really tight, the left side of the bar as well as when the space narrows to the right of the main square area. I ended up staying until closing that evening, we had to exit out the backway and some kid was getting really furious because another kid bumped into him. I wasn't into the college crowd here at all, I think if there was a post-college vibe it would have at least been more intriguing. The music was terrible, there was actually more standing around than anything else except this one group who looked like they probably should have been partying at Finnerty's instead, they were hamming it up to a great degree. The one really tall girl in the group was doing these weird Elaine-ish gyrations and finally pulled one of my favorites, the one hand behind the head, other hand grabbing one ankle and pulling the leg back and bringing it up to the chest and back again. I paid 7 bucks for a bottle of beer. I didn't have too many. Just went there again for GenArt opening night party, and my one question is this: How the shit did they get that Acura SUV inside the goddamn place? Oh and now my Yelp hoodie has blood on it because I broke up a fight outside. Now it's a toughie, not a hoodie. Rawk!
Go for Drinks ~ Great Space but the Food is BAD.   It has Very average bar food.  The server was terribly confused and had no manners but other staff seemed to know what was up.  The roof is great if you can get up there.  It's more a corporate crowd.
All I can say, this place rocks. 1. 3 stories including two outdoor patios 2. No cover 3. Causal but many people still dress to impress 4. DJ plays top 40 - the crowd went wild when Lets Dance played 5. Drinks are moderately priced. Ie. Two shots of goose and red bull = $24 6. Mixed crowd - predominately Asians 7. It gets really crowded on Saturday but since the place is so big it really doesn't matter. I wish SF's clubs/lounges were more like New York. All in all, The Park is a perfect place for a night on a town with your friends.
This place is huge it never ends!  When you walk in take note where the bathroom is.  Because you will have to track your way back there like an Indian tracker and you will really have to go by the time you find it, TRUST ME!   The drinks are good and the staff is nice.  I have not had the food so I won't even try and comment. If you want a place that has a really cool outdoor vibe come here!  It is like a restaurant in the park but inside.
Staff was friendly and went way out of their way to help our group of 15!  The Steak was awesome!
The decor was pretty.  Service was horrible.  I had to go find someone to wait on us after sitting about 20 minutes.  The hostess took our drink orders, lunch order ("so it will be easier").  We probably waited 40 or more minutes for our lunch to arrive. No refills on our water. Other tables were given good looking break with oil. When our lunch arrived, I was brought the wrong lunch. I chose to accept it because we waited so long, and were extremely hungry by now.  The meat was blue it was so raw. I requested Med.  We had to track down a waiter to ask for the lunch to returned to the kitchen. This waiter just about stuck his nose in my lunch and tried to tell me it was med.  I said I wanted to send it back. He took it back to the kitchen. The meat was med. well, but I was so hungry, I just ate it. (Remember it wasn't even the lunch I ordered. Our water was never refilled. We waited a long time for the check, and then waited a long time for the bill to be completed.
It's been a little less than year and I've given my word in trying this place out again. Although originally, the 9 of us wanted to go to Circle, we ended up here since there was no line to get in. The place was pretty crowded as we headed upstairs. We grabbed a drink (shot of tequila $11) then headed to the dance floor. When we first started dancing, the DJ was spinning good songs but he never played the whole song. He played a couple of minutes (yes, just a couple minutes!) then would switch to some other song. It was quite annoying...but later in the night he (I think the DJ switched?) actually played whole songs through. The only thing this place is good for is no cover charge and the space is pretty trendy looking (I wonder what it's like during the day time). I'll have to find another place with better beats...
I've never eaten here but I'm part of the late crowd that comes here for the good drinks and the great dance music. I love this spot! It's so beautiful, the drinks are pretty stiff and the music is perfect to dance to.
came here for dinner. seated in garden. sick ambiance. trees and bushes in the middle of the restaurant. definitely felt like i was in a park. roomy restaurant. nice looking bar. ordered a speciality cocktail- tasted absolutely horrible. so bad i had to change it. literally tasted like lysol. plus it took 15-20 minutes for it to come. lamb meatballs- not bad at all. were tasty. pizza- very average. have had better slices at corner pizza shops. friend had the salmon- very salty. almost unbearable. i had rigatoni- very weak. almost tasteless. overall really nice setting, but food was very bland.
Great choice for groups if you find yourself in the area.  Menu offers something for everyone -- kids, vegetarians, nibblers, suburbanites, boozers.  And the decor is, as always, magical.  Trees, lightning bug lighting, outdoors brought inside -- it all works.
Holy crap. What happened? There are so many more people than I remembered. It's so frickin hot. The group of people standing by the couches stink. Some of the DJs suck. This was a staple place for clubbing (at least for me, yes, it's that sad), but I really need to find a better place. It's almost all asian and indian and a few white and black people here and there. Don't come unless you have yellow fever and you like older men. The majority of the people here are older than I remembered?!!! This is my main thought of the night 'Wait what? How old are you? No...no...you can't pick me up....You were um....16 when I was born..."
A beautiful restaurant filled with beautiful people! Amazing ambience, sensual lighting, indoor trees, and cozy fireplaces with owl shaped andirons. However, don't expect to get blown away by the food. After your oohhhs and aahhhs at the decor, the experience is complete when you finish your meal and say, "It's...okay." It's all about atmosphere and a good vibe, so it's worth the experience. Just know you're paying for that indoor tree and not an ambrosial meal.
wow. not good. waited forever just for menus at 4 PM on a saturday when the customers were scarce and the employees were NOT. the food was just average. JUST. the only positive to this place is the lovely outdoor patio. shame too--with a location and view like this one, it could be SUCH the go-to spot. find another one.
Beautiful outdoor space. Lite fare with good ingredients.
there are a few questions that come to mind when I am writing Yelp reviews.... Do people ever LOL and then not click the "funny" button below? What came first the hipster Asian girl/ white male couple, or living in Brooklyn? WWALD? (Ann Landers... what would she do?) Well this place is called park, its mixed in between Gas stations and the shitty west side highway, its patrons are stratified amongst different levels basically white crowed down below in the bar towards the back, more diverse crowed in the smokey forest area and mostly Asians upstairs- Actually Asian Everywhere- and Im talking Indian Subcontinent in full effect alongside the traditional Asian we all know and love to do math with. Actually its Cass and Kingfisher upstairs, Sapporo at the bar and Tsingtao in the smokey forest if you know what I mean. So to answer my final question.... she would insult the pope, and incite a riot with a "razor blade in jager bomb" scare
Stopped in for lunch for my wife and I and two friends. We had the choice of sitting inside or patio area. We chose the inside where it was not crowded at all and we could have a nice conversation. The food was very average at best, and the waitress seemed to have got distracted a couple of times. My wife had a hamburger, I had the pastrami sandwich, friends each had a salad. With two beers and tip, 103.00 for lunch! Very overpriced for no more than what it was.
I came for dinner here on a Saturday night with a friend. We waited a solid 10 minutes for a server to come over to us after we were seated. We had to ask a hostess walking by for a server. Several minutes later a grumpy waitress came over, took our drink order and then our food order all at once. She never apologized, smiled or anything.  Our food came out very quickly and it was good.  No complaints about the food.  I had the potato gnocchi and it was very tasty.  Then we didn't see our waitress again for a long time.  The restaurant was not very busy either.  She finally came back and took away some of our plates and then a real long time goes by again before we saw her. She came back again and asked us if we were finished.  Yes! You already took some of our plates! She didn't  ask us if we wanted desserts, which was fine, because we didn't want to wait another half hour for that to come out.  She brought the check and said have a good night and that was it.  She was so miserable. Because we had so much time on our hands waiting for service we both had the opportunity to visit the bathroom twice.  It was a mess! There was toilet paper all over the floor in all of the stalls.  There was no soap in 3 out of the 4 dispensers.   The decor and ambiance is very nice.  But the service was so bad that i wouldn't return.  It was just a bad experience.
Rating this even one star was painfully difficult for me! I have never had such a disappointing experience in one restaurant in my entire life. We had a large group for a friends birthday. She made the reservation two weeks in advance and was guaranteed a table outside. When my boyfriend and I arrived for the dinner, the hostess told us that our party was already seated and she would take us to the table. She then walked us all of 4 feet away from the hostess station and then pointed out to the garden, giving us a vague description of where the table was apparently located. We wandered around for 10 minutes before we were approached by another restaurant employee stating that our party had actually not been seated and was at the bar. The hostess then gave us a nasty look and went back to her station. After being seated (not in the garden as promised btw) we were presented with a "large party menu" that was a fraction the size of their regular menu. This normally would not have been an issue, had the birthday girl been told that this would be the case when she made the reservation. The service was mediocre at best. The server came around so infrequently that several people in our party were forced to go to the bar to order drinks. When our food was brought to the table, the runner carelessly threw the steak frittes on the table, hitting the birthday girl in the arm with the scalding hot skillet! After an insincere apology, he retreated back to the kitchen. The food was beyond disappointing! We ordered the crab cake appetizer and the potato gnocci with pancetta. The crab cakes were tough and dense...barely able to be split with a fork. The gnocci was the worst I have EVER had. They were hard as rocks and barely cooked. Our other friends shared the same feeling about their meals. As if this wasn't all bad enough, it somehow got worse! After the completion of our meal we were joined by some unwelcome guests...3 HUGE COCKROACHES!!! 2 ran past the table and 5 minutes later a third ran under one of our chairs! One of our friends had to kill it himself because no one from the restaurant came over. A few minutes later a gentleman with a broom and dust pan came over, scooped up the evidence and moved along. The manager approached the table and when informed what occurred, told us that we should expect to see roaches since it had just rained for 4 days and they have outdoor space. WHAT?!?!?! When we disagreed he said that he's worked in NYC restaurants for 20 years and this is extremely common, even in nice restaurants...ARE YOU KIDDING ME????? The restaurant is located 2 blocks from Del Posto, Morimoto and Buddakan...GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER! Not once did he even apologize or attempt to better the situation. When he could tell we were unhappy with his response he replied "well i guess i can get you a round of drinks"...In absolutely shock, we declined and asked for our check. We were never once asking or expecting anything for free, but we also didn't plant the roaches in the restaurant in some kind of conspiracy. He treated us as if we were acting upset just to get something free out of it. Incredibly offended, we paid our full check and left. Yes, the garden area is pretty and its in a great location, but that doesn't even begin to make it a worthwhile experience. I think they need a visit by the New York Department of Health ASAP... ans P.S. I had food poisoning all night...Meh
My boyfriend and I were visiting friends in NYC and I chose this restaurant as our dinner spot primarily because of its proximity to High Line Park and their vegan options for one of our friends. My only regret is that we weren't able to sit outside-which with a reservation 5 days in advance you would think would be assumed. Regardless, the evening was lovely. Being from Philly, we expected NYC prices, but I was still a little shocked by the $11 mixed drinks and $8 domestic draft beers. Needless to say we did not leave there drunk! The food was delicious and the portions were larger than I expected. Although I probably wouldn't dine here again (NYC is too big to go to the same place twice), I would definitely recommend this restaurant as well as walking along High Line Park!
I'd give no stars if I could. Went on a recent Sunday at 2:30pm for lunch with three adults and one toddler. Took forever to seat us, despite half the tables being empty. Then after waiting twenty minutes for water the waiter tells us he'll be right over to take our order...and instead took the order of TWO OTHER TABLES who were seated significantly after us. Why do you need four staff to stand around the hostess to try to read the computer? Seemed like the grown-ups were gone for the afternoon and the C-team were left to try to run the place for the afternoon. Have been here before and was well aware that they often take long for the food/service. But this was ridiculous.   We have always found the service to be bad and the food okay, but mediocre food and terrible service make is a less than desirable destination. There are plenty of other spots in the area with better service and food-- head there and don't waste your money at The Park!
Oy, such a scene! Dinner on Saturday is B&T hardcore. Shame, it's a spacious, beautifully decorated series of open spaces and cozy corners -- skylights, staircases, fireplaces, chandeliers -- never boring. Food was delish, but the service varied from indifferent to snobby. I don't like a matre d' who looks sideways at my shoes (of course, my kicks passed the test, but still!). Perhaps better suited to Tuesdays or lunches.
I had a friend's B'day party at 'The Park' last night. I decided to write a review 'cuz I liked the place. It has beautiful ambiance with  indoor and outdoor sitting arrangements. If you are a french fries lover like me, you should totally checkout this place. Also there are a couple of dance floors which weren't much crowded atleast last night. It is a good place to throw a party or hang out with friends or take a girl out, The table under those yellow glowing lights on the trees would make for a real romantic dinner.
Is there a way to bring Central Park indoors during the summer? Yes, The Park has accomplished this unfathomable mission. I went here for a girlfriend's birthday dinner and was very impressed with the interior decor of the place. Although we went after work and it was already dark outside, the ambiance inside The Park made us feel as though we were in a romantic garden having a very private dinner. We all talked about how great this would be as a date spot and how beautiful everything must look during the summer when they open the windows and you are able to enjoy the sun peeking through the leaves. This place is huge and also has  large bar area where you can easily host an event such as a birthday, engagement dinner, etc. We ordered crab cakes as a appetizer, ehh I would give them a 2/5 since they were pretty small and not as flavorful as I expected. As an entree, I had a the grilled salmon with forest mushrooms. The salmon was perfectly cooked and well complimented with the savory mushrooms. I can't wait to go back during the summer and enjoy a glass of sangria under the warm sun!
= 3 STARS FOR THE FOOD = I've ate here twice and once was during my gf's bday party where we had 10+ people. Nothing spectacular about the food and dessert, a "so so" experience. Its the kinda food which you'll forget after eating and won't come back for any particular dishes. = 4 STARS FOR THE AMBIANCE & OVERALL EXPERIENCES = The park is big and comfy enough to be a perfect place for "pre-parties" before you hit any of the clubs in the Meatpacking. The wines here are not expensive and its a good place to sit down and chat with friends. The decor outside could be more stunning but somehow the tiny light bulbs on the trees create a distracting effect and you can feel dizzy after a while. The place is extremely packed during weekends so if you want to grab a good seat you'll have to reserve or be lucky. There's a pavilion in the inner part  and on the ground floor there's a cozy fireplace with a few couches -- I wonder if this place can be reserved? From my own experience it's first come first served. That place would be a PERFECT place for hosting parties. Its' especially great for the winter season. If you go there on a Sunday night and sit by the fireplace for a bottle of red wine, you'll absolutely love it. Overall, I won't recommend this place if you're looking for a restaurant, but otherwise, it's a good place with fair prices.
Mehhhhhh. I hate places with identity crisis. What are you... a lounge? a dance club? an outdoor space? has-been 90s haunt?
The atmosphere at The Park is awesome.  It's like a huge garden inside a bar.  We came here for dinnner and stayed for the club.  The only reason I didn't give this place 4 or 5 stars is because our waitress was so awful.  I asked what the soup of the day was and she told me it was vegetable barley.  I asked if there was any dairy in it and she assured me there was not.  When she brought the soup out there was a crouton with cheese on it on top and the soup was a green puree.  I asked her if this was the vegetable barley, she said yes.  I picked off the crouton and tried the soup.  This was definitely not vegetable soup.  We called her over to the table and she was insisting she was right.  I sent the soup back and asked her to confirm with the chef.  She came back and told me it was cream of broccoli.  How can you be a waitress and not know your soup of the day, nevermind argue with me when I'm positive that's not what I ordered.  She was just all around rude and couldn't admit she was wrong. I'll come back because the drinks were really good and it's a good scene.  I'll just be cautious of what I order.
The Park is a  casual and cool spot if you've here with a large group of friends, just for some catch-up conversation and maybe a little dance, in a super trendy but non-pretentious setting. It's huuuuuge with different layers of decorating themes, yet, still beautiful in its own casual way.The first floor was restaurant / lounge; the second floor was super spacious penthouse. Speaking of sophistication! I would definitely recommend this place if you want to either impress friends coming out of the town, or hosting some party event. Of course, even though the place is sizzling hot, given there's no cover charge or anything, the people might not be that dressy if that's what you are looking for...
So, although this place turns into a night club at night, I only ever go here for brunch or breakfast. The environment is absolutely beautiful - huge ceilings with skylights, trees growing in the middle of the seating area, red vinyl seats. Everything looks incredible. The food is good too.
Went here last night.  the sign of the place looked like a park here (parking place since all day we looked for parking in nyc! )  We came in around 11pm.. chilled at the bar, got some drinks. i thought the drinks were a bit too pricey for the size of them.. but what can i say? i still enjoyed myself and splurged on drinks since i haven't gone out in awhile.  The bartender was very quick to serve.  My friends arrived around midnight which was when most of the people arrived also and then that was when the place got packed.  I really liked the decor of this place. It was very nice and spacious.  The fireplaces/chairs/asian decor made it very chic.  I liked the outside and inside rooms.  It had a very park feel to it.  They opened up the upstairs lounge at around 1am.  Everyone started going upstairs.  The music was alright at the beginning of the night.  I thought they could of tried to play more recent music though.  All in all thought by the end of the night, I had fun dancing and meeting new people.  The alcohol lasted me the whole night!  One thing I thought was funny though was how we ordered this drink, but the bartender made it seem like she knew what it was.  Few minutes later, she asked "umm do you know what's in it?" haha!  Bathrooms were small but had those ladies/guys try to give you napkins and etc.  It kind of got annoying since i made few bathroom trips yesterday night.  I love how new york clubs open so late compare to SF and the bay area!!  It was a very good first nyc clubbing experience!
Great pizza! The appetizers were just okay though. Also, our waiter was a bit odd, and took us a while to flag him down for the check. But all in all it was a nice dinner!
For a rooftop bar, this place is okay. There isn't much of a view of the city since it's blocked with trees and bushes. It does have an open area with seating outside by the patio area as well as inside. Their "club" is located upstairs with a very tiny dance floor. To be honest, I didn't think it was a club at all but more than just a place to chill with friends. It's more of a lounge so if you're expecting a club, don't come here but if you're looking for a place to just chill and maybe people watch, this place is for you. This place is definitely huge. Once you walk in, they have a huge dining area with bars in both in the front and back of the room. Towards the back, a walkway to the outside patio is open as well. If you follow the stairs up, you'll be directed to the upstairs rooftop. Decor is Asian themed and there is an aquarium with a few fish which wasn't really impressive. Drinks were a bit pricey $12 for stoli and cranberry which tasted like juice. We went here on a Saturday night and maybe it was the wrong night but the place was pretty dead. There were plenty of Asians though but it's in the Meatpacking District so that's sort of a given. Free cover all night which is a plus! I'd come again to enjoy the atmosphere with some friends. There is no DJ or at least I couldn't find him or her. We wanted to request some songs but that wasn't an option. Being out of town, this place was a-okay.
The service here sucks. Food is mediocre.  Drinks are slow but taste okay.  The ambiance is nice, actually, and the space has so many options, including a Taiwanese-esque Red Room, Penthouse level with a bathroom that has a gold penis for a sink, a garden area, and a nice open bar space.  Ultimately I like the space, but have always thought the software never lived up to the promise of the hardware.
Huge place, lots of space for large groups, decent DJ, easy line, not pretentious at all!
The Park is a very Beautiful Restaurant, it's Decor resembles a garden feel with beautiful trees, and lighting.  The food is good and affordable and the drinks are good too.  The Lounge part on the other hand i find it a bit unorganized and the sound system is like your listening to music in your home.
I love the Park! I've somehow been here three times. The first time my friend, husband, and I just stumbled upon it after walking on the High Line and thought we'd give it a try for dinner. I'm glad we did! I had the bonfire margarita made with Jalapeno infused tequila and it was GOOD. Spicy but not burn your mouth spicy. I've had a few different food items and they've all been pretty good. The best that I've had is the pizza- I think they make it in a brick oven and it comes out as an individual portion but it's still a lot. My least favorite was probably the steak salad. The salad was good but they steak was a little chewy. Service is generally friendly but not always the most articulate- don't always depend on them to help you make a menu decision. Of course the atmosphere here is the best. Definitely go here if you want a reasonably priced meal in a really pretty place.
One of my favorite spots! Lovely for brunch but also for drinks and clubbing! When I went for brunch I had pancakes and mimosa and it was lovely. Recently a friend hosted her birthday here and it was such a fun space to be in, especially at night their upstairs room turns into a dance club. Great drinks, ambiance and beautiful decoration. Would definitely come back for any meal. It has such a magical feel to it! I just need to try dinner here now and see if it is just as good.
This is the West side B-Bar for me.  Very, very similar in lay-out the whole outside-inside restaurant dance-dance club many rooms kinda scene.  Although there's no cover to get it, the door can always be a pain which is a big hint as to what's to come inside.  There's a whole "keeping up the Jones'" vibe that Park tries to set.  A little too unnecessarily pretentious and over-priced.  Bud Lights--$9?!?! Seriously?!?!  Also, I have yet to eat here although the food smells yummy.  Now, the music is ridiculously good and the upstairs can make for a romantic and fun time.  I'm sad however, to see that the cabanas have been taken down.  NOW where are you supposed to get changed before you hop outfit free into the jacuzzi?!?!?!
The park is a very elegant place, not too crowded. Great place for a drink. I also had pizza, Pesto & Ricotta, and it was yummy.
Saturday late night: Great eclectic crowd (thankfully not the college kid crowd), great vibe, and the music was just okay. The coat check staff member was EXTREMELY rude to EVERYONE. The front desk girl had a pretty horrible attitude as well. My friend and I simply pointed out to her that when we called, while one person told us the dancing starts at 11, the other told us 10 and she told us midnight. It is simply feedback to baseline all of your staff so that the patrons would have the correct information. She was completely annoyed and had the MOST sarcastic tone talking to us. yuck HOWEVER, if you are looking for a place without cover and no bottle service needed but still would like to space to sit to rest those dancing feet, this is the place to be.
I loveeeee this venue. It looks way more extravagant in person than it does online. Not to mention it's huge! So many different levels and areas to either dance, mingle, talk, or just kick back. On top of that the drink prices are very reasonable and the staff are GREAT. 5Stars!
okie dokie..so this is from a DC visitor-who's-from-miami-and-went-to-grad-school-­in-pittsburgh's point of view... park is essentially a one stop shop, for all kinds of people and for all kinds of atmospheres.. being that it's soo versatile, i dont' think it could be ever be bad, however, here's why it's a 4 star of a place. 1st star: everyone's always difficult to please when you go out with a big crowd.. some people like the intimate lounge setting, others like loud places but kinda bar-ish, and others are the party hard dancing type who can't resist a good beat..  and that's why park is a decent place to go, to satisfy all needs.. downstairs is a bar-ish lounge area.. clean, full of young people, interesting decor, all complete with tables for the conversationalists, and a couple of bars everywhere for the bar people..  upstairs is the dance floor, and from what i hear, it gets packed.. the nite i was there, it wasn't.. but it was a decent crowd so i actually prefer it that way... 2nd star: the place was really clean for such a large area, and the decor was good.. certain areas were azn-esque and then others were 'literally' like a park.. there were indoor trees and a lil' green house looking thing that kinda makes you feel like you're out on the balcony on a good nite..  prolli comes in handy when it gets really cold in NYC and you still wanna wear your slut wear out to impress the fellas. 3rd star: the people were pretty cool.. lots of young professionals and such, and there was a decent girl to guy ratio, however, you still haveta be careful of the slick sleazy type that still manage to get into that bar... plus the fact that this place is soo huge you can seriously bump into them at any time and anywhere. 4th star: most people don't think of pittsburgh as a party town, but pittsburgh has it's own flair.. there's always a local bar, pub to grab a few wings and knock it down with a cold beer or just vodka on the rocks.. whateve you prefer... hence the reason why i actually like this club, is because most big cities don't have places with that good ole' pittsburgh feel.. that kinda divy but not bar that has everything you need, and you know your bartenders going to do you right! ...  downstairs in the table areas, that's how i felt.. felt like i was in a pittsburgh bar, which may seem like a "ehhh" kinda thing, but i guess in NYC , that's a real rarity... since everything else i've been to is usually trying to be "chic" or "trendy"..  so props for that.. and taht's why it deserves it's own star. WHY NOT THE 5th star: well, the one reason why i didn't give it the 5th star was that the bathrooms were dirty and not exactly as clean as i would've liked it to be.. it's a definite squat, for the ladies, and make sure you get a good footing because slipping on the wet floor will definitely NOT make your nite..  also, i guess because it is soo versatile, it can also make it a bad nite for some who love a specific type of place.. good if you're a bar hopper and want a lil' of everything, but because it's not "geared" towards a specific crowd, it doesn't all the way achieve the "bar" scene, or the lounge scene, or the club scene.. like you might want it to feel..   finally, the drinks are hella expensive.. so bring a flask and sneak that in, because it just ain't worth it..
Good service. Food was not impressive.
Beautiful scenery and the staff was great. Pizza was delicious! Order the calamari... you won't regret it!
This place is getting horrible reviews because of the night club? I'm not sure why it's getting panned because I took my mom here for lunch and it was lovely. It's a very large restaurant. We sat outside, but the outside was covered and it was warm given we went on a chili day. The ambiance is beautiful! It definitely is something to see with every room transporting you into a different themed area/room. It almost felt a little like rain forest cafe sans all the animals and strange fake thunderstorms. However, it was really decorated beautifully. Our food was delicious. We ordered an asparagus salad to start which tasted fresh and refreshing to eat. We each ordered the eggs over polenta which was our version of brunch because we had originally wanted brunch, but that is only served on the weekends. The dish was very good. I ordered a side of spinach with parmesan and that tasted a little over salted, but was it was editable. We ordered the banana won tons which was AMAZING. I can't wait to come back and try their brunch.
Had an awesome time here as part of Matzoh Ball 2006. Loved the crowd, although I'm sure it was slightly different from the usual crowd, and the drinks were good. Pricey, but good. So many places to run around, and so many different areas! Awesome! For sure will be back here some time soon.
This review is for the bar/restaurant. We went for post-work drinks at the bar, followed by dinner in the garden.  Everything was very good.  A friend and I shared and liked the Margherita pizza and the White Mushroom pizza.  The classic park burger was also enjoyed by another friend.  (+1.5) The standout is obviously the decor.  The place is really lovely.  (+1) The drinks were also very good.  In particular I recommend the Blueberry Hill and the Hendricks Mash.  (+1.5) Service was spotty, but it seemed like they were training new servers and while it was not too busy, the place is huge, so I'm sure the staff was spread out.
We had brunch there this morning and though I read the other reviews, I really liked the ambience of the restaurant and decided to go regardless. Well, the actual restaurant itself is extremely pretty. However, not enough to make up for the service or the food. We had reservations and were promptly seated. Good sign. Then we sat. And sat. And sat. At first we didn't mind, but after 15 minutes of just sitting, with menus down, you start wondering what was going on. There was no water, or anything. Just menus, us, and a bunch of servers talking to each other. It wasn't even that busy. Finally, someone asked if we had been helped. We ordered, the banana bread came out. Things were looking upward. The food wasn't fast but wasn't as slow compared to the wait time it took for someone to even come to our table, however, the food order was wrong. We had ordered the crab benedict and were given a regular benedict. No big deal. What was odd was that we told them there was a mix up. And we were told, no, this is the crab benedict. Strange, as there was no crab patty in the crab benedict. Finally, after more wait, we found a second server, who confirmed that we were indeed given just a regular benedict. She put in the right order. And we proceeded to wait some more. Finally the food came out, and it was okay. A little bland. Definitely not worth all the waiting. We sat some more, had our table cleared of the rest of our food and waited. We asked if we could have our check. Waited. And waited. Finally the check came - they charged us for the crab benedict, no small gesture for screwing up the order or the wait time, whatever, no big deal. Then after putting my credit card down, we proceeded to wait some more to sign the check. So... if you like mediocre food but really LOVE to wait around and kill time, I'd recommend this place. Otherwise, I think even the cool restaurant garden setting isn't enough to bring me back there again or recommend it to anyone else.
Stopped in for brunch.  Pretty decent! I had the Eggs and Beef Brisket.  Initially I thought this sounded like an odd combo, but my eyes kept coming back to it...eff it I thought, and I ordered it. The hefty portion of scrambled eggs are served over a delicious piece of brisket that melts in your mouth.  The sauce is savory and there was just the perfect amount that you taste it with every bite, but never comes close to being overpowering or soggy. Its a neat space.  I like the garden and all the trees and greenery.  And, I saw a few sparrows happily bounding about inside, eating what scraps they could find off the floor.  Whilst some may think this is narshty, I happen to love eating among the birds.  The place is called "The Park" after all! And you can walk off your brunch a block away on the High Line!!
This is a pretty cool venue which has lots of space and an upper deck with a hot tub. I enjoyed the different themes of atmosphere that went throughout The Park. There was a designated outdoor area with lit trees and open air for smokers and plenty of tables with chairs. Inside by the bar, there's a fireplace where you can sit on benches made from tree trunks and cozy up next to the brick shelves. I went on a Friday night which was pretty happening and there was plenty of pretty people watching. I'd recommend new visitors to NY to check it out at least once.
Beautiful restaurant! Great place for large groups. There's no dj music is pretty good but the transitions are a bit quick. I recommend the pizzas for dinner the small portions of the dinner entrees are really small!
I met up with some people here for the tail end of a friend's birthday dinner. Unfortunately I can't say too much about the food or the drinks, but I did order the Farro Salad with Forest Mushrooms and found it to be simple and quite tasty. Now, on to what I really want to talk about - the atmosphere, which was my absolute favorite part about this place! We sat in the garden area, which was so lovely with it's glowy amber lighting.  I was there in December, yet it still managed to feel like summertime. It's the perfect backdrop for a low key evening with friends before heading out for a night on the town.
All you need to know is that the outdoor seating is like the freaking Secret Garden and the sangria is amazing. The sangria is twice the size that you'll get anywhere else. Yeah... the Secret Garden...
Slow service, alright food. Would maybe come back just for the amazing trees, but that's about it.
Start with the bad... I called ahead to make reservation for Sunday Brunch for party of 7, the girl who answered made a mistake and only reserved for 6 people. When my group arrived, it was still early enough that the restaurant was literally empty, YET we still have to wait for a good 8 minute for the hostess to "reset" the table to 7 instead of 6, when she really could have give us the table next to us which has 8 settings. I really couldn't understand the logic of making us wait when there are so many tables available. We waited forever for the waitress to take our drinks order. She didn't came back to take our food order until 15 minutes AFTER our coffee arrived (which was already a good 10 minutes wait). After meal when dishes were cleared off the table, we asked for the check but she never give us the bill until we waited 10 minutes and finally asked again. Despite the turtle speed service and a mindless waitress, the food was simply amazing! The poached egg is JUST right! The pulled pork with poached egg is highly recommended. The setting is just beautiful and unique. You can seriously spend a lot of time walking around there observing every piece of decor.
Great atmosphere, great customer service!!! Amazing food, I had the radish salad (which was season perfectly), the pastrami sandwich(very tasty) with fries and fried calamaris !!! Loved it :) And I had the coconut passion fruit crepe!!!! Amazing two thumbs up. For the bitter sweet lovers like me.   :)
Big space, no cover, posh neighborhood, hit or miss crowd. Bouncers can give you a hard time and the lines can get long but they move. There are several different areas within this establishment but my favorites are the outside garden and the bar at the far end of the first floor. Drinks are fairly priced and standard.
I just remembered this place, lol. The place is HUGE!!!!! We almost got lost, lol. But I do like that fact that it's spacious. We were here for a NYU graduation party for one of my friends. The biggest negative was that coat check was ALLLLLLLL the WAAAAAAAAAY downstairs so that was a journey. After coat check, we went back to the lounge part and it was packed with ppl (plus plus). The setup was pretty cool because the doors to outside were open so you can walk outside, get some fresh air and still party...outside. There were also couches there (another plus plus) because my heels were killing me. I lost count  of how many times I sat down, lol after all the crazy dancing. Another cool tidbit about the place was the hot tub outside. We took non stop pics around it, :).  Only negative was the bartender...she had alitle attitude...which caused a reduction in the tip...she still messed up my cousin's drink (she had a weird tasting mudslide) .Overall the aura was cool but I don't think I will come back here unless it's an event.
Went here for drinks in the evening. Perfectly lovely ambiance in the indoor/outdoor seating area. Split a pitcher of pretty good sangria with a friend; good value. Didn't eat, so cant comment on the food. But for drinks in a nice atmosphere, highly recommended.
I researched for so long to find the perfect place to celebrate my 21st Birthday, and the Park was the place I chose. The decor attracted me because I love this idea of nature in busy, crazy NYC! The reviews were intimidating, but it turned out to be much more than I expected! It was was nothing less than PERFECT! Beautiful decor, great music, and reasonably priced drinks! My 21st Birthday was a success! I couldn't have picked a better location than The Park!
I had such a great time at the restaurant in The Park.  I came on Saturday night around 830 with the bf and another couple.  Our reservations had been for 9, but my friend's gallery closed early, so we headed over, expecting to drink at the bar for a while.  They actually had a table open for us, and we were seated immediately. Normally, that doesn't bode well.  But while the restaurant was hoppin, it was never noisy, crowded, or uncomfortable.  The service was excellent and never overbearing.  The food was extremely reasonably priced and all of our appetizers (pizza with arugala & prosciutto, steamed artichoke with lemon beurre blanc), entrees (blackened catfish, braised short rib, yellowfin tuna), and desserts (profiteroles, banana wontons) were delicious!  The banana wontons were especially outrageous, given the chocolate and caramel dipping sauces, which the men of our party devoured long after the wontons were gone.
too crowded, lots of asian girls rolling around in really short skirts despite it being like 10 degrees outside, expensive drinks, awkward/just plain bad dancing, poor music choices bouncing from lady gaga back to annoying techno, charged coat check, need i go on? maybe i was predisposed to dislike this place, but after I couldn't tell if i was being insulted or hit on by every guy who approached me i finally decided to leave and never.ever. return again.
A good friend of mine recommended this place to me as cozy place for two to have a wonderful dinner or just to hang with some interesting people.  I choose the dinner part of it when I went there and I must say it was pretty amazing.  The two dishes to try there are the filet mignon or the blackened salmon.  Definately a great spot for a first date.
Randomly came here because my friend had to use the bathroom and we decided to have a drink and chillax after walking the high line. I have to say that i wasn't expecting this place to be so fucking cool, nice, and spacious. We sat at the garden area which makes you feel like you're outside, but really you indoors. I'm considering celebrating my birthday here because I really like the ambience and decor. The drinks were 12-13 bucks, but thats nyc pricing for ya so i can't even complain.
Horrible experience.  Came here to celebrate my birthday and about 5 of my guy friends could not get in.  Guys, get in before 11 or you're NOT getting in without girls.  Also, please don't wear sneakers (actually, don't wear sneakers to ANY club... come on, get a clue!) In the winter, they close the main dance floor area so there's only a sliver of space to dance in by the upstairs bar and DJ.  When this happens, the place gets too packed and everyone begins to shove.  Impossible to navigate around.  It took me 30 minutes to get my friend a $13 shot... ridiculous. I've had the rosemary french fries here and they are pretty good.
The best place about this restaurant was the atmosphere.  Amazing, lush plants everywhere with lots of bright, natural light.  I may just have an affinity for parking garages in general, even an old one converted into a restaurant, after having worked in them for so many years though.  I don't get to New York that often, so that could be the additional charm to the place too.  I was visiting a friend who lived nearby, so it was wonderful walk to this place on an early July afternoon.  We had gazpacho, a salad and veggie sandwhich.  The only thing I can slightly rave about in terms of the food, would have to be the gazpacho, but seriously who can do a bad gazpacho?  As long as you have fresh veggies, it should always come out scrumptious.  The interior design, is what I would go back for.  Handmade furniture in a party room, plants, and oranges for decoration... how can you go wrong? I got pictures I will be sure to post later.
We had a late lunch on a lazy Friday at The Park. While the restaurant was mostly empty, it took them 15 minutes to seat a party of 4. My guess is that they didn't have enough servers so they deliberately seated us after a delay. Once seated the service was quick and efficient. The food and drinks were outstanding. All dishes were made from fresh ingredients. What should have been cold (salad greens) was cold, hot....was hot.  We sat in the "garden" room. The weather was perfect. All in all an excellent experience.
My friend Don and his girlfriend have come to The Park a few times over the past couple of months, so I figured I'd get past my complacency of uptown/midtown and head over with them. The Park proved to be a somewhat familiar, but still enjoyable, experience. The 3 of us ended up at The Park around 1 am, so naturally there was a line to get in. I'm currently between apartments, so I had a backpack full of clothes and work materials I'd been dragging around for a while and a constant anxiety that I'd wait half an hour to be rejected because of it. Well, the line moved quickly ( 10 minutes for about 20 people) and nobody said a word about the bag, so I went off to coat check it and rejoin everyone. Except I couldn't find a coat check. Do they have one? I was sure they would, so I assume I just missed the glaringly obvious, but, regardless, I was now stuck with it all night (no, Don, I won't just leave it in a corner). The venue itself was beautiful, possessing a number of rooms with vastly different atmospheres. The Park's outdoor section was probably my favorite, if it hadn't been crowded with a few obnoxious groups and two girls who, seemingly oblivious to all, were walking over people's belonging to pose for various 'I hope my friends back home see this' pictures. Oh well. The room immediately inside was a quieter room with couches, opening up another bar/dance floor, and it ended up being our place for the night. The second level of The Park, while pleasant, I assume, was packed with people; I understand how jaded people in Manhattan can be about room capacity, but open-air room looking out was one of the most full I've ever seen. Not in a dancing mood, and not feeling the need to push my way through, I ended up moving back downstairs. Another night! The drink selection at The Park was pretty standard for the venue - $10-14 mixed drinks, $6-8 beers - and I ended up making it Guinness night for no particular reason. The Park may be the place to go if you've got a lot of energy one night and are really looking for...that kind of party. But if not, it's really not worth it. This being said, the venue is beautiful, and drinks within NYC-price bounds, so it's something to check out.
Came here after dinner and being an LA native could really appreciate the no cover charge situation. I was pleasantly surprised by the amazing decor and set up this place had. Especially after coming in from the pouring rain and basically being drenched  and walkin outside in 4 inch heels..... bad choice on my part... possibly... but beauty is sacrifice!   Music was solid... typical old skool tracks and top 40 stuff.  The drinks were decent and from what i saw on our bill the next day.... it was an average price for a lounge.  It's hard to really complain about drinks... its always hit or miss depending on ur bartender.  All in all had a great time with friends and wouldn't mind coming back. Read some reviews about it being packed like a sardine can.... didn't really get that even though it was pretty packed. find a table and sit down .... CLAIM IT... made everything alot more enjoyable at that point.
Service was slow and server had a really bad attitude. The food took a very long time , which is understandable when the place is full. When the food finally arrived 3 dishes were incredibly under seasoned. At one point the manager came over and asked how everything was, my girlfriend told him the truth and he apologized sincerely and offered to send over 3 desserts free( we were 8 ) I thought that he was very nice and gave the place the benefit of the doubt. It was 11 30 and now the place had only one other table and when dessert hadn't come in over twenty minutes I asked for the check , at which point our server very rudely explained that the rhubarb crisp takes 15 minutes. took her ten more minutes to return with our check. As we stood up and where discussing taxis the manager came out with the desserts. The rhubarb crisp could have been an apple crisp - a crime scene investigation team would have been hard pressed to detect any rhubarb flavor, my banana wontons were good .Someone else ordered a coconut cream stuffed crepe which wasn't bad but the sauce surrounding it in the bowl was so bitter it was almost inedible.very very poor experience
This was deff a cool bar and the layout and space is amazing, a lot of room to sit and dance too and the food Is delicious. Its very asian driven from what I saw but that doesn't bother me one bit ha the drinks are a little pricey but then again it is a Chelsea bar so that's to be expected. I will go here again but for sure drink a little more before I go ha I recommend this bar to all.
For the most part, amazing food. Loved the complimentary banana bread. The mint lemonade was delicious; as were the French fries. My burger was not cooked as well as I liked (I ordered medium-well and it was rare), but they were really helpful and took the burger off the bill for me. Staff were all friendly, even if service was a little slow. The actual restaurant is beautiful. Lots of indoor trees. It's all really pretty. Nice atmosphere. Despite the burger, I would go back and very much enjoyed my meal here.
I checked out The Park for brunch. You are definitely going for the outdoor area, it's very quaint and charming. They had some great brunch drinks as well as a good selection for breakfast food as well as lunch.   The bloody mary's were good for the hangover... Great to have brunch and then walk the Highline afterwards
I came here 2 weekends ago with my girls and I actually had a really fun time. The place is huge so you can move around without it  being too crowded. The drinks were decently priced and it was a nice crowd. Only problem is that it is semi-outdoors so when it's humid (like when I went), it's bad. Ladies will sweat and not "glisten." I will definitely be back when the weather is not as dreadful. It's still a nice place to chill and hang out.
The challah french toast alone inspired me to open my own yelp account  and write a review  for "the Park".   In fact, if I was writing the review for the french toast alone it would be five stars without a doubt.   The bloody mary I accompanied it with and some of my companions' pizzas (we were there for Sunday brunch, escaping the rain after visiting the nearby Highline Park on our way back to Boston from NJ) were good, not great - hence the 4 stars.  But the challah french toast - out of this world good - perhaps the best I've had.   And I' m a breakfast guy!
I had an awful experience here and read the reviews through from 2011 to see what other people's opinions were. Verdict (tl;dr): Service is awful - managers and bouncers alike, all terrible jerks with no sense of what customer service or even common decency is. Birds will poop on your food and servers will do nothing about it. Food is meh (apparently quite over-salted). They will charge you for more money than you write down on your receipt and then not get back to you when call them to question it. (Keep your bills and check your bank accounts people!) They have a mice infestation in their trees/walls/whatever. Servers will steal your iPhone until you call the cops on them and it magically resurfaces. Service is really, really, REALLY bad. My experience: Bouncers are assholes. Manager is awful. They have absolutely no idea how to treat paying customers, extremely rude service. I've been to a lot of restaurants/bars/clubs all over the world and this is by far the worst customer service I have ever experienced in my entire life. If I could give them negative stars I would give them -100. Basically, go here if you want bird poop in your overly salty food, or see wild mice, to get charged more than you agreed to on your bill, and experience the world's worst customer service.
The food was good, had the mushroom soup which was excellent. The service was horrible. We waited nearly 10 minutes for the waiter to come after we sat and had to ask for bread twice. They brought the wrong entree out for my friend and when we got the bill there was no compensation nor offer to adjust. Save your time and money.
Gave this place 4stars cause its a great place but don't think management has their act togeather. look they check ya id outside n ask to c id every time u buy a drink at the bar, this makes no sense, along with the high drink prices $11 for a vodka soda.  Ok so they refuse to let single men in, when i finally got into the place it was like 20 women to evey guy. I would definately go back, mabe even have dinner.
I went there last night, waited 20 minutes for the waiter to take the order, and another 25 minutes for the app, then another 25 for the food. The waiter Tavish, acted like he was waiting tables untill his modeling carrer took off, and was seldom seen, and even less helpfull. After waiting forever the food came, it was passable at best. Complained to the manager and got a free dessert which was apple crisp, with stale bread crumbs and cheap vanilla ice cream. I`ll never go back again
This is for the restaurant only - we made a reservation at 7:30PM for 2. We arrive at 6:30 because our plans required us to go earlier and we wanted to be treated like walk-ins - they said they would put us on the waiting list. By 7:40, they still didn't seat us until I finally asked for an explanation after waiting more than an hour as to why everyone was going before us. Before that I had to ask many times and they kept telling us the wait was going to be long - how when many walk-ins that came after us got seated before us? They couldn't have told me straight up that they just wanted me to keep the reservation? Why is it so hard just to treat us like the other walk-ins, it's really no different.  Unbelievable! What REALLY REALLY rubbed salt into the wound was, as we walked through the restaurant, there were SO so many open tables, it was less than 2/3 full and this is a pretty big place! Especially 2-seated ones! They didn't even fill up while we dined...The hosts were inexplicably playing some cruel joke on us making us wait 1 hour 10 minutes for NO REASON except to make us wait. The food was just ok, never going back again. What incompetent hosts.
The Park is a bit of a waste of a great space. The huge interior, designed by those who did Swingers in Los Angeles, is funky and retro and very hip looking. There is a large bar with a fireplace lounge area, there is a large indoor dining room and a gorgeous outdoor seating area with tons of cool foliage and nooks and crannies to dine in. There is also an upstairs bar including a full hot tub! It is a shame that this place has an uninspired and overpriced menu and a fly-by-their-pants waitstaff who is unprofessional and unknowledgeable at best. The patrons of this restaurant are often of an older generation, which is quite the contrast of the setting that desperately vies to be young and fresh. If The Park could step up it's game a bit more, it could definitely be the toast of Chelsea. Fingers crossed!
It's a Huge Space with multiple areas to please most people. Bar in the front, courtyard area allows for smoking within the place with heaters for the wintertime, cutting through and up the stairs is another bar with a dance floor. The crowd is younger, very mixed with Asians, White, Black (although it may different from night to night) Saturday night it was unbelievably crowded but I hear not normally that crowded.
This was our first time at The Park, atmosphere was great, cool place. One of the couples that we met there had gone to the bar while waiting for us and had some story to tell. Apparently he had ordered a gin and tonic for himself, and a Bahama mama for his wife. They were shot down and told that the bartenders are instructed by management that they are not ALLOWED to make drinks like that, "it brings in the wrong crowd". Obviously that is absolutely offensive, and what kind of person are they talking about? Food was ok, portion sizes were either way to small or really large which was odd. Our waitress was nice, but a complete space cadet and seemed high. Overall, I probably wouldn't recommend to anyone I know, especially since they're judging people on the types of drinks they are ordering. NYC has plenty of wonderful restaurants, I'd pass on this one.
We had a blast here tonight. The ambiance was relaxed as we ate in the 'garden' room. The room had several live trees decorated with Christmas lights in a nice Pinterestesque sorta way. The service was kind and professional. And, the food was great, affordable, and enjoyed by all. The chicken with maple orange glaze, turkey burger, gnocchi, and calamari were all done very well. The desserts were spectacular as well. Overall, I will go back here with friends and family.
Five (5) beautiful women choose The Park for dinner on Monday May 3rd. The group of ladies just sent me a text that shocked me. I am mortified to learn that The Park was RUDE, NASTY & Service was just generally HORRIBLE. They made no comment about the quality of the food, but who cares about the food when your wait staff just doesn't get it. There are toooo many interesting and good to great restaurants in the city for The Park to behave badly.
Park is a nice stand-by place if you're with good friends. Two floors, with plenty of room to chill downstairs. The dance floor's crowded and I love how there's no cover -- seriously, how f'ing annoying is it to pay cover for a place that ends up sucking? *cough* Opera. What can I say? I'm highly risk-averse.
I love the setting of this place and the brunch menu sounded promising, but we never got to actually taste the food! When we arrive, we were told it would be a 15 min wait, which was fine. Had a drink at the bar, all good. 15 min later we were escorted to our table, given menus, and then, nothing. There was wait staff everywhere, a few of them saw that we were waiting, it wasn't even that busy, and no one ever came to take our order. We waited, waited and waited, nothing. By that point we were really starving, but no one seemed to care about us, so we just got up and left. I don't remember ever walking out of a restaurant before, but what else can you do? I may give The Park  another chance one day, but there are so many other good places in the neighborhood where you can get good service, so why bother?
Terrible Service + Bland Food = Stay AWAY! Lets start with the positive, their rent must be pretty high! the place is in a prime location real estate wise with the high line at sight you can sit and people watch. The place looks like a greenhouse very relaxing atmosphere and lighting. Enough of that.... Service was Terrible! We sat outside in the indoor garden at a table by a wall full of vines and bushes , that we will later find were crawling with mice LOVELY! . The main course came while we were eating our appetizer (cheese platter) being that we were 3 ppl sitting at a small table! of course we had to scramble moving around and help them do their job. The cheese plate was a joke for how much food was being put out for the money spent (16 dollars). The amount of food you get is ridiculous like you would have to order an appetizer a main course and a side dish to be full. Our waiter was M.I.A for 99.9 percent of our meal and we tip him accordingly
My review only pertains to The Park as a restaurant. I've been there twice now, once for lunch and another for brunch. I found both experiences to be good. I did not experience any of the problems with service to which others have alluded. The staff was friendly and efficient. Most recently, I was there for the Sunday Brunch. We made reservations for a little after noon, which worked out as there were a fair amount of people waiting when we arrived. We were seated immediately. As for the food, I had an amazing order of Challah French Toast with Caramelized Bananas and Strawberries; It was executed to perfection. My had the Crab Cakes Eggs Benedict, which were excellent. I would happily go with either dish again in the future. Oh, make sure to sample the table bread - really good stuff.
The place and its ambience was a pleasant surprise; service was vey polite too; however, the food was quite disappointing. I went there for dinner on a Friday evening and ordered a classic burger and the meat tasted like a dead rubber carcass and there was nothing exciing about the dessert menu. If I go back again, it'll probably only be for the location/ambience and a bottled beer.
I want to preface this review with the fact that I tried REALLY hard to like this place... Really great space and appetizing menu. Came in for lunch for two on a weekday, the hostess told us we would just need to wait about 5 minutes for them to get a table ready for us. No problem. We ended up getting seated about 20 minutes after we arrived, after being told every 5 minutes that our table would be ready "momentarily." There were about 20 free tables outside, not to mention the ENTIRE inside, so not sure what took so long to get our table ready, but at that point we were just hungry and happy to be sitting. We then sat there for another 30 minutes with our menus before one of the 5 frazzled looking waiters (it was not very crowded) finally came over (my boyfriend was desperate to leave but I was too hungry/lazy to go anywhere else). We ordered our food and then didn't get water or bread, which all the other tables seemed to get, and our waiter never came back to our table. We got our food after another 30 minutes and it was TERRIBLE. We shared a pizza, I had a lamb sandwich and he had a turkey burger and it was all sub-par. I literally ate two bites out of my sandwich and had a few frozen french fries before we asked a manager for the check. The manager noticed our food was only half eaten, asked us if we wanted it wrapped, and upon us saying no with looks of disgust on our faces, didn't even ask us how anything was or what was wrong with it, simply had a busboy drop the check. Maybe a nice spot for drinks? But terrible service and disgusting food, probably never going back.
"Don't you know brunch it up, you've got to brunch it up!!" That was what I was thinking at 10:07am as I walked in to The Park (the time that I walked in will be important for a point that I make later in my review).  Met my sister/brother in law and niece here for brunch this morning as we're looking for something different from our usual amazing brunch spot, AOC in the West Village...which has never failed us, ever. We ordered: - Huevos Rancheros ---- my brother in law is vegetarian, and typically orders this dish...he said it was "tasteless" - Tuna Nicoise Salad ---- There was exactly 5 pieces of 1x1inch diced up tuna which was cooked properly (seared) but overly drowned in a black pepper coating...and I love black pepper. ---- And exactly ONE egg cut up into quarters...really? 1 friggin egg?! wow guys! amazing! - Smoked Salmon, Egg Whites and Potato Pancake combo ---- my sister said this was good, the egg whites were soft and cooked properly, the potato pancake was overly oily/greasy - Coffee ---- there coffee is quite good, after putting cream and 2 sugars in it The food is meh at best, and I'm trying to be nice here... The outdoor seating area/garden is beautiful and large... They have fresh plants / fresh bamboo growing everywhere..tastefully As typical of meatpacking district, they have a very large amount of seating space... They serve a banana/nut bread at the table from Balthazar...which everyone loved except me. They open at 10am, but don't arrive prior to 10:07am because that's when they'll actually OPEN and UNLOCK the doors. wtf? They lost 3 couples worth of customers who were waiting outside wondering if they were open or not...during 10:02-10:06am! save your money and go somewhere else
AVOID THE PARK this shit is the worst. the waitress didn't do shit. she literally put the pitcher of sangria ($30) on the table, with glasses. didn't pour. stacked our plates and silverware on the side. we were served our food by the runner. we never saw the waitress. we served ourselves. we sat outside, although its a beautiful garden with lights, etc, we were eaten alive with spiders and bugs and ugh so uncomfortable. the mushroom fries were pretty good. just deep fried portobellos. except for $7 you get like 5. rip off. the bruschetta was legit, actually. $7 my friend said the mussels were lacking, tasteless. $13? don't support this wack-ass establishment, please.
This place is more like a lounge than a club.  They scan IDs at the door and enforce a guy:girl ratio on weekends.  Their dress code is not really strict, but I think that depends on the person working at the door.  No sneakers or flip-flops.  Jeans ok. There's no cover (which is always a good thing!) There are bars located both downstairs and upstairs.  Chill downstairs if you just want to relax, sit around (plenty of seating available), and chat with friends over some drinks.  Go upstairs if you feel like dancing (they play mostly top 40/current hits, z100 type of music).  Be aware though that it does get pretty crowded upstairs and it may be hard to get drinks from the upstairs bar.  There is also a patio that opens up to the great outdoors, where smokers can get their fix. Bathroom lines are never really long.  There's a bathroom in the stairwell that leads from the upstairs to the downstairs part of the place.  There's also bathrooms located in the basement. Drinks are average priced for NYC lounge/clubs.
Restaurant is cool! Feels like your outside. This is a real sexy spot!!! After hours it's like a lounge. Menu is limited but I still love this place.
A ginormous bar, that's all you need to know about it.  Most people come here because of some party that someone or some organization is having, but I probably wouldn't come here on a random night just to hang out.  They have multiple bars, and one thing that bothered me was if you have a tab open at one, you can't put drinks on it at a different bar.  So if you're bouncing between the downstairs and rooftop, it's a pain.  The rooftop is nothing special either, definitely better ones in the area.  They also id you again inside at the bar, which sucks.  Beers run about $8 each. They do have a dress code, so don't show up in flip-flops and shorts, I did once, and even had two girls with me, (only 1 was pretty good looking), and they weren't letting me in.
The Park is a great spot for outdoor cocktails and chilling during the summertime, and if you're up for some dancing, head upstairs! The dance area upstairs is pretty packed after 12. It gets quite hot and sweaty but there are comfy sofas in the outside terrace where you can lounge about. Like 1. no cover, flexible dress policy (I came here w/ a whole bunch of friends for my birthday and it was perfect because I didn't need to worry about people getting in) Dislike 1. no coat check (if you give the lady in the ladies' bathroom a few bucks, she'll agree to look after your belongings) Crowd is pretty Asian, but not as much as Hiro/Circle. Drinks were ok, nothing amazing. I think the main draw of this place is the airy interior and romantic-ish atmosphere. Definitely go check it out if you're up for a fun summer night out =)
Yesterday me and my chef was at the C Cap Food Event at Chelsea Pier and we were done early so we decided to walk around and we stop by in this place because the chef knew someone. Anyway we sat at the bar and drink Blue Point Beer from Long Island. It was pretty good esspecially when I never had this beer before. I look around this place and it is hugh and there a dancing upstaire and a park environment restaurant in another room. We didn't order any food because their were nothing on the menu that we wanted to try plus there plenty of food when we return. We were here for close to 1 1/2 hr. Overall think i will come back here on the weekend to see if I am ever in the neighborhood.
This review is overdue. Been here several times AFTER-WORK thru the years. Its huge which is great for my group. No one ever uses the hot tub. Been sitting there for years. Food were few option. Prices were so-so. They do have discounted drink specials. Look for the billboard @ the bar or tables. Mosquitoes for the summer are horrendous. So if you're like me who bugs love, you need to go during the cooler months or apply bug repellant. I got stung all over my legs while having my dinner! I gulped down my food and nearly choked trying to get out of there. I only go here during winter time. The location is far out on the West side so its not convenient for transportation. Management - you need to do something about the bugs!
I never ate here, so my review is only about the place in general, the vibe, the drinks. I like the space, as you can hang out and chill downstairs or dancing for free upstairs. I also like the "outside" patio, even though I've smelled people smoking cigarettes on more than one occasion. The crowd tends to be mostly Asian... not quite sure why. The drinks are kinda overpriced for what you get, but since you can dance for free, it's a decent deal. Overall I have always managed to enjoy my time here, even though I'm not super-crazy about it. Not on top of my list, but worth a look. Head there and dance for me, too. :-)
You know when you yelp for a new lounge or club that doesn't make you feel dirty just reading the reviews or make you balk at the price of drinks or, God forbid, a cover and you get so frustrated that you just say, Okay guys, we're going to "tried-and-true"? Park is my true blue :) First impression: It's huuuuge and absolutely gorgeous. Not just the indoor/outdoor dining section with twinkle lights, but all the different rooms are furnished beautifully. Second impression: Wow, there are alot of Asians here. Which isn't a bad thing. I'm Asian and I'm fantastic. Just an observation. Park has decent to good food, moderately priced drinks, and a nice atmosphere. I've been to birthdays and New Years and girls nights out here and they were all super fun. The DJ is usually good, but sometimes you'll go upstairs (the dance floor opens at midnight) and NOBODY is dancing. Which was the case this past New Years Eve. so lame. Just a dancefloor covered with chit chatting shuffling idiots. It's weird when you and your friends are the only people dancing. When people actually DANCE here, it's a first rate evening. Definitely check it out. No cover and you can avoid the line if you get there early and chill at the bar or lounge areas.
I've been here a bunch of times during the summer to go out.  Always have a good time.  Always meet random friendly people here.  There are places to sit and never too crowded that u can't walk.  They have a random mix of music from old school stuff to new music.  If I was the DJ this place would be a five.
I went here roughly 2 weeks ago for a close friends birthday. We didn't eat any food just stopped in for a drink. I have to say i was impressed with the atmosphere and laid back door policy. This place must be beautiful in the summer and its probably a good place to just chill out with friends.  tables are first come-first served so its very relaxed. the music was going but nobody was dancing lol. it was such a nice place though i recommend it for a group and for a casual drink. I will be back
I don't hate many places, but I kind of despise The Park. The only good thing about The Park is that it's one of few nightlife spots in the city that doesn't charge a cover - which is probably the reason why so many crappy people end up gaining entry here. And unfortunately why I always inevitably end up at The Park when I'm hanging out with friends. The first time I came here a few years ago, I was deeply impressed by the leafy decor, which The Park's name is indicative of. It's really beautiful! It's a big place, too, so it never gets so crowded that you're being pushed and shoved every which way. The drinks are priced okay, considering how fancy this place looks. Their appetizers are decent, but maybe I need to come back here in the daytime and eat an actual meal. Those are all the positive things I have to say. Okay, to be fair, I guess it's not really The Park I dislike so much as the behavior of its patrons, but after awhile they kind of become one and the same. Maybe it's just me, but I don't need to see people dry humping in the middle of the restaurant, not even on the "dance floor," which is just a small room on their ground level. Last time I was here they had a DJ playing all top 40 hits, not even mixing stuff. Can I get that job, please? I'd have a lot more money to spend on Yelp-worthy food if all I had to do was hit "play all" on my iTunes playlist. There are lots of sleazy guys on the prowl, too, but I guess that's everywhere in NYC on a Saturday night. Seems you only get kicked out if you get too drunk or rowdy.
This place blows! Bouncers are worst! Racist piece of shit! I hope they go out of business.
The wait was about 45-1hr and the restaurant was nearly empty. The front-of-house staff were rude and unaccommodating. The food, whether it was either steak or tuna, was all overcooked. NOT somewhere to visit if you're in the city, for sure.
We got to The Park on a wednesday around 9pm. It is a big place, nice to look at and looks like it would be a great place to party. The PH and Red Room where the music happens on weekends were not opened, so this is just a food critique. Service was good, and the food was "ok". Nothing special here for sure. I will be back on a friday / saturday to check out the music and crowd, and rewrite this review if necessary. ArK
Free entertainment as six plainclothes NYPD with guns drawn, pull out and handcuff 2 alleged perps (of what I don't know) on 10th Ave as we watch from inside the restaurant. I loved the atmosphere of the place and we only saw 2 of the rooms here and I hear there are more.  The first room was very well-appointed; I guess that means fancy looking room with nice booths and tables in a handsome setting.  However, you really need to eat in the PARK.  I actually checked a few times to see if it was an open air room or was it really enclosed.  They have totally captured the experience of eating at a table in the park.  Trees, birds (real ones of each) abound even though there is a glass ceiling.  I am not talking a made up Rain Forest here but they have really captured the park thing.  I even noticed one of the servers wearing a NYC Parks Dept tee-shirt.  A definite 5 on ambiance and atmosphere. The food was just OK, nothing great, nothing bad.  The appetizer of fried calamari was probably the best thing and it was very good.  Nice "meaty" pieces with both a marinara and a chipotle sauce provided for the dipping. The Caesar salads were OK.  Too many croutons and not enough lettuce.  My wife and my daughter said they enjoyed their mains (chicken breast and a  pasta with short rib).  I had a specialty pizza with cauliflower.  Not enough cauliflower for one thing and for another the cauliflower didn't seem to be flavored with anything.  I was kind of surprised it was not garlicky.  A low 3 on the food. Service was good except that they tended to serve table water that was warm.  Ice please! I told my daughter that if this place was in NJ, we would be here all the time because that's how much I loved eating in the PARK.  I would go back to this place but maybe just drinks and appetizers while I soak in a day at the park.
It's sad that a restaurant this big and so nicely designed inside sucks so much. I went here with a 10-person group on like a Tuesday night. The restaurant wasn't at all near capacity (maybe 25-30% full), and yet, it took literally an hour *after* we'd already gotten our appetizers for them to bring out our entrees. The entrees were glaringly late (we were all grumbling about hunger pangs), and when my salmon arrived, I found it dry and not well seasoned. I barely have the patience to wait for really great food in NYC, let alone for mediocrity.
My first time here was great but the second was bad. I was a little turned off that they rounded my change from the bill down. When I asked for my change she told me they don't have coins. Um...really? I probably won't be back.
Overall disappointment.  We are new to the neighborhood and had high hopes for this place as the decor and environment are so inviting. First issue was a reluctance to sit us in the garden (preferred spot) despite having plenty of tables available.  We were promptly asked for our drink order and water preference, but it took at least 5 minutes to get the wine. Getting our server to come back for our order was the second challenge, but didn't compare to how long it took to actually receive our food (during which time we never saw our server for refills).   Ordered tuna tartar, lamb meatballs, octopus salad and turkey burger. All were uninspired, sloppy and left us wanting that one ingredient that finishes the dish. To top it off, we couldn't even exit fast enough as our server left the tab covered with our credit card for 10 minutes before I walked it up to the two people hanging around the cash register (or modern equivalent). A waste of a cool spot. Maybe I'd drink at the bar but never will sit for dinner again. This is the first restaurant review if that is any indication of how annoyed I am.
Never even ended up eating here but due to their poor customer service, will definitely not be going at all. I called and made a reservation for 12 people 2.5 weeks in advance and literally the night before my reservation, they called me telling me that because of maintenance my reservation is cancelled. While understandable due to unforeseeable maintenance issues that sometimes occur, they were extremely rude and curt on the phone and offered no alternative or potential future dates or even a simple apology for cancelling a dinner party reservation for over ten people, the night before, which is not only inconsiderate but is terrible customer service considering how difficult it is to find a reservation for over ten people barely 24 hours in advance in New York City. We were excited to come here and try a new place despite other yelp reviews describing field mice running about the grass in the restaurant but will definitely not be going here and giving a place staffed with such rude and insolent people our money.  Only reason I'm leaving even 1 star is bc yelp won't allow me to leave 0.
What can I tell you? The decor and vibe were terrific.  I ordered two things that I did not like, in fact, I sent one of them back, a steak salad.  The meat was raw.  They were gracious about it.  My portobello mushroom fries were only okay.  I had very good chicken, however.  My friends, who are all New Yorkers, seemed to really like their food.  The worst was our waiter - he seemed really out of it - stoned or something.  Half the time, he would tell us something and then come back and say they were out of it.  He was nice enough to comp our dessert at the end, due to all the mixups.  It was hard to get the guy's attention half the time.  He either was super high or had a lot of attitude - maybe a combo of both.  At any rate, it's a cool looking place with pretty good food. UPDATE - the manager just emailed me and was extremely gracious about my review and so I'm giving it another star, because that's just unheard of! Would definitely try this place again based on that alone.
a friend and I were trying to figure out where to have a birthday celebration together when someone mentioned this place. no cover and fast line, ok not so bad. we got there and the line did move pretty quickly which was nice, its a beautiful place, but my issue is the drinking! now I'm a light weight and it takes me probably two drinks to feel pretty good for the night. that night I had 3 and a shot and I was still perfectly fine. the issue is because, as a bartender, I know they are under pouring. they made the drinks right in front of my face and the alcohol count was completely off. at each bar! perhaps its a policy of the place to do less than one ounce pours, but it was really bad. especially since you have to wait probably half an hour between drinks because they had a hard time handling the crowd. it was a disappointment considering it was such a beautiful place. id go here for the decor and ambiance, not the drinks or service.
This place blew my mind. The ambiance and decor are awesome, and the food was honestly one of the best meals i have ever had. I had the gnocchi with pancetta and spinach, and my boyfriend got the turkey burger with relish. they were both incredible, and we are HUGE food snobs (haha-its true!) so this is saying a lot. I usually don't write reviews but it is the next morning and I am still thinking about the RISOTTO CROQUETTES.
This place is really nice thanks to the decor and the yum free banana bread when you arrive. I went for brunch and the food was good, nothing special. The problem is the service / employees. They definitely make you feel uncomfortable. You have the impression to piss them off just because you are here. I also heard that from several friends who came to The Park, so we were not an exception or came the bad day.
A t best a decent place. A t worst, blah. In the middle of Friday night dinner, we were thinking of what to do next. Initially I thought we might go somewhere low key and get our drink on a'la PDT or Death & Co. But the mood to get our dance on...ok..my dance on, struck me. So we ran through our option and I heard about The Park, so ..we decide to check out this place. It's more bar than club. Very spacious with several bars/rooms/lounge. Decent crowd but not suffocating. Laid back atmosphere without the pretentiousness. We hung out mostly in the main lounge, which is suppose to be dark and intimate with an Asian theme. You're free to sit at the tables and it can give you a chance to have a moment with your special someone or just chill. There is a big open space where around 1am or so, finally people started to get their dance on. Music was mediocre, some hits and misses. The outside area was not that impressive. Maybe because it was February, but then the fireplace wasn't even lit. Like previously mentioned, we thought it was a dance club. So we were a little disappointed because totally different from what we thought. Now, if we were looking for a chill spot to drink and hang with homeys, this could be the place.
Totally great. And suitable for many different occasions. My second visit was no less excellent than my first. The decor is really cool. The atmosphere, casual, but they won't let you in with shorts which I find a little off-putting. The place is huge, so there is usually a table, but I suggest a reservation. Seating in the atrium area is impressive, with trees growing around you, and seating at the booth is good too for hand holding and intimate conversation. The drinks are on point. The wine list is pretty good and you can get a nice bottle of malbec for under $50. Food has been consistently great. The mussels, cheese plate, calamari, and pizzas are all delicious. And the bartender can make one hell of a "slightly dirty totally dry Ketel martini." Upstairs, the view is interesting, the lounge looked nice for sitting and chilling, but we found it to be totally crowded after our dinner (around 11pm). The host told me that's how it gets on Fridays, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. Oh, and the service has generally been attentive and pleasant. Take a walk on the High Line and then settle into a good cocktail and your seat at the Park. You won't be disappointed!
I used to come here for office lunches years ago then tried again last year on a Saturday night and no way were we gonna line up with a whole bunch of B&T's. My friend wanted to have dinner here on a Thursday night so I had another opportunity to see how it is now. The place itself is really quite large they have a nice spacious bar at the entrance and a large space with banquettes and a large enclosed outdoor area with park cafe tables with vines across the ceiling. Initially we were seated in the banquettes then I asked if we could be moved to the greenroom area which they obliged. They have a lovely party room with gorgeous lanterns at the back. I saw several speakers hanging up and though at first they were playing bird sounds but during our appetisers several birds swooped down around us. Then there must have been some bird fights going on because all of a sudden all these leaves started falling all around us and on our food. It was in our drinks, in the olive oil, in my bra, dead leaves everywhere. We strongly hoped we wouldn't get shat on but luckily we didn't. The waitress was nice but not helpful at all and never around when we needed her and she was hopelessly slow getting drinks and food and the bill. We had mussels and chorizo to share which was delicious then we both had the pork chops which were pretty good. Save the Hitchcock birds would definitely hit this place up again. Would recommend this place for anyone on a date it's perfect.
Went for lunch and had super slow service. Margherita pizza was good but hard to enjoy without drinks, plates, service.
Our waiter, Tavish, might well have been the worst waiter of all time. Despite the food being reasonably good (although 4 dollar bottles of non-refillable soda is a bit extreme), the extraordinary wait times we experienced were matched only by his aloofness when he did occasionally grace us with his presence. Just as an example of my poor (if not outright stupid) service, he charged me for brown sugar because I requested the "brown sugar and banana oatmeal" to have the brown sugar on the side.  My efforts to explain to him why this charge was unreasonable was met by a look of complete confusion and disgust.  Unclear if he was high or just not that bright.   If you go, request that this guy is not your waiter.
Terrible!!!  Awful!!!  Do NOT eat here ever!!! The manager is a mean, nasty, officious little man.  One disabled young lady had to call armed law enforcement officers before he would let her bring her service dog into the place.  He flatly refused to look at the dog's NYC Health Department Service Dog medallion, or at the law as described on the NYC government web site.    It took the staff almost one full hour after we were seated to take our drink order.  It took them almost another half hour to take our food order.  When the food arrived, it looked just awful.  Taste wise, it was okay, but certainly not worth the price or the wait.  While we were there, the people at the next table over had to move when a bird inside the room pooped on their table.
Been here once. Beautiful space. Spacious. Haven't had the food yet, however the reviews seem promising. Go upstairs for hanging out. Downstairs seems to be primarily eating. Upstairs, the debauchery kicks in.
Had a nice brunch on Sunday with a friend. I had yogurt parfait with fruit and french toast. Both were great. The yogurt came with a ton of fruit (bananas, strawberries, pineapple). Coffee was hot. Definitely would like to check this place out again (especially in the summer).
AVOID THIS PLACE! They charge more than what you tip on your credit card I was there on Friday night. I had 2 drinks for $29 including tip. I still have my receipt of $29 charged. But I found out that they charged $31 from my account when I checked my account 2 days later.  I heard the Park does this often from people so I checked and that's why I kept the receipt. I called them to let them know what happened, they got me on hold for 9 mins to just speak to the person who is in charge then all he said was that he could not do anything because he is not a manger and he gave the manager- Margarita- email address. I emailed her with my receipt scan and proof of $31 taken out from my bank account. She has been ignoring my email. It's definitely not a 2 dollar problem it is about how they treat their costumers. I know they do that a lot since it happened to my friends as well. I will never go back to this place. If you have to come here do NOT use your credit card. THEY CHARGE YOU MORE THAT WHAT YOU TIP.
Worst meal I have had in a long time. Came in with a big crew at lunch time. Sat in the garden and couldn't even get a water glass filled. Gnocchi tasted like playdoh, crispy shrimp smelled and tasted like the freezer. Waited forever to get any love from the waitstaff. This is a good example of a good location ain't good enough. Yuck!
Nice atmosphere and Great front of house staff.  Mediocre food.  Chef's burger good.  Fry's are frozen.  Sea bass smells a bit fishy.
I'm not quite sure where to start. If there was a zero star option it would get that. This is probably the worst service I've had in NYC, which is a rather bold statement. We waited over 10 minutes for the server to even come over after we sat down to take our drink menu, which by that point we were ready to order drinks, appies, and our entrees. Wine came out fairly quickly but she couldn't open it so retreated to the back, coming back 5 minutes later to pour it, adding "it's not a real cork but here you go." before tossing it on the table. Meat/cheese came out and was fine. Entrees came out about 5 mins later and were plunked literally on top of the meat/cheese plate we were in the act of eating from. So apparently we were done with that. Entrees were fine. Nothing special. Busser took them away. And then nothing. Nearly FORTY minutes later with no sign of our server we finally waved down another server (drinks had been empty all 40 minutes also) and asked for the bill since our server seemed to have been abducted by aliens and also asked for the manager. Bill came instantly, manager came 10 minutes later. He barely managed to say the word sorry but then told us several times she was his best server. If that's the case I give this place a few more months. Save yourself and eat pretty much anywhere else unless you have 2 hours to kill. Utterly brutal.
Still love the atmosphere here, especially with the lights for the holidays! Music scene still good for dancing. Haven't tried the food, but definitely good for a night out
I have been to The Park several times and was thoroughly pleased with the service and food. The most recent time, however, I had an experience that guarantees I will never be back. I came with a large group and we sat towards the back of the restaurant. Behind our table was an area with trees and shrubbery that climbed the wall. I noticed a shadow moving and upon closer examination, realized it was a mouse. As I looked up the wall (and pointed it out to some people at my table) we noticed that there were not one, but several mice running along the wooden beams along the back wall. Needless to say, I will never go back to The Park. I understand that the restaurant is in a huge, somewhat open space, but it's 2013--you can't tell me there is nothing that you can do to help the rodents that are running out in the open in your dining room.
Free admission, 3 levels of entertainment and a great staff. My friends brought me here for my birthday and I loved it. The lines outside were a little long at first but since there were 10 of us, we decided to just purchase a few bottles and split the cost. It worked for us and we had no issues at all. The bouncers at the door were also friendly and there was nothing pretentious about this place.. i could appreciate that. I'll be back...
Nope! The restaurant/club has a tree in the middle of it, however, that is the only cool thing about this place. Three of us were there for dinner  and it was surprisingly quiet considering it was a Saturday night. i thought i would order a fancy gin drink (for $12) and when it arrived it was in a glass that looked something I used to have in my treehouse as a kid, and it was straight up gin! Maybe after drink 4 (I will think) I'm ready for a stiffer drink, but not at numero uno. We ordered crab cakes for appetizers, which looked like deep fried store bought cakes swept with mayo and shared a turkey sandwich/ burger (I was too turned off by the cutlery and presentation to order my own meal). The food was not appetizing, the cutlery needed another run through the dishwasher and we had about a hundred different servers during our time there. There was an entertaining tiff at another table, which was interesting but all in all I would not return nor recommend The Park. Neat decor, not good food, and definitely NOT worth a hundred dollar meal !!
I found this place to be a good place if you just want to have a good time without dealing with annoying bouncers or too many creepers. The best part is that there is no cover. Always a plus. Once you get in voila, it looks like an outdoor park like thing, complete with trees and shrubbery and all. Except the lighting was very creepy and weird... like that yellow lighting in a parking lot. Hm... Of course the dining area is dead at late night. The party is upstairs. So you come upstairs and find it to be packed. The music is so-so and the people there are generally friendly. Overall you will have a good time in this place and you meet some interesting individuals. In a good way. But there will always be that one trying to dance his way beside your friend.
this is where anthropologists should study the regression of humans, catalyzed by senseless drinking and repressed instincts snowballing to a weekend headway. - the study would begin in the radiant fireside entrance, where people assemble and begin drinking with the sole purpose of hosing their organs; face-smashing: spotty - then it would continue in the midsummer night's dream-like conservatory where people socialize in pods to narrow on their target; face-smashing is picking up - adjacent is a vintage-leathered dance floor where the males commence waving their arms in warlike fashion to distract female targets; face smashing has morphed to full-on groping - the study would finalize in the upstairs patio where the unknowing subjects complete the full regression to hormonal hunter-gatherers. it's survival-of-the-lowest-standards as you've rarely seen. lovely place. but if it walks like a duck and acts like a duck, doesn't matter how much Burberry it's wearing. eat it, don't marry it. (....they serve food here now?)
come here if: 1) you're looking for a spot to host a few dozen people (friends, friends of friends) 2) feels bad having your guests pay cover 3) you want to do dinner & dancing all under one roof (esp if weather's nasty out) 4) you do not want to spend half the night standing in line 5) you want to pick up some asian dudes/chicks (so many  hot ones in here!) We had reservation for 14, it becomes a pain if you have a guest list of more than 15 because you'd have to settle for a pre fixe dinner, print out a form, fill it and fax it to their office - too much work! good thing half the group were only joining for the partying part of the night. a couple of people were running late and some of us had been waiting for quite a while so we requested to be seated first but the hostess refused. they didn't want people to be joining the dinner table later (Why not????) Anyway, we were seated in the mainroom. The garden has a clear roof and heat lamps to keep you toasty - i just felt barbequed! a few of us ordered the Yellow fin Tuna - I spoke to the GM of the park and he highly recommended that. And yes it was delicious! everyone was happy with their food - catfish was good, pasta was yummy and paella was a generous portion!we had both the white and red wine sangrias - i personally prefer the white. and desserts! i really liked the flour-less chocolate cake - very decadent and beautifully garnished. Mmm mmm...... =) And finally we went up to the Penthouse. It's a big lounge with lots of sofas and booths. And they have this miniature heated tub  (so tempted to jump in because I was feeling a little chilly standing at the open air section.) Music was decent - but people weren't really dancing! some say the music wasn't loud enough - but i think its good that way cos we got lots of talking going on. the place got pretty packed later during the night but nothing too crazy - still lots of room for me to shake it. i dont know whether the drinks were pricey - people always buy me drinks. =) and yes, we had a good time.
Really, really pretty space, and fabulous for big groups. I hosted a friend's birthday party here, as well as a bachelorette dinner. The prices are unbeatable. The dining area has an upscale garden feel, and the Red Room and Penthouse (open after midnight) are more lounge/club-like.
This place is always a fun nite! The Dj always has great music. Access to all rooms if you please. Best spots, the Pent House, Garden and the Red Room. Pros: No cover charge EVER. Drinks are above average, but its still good because of the no cover, and the venue is very spacious. Cons: Rude bartenders. Bartenders are asking for tips before they even fully serve you. Not to be rude, but asking for tips and waiting for them to be given seems classesless.
SO beautiful inside, but not very crowded at all.
amazing spot
Review colored through Yelp Elite event glasses: My friend and I came here for the Starr African rum event that featured Iron Chef-like showdowns of cocktail creations from some of the city's top mixologists. It was my first NYC Elite event and I loved it because: 1) cocktails, 2) mixology, 3) free, 4) space and 5) combo of all in one event. The lemongrass creation from Botanic Lab was my instant and undisputed favorite--not surprisingly, it was the winner. So while I didn't get to try the food or interact with the staff, I did get to explore the large and beautiful space. I've decided that if I'm ever convinced to trek this far south and west again, I will stop by The Park for a refresher.
*sigh* I really wanted to love this place.... Met up with some friends here yesterday for lunch in the Garden, which is such a nice space, particularly now that it's a little warmer and things are starting to bloom. Unfortunately we experienced really slow service, with a little attitude thrown in for fun. I had also been looking forward to the food, as the online menu looks brilliant. We got there at 2, but were only offered the brunch menu. I was then told that they were out of Arugula (thus couldn't make salad), and they weren't doing pizzas. After asking for a vego suggestion, I was offered fruit salad. I ended up with a weird version of Cesar Salad (lettuce, tomato, parmesan and croutons)... Sorry guys, the only reason I'm even giving you two stars is because it was so nice outside. I might come back here to have drink in the sun, but that's about it.
Things that I liked about our night out to The Park: - Unlike other clubs that I've been to, it wasn't filled with creepy 40-year-old men trying to hit on 20-something girls that are clearly disinterested. - It wasn't so packed that I could barely breathe. - It was located in a cute area of the city. - No cover! :) - Good DJ... great dance music! - Beautiful decor! The only thing that was kind of weird was the fact that people weren't really dancing the night we were there. It was weird... at least on the upstairs dance floor, the people stood around more, which was strange. The location is also a bit inconspicuous - if I didn't know any better, I would've thought the "Park" sign was for a normal parking lot. All in all though, I had a great time at the Park!
The interior is worth seeing.  I think it really was an old parking garage.   High glass ceilings that let the sun in. . . trees. .  i mean really cool.   Food is very good.  I've had brunch and for dinner and i usually get the steak frites.Haven't been disappointed yet.  Drinks on the roof are always a pleasure as well--very fun scene and cool location.  TAke an ou-of-towner here after walking the high line.
Came here for a birthday drink fest for a couple of friends.  I won't hold it against the entire establishment, but my friends and I received terrible service  by one bespectacled barmaid in particular.  There we were, ready to celebrate... so we approach the bar to order a round of vodka sevens, Ketel One, that is.  Got our drinks (which we may as well have just ordered seven ups, there was so little vodka in them), requested limes (since she didn't even think to add them initially and subsequently thrown in our drinks with nary a squeeze), and paid (with a decent tip I might add).   Then, the aforementioned bespectacled barmaid proceeds to count the money we left and tells us SHE is shocked that we didn't leave her a tip.  We recounted the money and had indeed left more than adequate a tip.  Needless to say, I was appalled that she even had the gall to suggest that we were stiffing her given her spectacular service.  Psh.   Should've gone to the other end of the bar where there seemed to be friendlier barstaff.
The ambiance was great, everything else was meh. I set reservations day of thru yelp.  It took a few minutes to get seated even though there were plenty of seating around. Service was just okay. I ordered the artichoke dip, crudo pizza, and steak with fries. This had to be one of the worst steaks I ever had.  The steak itself was heavily drenched in salt, you would've thought it swam out of the ocean.  In addition, the fries were heavily sprinkled in salt.  Not worth $27 or even $15.  I only had one bite when I was going to ask for a new dish but my friend insisted on eating it himself. Disappointing.
Asians Asians EVERYWHERE!!!! I ended up at "The Park" around 3am... ladies free (yay), guys $10 (well, whatever). Walking inside was NOT what I had expected. It was HUUUGEE!! The space was really nice and I completely loved the decor. The first floor was lounge-y and the second floor was the actual dance area. Needless to say, we went upstairs and started off with a round of shots before heading to the dance floor. The music was good and mostly hip-hop. Plus it was ASIANS ASIANS EVERYWHEREEE!!! I guess EVERY night at The Park is Asian night. Overall, a great experience, good strong shot and I'll probably go back eventually. :)
We stumbled upon The Park restaurant after a walk down the high line. We were seated in a booth across from the garden area. The decor was beautiful--very open-air and refreshing. We arrived around brunch time and the restaurant was busy, mostly with families and couples. There was a family-feel. We ordered the breakfast pizza and the casear salad. The salad was good--fresh chicken and lettuce. The breakfast pizza was outstanding. It was extremely flavorful and had a perfect balance of egg/bacon/cheese. It was a good size so by the end of our meal, we were very satisfied. The prices are moderate and affordable. I would highly recommend this restaurant for brunch after a walk along the high line.
Went to a friend's birthday party a few months back at the Park. Way too crowd and the drinks weren't even that great. Not my cup of tea.
So I go there on a cold, winter night. One of those freezing, below 0 streaks we had here in NY. I was going there for a going away party. The bouncer checks my id and then asked for my credit card as another proof. I didn't have my card with me because 1) I carry cash, 2) I don't drink and 3) I had my boyfriend with me! Plus we are girls, I was using a clutch without and pockets in there, so less is best. Anyways, he said I can't go in because I "looked like some Asian girl inside". SERIOUSLY? You telling me I look like an Asian chick inside because I'm Asian?? Dude, half plus of The Park is ASIAN!  I'm 29 years old and you telling me I can't go in because I don't look my age or because you just openly racially profiled me? Honestly I'm skepticaled as to why he wanted my credit card. For all I know, these people can be capturing our card #'s and doing crazy crap with them. So anyways my boyfriend's friend was leaving to HK forever and we really just wanted to say our 'good byes'. SO I demanded to see the manager of security and guess what? HE WAS the manager. Dude, you serious? I called The Park up (yes, with my phone) and asked to speak to the manager in there. The hostess asked me what the problem was and I told her and she said she had to leave that up to the security. I told her if I don't get to speak to the manager of the bar I will yelp or citysearch them. Phone slipped and I dropped my phone (mind you it was -5 degrees and after wind chills it was probably -15). While waiting for my phone to reboot, I see a lady with a halter come out and asked me what my problem was. I told her that the bouncer thought I "looked like someone" inside and wouldn't let me in. HE DIDN'T EVEN SCAN MY ID!! She asked to talk to him and left us out there for 20 minutes THEN she came out and let me back in. This took over 40 mins in the freezing cold. Was it worth it? NO! But we had to say our good byes. The Park is over rated, drinks are expensive and they are REALLY racist. Ironically enough, towards their #1 Ethnicity customers- ASIAN. How weird, eh?
I've been here once for a drink with a friend, and later I came to check out for Brunch since I find the place looks charming. I truly love the style and decor of the place, but it's all it has to offer, or so it seems. This review is mostly about the brunch. Came with a friend, and although the waiter introduced himself in a very nice and friendly way afterwards he was nowhere to be seen. Constantly we had to track him down to simply order orange juice. I did not like that one bit. Then when the food came it was really mediocre, I was bothered by the fact that my meal came with a side of onions when on the menu didn't mention that anywhere and I don't like onions. I couldn't get the waiter to tell him because of course he was nowhere to be seen. It wasn't that crowded so I don't understand what was the hold up. Even the bill we had to order from someone else. My steak wasn't too good either. Over all, mediocre food and mediocre boderline bad.
I came here for a birthday brunch on a Sunday at 1:00PM.  We were waiting for a few people but the restaurant had no shortage of table and we were definitely ready to start ordering drinks but they made us wait until everyone arrived.  Kind of standard, but c'mon, the restaurant was half empty!  Even after telling us they would seat us we waited a good 5 minutes while the host and hostess chatted even though our table was supposedly set up and reserved. I had an AMAZING BLT with avocado and the banana bread the give you was so delicious but my friend ordered the pancakes with marscapone and there was MAYBE a tablespoon of marscapone on the whole order.  They never brought her syrup.  My other friend ordered the penne for $18, maybe if they had put it in a smaller bowl it would have looked like a full serving, but for that much it really should have been more. By far the most dissappointing aspect was the $10 bloody mary which was served in a 8-oz glass.  Now I know this is a nice place but this is brunch.  I've been to a ton of fancy brunch restaurants that put their brunch drinks on special or at least serve it in a glass with more than 2 sips. If our waiter hadn't been so adorable and great, this place would have gotten 2 stars.
This place is huge and pretty gorgeous. The lower part is mostly a restaurant, and the upper part is loungy, and parts are open windows/open roof, which is very nice on a summer night.   Cons - if you're going for the nightlife, people are pretty much just sitting around until 1am.  because on the upper part where the lounge/dance floor is, the music only plays near the bar, so you walk in and basically just hear people talking a lot and basically hear nearly no music as you walk away from the bar.  i looked around, lots of bored faces on those nice couches. it doesn't start get happening until like prob 1:30 to 2am.  it's definitely a nice place if you want to sit and talk to people and sip drinks, but for dancing I'd go somewhere else.   Also, it's actually pretty spacious, as in most other places are packed, this place you definitely get your own space and don't need to buy bottles for a nice sitting area, we got a huge couch pretty quickly when we walked in and sat until about 12:30 and decided to be literally the first people to start dancing, which is always a bit awkward and you definitely need just enough alcohol in your system.   Drinks are very strong. Music selection average.
I'd come back for the space and drinks. I had dinner at The Park, and though portions were worth what you're paying for, I rather spend dinner elsewhere. The service at The Park was good and there's a variety of options to choose from for dinner. I think this is your ideal dinner date place, given that you're surrounded by beautiful decor and romantic lighting. It gets obnoxious as it gets later into the night, when there are crowds of people coming in. It's def. worth coming in the summer, it's gorgeous and a great place to hang out with large groups of friends.
man there are a lot of a-z-n's here.  i normally like places that are oh so slightly more diverse, but i actually really like the park.  the main reason i like it is because the venue is so large- there's plenty of booths and seats to sit in on the first level, an area that is outdoors, and a large second floor with a dj (which is normally packed sardine style with dancing bodies).  i may be mistaken, but i think there's even a hot tub on the second floor as well.  ooo la la.  there's no cover, hardly ever a wait in line, and there's normally a street meat cart outside where i grab some halal food as i'm leaving for the night.  yay!
I'm a fan of this place. My friend and I have both had our birthdays here the last two years. Cool vibe and fancy decor. They have a lot of plants, nice and dim lighting, a coat check, two floors, lots of space, and much more. Since the place is very spacious and there's no cover it's a good spot to come with a big group. I'd recommend dressing up a bit. There's dancing, places to chill and sit and areas in between. Drinks are pricey but that's expected when it's a nice place without a cover charge. It's also right next to Avenue and 1Oak so if you're in the mood to hit up more than one place it's a great location.
I enjoyed this place. It's huge. There's a big courtyard area with trees (and I think it's indoors). There's also a second floor with a dance floor and a nice view outside. Crowd is very B&T.
The Park is definitely a unique location.  The interior is decorated to mimic, as its name suggests, a park.  And while it's nothing like Central Park, the theme comes across. I went here with a few friends late one night.  The music was good - some top 40 mixed in with some 90s.  Good stuff.  The only problem was the DJ changed the song every 30 seconds.  So, as soon as you get into a song, it changes.  This is one of my biggest peeves when it comes to DJs. Other than the DJs itchy track-changing finger, I like the Park a lot.  Will definitely go there again.
An amazing indoor/outdoor space with great ambiance and decor. Came here for a late night bite and was pleased with the food, although not blown away. Yellow split pea soup and Caesar salad were good, mushroom hash was flavorful, but pesto ricotta pizza came out a little dry and cold. How a pizza with that much potential oil could be dry, I don't know. The table arrangments are a little awkward, probably so that they can fit as many in as possible. Overall, a pleasant experience on a low-key NYC night.
For that entirely too large bar move. Once you get to the westerly location of this monstrosity of a bar you will almost immediately see a line...or the makings of a line, or just people smoking around a bouncer that wants you to think there is a line.  After you speak with this large, mostly uneducated individual he will inform you of the one rule which he knows in the universe...and no it's not the theory of relativity, it's not even 2+2=4, these are all far too complicated for this individual.  He will say if you have no ladies then you either can't get in, or will have to pay to get in...Now I understand this theory, I know the reason for these rules, so you would think that once you got in there would be about 5 girls to every guy...but no, there is an even split between guys and girls and now the bar is only filled with the desperate men that actually paid money to get in...look around and watch these poor desperate saps beg women to sleep with them only to realize that by the end of the night they will most likely go home with anyone left over. The following at this place is largely bridge and tunnel so when you see the guy standing on couches pumping his fist you know exactly where he is from.  The dance floor is quite spacious and the drinks are overpriced.  I guess the moral of this story is that bigger does not always mean better, and that not letting men in without women will not shift the numbers that much. In summation, my advice would be to avoid bars with lines, avoid bars where they tell you that you need women to get in (isn't the whole point of going to bars to meet women???) and most definitely avoid bars with names like "the park."  If you must go I would suggest packing a flask, or getting ridiculously shitfaced before showing up.  The $12 redbull vodka's and $6 Corona Extras just are not worth it my friend.  After getting hammered walk past the bouncer and right in, just ignore the line and he will think you just walked outside for a smoke.  Now go upstairs, and dance with that fat ugly slut by herself on the dance floor...why?  because you are one sick son of a bitch that's why.
The Park is always a place where my friends and I always end up, if we want to go dancing or clubbing. We love the fact that there's no cover and a minimal short wait to get in! I usually trek all the way up to the roof area where you can dance on the dance floor or sit outside where there is open space area to breathe in the fresh air! However, the top roof area is always so packed and the floor is sticky from the spilled drinks. Whereas the bottom floor has more open space and a lot more area to dance in. The drinks are overly priced! I think it's worth it, to cover the no cover-fee. The park is also right near the highline! Too bad the Highline closes after dusk, or else there would be drunk club goers puking or sleeping on the greens. There's a parking lot about a block away, $10 for the entire night if entered after a certain time! We park there all the time!
This place is huge! You walk in..and first its a restaurant/lounge..then you go upstairs..and there's an outdoor patio and a dance floor. The place has it all! This is definitely an Asian place. Asians...everywhere. haha. We met up with some mutual friends and just chatted and danced the night away. It's a cool place to meet people and also, the music is pretty good (not super great, but pretty good beats). I thought the drinks were kind of small? But whatever, the Park is just a cool place to go at night. And yes, I ran into yet another umich alum there. I think umich alum seem to be all over NYC. I did however, like the spacious environment. I get kind of sick of being cramped and running into people, so having a large space around me as I walked around or danced was quite pleasant. I barely got sweaty too. haha. I would go back, for sure!
The Park is clearly a place to frequent when you are completely f*cking trashed and looking to party and not looking for a nice place to lunch in the daytime. I came here for a late lunch with a couple friends.  The drinks were weak and expensive, the nicoise salad was offensively small, my friend's medium-well hamburger was burned-to-hell and inedible, the service was distracted and very scarce, my friend's lamb sandwich was good but he asked for a side salad and was instead brought fries. The bill came, it was high, and there were tears in my eyes I was so mad.  Human beings shouldn't be allowed to treat one another like this. The interior is fabulous, however.
I was here for a friend's birthday and not a huge fan of their food. Tried their steak with fries and thought things were a bit salty. It is  a pretty place, with lots of greens and it will be great for groups of friends to hangout on the second floor, which has a nice open sky area. They have decent music after 12...
one of my new favorite places... you cannot get in there without a girl, they put ridiculous effort to keep the ratio 50/50... so when you do get inside, your like 'damn, lots of girls!'. lots of room, outdoor, indoor, 2nd floor hip hop (dj was good)... crush it there
This is one of my favorite venues to go out at night when in a big group. I went this past weekend for my birthday (went last year as well), and it never seems to disappoint. I enjoy this place for several reasons: 1. The variety of rooms. I am at the age (mid-20s) when people's interests start changing. Some of my friends are beginning to settle down and get married, others still think they're in a frat and rage every weekend, and then there is everyone in-between. I don't like to disappoint my friends, so this place offers the best of both worlds. There are places to dance, but also places to sit and chill. It's definitely not quiet at night, so don't bring a friend who is looking for a relaxing, jazz-playing scene, but it it can host a variety of personalities. 2. The Scenery. I love parks in general, so it's awesome to have a place that resembles the outdoors even in the colder months. There is one dining area that has trees and plants, and it feels like you are outdoors (without the cold, frigid air). Some of the other rooms are more traditional, but this is by far my favorite room. I haven't been to the Park in the summer months, but apparently the upstairs (and maybe other rooms?) are open. 3. Spacious and no cover. There is nothing worse than having to pay a cover to stand in a cramped space and then proceed to have to pay for drinks that cost $15+. The drinks here aren't cheap, so be prepared for that, but you can easily bring a large group and have fun. The place does get crowded late at night, but depending on which room you are in, you can find space. There is also a coat check if you don't want to lug around a jacket. Overall, fun place at night to bring friends. Be prepared to spend money on drinks, but also be prepared for a good atmosphere and fun time.
I had a great brunch here a few weeks ago.  My friend and I were able to get seated in the faux outdoor area, which was really nice.  It took a while to get seated as while we were waiting in the bar, it seemed as though the hostess had forgotten about us.  Once we went back to check on our spot on the list, we were seated immediately. We ordered a breakfast pizza and the ricotta pancakes.  The breakfast pizza was delicious: not too greasy and with a chewy crust.  The ricotta pancakes were light and fluffy and the orange mascarpone was a nice touch.  We also really liked the banana bread that was served while we were waiting for our food...after waiting so long in the bar, it was nice to have something to tide us over.
The service was quite terrible when I went. We had to wait a full 15-20 minutes just to order and when we were out of water after waiting so long, our server Miguel didn't even bother to refill our bottle until moments later. After waiting so long for our food, you would think they would have the decency to at least notify us. It was not until another 30 minutes later that the manager came out and informed us that the kitchen became backed up and our food should be out in roughly 5 more minutes. It was another 10 minutes later until we got our food. At least, the manager had the decency to inform us while our server was just strolling around checking the other tables. I order the Lamb meat pizza and was extremely disappointing with how cold it turned out to be. The pizza itself was so/so because with the lack of how everything held together. I could barely pick up my pizza since it fell apart even when i tried to pick it up delicately. Sorry, but i could find better places nearby that will do a better service.
Finally got a chance to try Park last night for a friend's birthday. We were a large group of 12 and had a dinner reservation but still had to wait about 15 minutes for our table.  We got seated in the garden area which is really pretty. Dinner Review: Our waitress was nice but terrible at her job. We saw her three times: to get our drink order, to get our food order, and then to give us our check.  She never came back to see if we needed more drinks which meant that several people from our table had to get up and order drinks from the bar. When you're with a large group they make you order off a separate menu "large platters" which is very limited and definitely not as appealing as their regular menu. I got the gnocchi dish to share and it was probably the worst gnocchi I ever had. It was under cooked and the creamy sauce it was in was way too salty. Not sure about everyone else's dish but no one seemed very happy. The bus boys never cleared our table so we had to place all our dirty dishes on an empty table next to us. Since we never saw our waitress we had to ask a random server for our check. They didn't add gratuity to our bill which was nice since most restaurants do, regardless we still left 20 percent tip. The atmosphere is really nice but not worth the terrible dinner service. Bar review: After dinner we stayed for drinks and dancing, we tried the red room and the upstairs area both were nice but neither was great. The drinks were pretty strong and the music was okay, mostly top 40s. I was with a fun group of people so
i like cool different spots for bars, lounges etc...but ok maybe obvious that who likes something mundane...but what I  like about this place is you can smoke...i should not like t as they made me put out the cigar that i asked if i could smoke then another person trumped the first....anyways they have a huge atrium to sit and smoke and lounge.  they have an upstairs area for dancing and hanging.  basically saved my arse as i always lose my stuff and hers.   thanks park.
I always thought this place was a tourist trap and avoided it - but I had the opportunity to visit The Park for a yelp event and was blown away by the space.  It felt like 4 businesses in one!  Multiple bars and a restaurant on the ground level, club downstairs, and then another bar upstairs - all with separate alcoves of lounge seating to take a break from dancing, have a conversation with a friend, or hide from a creep.  Unfortunately I didn't get to sample any of the food, but the drinks were great, and readily available with the excess of bars.   I loved the all of the trees and plants within the space - it truly made you feel like you were in a park!  Would go back for happy hour, as the large space lends itself well to big groups, or dancing late night in the lower layer!
I came here for a quick round of drinks with a few of my buddies. It doesn't really seem like the kind of place that needs a rope line, but they put it out at 10:30 PM. At that time, the bar area isn't that crowded, so it was easy enough for us to grab a couple seats at the bar and take it easy. The service was pretty standard, the drinks weren't terribly expensive ($6 per Bud Light), and the ambiance was decent. We checked out the rooftop quickly, but if you don't have a seat, it gets pretty crowded and stuffy quickly. There really isn't much of a view either, as the outdoor patio upstairs is in a recessed area relative to the street. It's a solid place to meet up with friends, but if I had my choice I'd probably stick to a bar that was closer to where I live. It's nothing so remarkable that I'd make the crosstown trip on a regular basis.
When you walk into a 600 square foot dining room. with at best 3-5 booths filled and are taken to a wooden table in the corner. You ask if you can take a booth and are told that we expect "300 people in about 10 mins" so you have to sit here or leave.... You leave...no idea on how to treat customers. I had eaten here before and the food was fine. However after this...a must to avoid !!
where to start? I was with my boyfriends sister and we hungry after walking along the highline so we decide to check out the menu and grab lunch here... It looks adorable from outside with the patio and such... 1 - The host tells us we can sit inside but there is a ten minute wait for outside, okay fine sit us inside.... only for us to notice the 2 waiters working are serving both and inside tables, including ours, so why couldn't we sit at the open table outside? I don't know but whatever... 2 - It took about ten mintues of our watier to even come greet us, he looked over a few times, and then finally came over asked us if we needed a few minutes to order - um take my drink order, thanks? So we obvously had enough time to look over the menu so we order our drinks, white wine for me and sangria for my boyfriends sister. I order a burger she ordered a pesto pizza. 3- ANOTHER ten minutes come by, we get our warm water with no ice & our drinks. My pinot, that cost $9 a glass, tasted horrible, I mean you can goto a grocery store and buy better wine at mid night when all of the liquor stores are closed. The sangria was okay, she did not like it, they served odd to me in a glass with a straw. 4- My burger comes, on a soggy english muffin that was microwaved and then tossed on the grill for some grill lines & my fries had pine needles tossed in with them... I am all for making the plate look nice, this did not look nice, and it tasted like i was chewing on my christmas tree, gross. She liked the pizza though. 5- Never did our waiter come back to ask if we needed anything, more to drink or if everything was okay. After we finished another TEN went by and we finally were asked if we wanted coffee... um no i want to get out of here thanks. Our check comes and we head out the door to the hosts not saying good bye. Really? How rude are you. To chalk it up, I would never come back here if I was paid to. Adorable setting but terrible service.
Some obnoxious old queen in my neighborhood recently got into a Yelp battle with me over my review of a small cafe in my hood...and said that "your passionate reviews have become sort of a joke for us"- suggesting that he and his gaggle of smug friends pour over my reviews to see what the "crazy guy" has said lately.  More power to him...so this one should be choice fodder for his reading pleasure. My boyfriend and I ran in here to grab brunch, based on checking it out multiple times from the street.  It is a gigantic, extremely cool space- with both cozy quiet corners and seating out in the thick of the party.  There was confusion at the host stand over what to do with us but we were eventually led to a table out on the main floor.  The place was hopping and very busy.  We settled in and, while waiting for a waiter to arrive, we noticed a gang of super toney typical Chelsea gays and their gal pals at a large table near us.  Like, I am telling you- 12 of the waxiest spray tanned perfectly pomaded and coifed gay robots you have ever seen.  We continued to wait and tried hard to ignore the endless giggles over the party the night before, the planned vacations, the new hairstyle.  And we continued to wait...and wait.  Eventually a waiter came by and asked if someone had taken care of us, and when he realized we hadn't been helped at all he proclaimed, "oh for god sakes...seriously?  I am taking care of you!"...and we realized he had a section on the other side of the restaurant!  He was super funny and attentive, and at one point we realized we all caught each other glaring and rolling our eyes at the Chelsea-Gay table at the same time- which made us love him even more.  Once he was on the case, we got a basket of pretty delicious breakfast breads.  Our food was another bit of a wait, and when it arrived- my frittata had one wrong ingredient and the side on my boyfriend's steak and eggs was wrong. We were hungry at this point and decided to suck it up and eat. The food was all well prepared and well seasoned.  About 5 minutes into our dishes, a food runner appeared and wandered around our section carrying what looked like duplicates of our dishes and looking very confused.  We realized we had received someone else's food and that our waiter must have made the order correctly- only to have the expediter and runners screw it up and deliver the wrong orders.  Despite the hiccups along the way, we really enjoyed the food.  Our waiter comped our drinks, and we made sure to handsomely tip him for making us feel cared for in what was looking like a pretty dismal service situation at the onset.  For the neighborhood and the quality of food, I think they are really pretty reasonably priced. Since that outing, we have gone back multiple times- mostly for drinks and appetizers with friends.  The white sangria is a real stand out when they are offering it.  Their pizzas are also usually winners. My only other big complaint is the presence of a bathroom attendant in the evening (it might just be a weekend thing).  This is NOT the kind of super swank full service restaurant that merits having a bathroom attendant.  I was incredibly uncomfortable as this gigantic dude in a white waiter's jacket watched me peeing at the urinal, then turned on the faucet and squirted hand soap into my hand!  I felt for him, but I was so weirded out and uncomfortable and so angry at the restaurant for making me feel that way just because I needed to pee- that I sheepishly muttered "uh, thanks?" and rushed out of the bathroom without tipping him.
The Park never fails to provide a lively and social atmosphere. My friends and I went here on Saturday night to celebrate some birthdays and we definitely had a blast. I haven't been to the Park in probably a year or so. Before, there was always a crowd but never filled with so many people. I was caught off guard to be bumping shoulders everywhere I stepped. Nevertheless, the venue is larger than most bar/lounge places in the city. The night I was there they had blocked off the downstairs bar for a private party, something which they don't usually do. I would have given this place 5 stars but one of the bartenders had such a bad attitude I can't bring my self to add that extra star. I'm not sure if she was taking the advantage that I had a few drinks and decided to over charge. Regardless, she didn't get a tip from me. The music is always good. I'm a little picky when it comes to songs and keeping the crowd entertained. The DJ plays different genres throughout the nights so theres a mix of hip hop and house. The crowd is mid to late twenties which is great since you don't have to deal with the crazy kids at pacha.
I've visited the park a couple times in the past few years, and while i absolutely love the adorable outdoor/gardenish area, and the ambiance is in general beautiful, after finally returning for dinner tonight i think i'll keep my visits to an afternoon beverage capacity... Since we waited to make dinner reservations until late saturday afternoon for saturday night (my dad was visiting so i wanted to take him somewhere nice that i'd been dying to try out for awhile), everywhere was booked until 11 pm... Honestly I'm not even sure how the park finally crossed our minds, but the menu looked fairly diverse, and as it is a bit out of the way from subways, and the venue is enormous they could easily accommodate us for dinner. We walked over from 7th, and they seated us in the garden area--but naturally in the middle between multiple crowded tables, which i hate..they said we could sit elsewhere when i asked but that the service would be slow, so we stayed in the middle of the other tables. My dad wanted to get the calimari to share, then a caesar salad, then a burger, while i ordered a yellowfin i had never heard of that comes with watermelon and other bizarre sounding garnishes, and the salmon (substituting spinach for the corn)...they were out of yellowfin so it was bluefin today, but the appetizer while somewhat bizarre was actually quite good.  The calimari wasn't for me as they didnt have the tentacle type pieces, only the rings, of which i'm less fond. My fish was extremely "fish tasting," i.e. little flavor other than of the strong fish itself.  My dad liked his burger, but after the meal i did feel somewhat ill... All in all it was cute, as always, but nothing phenomenal, and probably wouldn't be back for food. Sangria pitchers during the day on the other hand, absolutely. Also if you like homemade thin crusted pizzas, they make those as well, which looked as though they could be good-and my dad's burger smelled like one that was cooked on an actual grill (rare and a plus in my book). The entire bill was only around $50, so well priced at least!
Went for dinner and was not impressed. The calamari was like any diner calamari and the spinach and artichoke dip tasted like cheese. The burger did not look or taste good. The food at The Park is in my opinion just really overpriced bar food. What you are really paying for is the great space and setting. The only reason this place got 2 stars is for the actual restaurant itself. Came here late at night for drinks and to party a few times in the past and had a good time. My advice, skip this place for dinner and only go late night.
went here for a meeting today. Service - pretty terrible. Food  - below average. Design / ambiance - fantastic. It's like a temporary respite from the claustrophobia of manhattan, and fits perfectly with the far chelsea neighborhood. It's really the only reason to come here, but is a pretty good reason nonetheless.
all the reviews are accurate. great spot to hang and have some drinks but not the best for a relaxing dinner at night with the loud music blasting. service also isn't the best but the place gets the job done and I'll probably be back.
Very nice place. I'm surprised i didn't come here before! I LOVED the decor, it set the perfect tone for the place. The layout was kind of weird though because to get upstairs you have to pass through a sit down dinner area. Definitely big, so great for a big birthday party. No cover, great music, decent drinks (kind of expensive) but hey thats more than you can find at other places in the city.
As a restaurant, this place has pretty decent food. But on the pricier side. Service is not bad. yummy but pricy cocktails starting at $12 dollars. The ambiance of the restaurant is great. They have several different room. I like the room towards the inside that actually looks like an actual park with real trees etc. You actually feel like you are dining inside a park except that you are indoor. The red room also is dark and romantic. They have a lounge upstairs that has an inside lounge and an actual rooftop/balcony that is sealed during the winter time with heat lamps on top. The lounge opens after midnight on weekends and only 21+ can enter. And no cover all night. They have just okay music and the lounge gets super pack and super hot around 1am. the sound system and the stereo is very bad. Way too loud in the indoor lounge, and not loud enough to dance on the balcony. The drinks here are also very pricy and watered down. $12 dollars for one cocktail, $11 dollars for a shot..ouch...The crowd is mixed with all races. I usually only come here when there are no options left. Not a bad place to hit up with a group of friends
Had went for my 21st birthday on a saturday night, I love the open space of the garden. It's a little cramped in the red room but try to sit in the garden its beautiful. The drinks are great, maybe a little overpriced but they are worth it. Its kind of a mixed crowd with also mixed music. The age group had to be from 24 & older. I enjoyed my experience & will go back. And the no Cover fee is also great.
Very fun place for brunch. The decor is very cute, the prices are reasonable and the food is good. We got the huevos rancheros and the french toast, both were great. The service was great!
I was there for a friend of a friend's birthday party on a Saturday night. We were there before 12, so we all got drinks fairly quickly. But by the time we managed to climb the stairs, which I expected to be larger and wider since they're the only ones that seemed to lead to the second floor, we realized we should have stayed downstairs where it was much cooler and less crowded. The first floor has two bar areas, an open seating area where you can order drinks and a restaurant area. If I'd gotten there earlier, I would've sat around and gotten something to nibble on. But I grew to tolerate the second floor when we decided to try and get some physical activity aka dancing in. The music was pretty decent (there was a girl dj), the crowd was mixed (diversity's always a plus), and at least some people were dancing. Still the rooftop area was sweltering and I probably looked like a mess sweating profusely from just standing around. Despite the physical discomfort, I did manage to enjoy myself there and I would go back...just not on a Saturday night.
After going a few times, the most recent time proved that this place is definitely not worth it. The first times, the waitresses were rude and slow with the orders. But the ambiance and decor of the place evened out bad aspects. However the most recent time, I made a reservation for a large party a month in advance only to have the restaurant call me at week in advance saying they can't accommodate the reservation, getting the day and time and number of people completely confused. I had to spend my week on the phone with a variety of completely incompetent people, each referring me to someone else, figuring out what to do only to have the place realize their mistake in the reservation and they finally gave me some sort of confirmation. The reservation was for 10pm. We were seated at 11. Shortly after being seated, the entire party was carded. Regardless of the fact that we came for dinner, not watered down drinks, AND that only the 21 year olds were drinking (knowing the place was strict with ids), the entire party was told to leave after sitting for about 20 minutes because not everyone was of age. Unbelievably embarrassing to happen on your own birthday... If you want to be treated rudely and have your waitresses gossip about your table on the side, this is definitely the place to go.
The place looked really nice from the outside and we spent our last night in New York there. Unfortunately, we were sitted in the "park" area of the restaurant, which ended up being really cold, especially since we were in March. When we told the waitress that we were cold, she just answered that she knew about it and was sorry, but didn't provide with any solution, such as a table in the main (heated) room. The food was ok but not especially great. So that's only a 2-stars restaurant for me, sorry!
The set-up is beautiful. It's open, airy, and beautifully lit.   Came here for a surprise birthday party and they were incredibly welcoming and accommodating - allowing us to arrive 30 minutes early and bring confetti for the table. The downside was that the food was pretty subpar and I think I remember the drinks being on the expensive side :(
The brunch menu is amazing. There is a dance floor on the second floor that opens up at night. Though it is close in proximity to Chelsea... the dance floor isn't very gay. But, still a good time. Music was also great.
I'm from SF and I know the party scene...The Park was freakin' awesome man! I wish i was there right now (and its morning time).
I've been to The Park on 3 occasions, each time steady got worse. Service: Very Bad. I think because the space is so big, wait staff tend to forget about you and what you ordered. The wait staff also does not know the items on the menu. ( EG.  I passed on ordering the "Clams w/ Pasta" because the waiter explained it as having "a white cream sauce".  It was actually a seafood broth, as learned when someone else at my table recieved it). Everytime I been there I felt like I was getting a waiter/waitress on their first day. Not good. Food : Over-priced Portions: Small Taste: Average. (Don't not get pasta with tomato sauce, it is sour and not well made.) Location and space : Great, beautiful location
3.5 to be honest. I had a good time, but I was with fun people. The music is all right. They didn't start playing decent music until after midnight, which is weird. Outside area is nice because it doesn't get too stuffy. The crowd seems more Asian. No cover, and it's a rather large place. Upstairs is dancing. Downstairs is the restaurant, so just sitting down and chilling. I think The Park is a decent place to go on the weekends, but it isn't amazing.
Holy crap this place is gorgeous. I had a meet up here during lunch on a nice warmish day and sat in the outdoor area under the canopy.  One of the most beautiful spots I've dined in.   This is not an area I am extremely familiar with so I had no idea when I came here at noon during the week that there was a club upstairs.  I was also doing business and decided to stick to a mint lemonade, no alcohol.  It was delicious. I got a steak salad which was rather meager.  It tasted good and the meat was tender, but I was still hungry.  The pizza I tried from someone else was very good and looked more filling.  So did the burger another person ordered. If I ever need to set up another lunch meeting here I think I'll get the burger.
So, after my friends discovered that 40/40 on a Friday night around 12 a.m. is Wiggidy Wack, we stumble on this place. The place is Humongous (sp) and the Decor is pretty darn cozy chic. After about a 2 mile walk we get to the top level dance floor, and it was ON! my friends. It was not super crowded at all and the ppl were pretty OK. The music was great too, a pretty balanced mix of genres; she even played reggae which many of the downtown clubs I frequent don't do too much of. I loved it, and will definitely be dropping by again sometime soon!
I went to this restaurant/lounge for the first time this week.  The space is great and the rooftop bar is a cool place for an event or party.  We were so enthused about this spot that we decided to leave the party on the rooftop and have dinner downstairs.  The results were mixed.  Our waitress was really friendly and our fried calamari appetizer was light and well prepared.  But we both ordered the "blackened" catfish for entrees.  Not a good choice.  The blackened part of the catfish consisted of some sort of syrupy and sweet sauce and the catfish itself seemed tough and overcooked.  So we sent our entrees back and ordered the yellow fin tuna (excellently and simply prepared with a light sauce on the side ) and the pizza margherita.  These entrees were much better.  But when I asked to take the rest of my pizza to go, it was strangely brought back to me stuffed in a Chinese food container.  Very tacky.  I would have received a proper pizza box at a Brooklyn takeout spot.  Architecturally Park is a great place and good for drinks and people watching,  but the food and service is hit and miss.
Love the atmosphere at this place. It has a unique set up and looks like a cool spot to have dinner. I went there with some friends to have some drinks and dance. It was a pretty diverse crowd which was cool. Some people were dressed pretty casually as well- and the bouncers didn't give them a hard time. There was no cover -win!  BUT the drinks are typical way too expensive NYC drinks. Beforehand I went to a bar with much better and cheaper drinks so it was hard to wrap my head around the drinks there-kind if disappointing but like I said typical of a lot of NY night spots. They have some seating upstairs along with a long of room to dance and mingle. I would go back but wouldn't purchase drinks.
Got here last Saturday at 2 AM. The place was packed but there was no line to get in. Crowd was about 75% Asian, with the rest black or Jewish. Sadly (as a Jew), dancing ability was about 95% black, with the rest Asian and Jewish. Considering how busy it was (and the somewhat bizarre practice of getting re-carded at the bar itself), the bartenders served drinks very quickly. I went up twice behind tons of people and never waited more than 5 minutes to be served. Drinks ranged from $8-$15 depending on liquor type. The music was a mix of 90's and early 00's (Chronic 2001 made several notable appearances). Kind of random at times, but worked for the crowd. The place itself is several floors, with a large open garden on the 2nd floor adjoined by a big indoor dance space. Overall, I thought it was a good hybrid place - it combined the dancing/laid back nature of a midtown bar with some of the ambiance of the MPD. Not quite as classy as everything in the area, but a nice option if you don't want to wait in line forever.
The food was delicious, however that was the only good part. The hostess seemed to try to sit us far away from everybody else, but that wasn't a huge issue. It took at least 20 minutes for anybody to greet us at all and when our waiter did greet us he did not apologize for the wait and took a while to come back with water, which there was not nearly enough of. After we ordered it probably took another 50 minutes at least for us to get our food and although our waiter passed by several times he did not apologize for our wait, bring more water, or acknowledge us in any way. A food runner brought the food and our waiter never came by to ask if it was ok. We finished quickly because we were famished and then waited another 30 minutes before anyone was around for us to ask for the cheque. We asked the manager and our waiter and waited probably another 15 minutes while our waiter walked by bringing drinks to other tables and avoiding eye contact. We ended up leaving money on the table because we knew it would be ages before the cheque came. I understand as a server myself that things happen and somebody probably didn't show up that night and he was busy, however there was no communication. I've loved this restaurant in the past but now I'll hesitate to return. There was no apologizing from the manager either, in fact he was condescending when we asked for the cheque.
Whole Grilled Branzino was incredible. Go when you want "Esca" quality but prefer a seat under the lighted trees of the park-like setting. Huge place broken ito several intimate dining/seating areas. Choose indoor for more formal banquettes. And of course break open an orange from the huge wire baskets.  Your table will smell delightful and your friends will be charmed. Superb finish to great food.
Looove The Park. A hip, young and laid back crowd (somewhat rare combo these days, don't you think?) and some strong drinks make this place an excellent choice for a night out with friends. Good food, good service, and overall wonderful atmosphere.
Good Atmosphere, Meh food, terrible service. If your looking to sit around and chat while your food order is forgotten and your drinks are watered down this is your spot. 2 stars for decor.
This place was not bad. Here's the thing: - Great atmosphere. Fun place to meet with friends, big comfy booths, not loud, etc. - Service was only ok. Our waitress wasn't super attentive. I had to ask for bread with our dinner, and it wasn't very good. - Drinks are small, but strong....but pricey at $12. - Food was ok. Nothing special, just fine. - It turns into something swanky at night.
I've been to The Park twice for brunch and loved it both times. Delicious food, unique atmosphere and it's so big you can't hear the conversation of the brunchers near you. The lattes they serve are big, fluffy and smooth. For brunch the breakfast pizza and the french toast are both delicious. For lunch, the BLT (w/ avocado!) is divine.
my experience at the park in chronological order 1. made my 11 guests and i wait 40 minutes (with reservation) before seating 2. seated us in wrong room 3. ignored us for 15 minutes until i had to get up and ask the manager for water, a waitress and menus 4. waitress watches my bf put down empty drink during appetizers. proceeds to not ask if we want another round the whole rest of the meal. 5. manager asks "what do you want me to do" when at the end of the meal i said the poor service was surprising.... then walks away from me as i'm mid-sentence responding. 6. raises music volume to club level out of retaliatory spite. Congratulations to The Park for turning the city's prettiest outdoor seating restaurant into my worst birthday dinner ever. You win with flying colors!!
The environment is really chill and makes you feel like you are actually eating out in a park. The service was very friendly and quick. I had oysters and a personal pizza. Both were properly served and very delicious with the sides.
Went here recently for brunch and fell in love! The indoor garden patio was magical - the perfect refuge on a miserably cold and wet morning. It also helped keep our toddler entertained as he looked in awe from tree to tree, bird to bird, statue to statue. There were lots of nooks and crannies to explore - different dining zones, but also a few casual seating areas, some with fireplaces that looked oh-so-cozy and enticing...I totally want to come back for cocktails one night. The staff was super attentive, from host and roaming manager to waiters and busboys. The menu had a few interesting items, which of course we had to try. Hubby got the ham and cheese waffle and loved it. I had a stuffed french toast, which was actually an entire loaf of bread. Kinda crazy. We got a yogurt parfait for the little one - it was enormous, and loaded with a ton of fresh fruit. We also tried some of their fancy bevvies - a smoothie with bee pollen, and a mint lemonade, and both were delicious. The banana bread at the start was also good - actually more of a substantive savory bread than the traditional cakey variety, but served with a sweetened butter, which made for a good combo. Can't wait to return!
Rating: 3.5 Went for a birthday brunch and we were seated in the outdoor area which didn't have any fans and it was a hot day.  The waiter served us room temperature water and was kind of put off when we asked for some ice.  If it weren't for the crunch french toast, then they'd definitely be getting a 2!  It was delicious and crunchy and so yummy in my tummy.  At first I was tempted to get the ricotta pancakes but I was glad the waiter recommended the french toast.  I tried a bit of the ricotta pancakes and it was good but not enough orange marmalade sauce.  Also had the chicken apple sausage, which was good but not the best I've had.   Crunchy French toast all the way!
This place is very hit or miss. Some night's it's crowded, the music is great, and I can't stop dancing. Other nights, the crowd is weird and the music sucks and everyone stands around feeling awkward. Even so, I've had some of the best memories, at Park, so it holds a dear place in my heart. The downstairs floor is more low key and a nice spot to sit and sip on drinks. I can't say anything about the food. I am a fan of the indoor, lit trees though :)
The food gets 3 1/2 stars. The service, while pleasant, was a rad slow. Atmosphere gets 5 stars. Tons of interesting nooks and crannies to hang in. Decor was open but cozy with the darkness of the wood. We are in the atrium which was outstandingingly interesting with the birds and the trees. A great relaxer. The food was good but nothing extra special. Our fave was the polenta w eggs and pancetta. Good bar tender. The drinks tasted like they were supposed to and not some poor substitute.   We would go back again in an instant.
3.5 probably the easiest place to bring out of towners (near meatpacking).  no line, no hassle or cover, wide open space thus not too crowded (thus good for bringing your own group of friends).  outdoor area, huge is relative but for nyc, makes CA people feel at home.  next door is currently "the avenue" and more the strict bouncer type of place but it keeps changing apparently.  open till 4.  artichoke pizza opening nearby!
Only after 30 minutes of existential crisis about how old I am and how everybody looks like teenagers did I figure out this is an 18+ club. Whew. The Park is really interesting inside, there are many different rooms and a very outdoorsy feel. If only I was 20 years younger, I would have had a great time. If you're over 30, don't bother coming here, unless you enjoy people-watching, which I do. The great thing about being over 30 in a place like this is you are virtually invisible, so you can just stare at people and play "Kill, Marry, F*ck" for HOURS without anyone noticing you.
Recently visited New York from Boston and enjoyed dinner at The Park with friends.  I got the gnocchi and we shared the calamari.  My friends got the Salmon, Sundried Tomato Pizza, and a few other dishes I can't remember. We all seemed to agree that the food was fairly average.  I feel like I could have made my meal at home (with a little more flavor!) but my friends enjoyed their meals a bit more. The reason I'm giving The Park 4 stars is for the ambience.  The main dining area is spacious, and the park seating is very nice.  The rooftop bar is GORGEOUS.  It was raining the night we visited but it was still really enjoyable. In general, I would say dining somewhere else but ending the night at The Park is a great Saturday night.
What happened to this place?!  It used to be good.  Great location, great decor, great space.  But if the food sucks, what's the point?  They need to fire their chef and get the person they had a few years ago.
This review is for the lounge/after dinner entertainment at The Park. This place is huge and each area has a different vibe. The lobby area is crowded since they don't open up the upstairs until past midnight. They like to create a line of really young looking people. I swear some of the people in line looked like 16 year olds. They were definitely high schoolers with fake IDs. Yes, that must be it. Back to the lobby area they have few seating available and snotty people sitting in them. There is no indication that these seats were "reserved" except for the rude and catty girls who will claw you if you sit down after they've left the area vacant. In between the upstairs and first floor is another bar area. It's very dark and very low key. There are tons of tables and seats available in the restaurant area. There must be over a thousand fairy lights all lit up. It's actually very romantic- a nice place to snuggle or have a drink and light up. The club portion of The Park upstairs is pretty nice in different respects. Its got an Asian theme going on, plenty of room to dance, plenty of seating to lounge, and a huge aquarium with fishies. But the DJ really sucked that night and the crowd wasn't really poppin. Aside from the decor, I just wasn't feelin it.
Stopped by for late lunch after walking the High Line. Waited 30-40 mins for table even though there were empty tables available. Great setting and decor. Friendly staff. BUT....I waited 10-15 minutes for my Bloody Mary. Had to ask waitress where my drink was before it was finally delivered. TWICE, my daughter's order was brought to the table incorrectly. Ordered a veggie burger and both times was a Turkey Burger. 3rd time was a charm! As an apologetic gesture for the mishap, we were brought 4 glasses of Champagne. Very nice, BUT, I was charged on my bill $36 for this! If I didn't look over the bill I would have paid for something I did not even order or want. When I brought this to waitress' attention, she knew immediately why I called her over which meant she knew it was on the bill to begin with. How on earth could she have given me that bill knowing I was charged for drinks that were supposed to be on the house. Inexcusable and I will not be back anytime soon, even though we really loved the feel of the restaurant and the food. Too bad.
For a first timer in new York, this venue was absolutely impressive. It's kind of like a combined restaurant with a club upstairs. The restaurant has different areas and has really a "park" theme to it inside. Not the kiddie park, more like old brick wall with branches hung with yellow Christmas lights cute date night out chill with friends. Absolutely beautiful. They have a dance floor as well in the restaurant. There is a fire place area with couches if you want to wait while the club opens up. Even that area is gorgeous. Then when you walk upstairs to the club, it seems like you're walking into like a dark greenhouse I should say with the bar on the left, straight ahead the main dance floor and right in front of it is a big fish tank. Lots of seating available. I came on a Friday night and the kind of music they play is top 40 which is awesome coz I think majority can relate and dance to. Drinks a little up there $10+ I should say. I had a sex on the beach didn't really like it but then again disclaimer, im not much of a drinker. I like sex on the beach drink better back in Miami. My friends kinda liked it. This rating is based on everything but food coz I didn't get to try. Seriously, I do encourage recommend you to check this place out. something unique. No cover too! Outfit casual dressy if you want. Crowd middle 20's and above. 21 and over
The ambiance here is really nice - had dinner in the courtyard around 9pm after a walk along the high line.  what a great idea.   The food wasn't spectacular, but it was still nice.  The waiter was attentive and friendly - offered his food suggestions for food.  I had the fish special.
What a charming, romantic, yet casual place in Chelsea! The space and decor is outstanding. I really wanted to sit outside to get the rainforest experience, alas it was raining, so the hostess offered a booth inside instead which was equally enjoyable. I didn't get to go to the lounge part, but I'm sure that must be trendy as well. Food was great but nothing mind blowing. Pretty standard stuff but tasty. I had the gnocci with arugula and pancetta, and I ordered the coconut creme crepe for dessert. The dessert was delish! My only complaint are the bathroom stalls. Tiny, dark, and gross. Bring your own toilet paper as they might not have them here. Also, I may or may not have seen poop smeared on the walls. So gross!
went there on a dead night for dinner, everything was good, but thats it. i wanted to sit on the rooftop, i heard so much about. oh whell..i walked to the highline afterwards and saw the roots...they rocked...
very nice ambience and interior space. i looked at the menu and the pricing is up there.  i was here with some folks and had a guiness.
Came here after visiting the highline because it looked so nice in the inside. The decorations made the restaurant very fancy and with a nice ambience. It was nice and cozy in there too because of the candles. My friend and I shared the fried calamari, the potato gnocchi and a pesto pizza. The pizza was a larger portion that we expected and we could not finish it. It wasn't the best pizza I ever had. The potato gnocchi was not bad, but the taste didn't stand out to me either. The fried calamari was a bit salty. The prices were not bad.All of this for about 32dollars! I would only come here for the decoration, not really for the food.
Huge space, which is a nice change in NYC.  Good drinks, decent food. I really only have come here because I love the garden area.  Since it gets super crowded at night, if you are avoiding that, it is best 6-8pm.   Perfect to have a drink out in nice surroundings and go for a walk on the HiLine later
The food was disappointing.  The white wine was warm. But it is a beautiful space and I can imagine it to be a great party place. To bad that YELP doesn't offer a chance to review as different venues.
The food was great!! Love the atmosphere will go more often.
The more I come here, the more I like it.  The Park is a huge restaurant with many rooms that's turned into a bar/club atmosphere after hours.  There is no cover and the line can get long, but it moves quickly.  Warning: If you're wearing a collared shirt and/or sneakers (or anything other than dress shoes) you won't be allowed in, yet I saw a man in a cut-off muscle shirt and cargo shorts wandering about which made no sense but hey, I'm not the bouncer. The space itself is beautiful.  You get an outdoor vibe with all the greenery and if you go upstairs you overlook like High Line.  There are multiple bars throughout so you won't have a problem getting a drink.  There's also a room for dancing and there's plenty of room to sit as well. It's very rare that I actually like a place like this, so The Park, you have a special place in my drunken heart.
Friend works in the area and we ended up coming here for brunch.   I usually have a rule against eating something that turns into a club at night, but I didn't know this was a club.  It probably worked out for the best.   Brunch was decent; I'd come back if I was in the area and if there weren't so many places to try.
Disclosure: I hate clubs and most of those who frequent them.  Call me judgey pants all you want - but I am a total hater. The music, the scene, the price.... UGH. The Park had the bad music down.  The scene wasn't nearly as bad as most clubs, especially in the immediate area.  The crowd was slightly more casual than those at the neighboring clubs as well, though there was still a serious faction of girls wearing what I must assume were shirts and not actually dresses.  If I can see your birth canal when you bend over, it's definitely too short. Here's the deal with The Park. Expensive drinks (which I have to admit were at least strong as hell) and average food.  Terrible service in the restaurant area. Mixed crowd as far as age/style for both the restaurant diners and the late nighters. No cover, though. The selling point of this place was the lounge area, which is dotted with large trees, a high glass/open ceiling, stone benches and cute outdoorsy furniture. Though you can't smoke there, despite the fact that you are TECHNICALLY outside. That was my favorite spot by far. The indoor areas were about 1000 degrees and the upstairs was packed and loooooud. I believe it's uncovered in decent weather, though with this summer, who remembers what that's like? Like I said, total hater. I did really enjoy sitting underneath the trees with some distance between me and the grinding/making out faction. Did I enjoy it enough to go back? No.  Neither the restaurant nor the late night faction was all that impressive. Skippable fo' sheez.
The Park is a beautiful space. The bar had only one gal working and we sat for 10 minutes and never got service. The hostess was rude so we left. Too bad the place looks adorable but they need more staff to tend to the amount of business on a Saturday.
The Venue: 5 Stars Many rooms, many dance floors, many seating areas, many dining areas...many places to hangout! My favorite space is The Garden. While it does feel and look like outdoor seating, the space is covered by a greenhouse roof, allowing plenty of natural light in during the day, while protecting you from the elements and any extreme temperatures. The back wall is covered with vines and greenery, and trees are scattered throughout, truly bringing the outdoors in. At night, the trees are lit with string lights. Ambient and romantic! The Service: 2 Stars After coming here on a few late nights and enjoying the venue, along with the ability to move around freely (oddly empty even on weekends), I organized a department lunch here. We were seated in the Garden area and everyone's first impressions of the space were great! For a group of eighteen, we were seated at two long tables, side-by-side. Our server seemed overwhelmed, even though we were forced to order from their large groups menu, which has limited options. The Worst Part: We ordered one of each appetizer on the menu for each table. They bring out all the appetizers for one table (just happens to be the table where most of the supervisors are seated), while the other table sat empty, staring at the table with food. Picture it. Marinate on it.   The Food: 1 Star Did I say that appetizer incident was the worst part? Well, that was the worst part about the service we received that day. The food is actually the worst part! They had a few decent appetizers (just a few), but just about everyone hated their meals. Close-to-full plates were leftover and no one asked to take anything home. My colleagues were all so polite about it, but when I asked them to be candid with me, the feedback was not great. I would come back again if dancing and hanging out were on my agenda, but I would never eat here again.
I dig this place.   After going to the High Line, head over here for another Park experience. We like to bring guests here since it's pretty unique and there's not really a wait or obnoxious lines to get in. It's very pretty at night. The trees are covered with nice looking lights and sets the tone for a romantic evening.
it has a hot tub ... it has a hot tub.... it has a hot tub.... it has a hot tub.... it has a hot tub.... omg omg omg!!! the really awesome thing about the penthouse is that it's not dramatic ... it's chill and it's cool... AND champagne is cheap! make your way to the park .. stay the night and then head to the garden for brunch - and enjoy! x
Stay far far away from both the white and red sangria.  It's very watered down and made with schnapps and cheap-o wine.  I inquired with our server about replacing our pitcher of white since it was lackluster and they replaced it grudgingly.  The red was a smidgen better but still not worth the $30.  Will not be back!
When I look for a quiet place for Brunch where I know I won't have to wait 1hour for a table, I often go for the Park. Needless to say this restaurant is so beautiful with its garden. It is not noisy at all so you won't have to scream to talk to your friends. For brunch, I found the food pretty good and affordable - the eggs with salmon or the breakfast pizza are my favorites! They also always bring to each table a delicious banana bread. In the winter, they have a nice fireplace where you wait with a coffee or a cocktail! Their bar is pretty nice even if their drink list could be better I only went there a couple of times for dinner and found the food average and a bit overpriced.
The upstairs has made a comeback but it still isn't the same as before. It's actually less crowded (which might be a good thing?) but the vibe just feels different nowadays; there's also no live DJ upstairs like before and still broken glass all over the dance floor. Coat check $3 (downstairs) Drinks approx. $10 each
Though I had been to The Park many times throughout the past several years, I was shocked on my most recent visit to find that it could still attract a crowd.  When I had first learned that my friend was holding her birthday party at this once hip spot, I was anticipating a quiet evening.  However, a fun, yet upscale crowd was well-dressed and ready to mingle.  The main floor was catering to several parties, but the well-staffed bar was quickly doling out the cocktails.  Each room played fantastic music, which lured the feisty crowd to the second floor to exhibit their sultry dance moves amongst the bumping bunch.  While there was no cover charge at the door, the $3 coat check fee was a bit discouraging.  Regardless, The Park was still going strong throughout the evening, making it a great place to settle in for a night of excitement.
no cover, great music, beautiful rooftop space and ample seating for when you just want to drink and chat.  what's not to love? yes, the floor is sticky from spilled drinks and questionable substances, and the cover-free unpretentiousness will allow some unattractive creatures in. but hey, i'm no model either. come with a group that loves to dance and there's no way you'll have a bad time.
I went here for lunch with family and sat in the sunny atrium. Beautiful! Unfortunately, I got pooped on TWICE during the meal by the cute little birds inhabiting the space, because the restaurant saw fit to put a table right underneath an overhead beam that the birds seem to gather on. The first time, a bird pooped a little bit in my hair and on the table, and we thought it was a fluke -- albeit a gross one. The second time, a bird emptied its bowels all over my (white) sleeve, and if that didn't ruin the dining experience by itself, the host's response sure did: "that's what happens when you eat in a garden." Oh, really? Then I've been defying the odds for years! Also, the fried avocado was boring.
Get to the Chase: Pros: 1) Always can get in if properly attired (love love love this...rarely can a guy get in ANYwhere without having to drop $20/25 entry or $300+ for table) 2) So many places to dance (3 dance floors) 3) Hit or Miss Crowd, and cheap drinks Cons: 1) There's confusion as to where to go because the upper deck has a dance floor, but places to sit sporadically situated all over the place 2) Because anyone can get in...you get the aggressive fights, you get the weirdos and hobos, and all sorts of wacked up people 3) The decor is christmas meets club meets club house...no unified theme
I had my 25th birthday here in November 2011 and really had a great time.  The venue is HUGE and so BEAUTIFUL!  Good atmosphere/ambiance. Plenty of areas to have some variety: downstairs is pretty chill in the trees (ha), by the bar is up tempo, and upstairs has a darker more intimate feel with music and dancing.  There is no cover in general but the place gets packed (I'm talking like 1-2 am) and then the bouncers start being hustlers at the door.  They wanted my guy friends to pay $150 to get in!! But I just walked to the door and "approved" their entry (buyer beware).  New York for you huh!  But all and all a good time.  The only thing to mention is that it is a really big Asian hotspot!
purely a review of brunch.  i had the eggs and chicken apple sausage.  sausage was superb with hints of sweetness.  home fries are seasoned with paprika and onions.  i usually need ketchup for my home fires, but none this AM.  the mango mimosas are aiiight, nothing to scream about.  i'd come back to check it as a nightspot. stars for the decor.  bamboo and greenhouse.  fireplaces too!
Fancy night club! I love how it's not super stuffy in there as part of it is outdoors. Also, thank goodness for no cover.
Night-Life Review Not bad. The place is huge. You can't tell from looking at the outside but once you enter the doors it's like  you enter through to another hidden location. I'm not a huge fan of this place because last time I came here I got so *bleep* faced security had to escort me out and made me sit in front of the diner in the corner. Not cool. At least help me find my friends first! Gosh. Everyone says that the drinks are moderately priced. Yes - for meatpacking. But I think it be wise that people pre-game else where and then go to Park. If you're sober and you go to park - well if you're female better get tons of guys to buy you drinks. It's definitely a nice chill spot with a decent group of people. If you want to get your dance on go to the 2nd floor and make sure you pick a corner that has seats. Those are on high demand. I find that I will be coming back here again soon enough. ~happy eatings!
No cover! Which explains the sloppy guys with lame pick up lines... Decor was nice and the inside was huge! The upstairs dance floor smelled like a barn. Music was weird. I remember TRYING to salsa dance at one point. Yeah...don't ask. Drink prices were standard. Most definitely not coming here again...
I love the space and layout of The Park.  There are several different themed rooms upstairs and downstairs.  My favorite is of course the outside glassed in open air area with trees.  It's so enjoyable in the wintertime when it's freezing out, you can feel like you're sitting outside.  It's also so cozy by the fireplace.  I think this place is a crowd pleaser if you're with a big group.  There's tons of space and most nights it's not super crazy packed.  You can usually find table in the open air space.
I checked this place out for the first time on a Saturday night and I liked it! It's a no-cover, awesome space in the Meatpacking District with tons of well dressed people and a cool crowd. It's definitely way bigger than expected, with a nice, chill bar and lounge area downstairs, with several dancing rooms on both floors. The upper area is actually open to the outside, so while it's not a full rooftop, it can still feel like one (and is as hot as one in this summer heat)! The room with all the trees was pretty neat. The bartender seemed to know what she was doing, though she shook my Manhattan (always stir, people). The Pimm's Cup I got was decent. Prices were fair. The music was a mix of Top 40 and Progressive House/Big Room, so if you are more of a music hipster you might not like that as much. Still lots of people dancing and having a good time! I'll probably come back here, it was a pretty chill place and was tons of fun.
This place seems to be better known for its club scene, but after being able to easily find a table to seat 12 on a Friday night for dinner, I think we figured out why. The food was disappointing.  The steak half of the steak frites was dry and tasteless, I couldn't believe how tough the beef was as I tried to cut out my first bite.  The pizza was unremarkable, with an abysmal excuse for prosciutto littered on top.  The gnocci and butternut squash ravioli were tolerable, but as an aside, I do have to wonder how much care is being paid to the menu if you can still get an entree with AUTUMN vegetables in April. To their credit, however, the focaccia bread that they give you to start is better than you would expect, and the fries half of the steak frites were pretty good. But can you build a meal around bread and fries alone?  Probably not.  I say if you are just looking for a good meal, Cookshop down the street is a far superior option for food, and the pizza at Artichoke will likewise do a far better job of satisfying you than the Park.  But then again, Cookshop and Artichoke don't have DJs and a dance floor.
There were a million open tables for brunch yet my friends and I waited 20 minutes to be seated. And the food was very mediocre and little leaves and branches fell into it from the pretty canopy. And our table and chairs were rickety and when we asked for them to fix it they were totally clueless. So no.
I've never eaten here this is a review for the nightclub area of The Park. Came here for a friends bday, and it wasn't too crazy like a big NYC nightclub but a good enough place to celebrate a bday. Very spacious and seating areas really nice decor. Music was ok but over all we had a good time. Plus no cover??? um yea that pretty much sold me! everyone had a good time would go again.
Really nice space, close to the highline and a great concept for the decor. Unfortunately it was a case of style over substance. A party of 9 of us ate there early on a Saturday evening and were pretty underwhelmed. Service was slow and pretty confused and very perfunctory even though it wasn't that busy. We didn't seem to have an individual server and there was very little or no chat with them to help set the atmosphere. Food was all very bland, the steak in particular was more burned than charred nod tasted of nothing. Everything was under seasoned and no salt and pepper offered in the table to address that. The most disappointing part is that these issues would be so easy to solve and make this place fantastic!
Love. It's as simple as that. I love The Park. I have been here a couple of times, both of which were different experiences. The first was for a private party.Apparently, The Park can accommodate several parties with ranging sizes. My second venture to The Park was actually for a bachlorette party, and what an amazing time it was! The food was amazing, the space was gorgeous, and the prices were so reasonable that there were no complaints. I plan to stop by The Park again for a more casual dinner date.
I am a fan, but not for the food. I'll be there for the strangely expansive and personal ambiance only a 10,000-square-foot former taxi garage can give. Maybe a bite on something (wood-oven pizza? Maybe)   and sips of something, something. I'll converse with you, looking at you, paying attention. But, once and many times, we'll keep quiet and soak in.
The food is spectacular, and the drinks better (both expensive). High ceilings, great decor at the restaurant and bar and cute patio area all of which is very chiled out and mellow, the upstairs lounge exudes a moroccan/indonesian feel with a party atmosphere. You'll find the New York hipster crowds gathering here.
The place is huge and they have AMAZING ambiance. SO FUN and lots of options. Food was very good. But i would go again because the ambiance is great.Not because the food. Where else do you get to have dinner inside when it feels like your outside with trees and plants a plenty.
The place is impressively large. You really wouldn't think to find anywhere so huge in Manhattan. I do especially like that there are 2 outdoor areas and some pretty comfortable furniture to boot. Still at the end of the day the music and drinks are pretty whatever, but with no cover, it's not a bad option.
Came here on a Saturday night around 10:30/11 with the intention of dancing.  Got distracted by the food and ended up having dinner here instead. The bar section looked crowded, but the restaurant wasn't at capacity so we were seated right away (in the Main Room).  Food was pretty good, but nothing special, though we got two pasta entrées (potato gnocchi and penne a la bolognese) and a thin-crust pizza (day's special) so maybe our ordering skills need some work. The atmosphere is pretty amazing, though.  The restaurant itself is quite stunning, and none of the noise from the bar or upstairs carried over to where we were.  Service was also prompt, friendly, and professional.  No complaints.  There was a nice mix of intimate table settings (seating 2-3), semi-circular booths (seating 3-4) and larger tables (seating groups of 10+). All in all, I think this place would be ideal for somewhat special occasions - birthdays, semi-fancy dates, meeting said date's parents, etc.  It's got a pretty classy vibe that doesn't make you feel totally out of place in jeans.
i wasn't too crazy about going here at first, but i actually ended up liking it (save for all the raunchy dirty dancing that went on upstairs....GET A ROOM PEOPLE!!!) several rooms. good good dessert. try the banana wontons. good service. good music. good dancing. dont know the price of drinks but they weren't watered down...crowd: handsome men, gorgeous women, all in their mid 20s. all geared to be the young professional crowd. not my usual scene but i got used to it after the huge bowl size hot chocolate i ordered with the homemade marshmallows. :P a nice place to go with close friends. definitely a place worth checking out.
Huge, great looking place with lots of different pretty environments, fireplaces, roof section, etc. Love the garden room. The service is a little slow but if you're not in a rush to leave it's fine. The food is a little odd. I had a waffle with ham and cheese that tasted a little strange, though it was edible. A friend had an egg concoction with sweet potato hash and smoked meats. Also very odd and overly peppery. The french toast was sort of ok but also had flavors that didn't go together. I think this is the type of place where you can be happy if you order something basic like bagels and lox or eggs and toast. Love the atmosphere tho.
Good place to pre-game for those who drink alcohol, but The Park is not where the party will be.  No cover to get in and they have a nice rooftop area that is semi-open and this presents a nice ambiance.  Unfortunately, this rooftop doesn't open until 11:30pm and by that point, you will have probably moved on to bigger and better things.   Music can be good, but the crowds that venture into Park don't seem to dance much.   The party is ALWAYS hoppin' at Avenue next door though :).
Love the garden atmosphere. The food was okay. Amazing desserts!
GORGEOUS venue, disappointing crowd :(  The Park is one of those amazing under the radar bars that needs the attention it deserves! Go to the Park... bring anyone, a date, a group of friends... your parents? It's perfect for it all. Open air tables are available in the middle, as well as upstairs VIP seating and cozy fireside couches. Friendly service, great drinks... please save the Park!
Absolutely amazing ambiance, beautiful patio that really makes the restaurant one of a kind. Unfortunately the service made the experience three stars. We came in a party of 9 and had to repeatedly ask the waiter to bring water, salt and pepper. The poached eggs with salmon hash was a bit fishy for me, but the pizza looked and tasted amazing. The complimentary banana bread also was a wonderful touch. Overall bad service good food.
This is a great place to go for lounging and getting drinks with friends. We arrived on a Friday night around 1-1:15. There was a short queue to show ID and get in, but then once we were inside, we saw that the place was not packed at all. It's clearly huge - there are numerous seating areas (indoor, outdoor, downstairs patio and upstairs porch). By the time we were there, the party was clearly upstairs. There was top-40 type music playing (although it switched to random classics around 3 am) and people dancing as well as sitting around in the chairs. We grabbed some couches on the porch (after grabbing our drinks). The best thing about this place was that although there was great music playing, it was really easy to carry on a conversation with friends, unlike some clubs or bars, where you have to choose between dancing versus talking. I would say that if you're looking for a real clubbing experience, Park probably isn't the place. It's great for hanging with friends. If you want to dance, you won't feel awkward about doing so, since there were plenty of people dancing around, but it's not compulsory and there is no either-or choice to be made. We were there on a really rainy evening, and the upstairs porch was such a cool place to be. With open-air views to the trees and city buildings beyond and rain pounding down on the roof on a hot night, it felt like a little bit of Hawaii or the tropics in NYC. I also thought the people there were a great crowd. Everyone was just there to enjoy themselves. It wasn't filled with wannabe models or groups of jockish guys. It was just groups of friends there to have a good time. Overall, I enjoyed it and would definitely go back.
Nice there wasn't a cover charge to get in. My first time going to a NYC night club and this is what I thought... Girls their coats.  Have you heard of coat check? Unfriendly bartender.  She got upset at ME because I didnt order my drink RIGHT away, so she skipped me and came back to me a couple min later Dancing?  Not a lot of people danced and for the ones who WERE, let's just say, it wasn't a pretty sight....  waving your arms around like a monkey isn't attractive, ladies..... Cheap and annoying Asians trying to cut in coat check line.  After we told them there was a line, they went to the couple behind us and offered them TWO dollars to help check THEIR coats in.  Are you serious?  TWO dollars?!  Cheap asses.... I had fun, don't get me wrong.  I just like my CA clubs more....
I have been here twice and really like it.  The last time was for a friends going away party and we mainly hung out in the bar.  Which got horribly crowded as the night went on.  Which made it hard to get a drink!  Hence, the not so many stars.  Snacked a little bit on appetizers just to coat the stomach. I need to go again to really check it out, but that is a good sign that I want to go back.
Decor: The decor is beautiful. We sat in the atrium area and it was a beautiful day so the atmosphere was perfect. Food: The food is pretty. The taste of the food though leaves something to be desired. The brunch started off with banana bread and butter, which set the bar for the rest of the food. The banana bread was very good. The rest of my meal did meet that bar. I shared a breakfast pizza which was bland and somewhat greasy. I also ordered the apple chicken sausage. That too was bland. I was disappointed in my meal. Service: The waiter was nice but we had quite a wait between getting the bill and the waiter then picking it up. After that, the two credit cards we used were accidentally overcharged but we flagged down the waiter and he quickly handled it.
The space is very nice and unusually large for a place in Manhattan. This place would be great if you had a huge group of gainfully employed friends looking for a place to hang out for the night. There is no cover and a casual dress code at this place, which is always a plus for the meatpacking district. The drinks are pricey of course at $10-20 a pop. I had a bad experience here one time when I occupied a recently vacated seat in a busy area and some guy came over and accused me of touching his sister's ass. There was no reasoning with this drunk buffoon and had cooler heads not prevailed, things would have gotten ugly. Watch out for low-class B&T trash at this place. This place apparently use to be classier in terms of clientele but perhaps business has dwindled in the recent years and they've had to make due with less selective admission policies. 4 stars for the space, 2 stars for the people that occupy it. Probably wouldn't come back unless we had a large group looking to go to the MPD, in which case the choices are limited if you're looking for places without cover.
This place reminded me of a Mario and Luigi video game. There was many different levels to go to, each with different bars and challenges, and you reach each level by climbing up steep cement steps and steel barred staircases, which are difficult for Luigi and myself in heels to climb. This place was good because it was huge and the decor was AMAZING. The ceilings were at least 30 ft tall with beautiful foliage, dark wood, white lights and branches everywhere. Also this place has *live birds* I am not sure if this is planned or not but they definitely gave my partner a shock when they flew right by his side. The decorations and architecture are wonderful, hence the 4 stars. PLUS what other bar gives you real live native birds?! I'm not an avid bird watcher but I definitely believe I spotted a robin and 2 finches throughout the night. Oh plus they have a great set up and space for a natural dance floor and played above average music, except for the occasional whining of Adam Levine. The reason it did NOT get 5 stars: -it was terribly organized downstairs in terms of bartender/waitress communication. We were hanging out at the bar and I asked the bartender for a drink....and then was reprimanded by a waitress who made me order drinks through her, which slowed the process of us getting drinks. I oddly had to deal with a middle person just to get a drink, while I literally had my elbows on the bar. Seemed very foolish.
I came here for a big office shindig, and it was really nice.  The outdoor/indoor space is really pretty and the food was good, although it was really loud (but where isn't it loud?).  A great venue for a big group of people, although I don't know if I'd go here in a group of two or three.
I came here for lunch with about 10 people and perhaps this is why my experience is starkly different than some of the reviews here. I guess the nightlife is unappealing, but I assure you this is a true gem during the day time! The ambiance is one of a kind. I don't even want to go through all the dishes we tried, because we tried them all, from several appetizers for the table to possibly every entree option. The food was spectacular. I take the star off for ONE unfortunate mishap. One member of our party was allergic to peanuts and made that very clear, yet, was given an entree covered in peanuts. Come on, guys. You're better than that. You may have lost a customer there since she got her food so much later and without a fork! I chalk this up to an isolated incident because of how well the rest of the service remained.
This is SUCH a beautiful restaurant.  I've been wanting to try it and finally had my opportunity when our new coworker started.  Thanks for lunch work!  I insisted on sitting in the garden area and ordered the beet salad with sunflower seeds and goat cheese to stay with the theme.  The food was as beautiful as the restaurant although maybe not as flavorful as I would've hoped.  This would be a GREAT date spot for drinks.
Yummy brunch, make a reservation, recommend the ricotta pancakes.  Complimentary warm banana bread with honey butter comes before brunch.  Drinks overpriced, but hey, we're in the meatpacking district here, $12 is "cheap" for a mint julep (at The Gansvoort bottom shelf drinks are $18). P.S. The waiter told the family next to us with kids that they put fertilizer and rat poison in the dirt under the trees, so kids, don't play there.  Not something ya wanna hear at brunch...
No cover.  Waits for drinks not too long and if you're with a group there is ample seating and a general good vibe.  Upstairs was packed and didn't get a chance to eval the music but from what I could see people were enjoying themselves.  May be back when in NYC.
Not a bad spot to get your dance on.  At 2am on a Saturday night, I was hoping to get the most out of my NY visit which meant not ending the night early!  We resorted to The Park because my NYC local friend mentioned that this is one dance floor that reliably doesn't charge a cover and we don't have to be dressed too well-heeled.  Thank goodness because I was hardly prepared. That being said, The Park is a great place to bring your large party.  Contribute to the jungle treehouse themed,multi-level venue and fill it with dancing bodies! Our small 3 person group didn't make a dent so we didn't have as much fun as the bachelorette and her groupies did. As far as music goes, the DJ was all over the place.  He was playing 90s throwbacks, mixing them into current EDM hits, and top 40s.  I can appreciate a DJ that caters to all of those genres, but the mixing and transitions were so choppy that I really couldn't get my groove on!  Or perhaps I wasn't drunk enough...equally as tragic. Overall, the folks at the Park keep it loose and I love it.  Received plenty of positive vibes and the crowd was high on life.
Prior to dining here my friend suggested that the guests at her birthday party dress in "trendy" clothes. The Park is a "trendy" restaurant with a menu full of food trends, such as fiddleheads and flatbreads. Last night I dined at The Park and I had what might be the next food trend... white polenta with fried eggs and panchetta. Its breakfast for diner, or what my friends brother perceived as, brunch for dinner. The dish was great even though it would make a great hang-over dish. Still, I liked The Park and its "trendiness."
I want to like this place, I really do. But YOU MAKE IT SO HARD! First, the set-up is really strange. The downstairs area is decorated extremely well, but it's so spacious, that people voluntarily decide to be sardined on a very sweaty, smelly, packed dancefloor. The crowd is decent, although it can get a little weird at times. But overall, one of those places where you sortof breeze past, opposed to choosing between an isolated air conditioned area or getting drinks spilled all over you.
I came here on a Saturday night after taking refuge from the smoky high school dance atmosphere of Highline Ballroom.  I was surprised at how big the place was...a normal bar at first glance, then walk through to a nice indoor glassed-in patio area adorned with white Christmas lights.  (I'm a sucker for those.)  Then up a level to another bar with a small dance floor in the back.  The sound system wasn't very good, so you needed to be right up near the dj to hear anything, but the music itself was a decent mix of hip hop & reggae.  The place isn't exactly set up for dancing so there is a lot of annoying jostling that goes on, but overall it wasn't bad.  I'd love to come back here for dinner and/or drinks, and just lounge on the patio for a while...perhaps on a date?  It's definitely not a destination for dancing, but overall a nice place to hang out.
As a person below me had already mentioned, ladies are not allowed to wear sandals (sneakers area allowed though). I was wearing sandals and the lady up front screening the crowd told me I was not allowed in. I was close to the front of the line by the time they told me, and a few minutes later they had changed bouncers at the front door. The new bouncer asked for my ID and I handed it over and he waved me in. About 5-10 minutes later, the lady at the front had actually sent in a bouncer to find me and tell me to GFTO. After I got kicked out, one of my friends inside actually took off her shoes and sent them out for me to borrow so I could get in again. The second time around when I was wearing the right shoes, the lady at the front wouldn't let me in because "I caused a risk to her and her team by sneaking in". Not to mention, the lady was wearing sandals herself. She said she was "setting an example of what not to wear." All in all, extremely poor and rude management.
Came back here for NYE so I got to experience the rest of the venue for nightlife. It's seriously like a maze in there! but everything is beautiful so it's okay to get lost . I really like how they open up the entire place for you to roam. There's so many difference spaces- you can hang out in front of the fire place, have a casual late night meal, or dance upstairs! I had bottle service and seating area upstairs so I had a good night on NYE :) Would def come back for other events- nice venue!
Dropped in on a Saturday for brunch and couldn't have been happier.  They had highchairs and were very accomodating to our 14 month-old. The food was really good.  I had the breakfast pizza, which was delicious.  My wife really enjoyed the turkey burger. Our server was attentive and friendly.  She even brought us an extra slice of their banana bread, which we really enjoyed.  We'd definitely eat here again
The Park is a great place to go if you are looking for good music and no cover.  The only problem is that the dance floor can get a bit crowded.  This is also a good choice if you have friends that like to dance and other people that like the lounge feeling.  The place is huge and there are many places to hang.
The Park is trying to be one of the clubs a few blocks over, but it just can't make the mark. I went on a Friday night and was told before, "don't wear sneakers! be dressy!" So, of course I did. My friend came from hanging during the day without stopping at his apartment in a hat, t-shirt, shorts, sneakers. Got in without an issue so the concept of their dress code is comical. Once inside, its a really beautiful place. From the downstairs that opens into a garden restaurant to the "secret compartments" that I found with more people hanging out to the rooftop with even more people hanging out. I really enjoyed all the common areas that you can go within The Park. The drinks aren't cheap, but for the area of NYC that you're in, you shouldn't expect anything less. Overall, The Park is nice, but it's nothing to be blown away by. *Also, this is NOT a dance club. The area to dance is tiny and no one is really even dancing, it's more of a small shuffling of feet.
NIghtlife Review: Mixed crowd from asian to whites and everything, music is pretty good, spacious floors. Saturday night is the best and one of the few clubs i like going into the city often. Crowd is hit or miss each weekend. Funny ive been here over 50X, now im married to my wife who i met there
I was completely UNDERwhelmed by "The Park". My best friend and I made reservations for brunch on a Sunday. When we arrived, and checked in with the hostess - we were told we'd have to wait 10-15 minutes. Hmmm...with a reservation? Okay, so we were feeling amiable and decided to just wait. About 2.5 minutes later, I walked up to the hostess and asked if we could possibly sit outdoors once they sat us. This is how the conversation went: Me: Hi, is it possible we could have a seat outdoors once we are sat? Hostess: Do you have a reservation? Me: Yes...I just checked in with you a minute ago... Hostess: What's the name? Me: [Give my name] I just checked in with you... Hostess: Yeah, but I don't remember anyone. Me: *Long shocked pause* Okay, well thanks... You don't remember ANYONE? I'm sorry...but you're the HOSTESS. That's your JOB. To remember the people checking in. And I didn't check in 20 minutes ago with a disguise on, I checked in TWO minutes ago and I've been standing right in front of you. So then we are finally seated...kind of...they end up putting us outside on the sidewalk - instead of in their beautiful Atrium dining area, which was the whole reason we made a reservation there - and giving us a table next to a nursing mother who needed room for her stroller - so we had to awkwardly ask the mother to move the stroller and put her tiny newborn in the hot sun, instead of them just seating us at another perfectly good, empty table somewhere else. There were a ton of them - by the way. When we asked to possibly sit somewhere else, the girl seating us looked utterly bewildered - so we just gave up and sat down. About 8-10 minutes later - we finally get a waiter. The service is so so...the waiter seems confused when we ask him to explain one of their dishes to us. The food was alright. But honestly, after all of that, the food just didn't taste as good as it would have if we'd had great service. I would not go here again, nor would I recommend this to a friend. Which is truly unfortunate - it's location is directly below the Highline at 18th street and is a perfect brunch location to have a meal and then stroll the Highline...oh well.
The first time I ended up here, it was the last stop of a night I (mostly) don't remember. This time, it was only the second stop of the night, and I do remember most of it. There weren't too many people, but good lord it was stuffy and disgustingly hot. No cute guys either, bummer. I loved the interior decorations and the stairs, but lots of stairs and lots of alcohol unfortunately do not mix. (Really, who thought that would be a good idea?!)
Great music, ,a gigantic venue, and not that bad of a line wait at 12 am on a Saturday.  The roof didn't open up until 12:30 or something, so everyone was stuff downstairs by the restaurant eating area.  The DJ was poppin on the roof and there is PLENTY of space for everyone to find a nook and cranny as well as a couch to chill when you're not dancing your shoes off.  Cons: must wear collared shirt for guys or tip the bouncer $40 bucks to let you in, $8 beers and no LIs.
Don't even know where to start.. I have been to The Park few times in the past and I think my last time on Saturday was the finale. My friend had a birthday party, which was completely ruined. The bouncer and some lady at the door had such an attitude, they were extremely rude and disrespectful. I guess that's what you get when you hire uneducated people, who has no idea what customer service means! The manager was unprofessional, does not know how to talk with customers and how to handle the situations. There were 8 people at the bday party, who said that food was disgusting (overcooked, some food was not fresh). Service was extremely slow! Overall experience was horrible!!! There are so many better spots in NY! So if you have a chance to avoid the Park, please do it! DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!
Unfortunately I don't have many positives to say about The Park.  The service was poor and the sangria was worse.  The food was completely average and I would never go back,
I like the decor, especially the fireplace, this is more of a bar rather than a club, people just dance anywhere from the table to the bar etc. There is no cover, so if everywhere else is full, this will be our backup. Price is decent and i like to sit by the entrance bar and just people watch as i drink the night away.
***Review for restaurant only*** My bf and I were drawn in due to their amazing outside seating. It was in a green house with trees and walls covered with walls. (There are other people who described the outside seating more eloquently). Needless to say the ambiance is very cool! Although during Fall, I would worry about the leaves falling into drinks and food. The service was also pretty good. Although we were seated outside, we did not feel neglected. Our waiter made frequent check-ins.  The food did take a little longer and it was disappointing. mussels in white wine- The only amazing part of the meal. For $12 it came with about 40 mussels. I've had fresher mussels but the sauce was well done. It was not overpowered with white wine, yet it had the right flavoring. They could have gave us more bread to scoop up the sauce. It only came with 2 over toasted break sticks. pastrami sandwich- This was an utter disaster! The pastrami was over cooked up to the point that some pieces were jerky. The bread was also over toasted, probably because it was stale. It came with crisp home-made potato chips which has a nice coating of spice.   chef's braised short ribs burger- Through the description, we were expecting sort of a pulled-beef sandwich. Needless to say, NO! It was a regular burger, nothing exceptional. At least it wasn't over cooked unlike the bun which was over toasted. It came with standard fries that comes frozen. Overall, due to the fact that the ambiance was unique, I would come back here for drinks. They have various lounge-like rooms with comfy, cool seats. Their sangria was also not bad and it was pretty strong ($8)
The primary pro is the venue is large. Upstairs is extremely hot and congested. It feels like a college frat house that is located in Manhattan. I think this place is perfect if you're looking for free entry, enough space for your friends to walk around, and in the Chelsea area. (Good bday spot as door doesn't push bottles or anything) Come here if 1Oak or Avenue bouncers said NO. :)
This place might be great for a bar/club atmosphere but as a restaurant, eh not so much... I made the mistake of going here for lunch and sitting under one of the large trees in the main room. Somehow, over the course of a 1 1/2 hour lunch, I was pooped on 5 TIMES by birds that were flying around in the trees. Let's just say I did not have much of an appetite after this experience.
so i just moved to new york, and came to the park on my second night here.  the place is exactly what i would have thought of a new york club to be... like, i immediately thought it was someplace i might have seen on sex and the city. the rooms have an asian flair, and you wind through them as you make your way to wherever your party might be. in our case, we travelled through about 8 rooms or so until we reached the upstairs, where there was a dance floor, a huge room with couches, and a back room with a bamboo ceiling and a hot tub (which evidently gets put to use as the night progresses). not sure about the food, but i gotta warn you... they only have three beers (heinekin, corona, and bud light i think), and a heineken was 7 bucks. ahhh new york prices.  gonna take me a while to get used to this.  the dance floor upstairs got going pretty well, with good danceable music, and maaad people seemed to be having a pretty good time. i think the website does a horrible job of preparing you for what the place is actually like. oh, and it was free to get in when we went, and that was a definite perk.
I usually don't give bad reviews.. But this  brunch experience was unfortunately unpleasant. I give one star to the atmosphere and a star for the staff. The staff was fine except for being hovered over -- a little uncomfortable. The food on the other hand was very disappointing. We started with the "Ricotta with raspberries, local honey & toasted almonds, served with baguette". The "baguette" was actually small piece of VERY crispy bread. It was too crunchy - nearly painful. The ricotta with honey, berries, and almonds wasn't too bad. I understood what they were going for but it just didn't hit the mark. For my main course I had the "Ham and cheese waffle with black pepper butter". This was utterly inedible. The waffle was completely DRENCHED and SOGGY with this so called "butter" and the ham came in huge pieces that just didn't taste appetizing at all. I couldn't take more than that first bite - even after wringing out as much butter as I could. I wouldn't recommend this place for brunch.
My biggest complaint was the staff. Most notable was the bathroom attendant (a thing I wish they would do away with entirely, nobody likes them) was very rude. I tipped him early in the night. Later on I took a mint from the basket, prompting the bathroom attendant to tell me that "those aren't free, you know". I asked how much he would like for one so he just said to put something in the basket. Now it is a borderline shakedown. They are supposed to be there to provide service, not insult. Furthermore we had an issue with how hot it was in the upper lounge so the manager opened the back door. I had to tell three very assertive bouncers that it was ok to leave it open and the manager did it. twenty minutes later they finally agreed. Furthermore, one would have thought the bartender was serving a room five times the size. Drinks are also overpriced but I suppose still within the New York range. I don't really like paying $10.00 for a beer after tip. However, the atmosphere is good and it is a really enjoyable place to go with a large group of friends. Just don't expect the staff to treat you like you are a paying customer. I will not likely go back unless I am attending someone else's event.
I wanted to like this place. The decor is unusual and fits well with the trendy area it has become. However, the food was way below average and service rather sporadic. After 9pm, younger club dressed crowd has arrived and the noise level turned uncomfortable for a dinner conversation.
Like most spots in NYC, this place is good for certain purposes.  If you are with a large group of people, more guys than girls, and don't want to shell out for a lot of bottles, this is the spot to hit.  The door policy is the easiest in this part of town.  I had a birthday party thrown here, only because it is so convenient to get everyone in. The decor is pretty nice too... there is a patio-like "Park" that has trees and is considered outside enough for people to smoke.  There are tables and it's kinda cozy.  The upstairs area has more of the club feel to it with a dance floor.  However, I usually stay away from there because the B&T'ers are up there trying to score.
Amazing space! Good selection of drinks and food.
out for a late dinner with family members ( a party of 6) we chose The Park because we had heard it was quite the place to see. Upon entering i was quite enthralled with the ambiance of the restaurant. It's broken into several sections and each with its own theme. Even a trip to the bathroom will give you a quick step in the past with a few old wooden telephone booths you pass along the way. We were seated right away in a booth style table. It was fairly comfortable and, looking around the room, i was happy to see that the tables were all spread out so you don't feel like you're eating on top of the people next to you. The room was big and pretty loud, but you didn't have to yell to hear each other. A side note: they claim the dress is casual, so we showed up in casual wear. Not that we walked in wearing hockey jerseys and wife beaters, but simple jeans and t-shirts. You could tell by looking at the other customers that there was a " hoity-toity" feel. Some Customers were wearing elegant dresses and suits, and to be honest, we definitely got a few looks for , i guess, being underdressed by their standards ( but not the restaurants). anywho.. so our waiter came up pretty quick, poured our water and took our order for drinks and starters. Our drinks came quickly. Our starters did not. They weren't bad, they just were slow coming. and about 15 mins later, they came with our dinners.  Mind you, between the starters and dinners arriving, even though ordering our dinner, they didn't pick up our empty plates from the starters themselves. And i will add that we asked for more water twice by then, and kept getting told " sure" and " no problem"..but the water never came. The Waiters all dress in normal clothes, so you don't even know who to ask for service. for all you know, you're about to ask a fellow customer to clear your table for you. awkward. Dinner was okay. I had chicken that was floating in strange green sauce. It said it came with corn...which had been apparently blended into some sort of hummus looking goop. and i probably got about 5 bites off the chicken piece they give you, stripping it to the bone. The steak was fine, but as one of my party said,  you could get a better one at The Outback Steakhouse.  Again, after waiting a very long time our plates were finally cleared...and low and behold, the water finally showed up...and a second drink order. After another drink and some coffee, we finally found our waiter again, and asked for our check. and wouldn't you know it...THAT CAME QUICKLY. Peeking over my boyfriends shoulder to see the damage on the check, we noticed something... !!A WARNING TO THOSE WHO WISH TO EAT HERE!! i don't know if it's done just for parties over a certain number of people, but there is a line between TOTAL and TAXES that is labeled  SERVICE.....don't be fooled....this is gratuity. In fact we even asked the hostess and she confirmed it. Note that there is also a line for TIP. so basically they are fooling you into thinking you have to leave a tip when a !!!20%!!! tip is already added into your bill. it was all clear then, shitty wait service, sub par food..no one cares because they're tricking people into tipping twice. i will add that it was a saturday night and i understand that they were busy.but i will also add that we saw our waiter more than a dozen times, and on several occasions he saw us too, and he never came over to see if we needed anything. it became clear he was straight out avoiding us. Im 30 years old and i have never been to a restaurant before where the waiter didn't at least come by and ask how the food is. Worst waiter ive ever had by far.   all in all....it's pretty and whatnot but they need to make some changes in their cooking, their wait staff and their practices. WILL NOT BE RETURNING.
Women be warned there are birds in the venue and they tend to leave their droppings on your clothes.  The management (Sean McCloskey) when approached about ruined clothes copped a bad attitude and was very rude. STAY AWAY
this place is gays night on thursdays! "best nights" are fridays/saturdays. i only come here when hiro fails OR i come here then head over to hiro. this seems to be a popular trend. crowd is mixed, they play top 40s with a few throwbacks and house mixed in, THERES NO COVER, guys don't have trouble getting in, and it's cute inside. coat check is $3 but you can always find some place to leave your coat if you're not wanting to spend that cash. there's two floors. the main one is upstairs where it's balls hot. upstairs is divided into two open spaces. one is "outside" so the music is muffled and you're surrounded by smokers. the inside is where the dj is and main dancing goes on. there's another bar downstairs and they have another dj there too with two spaces. it's not as crazy as upstairs but maybe you'll want to take a break from the lack of oxygen upstairs. this place picks up around 12:30-1am so don't be surprised to find people on their laptops, studying upstairs. i mean seriously.. who does that?
Honestly the food here was good, but the service was not so much. We were here in a party of 7 and there were TONS of open tables, but we were told if we were only getting drinks and apps (they count ordering pizza as an app) we had to sit outside in the cocktail area. We weren't able to get a waitress for about ten minutes, and from then on, there were very infrequent visits from her to come ask us about drink orders, etc. I'd like to give the benefit of the doubt that our waitress was new or something like that, but overall the experience was just OK.
I had been here before for the bar, but never for dinner. I did remember that the place is spacious, so I made reservations for 6. We sat in the "Garden Room" which is exactly what it sounds like. It's wood décor with trees & bushes all canopied above you & around you (tastefully). Ok so we sit down, order a round of drinks, I had a glass of pinot grigio which was sweeter than others that I've order, not bad at all, but be mindful if you're expecting a crisper taste. Take a look at the menu & automatically I notice the grilled octopus appetizer WITH watermelon & feta. I've had watermelon/feta salads, I've had grilled octopus but never the two together, but I must say it was delicious. They dish was perfectly balanced in flavor and everyone at the table loved it. We would've ordered another 2 but wanted to leave room for our main dish and dessert. I had the salmon dish which was lovely, the waiter told me the chef recommended medium & I see why, kudos for the recommendation, double kudos for the flavor! It was paired with white beans & a heavenly green colored sauce? It tasted so familiar, yet I have no idea what it actually was but it tied the dish perfectly together with its rich buttery taste. I did get a chance to try the chicken but it was a little bland for me, however it did come in what looked like the same sauce so I'm sure it flavored things up. Now dessert, (my mouth is watering) the fried banana wontons?! are you kidding me?! why have I lived this long without trying this?! ok no more question marks & exclamation points, but I hope you realize how delicious & different this was. They were crunchy little wontons filled with warm banana slices and came with a caramel & chocolate dipping sauce. Sooo glad I didn't skip on dessert this time. We also ordered the smores dessert, which was a cup layered with chocolate  & marshmellows, accompanied by graham crackers. Although it was also very good, the banana wontons stole the show. Our waiter was very helpful in explaining the ingredients in the some of the dishes & made sure to check up on us and refill our glasses. Even the runners were affable and I loved that they didn't ask who ordered what, they knew exactly which dish belonged to which person. There are two reasons why I didn't it give 5 stars... First, was the hostess.. We were the last two to arrive, so 4 of our party had already been seated. We walked in and usually it goes "hi do you a have a reservation?"... but instead it went more like .....(silence)..... "hi I have a reservation.." She then proceeded to point where our party was. I could've had my friends text me "we're sitting by the back" and it would've been about the same amount of guidance. Don't know what her purpose was exactly. The second, was my friend mentioned they saw a rodent in the area behind us with the trees and shrubs. Now normally I would think it was a joke but past posts seem to confirm that it is in fact a normal occurrence. Not that I think the kitchen or the place is "dirty" & I understand its probably with the plants and open space but I was uncomfortable from that point on considering my back was 1 inch away. Please do something about that, it makes a wonderful place less appetizing. I'll definitely go back but I'll opt for indoor seating lol
Caveat emptor.  If you eat here at primetime when the sun is shining the beautiful people are lounging you may wait for your table.  If it is a normal people day in Gotham then enjoy the room(s). This is a large restaurant made larger by the lovely garden room - trees, birds, glass ceiling.  The main dining area is also very nice and it has some extra space that has private party appearance. The menu and food that follows are both very nice.  We ordered the normal batch of benedict and pulled pork, shared ricotta pancakes and swilled bellinis.  Our waiter was attentive, friendly and prompt. On another occasion, we dropped in without a reservation and waited too long for a table. In both cases we chose to eat in the garden and will continue to do so. Handles large groups.
Cool place with good mango mimosas but my eggs were dripping in oil and I was left unsatisfied.
The decor is absolutely beautiful. I have walked by a million times and wanted try it. I went with about 6 people for Sunday brunch. The service was absolutely horrible. No one was even polite to us. We had to keep asking for things multiple times and even after that, we never got them. The server spilled my food all over me and my purse when he was delivering the food. Not only did he not clean it up, he didn't bring me the replacement food that I asked him for. When we got the bill, the food that was spilled and never replaced was still on it! The food itself was not good, very greasy. I will not come back. It's a shame because I was really excited to come here.
came here for a friends birthday and this is not my favorite place. Everyone come here because its free all night. its like a big resturant and everyone goes up to the rooftop. Bouncers are RUDE. The MGR said its ok we can go out he didnt even want to let us in what a JERK.   Music wasnt even good either and Nobody was even dancing. AND THE THING THAT WAS SO ANNOYING THEY KEPT CHECKING YOUR HAND FOR THE STAMP. OBVIOUSLY IF ITS 21 AND OVER CLUB STOP CHECKING. NOT COMING BACK HERE AGAIN.
There are trees growing at the Park as well as a super glam spot for drinks or dinner.  Going on Sunday night when it was empty was fun as we were able to enjoy the arborous splendor.  The Park bottles it's own water which is good for the environment and the aloof staff is not hounding you to drink bottled water.  We started with butternut squah soup which was topped with sunflower seeds and was otherwise flavorless.  The pizza of the day, thin crusted with sausage and red onions was surprisingly yum and served on a wooden pizza board.  Great loo downstairs with exotic bird wallpaper inside the stalls.
Went here with a group and I had good time except I couldn't get drunk here, you wanna know why? Simple I was broke!  I brought a round of SoCo w/lime shots and paid 45! Beers were equally costly.  The place itself was a very cool scene and the layout was cool too.  Because of the price I would make this a stop when bar hopping but not an all night affair.
We asked to be seated inside on a hot summer day, and got put on the waitlist with only one other couple ahead of us. 30 minutes later, I checked on our status and the hostess didn't remember us at all, and didn't have us on the list. The place was not busy, so there was no excuse. We were stated outside (after requesting indoor seating), and ended up walking out after 5 minutes with no attention from the waiter. Nothing on the menu looked particularly interesting. To the owners: you're not so special. Stop fronting and get some chicken fingers on the appetizer menu!
Hi, my wife and I just left because it took  a half hour to order an iced tea. Neither bartender seems to be able to muster up the energy to order or pour the simplest  drink of their day. I get the "wait twenty five minutes to be seated in a half empty restaurant" thing, after all, I'm a New Yorker, and I've worked in the service industry over 25 years, and I'm not trying to be snarky, but that's just rediculous. Jerry Dugger
This is the usual spot for a "certain" group of my friends if there's no place else to go. The place is spacious with a lot of room to mingle on the first floor, but the second floor fills up quick and you'll find yourself tripping over the low couches and ottomans in no time. The crowd is mainly Asian, although diverse in terms of East Asian and Indians. Drinks are overpriced and the cocktails are disgusting. The bartenders need a lesson on flavor. The only saving grace is the music.
I had brunch here and it is a great space to just sit and relax in and take a deep breath.  Apparently it is clubby atnight which is something totally not for me (even more the case when it is straight AND b&t).  Can't say I was blown away by the food and at the same time can't say I was put off by it.
Food was terrible and service was atrocious. Came here for my birthday and I already felt bad that my friends were paying for a dinner that was disappointing. I've been here multiple times and with each passing night I set foot in this place it just keeps getting worse. After my most recent encounter of being packed like sardines in the upstairs/downstairs with the same recycled playlist in the background (pretty sure I heard nearly the same order of songs the past 3 times I decided to come here God knows why) and the most ratchet hoodrat ghetto crowd I've ever seen....no thanks Park. Definitely not missing out on anything by chucking this out of my going-out destinations from here on out.
This may well be the worst restaurant in New York, food-wise. I went with eight people and seriously every single thing we ordered (drinks including--the draft beer was skunked) was ungodly terrible except for a pizza. You have to TRY to make food that bad...frozen Trader Joes is significantly better. We tried a range of things, from the octopus appetizer to meatballs to risotto to hamburgers (on an english muffin, kill me now) to side dishes and universally it was all borderline inedible. Think of something you don't like about restaurants. Too much salt? Cold food? Spoiled seafood? Bad service? This place has it all. So far as the space, it's stunning, really one of a kind for NYC, come in and take a photo and leave.
another chill location that's semi-restaurant/hang-out/dance floor type of deal. it's great because there is no cover. however, first thing that's definitely a con is the coat check-in guy ($3) is a jerk! I don't know why he has to be so mean and rush you when it's not like there's a line of people like at disneyland (& even there they're friendly despite their tiredness and lines). however, once you get past him, you can go up to the seating area and just kick it or order a drink. after, people generally make their way to the dance floor on the third floor, but even if you don't want to do that, you can just walk around the place and take pictures of the park building that's a combination of inside and outdoors so you can walk around in the building but also go through certain doors and get the chilly draft of the winds from overhead-- it's like being in a car with a sunroof! yeah, just go visit and you'll see!
LOVE THIS PLACE! The decor looks great, this place plays top 40 music (big plus, since I don't like house music), there's dinner daily. But if you're coming for the dance floor, its only available on Fridays and weekends. My friends and I always end up here if other club sucks!
Umm so apparently if youre wearing sandals and/or flats (but sneakers are ok?!?!?!) You will legit get followed around by a bouncer to make sure you gtfo. How about I just fractured my foot and cant wear heels? Discriminate much?
I'm actually surprised by the number of negative reviews this place has received. When you consider the amount of space this place has, the atmosphere, and the unique decor, it amounts to a lot. There is plenty of potential with The Park, but I assume a part of its problem is that it doesn't know what it is, and it will throw off a lot of people who come here for the first time. Also, the drinks are undeniably on the higher end of the scale. No $5 shots here, but this shouldn't surprise anyone; it's Chelsea after all. If it's over packed, then of course, customer service will certainly suffer at the bar and at the tables. Unless you are here the right time and occasion, this place can be a hit or a miss. A Chelsea gem, this venue offers a great ambiance and backdrop on the right day/night particularly for small to large social gatherings and parties. This venue is rather classy and can be romantic, if the mood is right. The overall construction of The Park is that it's literally like an indoor park with its green house elements. They introduce decorative components such as trees with string lights dangling from the branches, high ceilings, a variety of flora, etc. It provides an oasis away from the urban environment. Glass walls overlook the city streets. They have several different spaces within this venue; The Main Room, The Atrium, The Garden, Red Room and the Penthouse. My particular favorite room is The Garden, which is a room literally built to be an indoor garden. I've been to The Park a number of times already, and each time has been a different experience, bordering on both good and bad. The atmosphere and mood changes depending on what day and time you are here. Go on a Saturday night, expect a douche packed dance club. Go brunch on a Sunday, expect a nice casual restaurant. Go for drinks on Thursday, you may expect a half empty bar. Again, the decor and defining rooms of The Park is one of the strongest factors of it. If you aren't exploring the other rooms though, you may be missing out on a lot of the nice individual aspects of this venue. Unfortunately though, they keep particular spaces reserved for special reservations/parties more often than not. I feel this venue would be best enjoyed when you aren't here on a Saturday night squeezing through a swarm of people and listening to bad music. When it's more low-key in here, and you can casually have your martini at the bar while admiring the ambiance, this place can be quite wonderful. The space is rather large though, so if it's at all empty, you're going to feel that quite readily. If you have a party to plan, a bridal shower, a wedding reception, a birthday party, etc., The Park is a solid solution. Even during the weekends, it's great for brunch. The food is average priced and is not at all bad; a mix of mainly Mediterranean and Italian dishes.
I would come back.  Have met some interesting people here.  Have also met some uninteresting people here as well.  But, at least you are meeting people, eh?  Don't really feel like sharing any stories, but let's just say it'll be a memorable visit.
I hardly ever feel motivated to write one of these things, so I really mean this one! AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE. I just had dinner here with seven friends, and whereas the atmosphere was lovely and the service, cordial, the food and cocktails were just disgusting. I ordered a Chef's Burger, thinking that no chef could screw that up. It came out lukewarm, and the blue cheese and "pickled cucumbers" (= pickles?) were so overpowering that I couldn't taste the beef. This sad combination of flavors was characteristic of everything we ordered. The (bland) chicken, for example, was drowning in some green sauce that had no reason to be there; ditto for the salmon. As for the oysters, the small ones were fishy and unpleasant. And so on, and so forth. I eat out nearly every night, and I haven't had a meal this pitiful nearly a year. None of us said anything to the manager, because we were all convinced that if the food was that bad, there's no way the management wasn't already aware of it. So, in sum, if you want to spend 55 dollars (/person) to eat disgusting food while sitting in a lovely spot, go to The Park. Otherwise, take your business somewhere else--anywhere else.  For the cost, you'll have plenty of other choices. Food: 2/10 (steamed mussels were OK) Decor: 7/10 Service: 6/10 (our waiter was very nice, but the bussers were incredibly clueless.) One star, because the people in the kitchen clearly have no idea what they're doing.
Let me preface this by saying this place is just not my scene.  The place is laid out in a cool way.  There is a downstairs bar that feels almost like a hotel lobby, a restaurant a few steps away, and a lounge/club upstairs.   Both times I have been here, the fight at the upstairs bar for drinks was a pain in the ass.  Once the place packs out, it is 3 or 4 people deep at this tiny bar with three bartenders.  They don't have anything on tap and their bottled beer choices leave a lot to be desired.  Once everybody shows up upstairs and the music starts blaring, there tends to be a lot of douchie dudes trying to show off with strange and aggressive dance skills. The only thing that salvages the experience is the fact we had a nice home base couch because we got there soon after the lounge opened both times.  I would be fine with never going here again.
I must say, I really enjoyed my dinner here tonight. Before coming I heard mediocre reviews about the food and high reviews about the ambiance. It does look really beautiful inside and the concept of having nature inside is unique and wonderful to look at, plus it's very spacious! Our server was really nice and had a good balance of checking on us without it being overwhelming and annoying. The complimentary bread they give you with olive oil is so delicious. It's well seasoned with rosemary and maybe other herbs. My friend and I ordered the turkey burger and it was light and healthy but very filling! The french fries were very yummy and "crispy" as my friend described it. This place exceeded my expectations and I'm glad it did. I'd recommend it and would go back; maybe for their nightclub after 10 pm :)
Came here for a birthday dinner. It took nearly 2 hours to seat 11 people. But it's friday night, so I forgive them. I didn't have much an appetite so I shared 4 appetizers with 2 other guests. We had the pork skewers, mussels, fried calamari and portabella mushroom fries. The fried calamari was just like any calamari you can get somewhere else. The mussels were delightful, as for the pork skewers, it was ehh a bit burnt actually. The portabella mushroom fries were mMm goooood. But after 2 fries, you kind of get eh about it. Overall, I paid 16 dollars for everything including tip and tax. As for the atmosphere, it was dim but in a good way. We didn't really have a good seating, it was borderline indoors and outdoors. right by the sliding doors.  I'm definitely going to come back to try the entrees and dessert. Except with less people next time.
I would give the atmosphere 5 starts but can't say the same about the food and the service. We had a reservation and still had to wait at least 45 minutes for a table. The food was nothing to write home about. I ordered a steak which was tough and barely edible. Nobody else I was with seemed that impressed with their meals either. We were so underwhelmed after dinner we didn't even stay for the party. It looked okay, I would probably go back for the party but never for the food. The decor was amazing which makes me wish they had better food so I would come back.
I wish i had pictures from the night. But the bachlorette party i was a part of was busy having too much fun! Ambiance: its probably the prettiest interior concoction i have ever seen- multiple floors, gorgeous breezy layout- literally, breezy: parts of the venue are outdoors, awesome dj spinning latest in pop ( generic stuff), trees in the middle of the venue, i can go on.I really loved the fact that i didnt feel claustrophobic. The random shades of gold lighting was just beautiful at nighttime. Every floor had loungy chairs , drapes- great for groups or even just couples. It is as classy as you want to make it: heels and jeans, fancy dresses, you can probably pull anything off here. The patrons were colorful as well- people of all shapes and sizes, couples, singles, semi-pretentious NY.. but still cool. Service: We just came here to drink. The bartenders were nice, playful and were doign a great job juggling everyone's orders. There are many bars througout the venue on every floor. It really is bigger than i can describe. They also serve food here, even late into the night. Drinks were around 13$ each ( which i kinda expected). I really did not care for the way their drinks tasted. PLUS they are not allowed to make long island iced teas-- ive never encountered this before as this is my go-to drink.   Other PLUS points: -located right adjacent to a hopping pizza joint that seems to be open pretty late - bathrooms were clean ( thank you attendant) - no cover - No line :  ( we arrived around 10, but around mid night the line was huge!) - late night classy food  option ( vs just pizza) Becuase im broke i may need to pregame before hand, but definitely worth another trip into nyc !
this place gets very crowded quickly, but starts to empty out a little when it hits 11pm-midnight (when people head out to the clubs). the drinks and their prices are the standard for nyc. there are a whole lot of rooms here. overall the ambiance is very cozy, even though its such a big place. maybe its all the trees. my favorite is the top floor - its a semi rooftop and has another bar there. i havent tried their food so i can't tell you about that. i do know that you can only reserve a spot for this place for dining. otherwise, grab yourselves a drink and find a seat.
Went a couple times, but I think it lost its luster after the first unfortunately. But def a cool crowd, music was "eh," gets better only around closing time, solid drinks, good decor, useless 3-men-in-a-tub outside, no proper lighting, and polite staff. No big problems.
Good place to grab drinks with friends.  You can pretty much choose what you want to do here so the versatility is what sold me on it.  However, it does get ridciulously crowded and that becomes a big major nono
The 1 star given was for the atmosphere.  The menu is limited, and dishes didn't seem appealing, the service was subpar. The food was definitely NOT worth the extremely long wait to get it... like, who messes up salad? The hostesses are snotty and the waitress acted like she was too good to tell us her name. I recommend if you enjoy waiting for not even mediocre food.
Very nice place ! We initially wanted to go to 1 Oak but ended up going here- what a great atmosphere! Cool crowd, a lot of space, nice music, fair prices
I'm going to put down 3 stars but it really could get 4 if you really are looking for a easy place to go to that is beautiful. All the times I have been there..the line moves fast since the place is HUGE and they just swipe your ID to get in. I never experienced any cover. The drink prices are about standard. If you are in NYC for the first time and not sure where to go..this would be an ideal place since it has a setting where you can be in awe of for a little bit, take pictures, and decide if you want to go dancing. If you are from the city or go often..its normally our back up when all the other clubs are full and bottle service costs an arm and a leg for a night you don't want to go full out on. The different rooms (red, outside, resturant area) are all on the bottom floor with a few bars to choose from. If you just want to hang out and sit downstairs thats an option. Also upstairs there are couches to lounge about and bars (that can get hectic and too full) by a large dance floor. The dancing really depends on the crowd there that night..it can be a lot of fun crowded..to not really packed and awkward individuals dancing.
I planned my sister's NYC bachelorette party from PHX and heavily relied on  Yelp to book dinner and clubs. I was super nervous about The Park being too lounge-like but it was perfect! We had a fabulous time, great music and a wide variety from old school 90s hip hop, to current to techno. GREAT DJs and variety of gorgeous spaces to dance, drink and mingle. Don't know anything about their food, but YES for great dancing!
Went here in a group for an early dinner. Ambience is great but food is terrible. 6 of us got the NY steak & fries; only 5 orders came out. I ended up eating some of my coworker's steak before mine arrived. He ordered medium and got almost well done. Everyone else ordered medium rare but got anything from well done to medium. And ALL the steaks tasted burnt. Like they didn't clean the grill or something. It was so burnt tasting that most of us left food on the table, besides the really big eaters who were starving. At almost thirty dollars per plate you'd think the steaks would be cook as ordered. Or just NOT taste burnt! And a pet peeve of mine: NOT seasoning your steaks!! You at least need a light sprinkle of salt & pepper; anything really! These steaks were absolutely bland. What a waste of good steaks: not seasoning & over-cooking them. Three others in the party ordered burgers and they were decent. One ordered Gnudi (not a misspelling - it's ravioli without the pasta shell?) & she said it was very good. One of the big eaters ordered some pasta also as a side and that was good. Apps we ordered: -Artichoke dip was very... weird. Everyone agreed it was "not good" -Chicken skewers (2 per stick, 2 sticks per order) that were basically minced chicken in a square shape. We had 8 pieces between 9 people and yet we were forcing ppl to take one, that's how bad they were -A dozen oysters. They're ok, nothing special. Just the price: thirty smackaroos! Should have heeded the reviews! But the ambiance and the beautiful leafy canopy were too much to pass up. Heard it's a dance club at night & a pretty decent one; but I definitely won't be returning any time soon.
I came here twice, once to go out and once for dinner. The first time I went I really loved it - the outdoor are was lively and neat. The bouncer was understanding, too. My friend and I got approached by two guys who told us they knew we were best friends, and then to prove their point asked us what our favorite shampoo was and said we looked at each other (like best friend's do) before answering. Unfortunately their plan fell through because my friend and I had met through a mutual friend that night..but we all still had a fun time!
Great place.  Went there with some friends from out of town and loved the food and the setting.  They have a huge covered patio area with plenty of seating.  In addition, they have a lot of indoor space and even a big fireplace lounge area in the back.
Listen if you want a place with rooftop access and want to bring some out -of-towners, go here.  Nice decorations and good young crowd.  Prices I think are fine (considering the area), however, if you are low on cash I recommend pregaming (drink at home) before coming here.  Otherwise, its a good chill joint.
The idea of eating around trees intrigued me, so I made the mistake of going to this restaurant. Cannot complain about service. Waitress was there, as needed. However, the food was horrible. My friend had a pasta and pork dish while I had a overly seasoned, dried pastrami sandwich. Tasted my friend's pasta, and we would have done better eating... More
The food and drinks were amazing here!  I had the spaghetti squash pizza and it was the best thing I have had in a long time.  The waitress was good making sure we were ok and if we had any allergies.  I will return soon I hope!
Boo! My husband and I decided to give this place a try for brunch. The weather was gorgeous and the prospect of sitting in the garden seemed appealing. Though there were tons of open tables when we arrived, we were asked by the host to wait while the servers "got things under control".... I'm sorry, what? Apparently they were grossly understaffed. After about 10 minutes we were shown to our table. 5 minutes later, our waiter came by and told us that he would be back, but that "it would be awhile." Behind me I overheard a busboy taking orders and I witnessed an angry customer trying in vain to pay his bill. This was our cue, we got up from our table and left. We headed to Cookshop where we were immediately seated and served a killer brunch. Here's a word to the wise, The Park; get yourselves together. Really, how embarrassing that you can't even handle a light brunch crowd on a Sunday morning.
We picked this spot for our cousins dinner as it looked very interesting from the pictures online. So I called, made reservations for 4 ppl but then called and changed it to 6 ppl fora 7:30pm reservation. We drove from LI to the city and arrived 7:24pm. When we went to check in, ONE of the managers says that we don't have reservations, then he says we have it on a piece of paper not in their computer system, then he says it was for 4 ppl at 9 pm. I explain to him everything and he catches an attitude and says the hostess will seat us soon. So we chill at the bar, after 30 mins, no seating so I go talk to hostess and they had no idea. WHAT? The manager left for the night. She says she will seat us. So and other 30 mins- seriously? Why make reservations? Well nothing again so now I go back and talk to the only NICE manager there and explain what is happening and that we will leave if they can't seat us. In 3 mins that manager seats us and we get ready for a great dinner. And he even comped our appetizers because our food came out cold. Besides the reservation drama- atmosphere was great, the food was  just ok , and the manager was excellent.
My friend was hosting a birthday party at The Park tonight, where I have been a few times.  When I can sit in the garden which is pretty, I usually can overlook the overpriced drinks and semi-edible Grade Pending food to enjoy the ambiance.  This time however, I came to my friends birthday and was turned away because my expensive flip flop type embellished sandals were not acceptable.  I have knee issues and this was my suitable option.  It's funny that the extremely rude and entitled hostess said it was a "safety issue" and yet my friend was wearing almost the exact same shoes was allowed in.  It was rude and completely uncalled for and you can bet I will never return to this place again.  Also, you can bet that as someone who plans and makes referrals for events in the TV Entertainment industry that I will also spread the word.
I was invited to a friend's birthday celebration here last winter. The first thing I noticed was how spacious it was! The interior design was impressive, and the entire staff was very friendly and helpful. Mixed drinks at the bar average at about $9, which isn't bad considering how nice this place is. In the restaurant area, there are trees tastefully covered in Christmas lights. They also have several lounger areas with low tables and comfortable sofas. The dance floor opens at midnight, and is located at the upper level. Music was mostly Top 40s. Everyone was well-dressed, there was no cover change, coat check was cheap, and the bathrooms were clean. In terms of diversity, there were a lot of Asians. Overall, it's a very classy venue, and I would definitely come back again.
I didn't drink anything..since i already drank a ton before i got here...around 2am on a Saturday. i heard usually it's very packed..even downstairs, but it was only packed upstairs this time. no cover, music is ok..until they started playing salsa................. ??!?!? i'd come back though, it's a chill place.
This is my first Yelp review. The food was very good but the service was HORRIBLE. We had a server tonight by the name of Alexis who generally ignored us, was short with us when we inquired about the menu, and then was totally unapologetic when we found PLASTIC IN OUR HOT CHOCOLATE. Once again, the food was good up until this discovery. However, when I (very) politely said, "I just wanted to bring to your attention we found this piece of plastic in my friend's hot chocolate" instead of being apologetic our server snatched it from me, grabbed my friend's hot chocolate and left without saying a word. She came back with a fresh one fifteen minutes later and, still without an apology, said "That was probably just sugar from the marshmallows." She then slammed down the new hot chocolate (which we were still charged for) and stormed off. That was not sugar folks. Plastic.
The decor at The Park is absolutely stunning. The fireplaces, the trees, the stairs I loved everything about it. We went here to "Pre-game" before heading to 1 Oak around the corner so we only had drinks. I was so impressed I would love to come back and eat dinner here. The ambiance is extremely relaxing and its a huge place. The music they were playing was good and they're were a lot of people just hanging out and dancing. Admission is free which is always cool so they're profit at night must come from the bar. I had a vodka/orange juice but the orange juice had pulp. Its nice to have freshly squeezed OJ but not I'm my cocktail. Other than that beautiful place!!!
I've been here several times now.  What I like about it is the indoor garden area.  It is such a pretty place to eat a casual meal.  The food is pretty good as well.  The bread is delicious and the salads are yummy.  I like that the restaurant is never too crowded while always having a good amount of people.  The space is quite large.   So if you are out walking the highline, I would recommend stopping here for an easy lunch. I have also had the burger which was yum. I have never been here for the club upstairs.
Broken glass left all over the super crowded dance floor upstairs... seriously?? Get that sh-t cleaned up.
I have been here a few times before for brunch and it was a fine place but after this experience I hesitate to go back. 1. Despite arriving 15 minutes early for reservation with complete party and a child we did not get seated until 20 minutes after our reservation time.  Atleast 8 tables had no patrons whatsoever but still couldn't seat us. 2. Took another 20 minutes to take our order not even drinks orders. 3, did not give us bread like other tablets until we asked twice about it 4. Did not have honey for tea 5. Bloody Mary had no celery or other garnish and we needed to ask for it twice like the bread 6. Waitress attempted at making excuses but then got lost for words and opulent even complete a sentence. 7. Food was lukewarm on arrival and took 25 minutes for eggs! 8. All diners in our paryt of 5 had something mixed up on their order. 9. Waitress unfamiliar with beer selection
The ambiance of the whole restaurant is amazing. Especially by the garden area. But they sat us on the side of the garden area where there was a drain or sewage hole so there were a lot of fruit flies. I was disgusted. I felt it flying all over my legs. Thankfully there was a lot of empty tables so my friends and I moved to another table. We couldn't even ask the waiter to move us because he was never there to check up on us. Our waters were not refilled. The fries were super salty. The only time the waiter checked on us was when he saw us looking around for him so we can ask for the check. When we were ready to pay the waiter, again, he was never around. I got annoyed and just handed the money to the busboy. The busboy eventually gave us our change. The busboy was really nice and helpful. He was more attentive and helpful than our own waiter. They had terrible service. I expect quality service from what looks like a "quality" restaurant.
Came here for drinks before dinner. The atmosphere is really chill. The muscato they have here is really sweet :) the Baked Artichoke Dip with Olive Oil Crackers is tasty. They also serve you complimentary Focaccia bread.
This place was decent over the summer- pretty good music, fun, dancing, etc. Always a place to bump into people you know. It's not the best place but somewhere to go if all other plans fail. It's a solid back up. It's really nice inside. The upstairs used to be very "poppin" but I was there last weekend and it was empty! They had a line by the stairs and when you got upstairs, it was dead. It used to be the BEST part of The Park. Downstairs is where all the music and dancing is now. By the way... there are like 30 dead birds stuffed on the wall behind one of the bars? I'm not sure how that makes a bar/lounge/ restaurant more appealing... but it honestly just freaked me out!
Let me start my saying the staff at this place is a disgrace. I had planned on coming here for a family members birthday lunch, and had called to make a reservation a few weeks before. After receiving a verbal confirmation via the phone, I thought we were all set to go. Upon arrival the 2 hostesses (one claiming to be a "manager") were just downright rude and told us our reservation was "missing" and they could not accommodate our party of 7 for lunch. After expressing that I had spoken to someone one day prior, had my email confirmation and all the details for my reservation, they were unwilling to help or be of any assistance in this matter with a "don't care" attitude. Their way of trying to "resolve" the situation was to put 2 small tables (that fit 4 people total) together for a party of 7. This was disgraceful and unacceptable and we received both awful attitudes and dirty looks from the staff!! Bottom line, we walked out and will never be returning. Don't let the decor fool you. Shame on this place for their customer service and disrespectful staff.
Five stars for the ambience! Loved the indoor trees, sun roof, and bar decor. Perfect brunch venue that sets you in relaxed-park-mode straight away. I was preparing myself for an iHop standard brunch based on the way the food was described on the pedestrian looking menu. Thankfully, I was pleasantly surprised by the Waffle with ham, cheddar and black pepper butter. MUST TRY! In reverse, I proceeded to try their dense pecan bread appetizer with sweet butter. Something tells me the chef knows butter very well. One of the best free serving appetizers I've had. The egg and toast my friend ordered was worse than iHop standard, the burger with fries was a hearty tasty meal, nothing to scream about. I guess their menu has hits and misses. I recommend sticking with the Chef's Recommendation section of the menu. That's where my waffle was categorized. Others who ordered from the Chef's recommendation section seemed to have pretty impressive looking food served. They were smiling like me on every bite so I guess Chef's Recommendation really is the recommendation. Wait staff were friendly and attentive, a very important factor for a relaxing Saturday brunch. Enjoyed my experience overall.
Beautiful place for a great time, excellent for brunch! Food is amazing love your french fries The garden have a nice view the trees the birds all awesome! We will be back for sure!!!
This place is awesome, and gigantic. But not overwhelmingly so, which is nice. Me and my friend came in here for her birthday to grab a drink and hang out and I think we  made a great decision. We sat in the outside/inside part (which I guess is technically the "park" section of this massive spot) and had a very strong and well made cocktail while we discussed all the crap we've been doing prior to seeing each other. I was told by the birthday girl's brother that there's a hottub on the top floor...we really only stayed around for one drink before we went elsewhere but don't you guys worry, I will DEFINITELY be back to see if that rumor is true!
Loved this place! I ordered the Butternut Squash Gnudi....amazing.  Except I ordered the small plate and it only came with 3....definitely ordering the larger plate next time.  I think the prices were insanely reasonable for the service, ambience and food (especially since I didn't pay lol, just kidding).  The garden at night is all lit up and beautiful.  Definitely coming back with some girlfriends next time!
The Park is one of my favorite places to go to have some drinks and enjoy the company I'm with. The place is absolutely gorgeous with many rooms of different themes all decorated. The second floor is where most people go at night and dance but on the second floor, there's this outdoor patio area where you can sit and talk with friends. There are bars in almost every one of the rooms so if there's a line near one, just go to another room and order a drink there. The drinks are pretty strong and not too expensive. Plus there's no cover so given that it's so beautiful, I would totally just come during the day and enjoy the view. I'm still not sure why it only has 3 stars but looking at the other reviews, they seemed like they didn't know the dress policy. Girls you can't wear sandals, even if they are strappy "nicer" sandals.
I can see why this place averages a solid three star rating.  The setup they got inside is nice, there is no cover, entry is fast and easy despite the line here usually, and it seems to be a reliable place to turn if you have to get in a large party into a place without any hassle or fuss.  The doormen and bouncers are happy to see everybody here. But therein also lies the problem.  Whenever my gfs have partied here (whether for a party or on their own), they have been apologetic or made an excuse for having had to go here again which makes me think the lack of exclusivity here makes it almost embarrassing for them.  Like no one wants to admit they go to The Park to party a lot even if they do and like it.  LOL. If one can look past the lack of exclusivity, it is a decent place.  I actually like the lighting decor they have going on and the fireplaces inside.  The dance area on the second floor is okay but a bit too muted and I like places with more razzle dazzle personally.  I've only been once and have never gone back but would go again if other people wanted to go.
The space is unique. It has a garden, adjacent to the main part of the restaurant. The garden has actual greenery growing (trees, flowers) and small birds fly into the garden eating area. I truly felt like I was having a picnic in the garden, except that I was properly seated, had utensils and glassware. Their rosemary fries had a hint of rosemary. Their burger bun was an english muffin. We wanted seconds of their foccacia bread with olive oil. My potato gnocchi was delicious!!!!! The ambiance is perfect for a date night if the theme is "park".
Another typical nyc trendy? spot for the people who don't care/know about food so much. The space is quite nice though.
I came here for my birthday in 2011 and had a great time. We didn't have any of the food but the atmosphere is magic and the drinks were great. Definitely gotta go back soon.
I came here last Saturday for the club upstairs. The Park is more casual than the other places we passed by in Meatpacking, and cheaper. $10-11 drinks were strong. I wasn't in love with the decor, which was Oriental with soft lamp lighting. I would've preferred the plush decor downstairs. But it wasn't too bad. The bar opens up to a semi-outdoor terrace, and lots of people were dancing there. It was busy enough to have diversity and to circulate but still space to dance, move, sit down. I love how chill it was; the music was house/electro (Some people who frequent Kiss and Fly ended up here because the other place was closed; and they seem to approve). There were a decent number of Asians there and the guys actually hit on us (which is quite different from other Asian crowds I've seen). Would like to bring my friends back here.
Came here both for food and the club. The food was delicious - albeit a bit pricey and limited selection. The atmosphere was so nice! My friends and I came here for dinner and the lighting was so pretty. I wish we sat out in the garden area...there were trees inside! As for the club, it's a nice venue - no cover. Will definitely return with the boyfriend and go for a nice romantic walk on the highline afterwards.
The menu is small. Very beautiful place and Chef's burger is amazing !!
This review is for brunch. I was very skeptical about going here based on the reviews. But everything was great! I made reservations on open table for brunch noon on Sunday. We were seated right away. Great service! Waitress was very attentive! Came over multiple times to check on us! She gave us recommendations as well. Server (Steph) was amazing! The food was good- we ordered the breakfast pizza, turkey burger and eggs florentine. Decor is gorgeous! Lovely afternoon! HIGHLY RECOMMEND for brunch!!
I was a bit surprised to read some of the negative reviews, but then I realized that they're mostly for the club/nighttime scene. I came with my mom for brunch recently, and had a great time! The service was excellent, and they didn't mind that we changed out seats twice (i just really wanted to sit in the garden!). The food is so well-priced and was really good. Hello yummy bellini and breakfast pizza. Yes, breakfast pizza. Overall, this is a perfect brunch with the parents spot, as it feels cool, but not too hip. I will definitely come back!
Drinks!  That's what i came here for - it was really nice had a good vibe to it when i was there.  2 drinks - very strong - enjoyed my time.  Spoke to the bartender - Kiki who was awesome!  She's really funny!  If you guys get a chance to talk to her - she's a great conversationalist!
I've probably been to this place about a dozen times by now over the past few years and it's always a solid choice...  what I love the most is that there's different vibes / scenes in the various areas of this expansive place, including the dining area.  there's the bar with a cozy fireplace, the back room that's more open and conducive for conversations, the outdoor patio area (for nice summer nights or for smokers), and then the more "clubby" upstairs area.  Something for everyone...
Went to The park last night for a 10:30 reservation for a party of four. We arrived a bit early but were seated promptly. The place is gorgeous! Trees lit up with white lights, branches and vines curling around the ceiling...if I had the money, I would rent the place out and get married here!   The menu didn't really do too much for me. I loved what I did end up ordering though. We ordered the fried calamari as an appetizer and that was great. My friend and I both decided on the potato gnocchi with arugula, pancetta and pecorino & it was amazing. I ordered the larger portion and actually almost finished the entire thing (I usually just pick when I eat). Boyfriend had the Park burger and said it was fine- nothing special, just a regular good burger. Our other friend had the margherita pizza, which was decent. We concluded that our waitress was definitely high on something...which is totally unprofessional. She was just out of it the whole time. We stayed after dinner in the lounge area. Good drinks, good music and the downstairs section wasn't too packed. Upstairs was too congested. Overall we had a good fun night! Will most likely come back here.
We went for an early dinner on 1/25/14 with 7 other family members and sat in the greenhouse (the room with the trees). Beautiful atmosphere, but we slowly became aware of a disgusting problem. Although we could not see any movement, there were birds living in the trees inside the restaurant. They probably got in there because they leave the doors open to this space in warmer weather. That means the birds were probably in there for several months. WELL... first my husband was hit by bird droppings but thought it was something off the ceiling because we couldn't see any birds. I was then hit in the arm with droppings, but still we were uncertain what was going on. The bottom line was that I was hit at least 2 times and my husband 3 times, but it could have been more. We were really concerned that something would drop in our food. We asked the waiter if there were birds, and he immediately said yes and offered us dry-cleaning coupons. After it happened again, the manager came over and said they had been trying to get rid of the birds. He wound up taking my food cost off of our tab, but that wasn't really enough to make us less disgusted. It was impossible to move our party since we were 9 people. Seriously, call an exterminator. It seems like this would be a health code violation. I have never had this happen to me before, even when eating outside.  Besides that, my butternut squash lasagne was mushy and had no flavor but parmesan cheese. My husband did have an outrageously good pastrami sandwich, however. Service was slow also. I would say, it you are going to try this restaurant, definitely do not sit in the room with the trees!! The restaurant had been recommended, so I was disappointed.
Small wine list and short list of speciality drinks. I had the "Pretty in Pink" cocktail and it was good, albeit a bit too sweet for my liking. The calamari was just OK, the peices were really large and chewy. I had the Chef's Burger: Braised Short Rib,  Blue Cheese, Roasted Mushrooms ... it was one of the best burgers I have had in a long time. My friend got the Seasonal Mushroom White Pizza and it was very good as well- enough for 2-3 people. I was visiting NYC and this place was just fine... I didn't feel out of place or like it was "too trendy" which sometimes makes me uncomfortable when I visit New York. This is a great date place... very romantic under the trees :). If you do bring a date here, skip the Chef's burger... the blue cheese is very potent :).
Just so you know, I went here a WHILE ago, so I'm basing it on that visit.  I wanted to write a review though because I had a GREAT time and would like to go back if I had friends who went out dancing more OFTEN!  The place is huge, trendy posh pretty and has an upstairs with good dance music!  The line for the bar was a hot mess and the drinks were pretty pricey but I didn't have to pay at the door and I got there early enough to miss the line to get in (my friends didn't) so my night dancing away at The Park was a HIT!
At first I thought the restaurant-turned-nightclub thing was super strange, but now that I've been to The Park at night I finally get it. I loved the ambiance - dimly lit, almost ethereal. The top floor was a little too crowded for my liking, but the bartenders were still quick and efficient. What really won me over was the "park" area on the first floor at night - with plenty of open tables where you can continue to sip on drinks, lounge, and get away from the crowd while still partaking in ~the scene~.
This is based off the restaurant aspect only. If you want the summary: 1) Rosemary on everything. 2) Food was OVERsalted to the point of hilarity. 3) Waiter dropped our "take home" food...but still gave it to us. 4) Bird shit. Now, if you stuck around for the long version, well suit up kiddies! You're in for quite a ride! My boyfriend and I went to eat here on a date a while back and I've been meaning to write a review for this place for a while now so here goes. We came here purely on a whim; I actually intended to go to amazing Artichoke next door (this is what happens when you don't listen to a woman :P) but once we glanced in and saw the pseudo-romantic ambience inside we figured why not, right? Wrong. There were a few clues throughout the time being there that shouted to us, "Nooo! Leaavee! Don't come back!" but we merrily ignored these-goodnatured omens & continued on our way blissfully unaware, and convinced that an empty restaurant was a sign of good fortune & not warning. The waiter was professional enough, & after he coaxed us into drinking our very own bottled water, served us luke-warm bread with some stale olive oil..that tasted of rosemary. What was it doing on our seedy bread in our olive oil..? No idea but it sure didn't belong there I can tell you that much. Yet, we kept going on positively, thinking, "Hey, maybe we should keep our minds &palates open!" because maybe people were into bread that was meant to be fed to birds. Before I review the food I'd just like to say that...I am NOT a picky eater...like AT all. We were recommended the calamari with chipotle aioli & marinara and that was safe enough, maybe a tad overseasoned but the chipotle aioli made up for it. We chose whatever looked safest on the menu: Steak Frites with French Fries and Wood Oven Roasted Chicken with Parsnip, Butternut Squash and Matso. Should be fine, right? Nope. I kid you not, in an almost comical way, the food was so super, super, SUPER salty--that we had no idea what to do about it. Sure, the steak was cooked alright albeit tough, but the rest of the meal tasted of salt & rosemary. It was in both dishes &ruined the taste entirely..I am now avoiding rosemary in every meal like the plague because of this experience. My BF didn't like the butternut squash, parsnip and matso..concoction as well and I tasted it and agreed. A bit weird. Totally not what we were expecting to eat with this fried chicken (that's all it really was). The best part of this night, and I am dead serious when I'm writing this, is us not finishing our food (duh) but we feel bad about throwing it away so I figure I'll save it for when I'm starving or hand it off to a homeless person on the way out or something. What happens next is priceless: as our table is being cleared of all our food&dishes, this one waiter is awesome enough to be able to put ALL of the plates on his arms, but we both were kinda worried because it looked like a shaky set up so we watched him go. While we were sitting in this marvelous garden, we witnessed him--BANG--dropping EVERYTHING he had in his arms onto the floor, with a dejected look on his face (hey, I'd be upset too if I had to clean up all of that mess). As we turn back to our conversation we both wondered aloud, "He dropped the food didn't he..? You don't think..he wouldn't...give us the food that he dropped and pretended that it didn't happen..right..? Nahh" and we just shrugged it off and chuckled to ourselves. Lo and behold, THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT HE DID WHEN HE APPROACHED OUR TABLE 15 MINUTES LATER, CARRYING  OUR FOOD IN A TO-GO BAG, WRAPPED UP AND READY TA GO. I don't know what you would have done; but my BF& I just sat there first bewildered &then we just LAUGHED our asses off. I mean, seriously!? You just dropped all of that on the FLOOR! We SAW you! Lmao! We could not believe it. &while I like to take the easy route and not cause any trouble, my BF at least wanted to say something to the waiter or manager in passing. We tried to do so quietly without causing any disturbance and then we were just going to leave without our food. What ends up happening is the waiter comes OUT to talk to us and says: "What is ze problem here?! What joo saw was that I dropped the food? We would not give it to you! Oh c'man! You don't trust us?!" And grins like crazy. No. No, we don't bro. All in all, sure the service was alright despite the mishap and nobody was outwardly rude to us or anything but the food..yech. I'm aware this has turned into beyond an essay, but it needed to be said. I'm not sure of how The Park is on any other night for the food, but for THAT night at least, I was sorely disappointed for the overseasoning. If anyone from management reads this I hope you fix that because there's a lot of potential in that restaurant&I hear the nightclub is ok! But for now..we will not be going back to The Park..anytime soon. Good luck. PS My bf got shat on by birds LOL. Did not help our night!
Been here a few time for a few bdays and nights out. Food is good, drinks are ok. HUGE place. Downstairs is more loungey/restaurant area and upstairs is a smalled place for dancey dance. Big bar upstairs, and jacuzzi with outside area (kinda). No cover.
So I get it  but not as a venue for the Cuckoo Club. I did not know that the Sunday night Gay Night at Hiro was called Cuckoo Club til I looked it up ahead of time and learned that for some odd reason this night was now at "The Park". The Park is ill equipped to host this theme.  First, I waited nearly an hour on the line.  I don't wait on lines.  But some how I kept convincing myself that it wouldn't take much longer.  Ok, I must have done that a lot. I don't know what happened. Let me say that once inside I discovered that this was really poor line management.  The club was so empty.  This seems like a cool venue but not for the party at hand.  No. The go go boys sort of have to find a ledge to dance on so as a previous reviewer wrote, they seem inappropriate here. At Hiro, they each have their perch with proper lighting for their ass crack and the dancefloor is big.  Here the dancefloor is in front of a fireplace. Practical its not. If Hiro doesn't retake this night, then I wont be going back to the oddly name CuckooClub on future trips to NYC which is a shame because I so looked forward to Hiro Sundays.
So disappointed in this place. For starters, the place had a "grade pending" on the window. I swallowed my better judgement and hoped for the best. Sigh. Should've, could've, would've! Sat down in the bar lounge area and was instantly swarmed by the local bar flies. No literally, flies at the bar! Yuck. Despite this, my company and I went halfway through a bottle of 2004 Merlot when our crispy calamari to share came out. Another disappointment: calamari was neither crispy with a crust that crumbled right off. It was also chewy and we had the misfortune of finding a hair in it. The calamari was promptly whisked away, and they took it off our bill. However, on this rainy day we couldnt help but notice that the vent to the right of us started letting the rain through. The barkeep set up some towels and called it a day. Disappointed and would not return.
The worst dining experience I've ever had in New York city in 10 years. Also the most weird and scary experience that I haven't ever imagined to happen in a restaurant like this.   I was there yesterday around 1:10-2:45pm and had to call the police for my sister's lost iphone which was on our table right before the waitress picked up our check. The iphone was turned off immediately when we called using my phone. Anyway we realized this immediately and asked them to check whether they took the phone accidentally. However, they said they didn't do it and couldn't find it anywhere else. The floor manager came to say not to worry and they would check their security cameras. 15 mins later she came saying they didn't find any thing suspicious from their servers and there is nothing they can do, asking us to leave. I told them that we couldn't leave when we knew for sure her iphone was still in the restaurant, and that we wanted to see the cameras ourselves if possible. However, they kept saying they couldn't bring customers to their back room because the manager didn't allow it. I asked her then we would like to talk to the manager in person. We waited for another 15 mins and they didn't show up at all.   So we called 911 and thankfully NYPD came in 10 mins and we were explaining what happened to two police officers sitting in their car. Looks like the staff in the restaurant got freaked out. The two servers SUDDENLY came out with the lost iphone, saying they found the phone! Strangely THE PHONE WAS TURNED ON now?! I don't know what exactly happened, but my only "guess" is that something suspicious is going on in this restaurant (individual-level or team-level), and we wouldn't be able to find the iphone if we hadn't called the police which they didn't expect. (typically NYPD won't come for a lost phone,but we were lucky). Possibly we looked like naive tourists (yes, we took lots of photos), which made us some sorts of easy target. Go to The Park if you're sure to protect your iphone, and can successfully call the police immediately in case yours is stolen! Good luck!
the downstairs is so beautiful.  i came here when this place turns into a lounge/club?  in the daytime its a restaurant~  i brought a few friends who came from out of town here just so they could dance.  a bunch of the girls werent drinkers so a table and bottle service would have been wasted on them.  &&&&& the biggest thumbs up to this place is NO COVER CHARGE.   the park is broken up into 3 levels.  the top level which is the "rooftop" is straight up a meat market.  so, if ur single and wanna get down w/someone...  well, here you go. i'm not, so i was not amused.  my friends were, so i guess the park got the job done.  lol personally, this scene is not for me.   *the high line is right across from the park. fyi, i saw a girl who wasn't allowed to enter b/c she was wearing sandals.  i never would have guessed this place had a dress code lol
Great SPACIOUS club with strong drinks and places to lounge..one of my favorites in NYC when I go...
Unless you're like a 27-year-old and above and a banker, you will not like this place. People, like me, who love crazy crowds, thrive on loud and fast-paced music and a lively scene will just dance for the hell of it here.  The dance floor here is so dry, no matter how much you pump into it, it's still dry regardless. Sure, you may like the beautiful, dinner in the forest-like setting room--the overall upscale energy of this place--but the scene is super boring. I think most people who come here just come to socialize with their friends over a drink (which are expensive) and nodding their heads for the music is the most dancing they'll do. This is not a great place if you spend Friday and Saturday nights at the clubs. Music was mediocre and there was no real dance floor; people will move their feet but there's no real dancing here. I think I'll come here when I want to talk over a drink. On a side note, the bathroom attendant lady was extremely nasty and was kicking everyone who stood on their toes the second they walk in. The irony is that there is a chair inside.
The only saving grace of dinner and drinks at this place was the fact that it is beautiful inside. However, we had a reservation, the table wasn't ready, the food was sub par, the drinks tasted not like anything and the service was non-existent starting right from the rude hostess at the door to the absent minded waitress who "served" us.  After complaining about the lack of attention to detail in the service, the manger sent complimentary  champagne and the waitress brought 6 glasses....for our table of 8.  Won't be back here again.
SO let me start by saying I have not tried the food. But I will give this place 4-stars just for atmosphere. The inside is contemporary, and very comfortable. In the winter it's great to sit next to the fire place. Proximity to High Line Park and Chelsea Market is also a plus. There is also never a cover to get in and that in itself is quite nice. So ambiance gets 4-stars. If I ever eat here, I will update accordingly.
The place was packed when I came here for my birthday. It's also HUGE and I got lost in the many different rooms and stairways. The outside patio area is gorgeous at night with lots of lights strewn on the trees and ample seating. The unpretentious vibe of the place and the no line to get in makes it a place that I would go back to.
4/5 stars: Review is solely based on the night scene. I have never dined here before. This is my second visit at the Park for the night life. I always enjoy myself here; music selection is not bad either. The crowd is about 25-40 years old--you get a mix of younger and older folks. I do admit..when we were last here, the guy are aggressive--watch out! The outdoor decor and couches add a nice touch to the ambiance--lives up to the name "the park!"
Great atmosphere and delicious food! Had a wonderful experience with some of my friends. However, the service was pretty slow. Our waitress forgot to bring us the drinks we ordered.
A beautiful restaurant perfect for any meal. Make sure to get a seat in the garden, an indoor greenhouse with full-grown trees that makes guests feel like they are in an actual park. While this place is calm at breakfast, it turns into a hopping scene when the sun goes down. The banana bread served with breakfast is amazing! Try to save room for your breakfast by not eating it all, it takes a lot of will power. The crispy French toast is great, but be warned it is literally one piece of toast, not really enough for a meal by any stretch of the imagination. The huevos rancheros are great and served with guacamole.
This place has beautiful decor (even the restrooms are amazing) and lots of space, so there are never issues about the place being over capacity. No cover and doormen are guy-friendly, so none of my guy friends had to deal with buying a $400 bottle to get in the door or any of that nonsense. However, because they let everyone in, there are definitely a number of creeps lurking around. Ladies, mentally prepare multiple escape plans for when some rando creeps up behind you, because I guarantee this will happen. There is also a good number of oglers who just creepily stare at you from across the room. Still, these are better than the handsy ones who try to dance with you. Music is good, but on the upper levels the volume was out of control. I like my music loud, but this was just deafening. Also, I asked for a rum and coke at the bar and ended up with a gin and tonic. Not sure if this was due to an incompetent bartender or just one with severe hearing loss from working at this place, but either way, it was annoying. Drink prices - better than anywhere else in this area for damn sure. Would I return? Only if I was with a large group of guys/girls and we weren't sure the ratio was okay to get in elsewhere.
I went here for a lunch with my cousin. The decor is absolutely beautiful and the trees inside just look amazing. The atmosphere is magic . Definitely going to go back soon .. The menu is limited but for a light lunch it was fine and the price is definitely right.
Keep on eye on your belongings!! My wife and her sister were there today. When they were leaving, my wife realized that her iphone on the table was gone. They asked the floor manager to check the surveillance camera and their waitress, but the manager said that she checked it and there was nothing, remaining not cooperative. Meanwhile, my wife called me to locate her iphone through her iPad app and I found that it was turned off. The manager said there was nothing that they could do. So, my wife and her sister called the police. Thankfully, they came (normally they don't come for this kind of theft). After the police came, those people in the restaurant became very cooperative, and their waitress and another girl who took the napkins on their table came back to them with her iphone, saying that it was buried in their napkins. But guess what. Now the iphone is turned on. Be careful!!
I heard this place was awesome until I got to the door. I went with a group of 20 people and because the bouncer thought two of our friends' IDs were fake, they lost all 20 of us. The IDs were valid!! We're all OLD! The friends were able to supply with a secondary, Cornell Grad Student, matching name and picture ID to which he said "this isn't even the same person." Wow if the bouncers don't even know how to check IDs, might as well just go to another bar.
I've only been here once, but overall it was impressive.  The area is very spacious and the food was really good.  I'm not a picky eater, but this place was not too bad.  I came here on a Sunday night with my friend who lives in the area, and his band of friends.  We all had a great time.  The food was a reasonable price too, and it's in the meatpacking district--you can't go wrong.
Disclaimer: I have never eaten here. I think The Park is great for one thing and one thing only - a big group. There's just so much space I was pretty amazed. It did not feel like a club to me though, more like a giant lounge with one awkward, small area where you can dance. The service is decent but the drinks are unimpressive. I like the chill atmosphere of the garden area and it's honestly the only place you can go with a big group without a lot of hassel or having to pay a cover/table minimum.
Watch out your iPhone here! A Thief in the restaurant. I won't go there again!
*Review based on club/bar night* First of all, no cover charge for a decent and trendy club/bar in the city?  Never heard of this before in Boston!  Second, this place was conveniently located only a 5-minute ($8) cab ride from Times Square (where our hotel was).   It was my friends' and my first time partying in NYC at legal drinking age, and we came here expecting to dance the night away.  The Park did not have much of a dancing scene.  For a young crowd, definitely not enough energy and music could have been better.  They played some old school songs that weren't dance-able to, but were great "break times" to replenish on alcohol, haha.  Probably not the best idea since cocktails & shots were pricey. I would highly recommend cabbing, driving, carpooling, whatever.  Just don't take public transportation.  The closest stop brought us to a quiet and dark neighborhood that Friday night.  And we still had to walk a good distance before reaching The Park ... in high heels! ;(  Luckily when we left, we learned that there were plenty of cabs available and we got back safely. Overall, I managed to have a fun time with my friends and we look forward to partying in NYC again.
I was here for a birthday dinner from 8pm to midnight in the garden seating section.  The food is regular contemporary American.  I got the fish that was all too spicy but is decent enough.  The prices are high for the quality of the food but you're paying for the decor, which is amazing!!  The trees and bamboo in the Garden really made it what it is.  I think (not sure) that the Garden is indoors or at least closed up for Winter so it was not chilly at all for Winter.
As a club, 4 stars because the atmosphere is phenomenal -- large outdoor area & nature smack dab in the middle of a concrete space. The line to get in is long, but once inside, it isn't too crowded. Definitely a winner as far as aesthetics. As a restaurant, 3 stars. The hostess has apparently never heard the first impressions adage; as the customer's first point of contact, it would serve the establishment well if they hired someone who smiled & didn't act crabby as fuck. We were certainly taken aback by her attitude. We had two staffers taking care of us, waiter was impatient & copped an attitude (I sense a trend here & I don't like it), while the waitress was sweet & friendly. Overall rating for service: 2 stars. Food: buffalo mozzarella & roasted tomatoes  as my appetizer, parmesan polenta with eggs & pancetta for my entree. He ordered the soup of the day & the salmon. We were both disappointed in the quality (wilted tomatoes, excess grease) & execution (ingredients, especially in his entree, were poorly paired.) Wouldn't come back to eat, but would definitely come back to drink & dance.
This venue is sooo adorable! Huge dining area, small dance floor on the first floor, and huge dance area/ patio on the second floor! We ordered Margherita pizza on the late night menu and the pizza was really good. I tried the Southern belle drink and it was delicious!
The company I work for had its holiday party here tonight. I don't know how many people went, but it was waaay crowded -- so much so that you could hardly move around the space, much less get to the food and drink. I ate a couple of slices of pizza and a springroll, and then I'd had it with the crush and the noise of the music. Couldn't even really talk to people. But the thing that really bugged me, I guess, was that I wasn't really in the mood to drink. And despite an open bar, they didn't have any non-alcoholic beer, and I was left to a Coke or soda water and fruit juice. I didn't feel like fighting the noise and crowd to drink Coke. While the event side was packed -- I did like the area with the really high ceilings, old glass windows, and trees, which had lights on them -- the main side was much more mellow. I imagine that the event will spill over there eventually, but the main bar was much more manageable, and the dining room looked solid. The bathrooms are downstairs off the main room, not the event space, and there's a man in there who'll call you "buddy," turn on the taps for you, and give you Chiclets. The urinals are way old and quite large.
I really like this place and I'm surprised there are so many negative reviews. The best part is that it's HUGE. There's two floors, both with a lot of open space. There are also cozy fireplaces throughout the bottom floor. The dj downstairs was playing mostly hip hop and r&b, which is a relief bc it seems every other club is playing techno and dance nowadays.  The only downside was these really perverted creepers trying to talk to us, but that's as expected in any NYC lounge.
Food - 5 stars! Atmosphere - 5 stars! Service - big red check mark! Food here is fresh and their portions are big! Their food will definitely leave you satisfied. The drinks are nice and strong, just how I like them! Atmosphere is great especially in the evening. If you are in the garden area (which is lovely, btw) and the doors are open on a nice warm night, you get to see the subset from the Hudson River. Service (angry face)- well, the night started off well until we got our food (which were served to us by the other servers). We finished our drinks after our appetizers and halfway into our meal, we were quite thirsty. Our waitress, Anastasia did not check on us for a good 20 minutes until I had to walk the perimeter of the entire restaurant searching for her! It would be nice to be checked on even if she was not the one to hand us our food. Everything else of this restaurant was excellent but I'm going to request that Anastasia does not become our waitress.
This whole atmosphere is so much fun. For starters, if you're going for lunch or dinner, the main floor has a delightful ambiance. The food is surprisingly tasty - particularly the soppresata pizza, the spinach/artichoke dip with olive oil crackers, and their sangria: AMAZING. Get a pitcher, you'll be happy you did. If you're going for a night out, the upper level is a lot of fun and the vibe is great for any size group. However, the drinks are VERY expensive for what you're getting so if you're trying to keep cost down, don't order shots. Overall, I'd definitely recommend The Park - if not for your night out, then definitely for a good meal.
Came here for dancing last saturday and my friends and I had a blast! First of all, there's no cover so yay! It's kinda scary though that the dance floor is all the way up there...and umm...what happens in case of a fire?!! Do we all then have to jump off?! Oh...and i lost my camera here! No no...i take that back..i forgot in the bathroom stall....and when i came back for it 2 mins later...the bathroom attendant said she never saw it! Really?!? Hmm...i highly doubt that since the bathroom door swings open..and the bathroom was empty when we left!?! Anyway..the music was good...patron shots were $12 each...and theres a $30 minimum for credit card charges!
Best place to go for drinks when your boss is footing the bill. Huge place, interesting and diverse layout, although the dark stairs leading to the restrooms can become a challenge after you've had a few. In any case, my favorite is the cool and inviting garden. Great for large groups and the food is quite good.
I was brought here by 2 of my girlfriends on a Saturday night after leaving a private party. The upstairs was closed for some reason, but there are a couple different rooms, many of which are full of drunk but NOT sloppy people, which can make the difference between a great, or gross, place to dance the night away. When you first walk in, it looks like a quiet, classy restaurant with a handful people hanging around a bar and lounge area. I like to always make a quick walk-through before I commit to a place, but when you're ready to stay a while, the coat check is in the back and down the stairs, cost $4, and is next to the bathrooms. Go past the stairs, and you'll see a gorgeous courtyard with huge trees decorated with lights. In the 2 back rooms was a second bar, a lounge area, and a decent crowd of dancing people who all looked like they were having a BLAST. The DJ is posted next to the bar and plays booty-popping music all night long. It's loud enough that you'll feel like you're in a club even when the main restaurant is maybe 20 feet away, but they are cleverly separated by thick walls and the courtyard so noise is not a problem from the front of the house. We got there around 1-3am pre-drunk so we started dancing with each other. Unfortunately, there were a couple of guys who did not respect boundaries even after we moved away or said we weren't interested. At one point later in the night, a guy came up behind my friend and put his arms around her which felt a little rape-y and made us decide to leave. However, both my friends frequently come here and tell me that the crowd is usually much nicer, especially when the upstairs is open because you can explore the different rooms until you find one with a vibe you like. This is not the first and won't be the last time girls going out by themselves meet unsavory men. But most of the people here just want to let loose, dance, and have a great time, and there's enough space to move around that you don't have to feel like you're in a mosh pit. I will definitely be back on another night, especially after hearing so much about the upstairs.
Best brunch place so far. The icebox oatmeal was delish and so was the salmon hash. Nice outdoor area and staff were helpful. I will come back here.
I stumbled across The Park while attending a conference at nearby Chelsea Piers.  I had to get away from the crowd so took a walk around the neighborhood looking for something to eat.  It was a nice day so the windows and doors were thrown open and the place looked so inviting.  I sat out on the terrace and it was one of the cutest patio spots I've seen.  Everyone from the hostess to the waiter to the water guy was so friendly. I can't comment too much on the food because I ordered a chicken caesar salad and cheesecake and they were both average.  But the bread was great and overall the place was just so charming  it outweighed any of the food negatives.
My favorite is the brunch: Smoked Salmon Benedict with Potato Pancakes, and Mixed Field Greens ($12). It's reasonably priced and pleasant to eat in the Garden area on a lazy Sunday.
Walked in.  We were told 20 minutes wait while half of the place was empty.  After we stepped outside for a second to think, we came back in and asked to seat at the bar.  They got us the table immediately, which was a surprise.  We sat at the table for 15 minutes.  No water,  no service AT ALL. When we called for a waiter, we were just ignored. We left and no staff seemed to care about table of 4 leaving prematurly. I will not set my foot back into that place again.
I finally got to visit this place. Yes, it's big. But no, it's not that big when it comes to the dance floor. The restaurant is on the first floor, with multiple rooms. There's a nice fireplace you can sit, especially during winter. The dance floor where the club (more like a lounge) is up a long stairs. But warning, it opens at midnight. If you get there too early, you have to wait in the restaurant area until 12am. I wish the club area open at 11pm instead. Then I would give it 4 stars. I didn't get any food here, so I can't really comment on the food. But definitely the seating areas are nice. As for the club, it's okay. The music was good. But the crowd is so-so. Some were dancing, some were more interested at staring at girls. I was here on 12/29. I'm pretty sure most of the guys who were there that night were on the hunt to find a girl to celebrate New Year with. You can tell some were on a mission. I don't blame them. It's pretty lonely being single on New Year's Eve. The positive side, the Asian guys were hot! and this place is very close to Highline. Date idea for you fellas: Take a girl here for dinner. After dinner, take a nice stroll at Highline. Then take a short stroll to get ice cream (if it's not midnight yet). Once midnight hits, ask her if she wants to go dancing for a bit (remind her dancing is a great exercise and this is probably her once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for her to see your smooth dance moves). Return to the The Park and head to the second floor. No cover charge. (Sweet!). When you guys become too tired, head downstairs, rest, talk for a bit. Then take her home. (don't think about getting laid that night. it's the first date. geesh!)
(this review is about The Park's nightclub/bar portion, not the restaurant) First off, this place is an architectural wonder and HUGE. Like, three-level, converted-warehouse huge. There's a main dining area, a main bar area, a downstairs bathroom area, a patio-esque garden, a Red Room (redrum?), and a very large upstairs. Despite the bevy of rooms available, it seemed constantly crowded, especially upstairs, which is where the DJ was spinning decent music with crappy transitions, though you could hear the music throughout the rest of The Park as well. That's probably because everyone, and I mean EVERYONE, was gunning for that upstairs. The crowd here is a very weird mix of several minority groups and middle-aged white men sporting black, thick-frame glasses and scarves and carrying around champagne. In fact, it's very much like the crowd you could find at Opus 22 up the street, but at least here the groups actually mix instead of stand off in impromptu West Side Story reenactments. Most people seemed to come in big groups with friends, so I doubt this is really the place to meet someone. Overall, as far as NYC club crowds go, though, you could do far, far worse than the people found at the Park. Normally, that's the type of review I'd write for a three-star place, but two things caused that last star to come off. First, the drinks here are ridiculously expensive; I understood that my top-shelf vodka-tonic was $12, but a tequila sunrise with regular tequila for $11? What? And $7 Coronas? WHAT?! Maybe that'd be ok if there wasn't a mountain of ice in my drink, but unfortunately there's wasn't much that was worth the money in either of my drinks. Second, my friend had called ahead of time asking if the upstairs would be open at 11; the host said it would be, but when we showed up, it was closed for a private party until midnight. What's more, we were kicked out of the Red Room, for a private party of only a handful of people, to stand in the main bar area with 500 million other people. Great. Bathroom Grade: 6.5/10. What is with this tendency for clubs to build their bathrooms at the bottoms of very steep stairs? Minus an additional point for that. Otherwise, the bathroom looks pretty classy on the outside, less so on the inside. The stalls are small and reminded me of the bathrooms in my first grade elementary school, though I could still fit. And I think there might be a bathroom attendant, but I wasn't sure if she was actually an employee or if she was just hanging out in the bathroom.
"Trendy" is how I see it. Food's pretty good. Bland dressing on the Caesar. Quantity adequate. Where this place excels is in the setting, environment, lighting, environment, etc. We were interested in checking out this place for a rehearsal dinner venue. Afterwards we were led into the room upstairs. Whole new atmosphere. We happened to be there on a Fri nite, so we got to see the place in action. Nice outdoor patio. What else can I say?
Me trying to describe this place to a friend over the phone: "It's a restaurant! Its a bar, it's a lounge, it's a club!" Really though, it is kind of all those things. It is incredibly spacious and there are several different rooms. The atrium is gorgeous. Its usually full when I've been here but not uncomfortably so. There's room to dance, not quiet enough to chat though unless you're in the atrium.  The crowd is varied, older & younger professionals I think mostly.The prices are reasonable as far as NY goes and I LOVE that there's no cover. Sure its a little far removed from public transit but it is such a great space that I think it's worth it.
This club is the best bang for the buck. I say this because it is free admission and its really nice inside. It is pretty fancy inside, very spacious. When you get tired from dancing there are plenty of places to sit downstairs and upstairs. Walking up to the second floor is really cool. The stair way and lights on the way up make it memorable. I love that the music isn't too loud- you can talk to people, but just loud enough to where you can/want to dance.
Once a year our small, little band of Smithsonian staff photographers make our way from DC up to NYC for the PDN PhotoPlus convention. After a reception hosted by Hasselblad at MILK studios in Chelsea one year we asked our hosts what the best local restaurant was within walking distance. They suggested The Park. We've been going every year since that suggestion and its one of the annual highlights of our visit. Good food, great atmosphere (from a photographer's perspective, what The Park has done with lighting in the evening is magical), good service, great friends all combine together to make great memories. Highly recommended!
Let me preface this by saying first off, I only know this place as a restaurant - have enjoyed a few early dinners here as well as brunch.  I have no idea what this place is like as a club or nightlife destination. We first encountered this place a few years ago while doing research on restaurants w/ private rooms while we were planning a family reunion/holiday party.  First off, the spaces are spectacular!  The Main Dining Room is coolly decorated & spacious.  The even-larger "Garden" gives the illusion of being outside w/ its trees & abundance of light (I think the ceiling/roof in there is translucent if I remember correctly).  The room we were most interested in for our family party was The Red Room, as it was the most private & "traditional" looking to us, a room still visually neat-o but not TOO sleek for a family thing (the website calls this room "very red, dark, warm & sexy"!).  There's also the cool Atrium (visible from the Garden Room, modern but cozy w/ a fireplace) & The Penthouse (nicely hip upstairs area for larger parties).  We would've had our party in that Red Room but, while meals here are reasonably-moderately priced, the group event prices were a bit steep for our budget (brunch prices were doable but we were going for a dinner). Even though we passed on this for our event, we still find the meals here absolutely delicious!  Most recently we've had the salmon, chicken, rigatoni & steak salad - all of it has been marvelous.  I know, all the people that panned the food here will scoff but I gotta be honest - I love the food!  Is the salmon THE best salmon I've had in my life?  Honestly, I've probably had better in a few places but I still find it really tasty & look forward to eating here whenever we want a nice treat for ourselves!  I remember the desserts here being great but I can't remember specifically which ones we've had (knowing us, probably the flourless chocolate cake, sorbet & cookies).  We've been eying those banana wontons for a while (so far, they've either been out or we've been too stuffed to get 'em). That being said, the service is... eh.  A bit vacant.  The 1st time we came here, it was our server's first day on the job, she was nice but everyone from other waiters to the host to the manager had to help her out.  The last time we went here, we eventually had to flag down a cocktail waitress to take our order after seeing many staff members walk on by our table ... the woman who was actually supposed to be our server (someone who walked by us a few times without acknowledging us) tried to become super-attentive after that, & even tried to compensate later by apologizing for the BUSBOYS' delay in picking up our plates when we were done eating (hmm, the busboys had been working pretty hard that night, don't try to distract us from your initial goof).  So yeah, the servers seem to all be well-meaning & cordial but not exactly super-sharp on their game. The Park apparently turns into a club on weekend nights, so I remember being told the 1st time we came here years ago & as reiterated in many of these reviews here.  After we toured the private rooms on our initial visit, we asked the bartender if he would come to The Park as a club patron if he wasn't working, he said, "no way."  So that's stuck w/ me!  But I don't know, I like the food so much, & given the vastly mixed reviews here, I would like to at least have firsthand knowledge of how The Park is club/bar-wise, so I could form my own opinion.  I love me some dancing but haven't done so in a while, so maybe one day I'll check out the scene here... (Would LOVE to hear from others re: what the music during The Park's club-time is like, that'll make or break a dance night fer me!). Overall, the food & the ambiance make this place a very worthwhile place for us; we're repeat diners!  Given the sometimes-ditzy service & the not-too-expensive-but-not-cheap-either prices, the food & the atmosphere still inspire me to give this a 5 rating.  Have had very satisfying dining experiences here!
Brought my mom here for her 60th birthday and she really loved it. It's such a beautiful restaurant. You could spend more time looking around then talking to your dinner companion. Mom went with the burger, since it's her bday and she can do whatever she wants. She was not disappointed. Would definitely come back! Even without mom!
I will def be a frequent customer at The Park. The food is wonderful and the place is huge with plenty of garden/courtyard seating. I visited for brunch and had the huevos rancheros  and we split the Ricotta Pancakes with Blood Orange Marmalade. DELICIOUS!! I can't wait to go back!!!
Whoever designed and decorated this bar deserves to win the Nobel Peace Prize.  Seriously.  This massive restaurant/bar/club/lounge (choose a genre!) is gorgeous and oh-so posh looking.   Of course, being in the heart of Meatpacking District means that you wait in line at LEAST 1 minutes to get inside but that's to be expected.  The drinks are a bit on the pricey side, but is that surprising either?  Nope.  I had a good time going to a friend's birthday party there, though I couldn't really get a good sense of the type of crowd there. Posh? Hipster? Dance party?  I have no clue. I'm pretty sure I would want to try this place again, this time armed with the knowledge that I would have to get there a tadddd bit earlier and beat the insanely long lines that hit around midnight. Lone lines + cold weather = oh hell no.
Excellent place!  Don't let the name fool you; this place is a one stop shop.  Excellent food, bar and service.  On the first floor, there's the bar, dining area, patio dining area, and a lounge.  On the second floor, there's a dance floor and bar.  The space is huge!  Great spot for dinner, drinks and if you want to head upstairs to tear up the dance floor... gangnum style. Haha.
This review is exclusively for a Saturday night visit after midnight. The crowd is definitely not locals.  Mostly everyone there crossed a bridge or a tunnel for a night out in the city.  Not a bad thing, as long as you know.  Music is a mix of top 40,  house, and mainstream hip hop.   Should you want more of a lounge-y night, stay downstairs.  Should you want bottle service and/or a club environment, go upstairs and get your groove on. I don't know if I will be back but it was ok.
This place is beyond fantastic. On my first visit went with one other person and we loved it. This past weekend I had a larger party there for a birthday brunch. The service is great, drinks are strong, and the food is stunning. Not to mention, the decor and ambiance are beautiful!
Taken here by a friend with no expectations, I've heard it mentioned once before but didn't put together until afterwards. No cover. Yes, very spacious. Downstairs, very zen. I did get eaten by mosquitos. Trees all over! Wood decor, quiet gloss, ambience the color of antique streetlights, like a park in a rich part of NY that I never knew about until now. I did not try their food. I am uncomfortable with their coat check. It's a classy looking place. No flip flops at the door =) but if you switch into them later, do keep an eye out for stray pieces of glass they might not have gotten to yet. Upstairs: music was pretty decent. Hip hop, top 40s, throw-down music. The crowd seemed to be in the broad spectrum of 20s, and maybe some early 30s. Crowded until you suddenly look up, and half the place is emptied out. Don't recall how expensive drinks were. There is an outside and inside on the 2nd level, the outside has couches too, I did not see a hot tub however. Severely disappointed. The floors were wet, sure, but too busy dancing the night away to care. I guess it was mostly asians? Can't recall, was too busy dancing the night away to care. Evenly dotted with horny aggressive tools, wallflowers with drinks and a two-step, and really respectful sweethearts who can dance well without trying to eat your face. Will return :), though it might not be the first place I think of.
This is my favorite night spot so far.  It's a massively huge bar/restaurant/lounge/dance club in one.   I particularly like the loungey aspects of it - I love the faux outdoor patio seating area, the 2 fireplaces.  It's also great because it's quiet enough that you can talk to people without yelling.  You can also sneak up to the dance floor upstairs and do some crazy dancing.   It's also usually a pretty friendly crowd.   I wouldn't eat in the restaurant though - nothing special about the food, it's way overpriced, and they charge you an arm for the water.  Plus they gave me the wrong dish when I ordered, tried charging me for 2 dishes, and it took a little bit of sorting out.  But you come here for the lounge, not the food, so quit your complaining.
I have been a New Yorker for 8 years, and this is my favorite spot in the city. The staff is super friendly, and the food is incredible. The atmosphere, just wow. Every time my family comes to town, I bring them here, and they just love it. Total oasis in Manhattan. Great at night as well as for breakfast/lunch. Special shout out to our favorite server, Lauren, who is the cherry on top of this perfect experience.
Cool place to hang for a drink with friends in garden or upstairs. But don't eat her unless your  idea of a good meal is a Mcdonalds value meal. The food is a zero. Frozen turkey patties and fries. yuk
Based on the two times that I came here, my review is a positive one. I've only had their rosemary fries, which I enjoyed, and their bruschetta, which was okay, their banana potstickers (yum!) and drinks. Two words: Hendrick's Mash. YYYYUUUUMMMMM!!!!! And service here was great both times, regardless of what we ordered. It's beautiful inside and the bathroom is clean. That's a solid four stars in MY book!
DO NOT EAT DINNER HERE!!! If I were reviewing this just for dinner, I'd give it one star.  But this is a so-so place to get drinks.  The glasshouse-ish area is chill on weekday nights. I went there for dinner finally.  It was the worst service I've had in New York.  Food was mediocre to sub-mediocre.  Let me break down my evening: - We were seated about a half hour after our reservation. - It was about 10 minutes until someone came and offered us water. - 15 minutes from when we sat down until our waiter came to our table. - They brought 4 pieces of bread out for 6 people. - We ordered 2 pitchers of Sangria.  Our waiter brought 5 glasses for 6 people. - We realized our waiter (and all the waiters) would walk around and intentionally not look at people, he would look straight ahead and up so you couldn't get their attention.  It was like they didn't want to be bothered. - They brought our salads out with our meals. - My pasta was overcooked.  It wasn't horrible, but definitely not $15. - Beet salad was perhaps worst beet salad.  Mint vinaigrette did not taste good with the salad at all. - Waited about 15 minutes after we were done eating for waiter to come back. - We gave him 6 credit cards. He looked at them, walked away and then came back and said they only take 2-3 cards.  WTF?  Why didn't he tell us when we gave the cards originally?  He saw 6 cards. We had 8:30pm reservations and didn't leave until after 11:30pm.
When you can go bar hopping but actually spend the entire time in one establishment you've found a good place. The Park is an eclectic spot which offers a different vibe in all of the beautiful rooms it has. Let's pretend we're spending a night at The Park which demonstrates everything it's got. 7:30, arrive at The Park front bar for some pre dinner drinks. Sit by the fireplace on a comfy couch with friends and chat it up. Sip on some great brews they have on tap such as Stella. 8:30, head to dinner in the main eating hall of The Park. Dine on some amazing food. May I suggest, their oysters for a starter. The rigatoni with braised spare ribs is quite exquisite. The real winner is the grilled daurade, if you like sea bass, you'll enjoy this dish. 10:00, full? I bet. Head to the outdoor garden area of The Park. And walk some of it off. It's not really outside and you can't really walk around but it does look like you're outside, which is pleasant and could help you digest. Grab a drink while you're at it. Though I must unfortunately say, if there is one knock on this place, they don't have good cocktails. Stick to your standard shots, beers and generic liquor/mixer combos. 10:45, head to the red lounge room of The Park to meet up with more friends. Sit down with some buddies in the nice plush booths or get up and dance. Be careful not to knock into me and my drink. You will have to buy me a new one. 12:30, time to hit up the club. Upstairs at The Park. The Park has a nice rooftop which turns into a club like atmosphere on the weekends. It's pretty spacious from what you'd expect heading heading up there but don't worry. It'll be packed with lots of other sweaty people, so it won't appear that large. While it is a rooftop it is covered so not as much air gets up there as you'd like So in the end The Park is a wonderful spot. They aren't super strict with who they let it, don't care about your male/female ratio, they have no cover, it's certainly no dive but it's not a pretentious place filled with douchebags either. It's upscale but not expensive and it's diverse attractions provide a great time for all.
My brother and I came here for brunch while we were visiting last winter. Absolutely lovely place!! I hear its like a night club or lounge or something at night...I don't know what goes down here at nights but i loved the atmosphere during the day. Love the brick walls, plants and little birds! The little birds hopping and chirping around everywhere were nice to look at first but got a bit annoying throughout the meal. Food was not memorable. I think my brother ordered the crunchy french toast with mascarpone? I did not like it at all. It was too sweet. Service was good. I would love to find more cafes like this in my area.
Bar, restaurant, patio, club, combined as one This is a pretty cool place, and a ton of Asians go here for some reason. When you enter, you go right to the bar, or to the restaurant. I never ate here, so I can't comment on the food. The bar area is okay, its where everyone meets up, the problem is there isn't many seats, so be ready to stand for a while. You can then walk to the patio area. It is completely sealed, as far as I can tell, so I'm kind of surprise you can smoke there, and there's plenty of seats there. From the patio, you can climb upstairs and go to the club area. The dance floor is quite big, with a mini and unheated patio for smoke breaks. So strange that I notice these things even though I don't smoke. For some reason, people that are on the dance floor, are pretty wasted. I can see why some would avoid this area. I was here on more than 1 occasion, there was 1 time that I was wasted, and yeah, it was fun, but I don't remember what happened. P.S. about the dress code - No, you don't need a girl on your arm to get in, at least that was the case for the last 3 times that I went there for the past month or so, but you do need a collar shirt. If you dress like a thug, you can always go to Red Rock West on the corner, but don't say I didn't warn ya, the "bartenders" can get a little wild over there.
I've been here several times and threw a birthday party here a year ago. Everyone had a blast. Several different rooms/areas on the main level. Spacious rooftop area with dance floor AND hot tub up top. Good music, good drinks. Always a good time.
I had great nightlife experience here. A "pseudo" upscale atmosphere with a casual laid back vibe. No cover charge, friendly/attentive staff, and plenty of space. We were easily able to find a table for 10 of us on a Friday night, and then as the night passed on, we moved upstairs to the dance floor. The music was a lot of fun, and the upstairs open space was really impressive . The only thing I was not a fan of at The Park was my White Sangria. My friend said the drink reminded her of "Dirty Dish Water." Skip the sangria and go for a cocktail.
It saddens me to have to write a bad review because this place is so unique and interesting to visit. That being said, if you are ok with absolutely horrendous customer service and don't mind waiting an unnecessary amount of time to receive your food, then still check it out. The food is lovely and the prices are average for New York City. One the other hand, I wouldn't order oysters as the presentation is outstanding but with the lack of care the servers give to their tables, you will end up with a table soaked in melted ice. When the server finally did pick up our oyster plates, they grabbed our napkins from our laps to wipe down the tables. The puddle below the table was left there. I guess it was too much trouble to use a kitchen rag or something else to wipe the table. With our experience, which happened to be during an option of a prefix menu, we opted to cancel the last portion of the prefix due to having waited so long for the staff to clear our dirty plates. It was late and we were tired. We kindly asked if our desert could be replaced on the check with the cocktails we had on the table as they were comparable in price on the menu. It was just our way of trying to leave quickly. After waiting 10 minutes, our server returned and told us the manager would send over 4 glasses of champagne. We were a bit confused but accepted and quickly asked for the check. Much to our surprise, we were still being charged for the prefix on our check. In this situation there was a misunderstanding between the server and the manager. We asked to speak directly to the manager and what followed was a disgusting attitude from the person who should technically be accommodating the patrons spending over $250. At one point, I was asked to relax and then the manager grabbed my arm in what I hope was a lapse of judgment on his part. At that point, we settled up and left before anything more could take place. I was absolutely appalled with the service at this establishment and I will not be returning. Again, this might have been an isolated experience but overall, slow service, terrible attitudes. Not worth your time.
This place is huge & I really liked the space -- my friend said it was a converted parking garage.   We really just drank -- ordered the calamari & a margharita pizza, both were standard, nothing to get excited about, bar food to munch on while drinking. I didn't bother going to the rooftop -- b/c it was cold & grey but overall in my opinion, it's a good place to go with a big group during the week. The inside bar was crowded with the standard suited guys & girls...you know the types.
Came here for some drinks with a friend around 8:30-9, the dance floors were obviously empty but the main bar had some action. The decor is great... Id like to try the food next time
Went here for my birthday and had a good time. Had great Gnocci and a fantastic pizza with fennel and sausage! Drinks are good too. The beauty in this place comes from the decor. The indoor park ambience! And the nightclub was gorgeous too!
Terrible food, slow service, drinks def overpriced.  Won't come back.
My friend works at a gallery in nearby and sometimes I stop in before an opening to grab a drink and kill some time.  It's nice enough but there's something about the atmosphere that is kind of cold and uninviting.  Also, it's pretty expensive which is fine for one drink but I wouldn't want to spend a whole evening here.   After one opening I went to a party on the top floor which I had previously not know existed.  It was a pretty cool space that was half inside and half outside and there was a hot tub in the outside part.  It was an open bar and it got pretty ridiculous pretty quickly.  My advice is, don't go in the hot tub, in hindsight it was probably pretty gross.  Anyway, The Park is an alright place I don't think I would go out of my way to visit but If I'm in the neighborhood and need to kill some time it's not a bad choice.
interesting place. Its a massive but inexpensive place to have fun on a weekend night. If only its visitors were as cool its decor.
Beautiful Venue, Great event space, weddings, and staff. If you want to book a unique special event, this is the right place.
upon meeting my friend here for a drink after brunch, the general remark was "omg they're open during the day" and "they serve food?" yep. this place is jekyl and hyde, very much a renaissance restaurant and something you can only find where venues have to be anything and everything in new york
OK--another update. But, as I said I have a different experience every time so I need to let you know! We had the after party to the NY Tech Meetup in the back private room they set aside. WOW. Huge bar. Decent amount of seating and a great space for us to chill out and chat. I'm sold and so are the others who frequent this spot every first Tuesday of the month.
Fantastic atmosphere, especially for an early summer lunch
(Nightlife review) I have been to the park 2 or 3 times. Every time I've been here I've enjoyed myself. The music ranges from top 40, to spanish, and techno music. There are two floors, so if you ever feel like its too crowded you can always move to a different area. Also the seating is first come first serve, meaning no need to reserve a table just need to get there fairly early to claim a spot. There is also no cover charge, which I appreciate considering it is located in the meat packing district. Drinks can be a little overpriced so I do recommend you pregrame before heading here to dance the night away. I would definitely return anytime and even consider hosting my bday here because it would be a great spot for a large crowd.
Had a really strange experience. I was out with a friend celebrating her 26th b day and the bouncers wouldn't let her in claiming her id was fake.  They didn't try scanning it or any other method to confirm it was fake and they were somehow very certain about it. They proceeded to bend the id out of shape performing their "thorogh eyeballing it" inspection and told us we would have to step out of line. Apparently this has happend multiple times looking at other yelp reviews. The bouncers claimed Florida ids are usually fake, I wonder which other state ids they lay that claim to when they decide to selectively reject other people...anyway we went on to other clubs, got in immediately and had a great night otherwise. Why deal with the foolishness, pass on the park
This is a review of the club. I went there Saturday night around 1:30 and there was no line. I thought the crowd was pretty diverse. There were more Asian people than you usually see but it was still pretty mixed. The best thing about Park is space. So much open space! Amazing! It's great to be able to go downstairs and sit at one of the many many tables or chill by the downstairs bar when you need a break from being jostled by sweaty bodies. The upstairs dancing part is actually not that big, but it wasn't too crowded for a club. They should upgrade their sound system though. Couldn't hear the music when we were standing in the outer section of the top floor. Music was average top 40/hip hop. Nothing amazing but fun to dance to.
my go to place for a night of dancing. drinks are a little on the high side but they have at least 3 different bars so it doesn't usually take long to order. they also have multiple rooms to dance in and a lot of seating downstairs in case you want to come for a meal. they used to have live dj's play on the weeknights, but it seems like they just play cds now...still i come here to dance and drink (not really for much else)
Came here on a Saturday night and had a really nice time. The space is expansive so there's plenty of different options, and it's fun to go exploring. I especially like the outdoors space with the tree lights. It definitely got pretty crowded after midnight with a good mix in the crowd. Maybe more guys than girls, but what can you expect for a place with no cover?
A haven of peace in the midst of Manhattan--the trees, the occasional bird flying by, and the original dishes make for a lovely brunch to kick the day, be it with a friend or love interest :) Ask for the banana bread if they forget, it is delicious and not too sweet...
No cover, fun dance floor, but it's such a massive, sprawling space that it's easy to find a quiet, cozy place to actually just chill out and have a conversation as well. Really nice decor with trees and dark, warm colors. I even saw a fireplace... how cute!!! What I didn't like: when ordering drinks upstairs, I was told that they don't 'serve' tap water... So I got charged $19 for a bottle of water and a well drink. Seriously??? Plus I was told it's a $30 minimum on credit cards... give me a break! When I went to drink at the bar downstairs, the bartender (naturally) offers all of us water glasses, plus even advised me just to argue with the $30 minimum policy. So I went back upstairs and I did! Otherwise, it was an OK place, although I did think that it was over the top to have restroom attendants... Another note: please wear LOTS of deodorant when planning a night out dancing. It would really help as consideration to those around you...!
The place is huge with atleast more than 3 bars and a rooftop bar.  After we entered , we hanged out  at the first bar we laid our eyes on which was beside the dinner tables indoors. The weird part was whenever I had to buy drinks for my friends that day, 'ALL' my friends had to come to the bar and show them the wrist bands. We were a party of 7 so I had to drag all my friends from wherever they were hanging to the bar and ask the bartender to see each one of our bands.Only then would he serve us our drinks.. After that we left to the outdoor one on the same floor , same was not the case there. Then there was the red room.. And also a bar upstairs . All in all, would go back there with my friends some time later.
Yikes! If I had read the reviews I would never have come here. I guess we were lucky, as our experience was pretty good. Service was a little ambivalent, but I was no rush since it was raining out. The ambiance is great. We sat in the garden area and had no probs with birds pooping on us or flies swarming us. I could see how that could be an issue though. It was raining so that may have helped. I had the steak salad which was good. The steak was prepped med- rare without me stating that as a preference which I thought was odd but ok by me. My husband had the steak sandwich which was good, but not remarkable. Chicken skewer app was good but small. We both had Chelsea cocktails which were good but pretty tiny for the $$. I also ordered a Tom Collins but they did not know what I was talking about, which made me feel like a granny.
This place was amazing. I took my brother and friends here for a birthday dinner. The atmosphere and presence of the park was amazing. I kept looking around and was very excited to be there. The food taste delicious and the sangria was awesome.
Yeah - definately a-ok! Drink: Hendrick's Mash - starts with the taste of citrus and finishes with  cucumber - very fresh and perfect for a summer night. Share: Steamed artichoke - best dish to share with a group of friends Eat: Steak Frites - simple. This place would have received and extra star from me had it not been for lame service... although that seems to pretty consistent with other reviews.
Seriously, one of the worst dining experiences I've had in a few years. We went for brunch with a reservation for 6 people to sit outside. Show up early for our reservation and end up waiting well beyond the reservation time. Finally get seated and "there is nothing available outside" according to the hostess... meanwhile we can clearly see plenty of outdoor tables from where we are seated. If only that was the worst of it. We order a round of drinks, order food.... food comes for 5 of us. The sixth dish comes over a 1/2 hour later. The first 5 dishes are mediocre at best and COLD. There is nothing like cold eggs benedict where the the hollaindaise sauce has already turned to oily crap with a side of cold potatoes. Even better, the english muffins under the eggs aren't even toasted. Just strange and disgusting. Anyway, our 6th friend finally gets her food after everyone at the table is done and plates have been cleared. Other than offering a vague apology that didn't make sense, the waiter does nothing to compensate. Nothing. Doesn't even comp that dish. I am just completely over places like this that bank on a played out history of being a decent restaurant and do nothing to try and run a decent restaurant. This place sucks. I'll NEVER be back.
I wish I could give negative stars. After dancing for a few hours some of my friends changed into flats so they could keep enjoying the night without their feet hurting. A bouncer came over and made them put their heels back on. When I looked around the room all the guys were in shorts and sneakers while the girls had to have heels on or get kicked out. Sexist and discriminatory! None of us will ever go back and I will make sure to tell everyone I know to stay away.
Such a disappointment. I REALLY like the whole concept of this place it's really BEAUTIFUL! However, what's up with the service? Our waiter acted like he didn't want to serve us and he was hardly ever around. Matter fact everyone looked miserable in that place even the hostess. We got more attention from another waiter who's section was by us. Why are you waiting for a busboy to bus the table? If you're walking by and you see empty plates PICK IT UP! I would come back only for appetizers though. I enjoyed my appetizers than I did my entree.
Chose this location on a whim and absolutely loved it. Had our 20th High School Reunion brunch there as they were the only place I could find that would seat a large group without some crazy deposit. It was close to the High Line and perfect for kids. The server was really accommodating, food was yummy and the ambiance was just right. Not rowdy, but certainly not boring. The price was great also. Only one set back was... birds flying over our heads. Granted, they were nowhere near us, but the thought of them possibly ruining our meal with an act of nature was a little concerning. Thankfully, no accidents occurred and we had a wonderful time.
Walked in at 2:30 on a Saturday.  The place was half empty.  But I was told that there was a 20 to 30 minute wait because all the empty tables were "reserved".  Who knew there was a 3pm brunch rush at The Park?  Anyway - instantly remembered why I never go there - false pretensions and an incompetently managed.  Do yourself a favor and eat at one of the other restaurants on 10th ave.
We had lunch here only; the absolute upside of this place is its huge size and really cool ambience. A lot of thought was put into the decor and the trees inside just look amazing. The service is great, there's always someone taking care of you. The food is "standard" and nothing from another world ( we had pizza and panini), but for a light lunch it was fine and the price is definitely right. Great place to go to before or after a Highline stroll.
I was surprised by how good this place was.  The drinks were fantastic!  Sarah had something called the bonfire, which was like a margarita with spice.  I had this amazing drink with basil syrup in it, which landed me in tipsy heaven.  Another friend had a great sangria and CareBear had a nice riesling.  For dinner we all had different things. I had the salmon, which was perfectly cooked and just nice flavoring.  Daniel had the margarita pizza.  CareBear had an amazingly yummy white pizza with pesto.    Sarah had a tasty sandwich with chips.  I can't remember what everyone else ordered but they all said it was yummy.  7 people, $315 with tax and tip and lots of drinks.  They also have a lovely outdoor area.  Overall a really great experience.
Came here on Saturday night for my boyfriend's coworker's bday. The music was great for dancing but the drinks were really weak and the service was slow. The ambiance is nice and the decor is beautiful. The guys at the door were fine. Definitely would give it another chance.
It's unfortunate that I have to give this restaurant such a bad rating as the dining experience was fine - tasty brunch, good ambiance & nice interior. Didn't have a problem with the restaurant until I received my credit card statement. Basically, the statement showed an overcharge tip of $25 for a $40 meal. I called the credit card company immediately & they informed me that it is the restaurant that actually inputs this information. Now I wonder how often this restaurant makes these "errors". Left a message with the restaurant & still waiting for a return call...very disappointing and also wonder if I was just one of the victims of their scams. I want to give them the benefit of the doubt that this was a genuine accident, however, their non-response convinces me otherwise.  I wanted to go back to try their dinner but since they couldn't even bother to call to apologize, it only proves to me they could care less and at this point, I won't be returning.  It's a shame that they practice such unethical behavior and don't even take the initiative to quickly remedy the problem. Warning: If you dine here and pay with a credit card, make sure you check your statement for discrepancies.
I'm a fan of The Park.  I came here twice - once for dinner with my boyfriend and once for dinner/night out with 7 other friends celebrating a birthday party.  This place is great for large groups.  It doesn't get overly loud and the acoustics are such that you can still hear everyone in the group.  The prices for our dinner were very reasonable and the portion sizes large.  If there is one thing I recommend ordering, it's the side of snap peas.  They are amazing! After we had dinner we went upstairs for the 'club'.  It's a cool scene with plenty of places to sit, well priced drinks, and a great DJ spinning dance music.  I liked the scene.  We stayed mainly upstairs, but the downstairs area also turns into a party.  I recommend it for large groups.
Beautiful place, good food and good prices. My recommendations: -Meatball pizza. -Coconut creme crepe with passion fruit and olive oil.
This place is incredibly pretty and exudes so much good vibes. Came around 9 PM on a Friday night without a reservation. We just had dinner somewhere else so we only wanted to check it out and grab some drinks. And for that reason, they denied us a table even though half of the tables were unoccupied. They relegated us to their bar in the corner, away from the beautiful garden room with christmas lights. Since we really wanted to get a table in the pretty part of the restaurant, we asked the hostess again for a table telling her we've now decided to get food. Within 10 minutes, we got our table.  Around 11 PM, the music started to get really loud and the bar area got packed extremely fast. The club upstairs is pretty big and and opens at midnight. We had to leave early but I would definitely come back to this place for the clubbing part.
the scenery is breath taking on a hot summer night ,the food is inexpensive and kind of healthy,the bar has a great mixologist and what more can i say its a great hang out spot to be with your friends. enjoy !
I'm not quite sure what has attributed to a 3 star rating. My experience here was far superior. First of all, just like in real estate, the thing that matters most is location, location, location. The Park is in an ideal spot at the center of Chelsea. The music selection was relaxed and comforting, great background to our conversations. The terrace area is filled with hanging gardens and cozy lighting. The service was attentive and speedy. As with any review, the climax is the food. Our table ordered several plates. First up, the pulled pork eggs Benedict. The eggs were perfectly cooked, the meat was savory, well seasoned, and mildly spicy. You will get two crispy breads sitting on the top, use them to poke the eggs and explode the yolk all over the meat, it's orgasmic. The sweet potatoes provide the plate with an eclectic taste and perfect balance of sweet and salty. Second, we had the breakfast pizza, which comes with eggs and bacon for toppings. If you don't like eggs and bacon, your life is probably miserable. A person who tasted it once described this as "amaze-balls." Lastly, the French toast. We like to always end our experience with something to satiate the sweet tooth. We ordered the crunchy French toast with marscapone. The outside was crisp and caramelized. The inside was mushy, cheesy, fluffy, sexy. Overall, our experience was excellent, five stars for The Park.
This review is only intended for the restaurant at the Park. We were a large group of 18 or so and accommodated with sufficient seating. The rest of the resto was pretty empty for a saturday night despite the view of an unnecessary long line outside to get into the club part, i guess. Most of us ordered the steak frites for $25 which seemed like the most sensible choice on the menu. Obviously this is not a steak joint and the cut was disappointing. Fries were the best part which says a lot. A decent octopus salad was shared as well. The service was attentive and the drinks were a coming...which probably made up most of the bill - not a surprise. I will not be coming back for the food.
Was only here for drinks and hanging out.  I have to say that as a hang-out place, this place is huge, with an upstairs area as well as multiple sections on the ground floor. Drinks were reasonably priced.  I didn't see any dancing downstairs, but upstairs does have a dance floor.
This is a very nice place to just chill, get drinks, and hang out with friends. I came here on a saturday night the atmosphere was pretty good and would have been even better is the DJ was stationed upstairs. Overall nice place and has lots of potential.
Food: My friend and I shared the caprese salad, which although somewhat small, was rather good- not special. He had some sort of risotto dish and I had the gnocchi. Both were delicious. Cooked right on point, not too big to be overbearing but not too small to be dissatisfying. Mine was seasoned really tastefully and wasn't too globby, as gnocchi can sometimes adopt that characteristic. We split the chocolate budino and olive oil ice cream, which was really a treat as well. All in all a wonderful meal- perhaps the appetizer was the worst part for its lack of quality. Drinks: I had the red sangria, which I highly recommend. Presentation was definitely terrible but the drink itself was delicious and pretty reasonably priced I might add. I can't speak for my friend who got the mojito-- all I can say is that it was much smaller than the mojito. Service: Our waitress was very sweet and patient. I have to say I was bummed they placed on the non garden side...though we did arrive without a reservation so that's to be expected. Great ambience generally- hip, friendly, young.
People are pretty unforgiving of the Park, but it's a staple of nightlife in NYC. If you're not interested in spending lots of money, I think this is a great place to go. There's never any cover and everyone gets in. If you're interested in having a relatively sized party without spending an entire paycheck, this isn't that bad of a place to go. It's never crazy or that interesting, and the people you meet there are never that exciting, but it works. Drinks are a bit expensive though. Easily over $10 per shot if that's your poison.
Love the decor and hanging out on the roof. However, the roof gets really crowded and people start lining up on the stair around something like 11 or midnight to get up there. While the rooftop gets nice and um.. cozy, the downstairs is left pretty empty.
I came to this bar in November and I was really impressed. The garden is a beautiful and pleasant environment. The music indoors was quite good. I'll definitely be going back.
Service was pretty poor. Good thing the food is yummy
Stopped here for a quick bite before a wine event in the area last night and came in with high hopes for some quality appetizers. We ordered a margherita pizza and crab cakes which described them as "good for sharing." Unfortunately we were disappointed with the size of the crab cakes as they were only 3 bite size pieces and didn't appear to have been made with fresh crab - they were merely mediocre. The pizza was okay but also only had one small piece of basil and lacked flavor. For the price of both ordered items I would recommend heading elsewhere for a bite to eat! On top of the food disappointment, service was nonexistent and other than ordering our food we never saw our waiter and had to flag down the manager to get our bill as our waiter was mia!!! The decor was great and if they improved their service and menu it could be a good place
Went here after a banquet for work. Funny enough, Bradley Whitford was the emcee at our banquet, and had no problems meeting up with us here...guess it was swanky enough for him to be seen in ;) Aesthetically, this place is beautiful. The garden with the heated lamps make for a cozy space to chill with a group (I don't recommend going here with a small group. This place is large and its easy to feel lost). I don't remember much about the DJ, but I'm guessing that the music was decent enough. Only problem with this place is that, like most places in Chelsea, subways and taxis are scarce...
No idea what was going on last night but this place REEKED of cat piss. Inside/outside -- it didn't matter. The stench was pretty overwhelming.
I love this place, I love the environment and the food.  Not sure why the ratings have gone down but have been going here for years and still love it.
Not gonna make this a long one. Very well made drinks. Back bar has great ambience. Come 11pm, the music starts blaring at a decibel level that is massively unsafe. THe "nightlife manager" is completely unsympathetic to the his customers who complain about it. Not cool. With all the choices in NYC, find yourself a place that understands their customer and treats them with respect.
My BBF and I had THE BEST TIME of our lives at The Park, so I dont care what other people say about the design, the food, the drinks, and etc. I LOVE NY!!!!
Awesome space and no cover when I went.  The upstairs has a great view of this Zen garden, as well as a hot tub.  Though I seriously question the sanity of anyone willing to get into a random hot tub at some club, I appreciate the effort on behalf of the establishment.  Drinks were moderately priced.
Don't know where to begin, so probably best to keep it short. Indifferent and bizarre service, mediocre (or worse) food and a leaky roof...all of which undermines an otherwise cool venue. The crudo (raw fish) was inappropriately warm and the other dishes aren't even worth mentioning. Lots of other great spots in this neighborhood, try any of them before this one.
The interior of this place is absolutely stunning with its dimmed ambiance accented with trees, bamboo, and flowers. With such a gorgeous restaurant, it's no surprise it was packed when I went around 7:30 p.m. The food was good (buffalo mozzarella, crispy calamari, grilled octopus cuttlefish, chilled pea soup), but it's nothing terribly impressing. And service is prompt despite how packed it was in there. I plan on coming back another time to check out the dance floor since apparently there's no cover, but I probably won't be back for the food.
The Park may be known for its over-crowded nightlife, but many forget that The Park is actually a great restaurant before the party gets started. I've been multiple times, and have not been disappointed yet. I enjoy the lentil salad very much, and their tuna tartar is amazing! I've also had their sandwiches and salads and they're excellent! It is truly a great place for lunch during the week or on the weekend! I have yet to have dinner at The Park, but I have been there for happy hour, and I will say that it gets extremely busy and the music gets louder as the night gets older. Truly recommend trying it. Only disadvantage is that it is on 10th Ave, but if you actually go you'll realize it is only a few blocks away from the meatpacking district.
Great location to meet/hangout with friends!
I love love love love it here!  I have been here only for meals though-- not for dancing or the club thing that so many people seem to be writing about in the below reviews. (Oddly I have been here solely with professors-- once with my philosophy prof and once with my Spanish prof.  Weird!)  Anyway, it's a good place for that, I think, because the place is so big that you can have a nice leisurely meal without getting rushed.   Ambiance makes it for me here.  There's a garden, a patio, a sexy red room (no I did not sit there either time -- neither of them is into women!), a cool bar area, and a great main room, complete with a fireplace.  The patio has awesome flora-- cool Asian trees and plants.  During the daytime, it's saturated with sunlight from the glass roof.  At night, twinkling white lights adorn the trees. Food is wonderful.  The pizzas are fantastic-- I've had the arugula pizza and then... the lamb sausage pizza, I think?  And wine is decently priced.   Coffee afterward is sumptuous, too.  Piping hot and a good brew.  All in all a good place.   Why don't I give it five stars?  When I was here last, the service could have been better.  And it took forever to get water.  But... well, it's not going to stop me from coming back.  It's truly one of the coolest places to eat, I think.
Amazing brunch! The atmosphere was great. We ate in "the garden," a heated room with sparrows and greenery. Good food and service.
The best part about this place is hands down the rooftop.  I was here this past weekend and the weather was great, so it was lovely upstairs.  As people have said, Park is HUGE.  It's pretty easy to get lost in here, and while it was really crowded when we were there on Saturday, it didn't seem it since there was so much space.  The upstairs was busier, although there was still space to sit. I would suggest coming here with a big group of people.  Almost everyone I saw seemed to be here in groups, it wasn't so much of a singles joint.  Since there's space, you won't have a problem grabbing a spot for your drinks and stuff and still being able to dance. So why only 3 stars?  This place had so much potential and could have been much better.  I had a lot of fun, but it was definitely because of the people I was with.  Well drinks were $11, which is ridiculous, and there was a $30 credit card minimum.  Also, the place got pretty disgusting by the end of the night.  And as mentioned in many previous reviews, the bouncers are assholes without any reason to be. If you do go to Park, keep in mind that there are multiple bars, and there's no need to wait in line at the one upstairs on the roof or the one when you first walk in.  The one (or two) farther in the back on the main floor are much less crowded and you'll get quicker service.
I wish I could give this place 0 stars. We came here for a nice Saturday night out, and the bouncer (a woman?!) wouldn't let me in cuz I was in flats. I regularly party in Vegas and the dress code is less strict. This lady was just a b*tch, so I gladly took my money elsewhere.
Ambience is 4 or 5 stars. Large place and usually easy to get table. The service and food were lackluster. Our appetizer came out 30 seconds before our dinner. None of the food was anything worth mentioning. Nothing was bad, but nothing was very good.
This is a place where a lot of things are going on whether you know or not. The first time I have been here was several years ago to a silent art charity auction which was private invitations only. A friend of friend had a beautiful and sad at the same time photograph from the hurricane Katrina disaster ( Photographer Aric Mayer aricmayerstudios.com - love his photographs), auctioned in the event and sold. This elegant event was hosted for people with $$$. I saw Steve Martin and he was very interested in an art piece of vintage ad. Not sure he got it though. By the way, the food was nothing special. Back in this year, my friend kept mentioning about this place. Without realizing it is the same place, I was surprised to find out this is a bar/club or even had upstairs! The Park is huge.. this is where you can picnic on your heels and in suits holding some wine and spirits w/o much fuss. The downstairs are gigantic and feels like you are in a park indeed. The bar area is attractive and the fire places add unique ambience.. just remember not to fall asleep being too cozy. One of bookshelves packed with entire(?) collection of National Geography magazines but not that you can read in the dark. The upstairs is where you can dance also again in the much darkness. I found this place nothing wrong perfect in a sense that maybe too much to offer but it is a perfect back-up for any nights that you feel like something went wrong so you need to feel better. The below is why. 1. You get in no prob. Just don't get confused to stay in line for 1Oak around the corner, then you will never get in. 2. The main area with Xmas trees and glass ceiling or any bar area downstairs feel like outside/ski resort not being cold/hot and give you some breather from your elbow tackling NYC bar scene. then, If you want that back, go upstairs to the dance floor. 3. You don't need to leave the place if you spot someone you don't like there. You have a plenty of space to run and hide. 4. No one asks you for table charge and no drink minimums with better than average drinks. P.S. No picnic basket and blanket required to get in. Nor need to cover your drinks in brown bags.
Have only been here twice: once after new years and the other night.  Not the best place I've ever been to but if you have people in your group that want to dance, I suppose it's do-able.  It does the female:male ratio deal so make sure you come with some ladies or at least ask to tag along with a group of girls right before you get to the bouncer.   The place is big with plenty of room to sit at tables and enjoy the night breeze downstairs which is more bearable to me than being upstairs where the DJ is.  If you do venture upstairs and you're female, prepare to be hit on by aggressive men.  And, be prepared for the Asian-themed decor.  I'm Asian and I felt it was toooo much.   Music isn't bad and it's a fun place if you've had enough alcohol in your system with a good group.  Oh, and drinks are very pricey here!
The place is really nice.  The drinks can be somewhat pricy.  If you go the 2nd floor in the women's restroom, you will find a sink...shaped like a penis!  Go take a picture in there before staff lock the door.  We went in and out so many times w/ a lot of girls in there, the lady wanted to put it to a stop..lame! haha
This review is only for lunch. The space is beautiful, especially their garden, although there was certain ant floating in my water glass and a tiny spider crawling on my napkin due to all the nature surroundings. The food was a little inconsistent. I've been here multiple times for work lunch, it's about half half in terms of good or bad. This past time I had cuttlefish salad, squid was tender and salad was well seasoned but not too saggy. I'd get it again if we have another lunch here.
like most people have mentioned... The Park is a "solid choice" and/or your default dance club. no cover for ladies ALWAYS and if you're with a party of girls... the boys are free as well. pretty awesome in that aspect. the crowd upstairs is generally mixed w/ Asians. the loft space is open for a beautiful view of the water. i like the semi-open atmosphere w/ the cabana chairs. the stereo system is horrible, though. the speakers rattle and sound muddled. the humidity of the summer can take a toll on you- so, just simply go back downstairs... if you're with a big group of friends... i highly suggest hanging out in the garden or in the sprawling restaurant/dining portion of the club. it's sleek and nicely designed. i generally like hanging out in the open space of the garden. it's better for conversation and the lighting is just good enough to see who you're talking to. lol. the fireplace and warm/cozy atmosphere is great. the drinks are mediocre and the crowd is lame. i think that's the main reason i don't like coming back here. during the summer... when all else fails, we always end up here. which is why i scoff and throw a hissy fit whenever Javier tries to convice us to go. =)
After stumbling and pushing our way OUT of hiro at like 1am, we decided to go back to the safety. the Park. It's great if you have friends that have mixed feelings about dancing. The downstairs is perfect for sipping cocktails and relaxing while the upstairs is for those who want to dance. The drinks are not very strong, but the prices (i suppose) for meatpacking is decent/average. I say, come prepared, grab a group of friends that love having a good time without the fancy schmancy crap and you'll have an awesome time here
Fine, the space gets 4 stars, because it is nice and huge and has the upstairs and the atrium.  but coming here for drinks at night, they basically are racist, which is not uncommon in NYC...but give me a break......this is funny too, because the majority of workers there were minorities.  get over yourselves.
This place has seriously gone downhill. The last couple of times that I've been here have been major downers. The music has been slow, and the dance floors were empty. People have resorted to standing around on the first floor since the music hasn't been upbeat enough to dance to. Park WAS the place to go (for Asians) when ... - you were in college - you decided to take a break from Hiro (back in the good ol' days) & Circle Everyone was having their birthday parties here. Now, we've all grown out of Park and are forming more sophisticated tastes (maybe?). Sorry, Park, but I think it's time to let go. Thanks for the memories.
No cover here ppl! But..... ....Bouncer: "Sorry girls, but you have too many boys in your group, you need to get more girls." ....umm OK, I never ever experienced that before, close, but not to this extent. In the end it didn't matter, we all got in with a little persuasion and we worked it :) Oh SNAP! This was my first time here and I'm already a fan! Yay, finally a place in the meatpacking I liked! I walked in...passed a crowded bar, and the massive space was revealed to me like a fairytale where a harp was playing as I stepped pass the restaurant area into the garden. Was I inside? yes, cause I didn't feel a drop of rain. NICE! Stopped by said hello to Ms. Bday and journeyed to the bar in the back for Jager Shots! YES, I can't believe I did it, GROSS!! Wait, there's another floor? Cool,...walked up these stairs and into a doorway which led me into another bar area with a large dance floor. Dude, what happened to the chill scene downstairs? I guess this restaurant/bar/lounge/club does have everything you need to make everyone in your party happy....for the hungry they had food, for the thirsty they had drinks, for the dancers a packed dance floor upstairs, the chillers have tables in the garden and inside. The BEST part was that each and everyone of these spots inside was conveniently near a fully stocked bar! Good call Park!   What a coincidence! It was here where I met a fellow Vancouverite who turned out to be the best dancer I've seen at a club so far and he was a HOMIE!! Go CANUCKS! @_^. Thx for the invite Ms. Perla. I would never had discovered this place if it wasn't for you!
We brunched at The Park after walking the High Line. What a perfect afternoon delight! There was a short wait for a table in the charming garden/sun room area so we sat by a fireplace surrounded by National Geographic magazines until we could be seated. Our server was darling. The atmosphere was perfect. The banana walnut bread brought to our table was nothing short of mom's finest. Our sandwiches, salads and most importantly...  CHICKEN AND WAFFLES hit the spot. The chicken was perfect-- boneless, seasoned well, breaded. Only the fattest of fatties can enjoy the unlikely mix of C and W. I savored every last bite.
No freakin complaints! Went here for Valentine's Day. SATISFIED! The decor was very nice and went exactly with the name of the restaurant. I ate in the garden. Meatball appetivzer in verde sauce yummmmmm. For dessert, banana wontons with powdered sugar and caramel or chocolate dip. oMG. Waiters, everyone was so nice and genuine too. Even workers that wasn't our waiter was askin if we were alright and refilling our water with out us asking. It was perfect. Loved it!! Will go back!
Let's get the bad stuff out of the way: Our server was just not there. She's seated us, and aside from clearing our mains and providing the wine, we never saw her. We had asked the manager for help but he was rather a prick as he totally didn't care about us nor was he sincere.  A waitress from another section helped us out & was friendly & a delight (we only tipped her!) Mushroom soup was passable. The salad w pear & goat cheese was very good. The skate with Swiss chard had some fried coating and was quite bland and I don't recommend. The wine was $40 a bottle. Setting was lovely & the one redeeming feature. Clientele tonight was B&T.   Don't recommend this place as the one dish & the setting did not make up for the other failings.
For the record, they are serious about guys not getting in without girls.  You have to have a girl with you if you want to stand a chance of getting into this place. One of my friends went to park the car and when it was his turn in line to get in, the bouncer told him exactly that -  but luckily, he could see us through the window and indicated that he was with us, which is when the bouncer let him in.  So, for you men out there  -  keep in mind that you'll need a female to get in, but the upside is that so will everyone else, so there is plenty of eye candy once you go inside. The line we stood in to get in was chock full of Asian people that I was wanting to leave, but upon entering, it was a really diverse crowd, although Asians did make up for approximately 1/3 of the customers there on this Friday evening. This is a great spot.  My friends in NY kept on claiming that this is a spot I'd love, and they were absolutely right.   The first floor consists of a full bar and indoor area lounge - - and adjacent to that is a semi-outdoor patio area that is bustling with people.  They had well-placed lights all over the ceiling, and rather large, real trees were growing out of the ground, contributing to the greenhouse effect.  Head upstairs from there, and you understand where all the music was coming from, as it's a nightclub upstairs with people packed like sardines.  For as packed as it was, I did notice that it wasn't TOO hot or humid up there, which was good.  The music was good, and people were obviously out to live it up, which is always fun to watch. The majority of my time I spent at the outdoor patio area which was warm even on this brisk evening.  Drinks were good, but the service was really rather curt.  Six of us enjoyed a few drinks down there before heading upstairs.   On this evening, this being NYC and freezing cold, I had on a wool coat and a scarf that I had taken off during the night while indoors.  Amidst the hustle of leaving this place, the scarf fell out of the coat, and I never noticed it was missing until we got back to the hotel.  It was a wool Burberry scarf, and though we were able to discern that it was dropped at the club (since it was not in the cab and not on my coat anymore), it didn't tale a genius to figure out that it would be long gone.  Of course, Rob is never one to settle for the obvious, and he called that club without fail starting that night at 2 AM, all the way to the next afternoon when they finally answered. Unbelievably enough, while I was out shopping with my girlfriend, we find out that they have the scarf in their office. HUH? WHAT? How?  I mean, seriously, how is that possible... a Burberry scarf worth over $300.... probably just tossed on the ground somewhere, and be it the staff or the customers, they picked it up and kept it in Lost and Found? Furthermore, a guy who keeps on calling and calling until one silly scarf is found, despite the hopelessness of it all? Just goes to show you that persistence can pay off, which is Rob's motto in life. And, it restores some of your faith in humanity - - - I've always hoped, and now am inclined to believe, that there ARE righteous, honest people in the world.  One or two of them happen to work at THE PARK.  Thank you to the staff there, it really did my heart (and neck) good to get that scarf back.
The night started off on the wrong foot. My friends were late arriving so I had to stand in line only to get back out of line because they weren't there yet. Then, one of our friends forgot her ID, so she was not even able to get in. However, the wait was worth it. We did not sit in the restaurant area. We sat in the "outside" lounge/bar area at a table for three. Basically, this is outside, but they have heat lamps and it is enclosed. I loved the feeling of being outside, sipping wine just like we did in the summer.... in October. The wine selection is decent (we are not connoisseurs), and we all got the house Chardonay. I really love this type of wine - so I had no complaints at all. We had three glasses and then headed out for our next location. It was slightly crowded (as ALL places are on a Saturday night) but we were able to people watch and talk to some other groups. It was overall a pleasant experience. Bottom line: I would come here again, especially in the winter, when sitting outside will be something I truly miss! I think this is a great place for large groups if you are smart and make reservations ahead of time. Will definitely be back for wine and cute guy spotting.
I've had a bad experience here back in my college days that prevented me from coming back to this place. I decided to come back many years later, after getting over my ridiculous experience. Only reason we came here was because the near the high line closes early. When we got in, I wasn't impressed and I don't feel bad about not getting in all those years ago. And like before, they make you wait in line even though there's no one inside. The place is setup so that it looks like you're in a park with fake shrubbery laid out on the walls. There is plenty of unoccupied seating on a Friday night. Although I did like the fact that the upstairs had an open area.
I've been here way too many times to count now. When the crowd is large enough for the night, they'll open the upstairs dance area. Theres nothing better than an upstairs bar and dance floor with large open glass windows. There is no cover here. The drinks are not bad but can be pricey. I haven't had a problem with the food here ever. All in all, a good party celebration spot. It can be difficult to maneuver all the way from the upstairs to the coat check in the basement.
Brunch was good until the poop started to fly.   Poop #1 - a little bird pooped on the menu while I was reading it.  That should have been a sign but we brushed it off (with a napkin) and decided it couldn't possibly happen again.   Until.... Poop #2 - Splat!  Right on my sister-in-law's nose.  After scrubbing her face with hand sanitizer and recovering to the point where we'd all started laughing about it someone exclaimed that now it COULDN'T happen again (we're stupid).   So we ordered.  We ate (with furtive eyes cast upward for any suspicious flurry of wings).   And just when I thought everything was going to be okay... Poop #3 - on my left arm! Rapid fire poop #4 - on my right leg! At this point we'd finished eating and were just waiting for the check.  I took this opportunity to remove myself from the proximity of the birds and went to sit by the fire.  That part was lovely--there's nothing like the scent of fresh wood smoke layered over the ghosts of fires past.  It almost made up for the bird poo bombs.   The moral of the story: Don't sit in the garden.  It sure is pretty but it turns out bird shit just isn't that appetizing.
Is this not the place to be for an AZN? It's massive and its meat markety, the music aint that great and the drinks are somewhat watery.   But, if you go with a big crowd, or with a wingwoman or wingman, you'll survive.... Oh, and don't bother going on a night when there's a line.  I don't think its worth a wait!
This taxi garage-turned-restaurant/bar is expansive and provides any kind of environment you want - lounge, supperclub, garden courtyard, and supposedly a roofdeck with a hottub.  Some friends and I went one evening after gallery-hopping; it was early and we were just about the only people there, so I can't vouch for the 'scene' but the space immediately made us want to throw a party there.  The food & drinks were good, not great, but I'll definately be back in that garden once the weather warms up...
Delicious food. HORRIBLE service. Went for brunch on Sunday, and after a nice 25-ish minute wait, we sat down at a table for 4 in their outside area (very nice atmosphere). It took us asking twice for bread for our waiter to actually bring it. We had to hail someone down to refill our water pitcher. Finally, our food comes. Everyone's dish except mine. The food runner showed me the ticket, and my order was nowhere to be seen. The waiter offered no explanation and disappeared. 45 minutes later, my food arrived, and we never saw our waiter again. Tables around us looked antsy as well, so finally the manager came over and didn't seem to know where our waiter had gone either. We finally got our check, and the manager had taken my meal off and discounted the rest of the table 50%. There are way too many brunch places in the city with the same quality, if not much better, food and MUCH better customer service for me to ever return to The Park.
Guess who was the FIRST TO REVIEW The Park? Almost exactly five years after I sullied my own name on the Internet by proclaiming unadulterated enthusiasm for a club that, to its credit, appeals disproportionately to club haters, Asian people, and men without the requisite lady-count to ensure entrance, I find myself back at The Park. And I'm not tremendously disappointed in my younger self, either!
Went for dinner months ago and to tell you the truth I completely forgot about it (it was that memorable), until my boyfriend and I looked at getting an early bit to eat while strolling through Chelsea (did not eat there that night) ... Why did I all of a sudden remember it? THE GARDEN. Its a great space and a great idea. I really wanted to love this place solely on its decor (its the only thing worthy of 5 stars in this place) Service leaves much to be desired (1 star). We had reservations, got there and were told we would have to wait, ok. I had been looking at apartments all day and really had to use the little girls room ... come back to some seriously pissed off faces. Since I left to go to the bathroom, they gave the table away because "the entire party was not there" ... wait another 15 minutes to be seated. Table service was seriously spotty, very slow, and hardly attentive. Food was forgettable. Nothing stood out as wow (2 stars). Ordered small plates, calamari, mussels, margherita pizza, and something else I can't remember. Mussels were probably the best item, but you can get better mussels elsewhere. Drink (1 star). At the waiter's suggestion we order the sangria. Told we would not be sorry ... I was disappointed.
It only took a year...but I forgot to review this. So it'll be short because I don't remember too much. I came here for my birthday in 2012. I expected more. Dinner was ok, I was not too happy with the service. The waitress dint know anything about the menu and the service was slow. Then when we went upstairs to party it was so not my scene. Like bar music. So I just kept drinking. Should have picked another place but I didn't care too much at the time. I guess if it wasn't for my birthday I would have thought the place was a bit better. I just expected more...
Went here for a friends birthday and this place still does not impress me. I've been here many times before but I decided to come here again to see if it was any different. Nope, still the same. We got there at 11:30 on a saturday night and waited on line for about 20  minutes. When we finally got to the front the guy at the door was rude. Finally got inside and it was super crowded. The music was decent but noone was dancing. Drinks were average as well. Don't think I will come here again.
Park is a great date place and a great meet a date of yours dreams place... The place is absolutely gorgeous, and don't underestimate the size of this place... similar to that of the energizer bunny.. u walk in and it keeps going and going and going.... Dress to impress everyone, stilettos don't have to come out but make sure you have some type of rockin outfit that will have all the attention on you, than again the competitor, the food, is soooo awesome so good luck... Make reservations for this place, the hostesses get nervous when you walk in and say no reservations, it has happened twice, I mean really? Did you call people over to help you figure this out? Is the job that tough that you don't know whether you have a table or don't? I have dined in every room my favorite being the room with the trees obviously... Am i outside or not? Love that feeling... Once the hostess sat my party in the back room (red room I guess because it has VERY dark red lighting) now this would have been okay BUT there was an entire private party going about 40 African Americans from a church group, giving speeches, recording the party... my white friends who are drunkin and slutty and loud umm didn't quite blend in nicely, also there was 5 of us and we were seated at a booth that held at max 4 - so one person was very uncomfy... ME.. i am the sucker... but moving on from the dumb hosts everytime... The important stuff, the tough part was deciding... when ordering the water remember they are going to give you a glass small enough to quench the thirst of a two year old... oh so you want to force me to buy a drink... sorry pal... i need to save on calories somehow so bring me a jug of tap water, which they did yaaay =) Three Cheese Gnocchi - You are an Antonella's lover dream.. I mean cheese lover's dream, you are worth the 4 lbs you made me gain tonight... I wish I could propose... hmm maybe I will... 14 bucks or so Paella Valenciana - You aren't known for your paella but why not?!? 20 bucks, and the perfect amount of seafood, meat, rice, etc Calamari - your my comfort appetizer, your delicious, I can eat the entire plate... easily... Cheese Platter - Again I am big on cheese, 16 bucks though, I am not sure if it's worth it, order an extra entree instead and split that... but the cheese is yummmy Filet Mignon with mashed - 28 bucks... and pretty good, I feel like there are other options on the menu you should explore, I knnow when you are on a date you want to appear powerful hence order this but you will find cheaper and better food, not that I didn't like the taste though Park Burgers - Okay, not great... they had trouble cooking the meat exactly how we wanted it... which is odd because the steak was cooked with perfection everytime... Park also is big on dancing in the summer and the weekends in the beautiful upstairs level... gets packed though...  So what did we learn today? Make a reservation and go eat here and spit in the hosts face if they give you any kind of attitude... =)
The Park is a restaurant, bar, and nightclub on multiple levels. This review is just for the glass roofed solarium and only for the drinks space and not for the service or the food. Upstairs they have a night club with an outdoor space that looks nice (you can see it from the High Line) apparently with a hot tub (although luckily I wasn't let in to the night club area since it was gay night). The restaurant and bar downstairs is a large space with lots of seating and nice views of indoor trees, vines, and flowers. Some areas have waiter service and other areas you simply go to after buying your drinks at the bar. It was nice and I felt as if I was in a park.
This place insn't bad if it's a good weather. They open the rooftop for the dance floor. Music is not bad. I felt this place was better back then than now. The last time I was there, it must of been preppy asian night or something because it was just mad horny a-z-n kids with their back- sweating polo collar shirts bumping and grinding on everyyy singlee girll!!!! gross, VOM* so I peace'd out asap and went to ONE in meatpacking.
This is a good go-to spot on a Fri/Sat night if you want to party but don't want to wait in line or pay cover. The Park is two stories and pretty big, it has a lot of rooms. Pro - nice decor, it's spacious so you can hide from creepers or someone you don't want to see, there's a dancing section and a sit/chat section, bathrooms are clean and rarely ever a wait, different sections for different music, and you can order food. Con - can be stingy on their AC, sometimes too crowded, drinks are too small One of these days I'm going to rally up my friends and play hide and seek on a Saturday night. Let me know if you want to join!
Awful, awful service. Food was mediocre at best. Half of our orders came out wrong. Coffee was cold and took 20 minutes to come out. Worst experience in NYC.
Here's my experience with "The Park": I showed up early for my 9:30 reservation.  I asked to sit in the Garden because of how loud it was inside.  I waited at the ridiculously overcrowded bar, then waited again until about 10pm for my actual seating.  They sat me inside ANYWAY until I insisted to move outside because you really can't hold a conversation in there. The waitress took a long time to even get our drink order.  The wine portion was tiny.  Some time later after I put in the food order I got the Sea Bass entree.  It was kinda dry and bland. I was planning on staying after at the inside lounge, but the crowd in there looked dull, so a quick exit was necessary. The only reason this place gets even 2 stars is because the decor is great.  What a waste a good venue!
I went to the Park on a Friday night with a bunch of girls for a school trip. We were blown away at how gorgeous the place looked! However, the food just didn't cut it. At a table of 6, no one was satisfied with their food & drinks. What's the deal with that? We didn't have a bad time though. The atmosphere is really bustling, but the poor food absolutely ruined the 'dining' experience.
I used to be an extremely fond of this establishment, coming here maybe twice a month since 2009. I eventually stopped dining here because I moved but when the moment sprang to take a trip into Manhattan I instantly thought to bring friends. What happened, was not only embarrassing for myself since I chose to come here but completely and utterly disappointing, a waste of time, energy, and money. I made a reservation for 2:00 PM. We arrived at about 2:05 and was told by the hostess they were setting up our table and to take a seat. Fast forward to twenty minutes later I go back up to the hostess and inquire as to what is going on and why the wait. Her response is, "did you put your name on the list". Is this a joke? I spoke to the same hostess when I walked in. I politely answered I checked in with her and she quickly sat us (clearly they forgot about our party). This was the beginning to my bad mood. We sit down at the table, and there are FLIES buzzing around, this isn't the end of the world but still, kind of gross. Fast forward to 2:50 pm. No one has come by to take any kind of order nor have we been poured water. I flag down the same hostess from before since we were sitting by the front and let her know the waiter never came. She responded with oh [insert name] is your waiter, she'll be right over she's just busy. No apology, nothing. Then when she does come, my friend who is extremely annoyed points out the fact that we don't even have water and that we've been sitting here for 20 minutes. She responds, oh, well I didn't take your drink order yet so thats why. What kind of nonesense is this? This was when I asked her to please bring the manager. After ordering, it takes another 15 minutes for our drinks to come. More time passes.... food still is not here. I flag down that same hostess tell her that we asked to speak to the manager who never came, she responds she will go get him. When the food does arrive the plates are place on our table very abruptly causing my sandwich to fall off the plate. No apologies. At least we got our food right and would be happy? WRONG. The food was absolutely disgusting. I ate a bite of my blt and put it down, doused in Mayo, the bread was stale, just disgusting. At that point we all wanted to get out of there, to be honest we all wanted to get out of there much sooner but thought if we waited it out something good would come. I was so angry that I wanted nothing more but to speak to a manager and give him/her a piece of my mind, but WHERE WAS THE MANAGER?! I flagged down the hostess again and told her very sternly that I was still waiting for the manager and she assured the manager would come. No one came. We asked for our checks, paid, and left. DO NOT COME HERE. MANAGEMENT YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED.
I think it should be pointed out that they forced me to tie my shoes before coming in, and yet, there was no one inside. Was that necessary? I mean, come on, I'm really, really, ridiculously good looking.   I'm going to call this place "The DooDoo" rather than "The Park"
When a friend of an acquaintance knew I was coming from LA, he recommended this place. He bragged that this place would be better than any club in LA. Wrong. The dance floor was gross, as broken pieces of glasses were littered everywhere. To get around the place you had to step on glass, so you better have some tough footwear or you'll end up with bloody feet. Imagine if you fell on the floor while dancing... yeah, it would not be a pretty sight. I have to say I liked the decor and how spacy the place is, but that's about it. The music was decent although way too loud. DJ was not bad actually...
It has a beautiful interior and outdoor eating area. Alas this is not worth the mediocre food and the lousy service. I won't be back.
Wow.  Where to start?  First, it's a great location--right near the High Line--and space, especially the garden area.  But the service is really poor. The staff seemed either really stressed (it wasn't crowded) or slightly unresponsive.  Both orders came out wrong--runny eggs, extra sauce when "on the side" was requested.  When we asked one staff member for the toast that supposed to come, she snapped at another. Can't really comment on whether the food was any good; we sent it back and paid for the coffee. It kinda felt like a chain.
Oh man ... It's an Asian Invasian!!!! I've never seen so many of my own kind in a social scene like this. Came here with my Turkish &  Asian girlfriends. You know how people have a difficult time telling Asians apart, well try telling us apart in the dark. I lost my girlfriend and kept mistaking all these other girls for her. In this club the girls horde by the bar (I think it's a sign to tell guys to buy them drinks.) The guys of course stand between the entrance way of the bar and outdoor patio on ground floor. Why? Well them being the smart ones in this non-air condition sauna like club determine that holding their grounds to the only spot that has a fan blowing down on them is more important than picking up girls.   Eventually at some point the upstairs night club opens up for you to go and get your groove on. With some twinkle lights here and there, mini couches here, people try to dance in the 95 degrees atmosphere, you ponder to think why you came here. Here's why you come here: 1) You are a group of 4 guys or more with no girls in the mix 2) You're Asian 3) In general if you have a tough time in getting into any clubs (ahem Manny) then you will have no issues here. 4) You enjoy sweating and being uncomfortably hot
This review is strictly for my lunch/brunch experience at The Park. I usually never eat in the meat packing district or anywhere remotely close to it. For the simple fact that I feel it can be a bit overrated. A buddy of mine wanted to check this place out on an early Saturday afternoon before we spent the day on photography in Chinatown. The space is elegant, flashy and really sexzay! Most definitely makes for an awesome club. The outdoor space is beautiful and there was an abundance of families with their children there.. which made for an interesting plethora of baby laughter and ..of course.. baby screams lol I ordered the eggs benedict and my friend ordered the french toast, as well as a few beers for good measure. My eggs benedict were a bit cold, the home fries were dry and pretty bland. Worst of all, the hollandaise sauce had no flavor, it didn't add anything to the dish. It was nicely portioned and really nice to look at. But overall, the dish fell flat on its face. Nothing to write home about and nothing to be excited about. My friend was pissed because the waiter forgot a part of his dish and gave him a slight attitude when bringing it over to him. I will have to try this place again when its a club/lounge and when no food is being served, maybe then my review will change.
food was actually not bad. went for lunch and had thier seraed tuna salad. not bad not bad. tuna peices were pretty big. nice foccacia bread too. nice atmosphere for lunch not to crowded... always great on friday and saturday nights for a fun night out tho.
came on the fly with friends who had reservations for brunch.  the menu is great and immediately settled on the pulled pork, poached egg and sweet potato hash.  it came to the table beautifully, but just fell flat.  the eggs were cooked improperly and the potato hash was not hash at all. instead was a hard, cubed potato. had it not be for the delicious banana bread, i would've left hungry. that being said, my friends and i were able to enjoy a leisurely brunch as the servers let us stay to bs and order latte upon latte. it was more about the company that afternoon than the food.
Ah yes. Memories of the summer are kicking in... drunken dead ends that for some reason I will never be able to determine, ended with me dancing at The Park. Let's look at The Park's brightside: it has places. You can opt to be at different ambiances while at The Park; there's the crammed and rowdy upstairs to dance, or the claustrophobic near-the-bar "pick me up" area... there's the outside garden-like area for the cancer aficionados and the chatter bunch, and there's also the red velvet pretender cushioned inside "enclave" for the hush-hush crowd and the oblivious to PDA couples....  Finally, amidst and in the center of this confusing universe lies the restaurant-like seating area, which, when seated there, will make you totally forget that you are, in fact, in a club. So I hear the rain outside and see my weather ticker at 63 degrees and wonder, how long will it be until I stroll The Park anew...
This space is pretty nice but the crowd and overall atmosphere here always leaves me disappointed.  I would say the crowd/atmpshere/music/drinks/bottles is a 2 and the space itself especially the garden area is a 3.5 so I will be nicer and round up.   I've been to countless birthday parties here and have had an ok time or a bad time but never a stellar time.  I've never had the food here but really have no desire to try the food.
Oh, The Park...A while back, I abstained from yelping about your runny eggs and subpar service because I liked your garden but after last night I can safely say that likelihood of my ever eating here again is right up there with drinking a jar of warm Hellmans mayonaise on a hot summer day. Let's forget the overpriced insipid food and douchey weekend crowd for a second and talk about what many of these reviews seem to agree on: ridiculously bad service. In fact- the worst service I've ever experienced in this fair city- and I am not, repeat, am not, excluding kinkos employees. Not only did we wait 30 minutes for the waitress to arrive (on a weeknight, there was only two other tables there), when we complained about slow service the manager said it was due to "cultural differences" (we were speaking Spanish) since "in this country it is considered rude to wave at waiters to ask them to come." Right. Note to (brown, uneducated) self: next time I wait 40 minutes for my food and have to fetch napkins, glasses and other utensils for myself, the right thing to do is to summon the server telepathically. It gets better... Sometime between a bland bowl of lukewarm pasta and a coffee that never came I felt something at my feet and sadly it wasn't footsie, but a mouse. At this point- the staff's reply kind of summarized the amazing culture of customer service at The Park: "What do you expect? We have a garden."
Small portions Mediocre burger Very overpriced drinks Claims to be good for large groups, but they will only accept up to five cards, and won't split checks per person. This was a huge pain for our group of 30 because some people drank, some didn't, some got steaks, some just got salad. Definitely would not come back with a large group. Probably wouldn't come back at all.
A: "So is there anything going on tonight?" B: "Hmph, none that I know of..." A: "Wanna go to Park?" B: "Hollah." Being one of the few places where I frequent regularly, Park has proved from time to time that it is a fun venue to just kick back and relax. The venue is enormous with outdoor seating for low-key lounging and an upstair terrace for those willing to get down and dirty. Best of all, there is no cover. Catch this place on a bumping night and you just might see something scandalous happening in the hot tub on the terrace. The only reason Park did not receive five stars is because of the crowded bar. Despite the fact that there are three separate bars, it is still at times frustrating to get a drink.
I went there for brunch with 2 friends. The place is nice. The place was not crowded and we had to wait 30 minutes to get a table. Many tables empty for reservations, who remained empty the entire time of our brunch. Service was good, a little bit slow. Definitely not the best brunch in the city, very small portions Will not go back but that's fine.
This isn't a club, it's a restaurant (well, they say they serve food); it was the worst restaurant I have EVER been to. The food is disgusting (my friend's tortilla actually came out burnt and black- no joke), and the "poached eggs" were rubbery and you could throw it and it would've bounced. The service was worse than the food (however the hell they pulled that off). I am rare to complain, but had to get this out there!
The Park is where my friends and I go when we're wearing 6 inch heels (or casual clothes), need lots of seating, want to enjoy the nice weather, and don't want to pay a cover. Don't get me wrong, the Park is gorgeous and I absolutely love the decor + outdoor patio overlooking the Highline. But one, the sound system upstairs is terrible. I don't usually notice these things, but their speakers sound like iphone speakers - you can even hear the static! Plus, there's no visible DJ. Just a fish tank, it's so odd. And two, the number of aggressive, sketchy (mostly Asian) guys here is off the charts. If you like the attention / feeling like a piece of meat, girls, this is your place! There are those guys who'll sit and stare at you dancing the whole night, grind up behind you nonstop, or refuse to let you leave, asking "Is there anything I can do to make you stay?" Uhhhh, no thanks. Just come with a good group of friends (who are willing to fight off any predators), enjoy the top 40s music, and dance the night away.
Sadly I have become a somewhat jaded New Yorker. I hear let's hang out in the meatpacking district and I immediately think : long lines, high covers , and arbitrary door policies; all  for the privilege to hang out with people I would normally avoid. So imagine my surprise to actually enjoy The Park on my two visits there. I didn't notice any popped collars or trashy looking women, the crowd here is pretty young, attractive and cool(...... how did I get in??). No cover? On a Saturday? In meatpacking area? I'm pleasantly surprised. The door policy will probably piss off some guys but seems fair. Basically your party has to have at least one girl  for each guy. Solo guys or groups of guys alone probably won't be let in. It sucks for a boys night out, but it does keep it from being a sausage party. The doormen were quite hospitable, not really friendly, but not the near psychotic, steroid enraged bouncers of many area clubs. Once inside there are multiple bars, a outdoor seating area/ lounge and upstairs dance floor. I ventured upstairs and found  it  dark and pretty crowded but I was fond of the  outdoor balconies. Not bad in small doses, but not where I'd spend my night.  The downstairs bar and lounge area was less claustrophobic and had faster service at the bar. For a club in meatpacking district drink prices seemed reasonable: $7 for  a Hoegaarden  and $9 for a strong rum & coke. My only real dislike was the only restrooms  I could find were in the basement. They were clean, it just seemed a club this size would have more restrooms. The Park = only place I'd venture to i meatpacking district.
I have been to The Park 3 times within the last month. It's just that good. Not to mention that it's in close proximity to the HighLine and the Riverfront.... All that aside, the food here is great. I've never been disappointed with the food when I've been here. Although the service here does leave a little something to be desired sometimes. Especially if the garden is open. Waiters tend to forget about you. I had to wait almost 20mins for a bottle of Heineken. When I informed the manager, of course it was brought out promptly. I do appreciate the atmosphere of The Park though. Especially with the warmer months upon us, the outside garden is going to be a hot ticket. I've only been on the main level but I've heard there are other parts of the building as well. Also yay for the bathroom having full length mirrors in it.
I met my wife for lunch and a walk on the Highline.  We walked into The Park for lunch.  The diet coke was flat and served in a a tall but small glass.  The turkey burger was gummy and my beef burger was as good as you get in a diner.  The shoesstring fries were dry and not as good a McDonald's.  There is no need to ever go back!
The atmosphere is amazing and this was a great experience!  I'm a vegetarian and the pasta dish with the peas pesto I had was ok. Don't listen to the reviews. Just get the experience for yourself and decide for yourself :)
Remember the Eddie Murphy James Brown celebrity Hot Tub Party? Picture that with stiff drinks and comfort food then you have The Park. Pros -Hot Tub -Stiff Drinks -Moderately Priced Meals (much cheaper than restaurants in the area) -Arugala and Prosciutto pizza Cons -I cant really think of any
The ambiance of the place looks very cool so we decided to come back to the area just to try out the place. The place was half crowded and it still took them 40 minutes to seat us. Upon seating the waiter was prompt to give us water and menu. After that it just go down the hill again. Drinks:  25 minutes before we get our soda after ordering Food : 3 of us ordered each kind of the burgers they offer. Those that came with english muffin had half of their toasts burnt ! Who would serve a really burnt toast to their customers? It would be impossible to miss it as half of the toast is BLACK in color! The burgers are real salty and the fries was bland. On the other hand, the one dish they seem to make perfect is the mash potato. When I go back to NY, there is no way I would try out this place again.
Came to The Park with a guy friend and had a great time, as all the other reviewer's mentioned the place is huge! Even though I knew it would be big I didn't expect it to be as big as it was and it even had seating, and not VIP must buy a bottle seating but places where everyone could sit. The music was fun lots of Top 40s pop hits and places to dance if you want to get your groove on. The crowd was a diverse group of mostly young professionals.
The Park is a beautiful venue especially for a nice summer's day brunch but the food is hit and miss and the presentation in particular could be better. We had: Breakfast Pizza - basically, bacon bits an egg and cheese.  Huge and tasty but a bit too oily.  One of the better choices. French toast - Two double think pieces of toast fried as one.  Heavily caramelized on the outside which was good but verging on burnt.  It does not come with anything else.  Once we ordered a side of fruit to go with it - it was great. Beet hash with fried egg - interesting enough to order but in the end ok without being outstanding Eggs Benedict - did not look very exciting but passable eggs benedict with a nice potato something or other... Something else which is not memorable. Nice to get a complimentary serve of banana bread whilst waiting for the meals.  We were there at 12pm and it was not very full and so service was ok. Bottom line - Go for the nice "outdoor" setting but be careful with what you pick.
I've been past millions of times and it appears so peaceful I wanted to try it.  So my boys & I  decided to stop by for brunch.  We were looking for someplace peaceful. Arrived about 2 PM on Saturday afternoon, and there were only  nine tables seated (ironic or indication of a bad restaurant?)  so it was the perfect spot to have a leisurely meal. I'm really surprised this place isn't busier. ATMOSPHERE. Very relaxed place.  Lots of room so you can have your pick of location to dine in.  The restaurant is spacious and consists of various dining areas.  You can dine in the standard dining room or in an atrium/solarium/greenhouse (whatever they want to call it).  Each section has its on persona.  There is even space to chill out by the bar. The inside is clubby but the seating area and tables are spaced in a way as to not encroach the adjacent tables. This place could be good for families, trendy hipsters and single patrons.  There is something for everyone. I love the bathrooms they gave me an old school elementary school affect. DRESS CODE? Casual.  Lots of bitches in skinny jeans who aren't skinny enough to work them!!   What is it with skinny jeans anyway?? MENU Pretty standard continental brunch menu, nothing innovative or signature.  There are kids menus. MY MEAL One friend had the Huevos Rancheros, which smelled and tasted wonderful.  The other ordered the Salmon; it was the smallest and most pitiful peace of salmon we saw as other tables got nice pieces.  I had two eggs "over easy".  When I got them there were over medium.  When you mess up eggs, I wonder if the kitchen can complete orders that are more difficult? SERVICE Our waiter was absolutely fabulous!  Outstanding.   He had to be the happiest and most polite wait staff I've encountered in years or either he is on some fierce "happy pills"!   He had to leave at the end of our meal and the young lady who took over our table was just as nice. PRICE Standard.  I think it was appropriate for what was on the menu, however, I get the feeling that people come here for the atmosphere not the food. OVERALL / CONCLUSION Not the best meal and far from the worst.  I would return for the ambiance or to bring visitors to a peaceful place in Manhattan. Note:  Please check website for restaurant hours as they change on various days.
The Park is a fun place to be on a night out in NYC. This place is huge with about 5 different rooms. It is packed with people lounging, socializing, mingling, and just having a good time. By the time midnight hits, the party really begins! The music is blasting, ceilings are trembling, everyone hits the PENTHOUSE for some DANCING, and we, especially took down shots after shots of everything behind the bar!!! The open ceiling outdoorsy area on the PENTHOUSE level was awesome! Everyone can get a little fresh air, and still shake it at the same time :) The crowd was really mixed which I personally like, but with my BF, great friends, and alcohol to share the night with, everything else is just a blur.
nice ambiance, but food was meh.
This review is about dinner only: - Long waiting - Food was half cold and quite disgusting - Service was friendly but gave us other table's bill Club seems not too bad
What a stupid name for a lounge/club.  I could deal with it being called 'Park' but 'The Park?'  Its hard to throw this into a sentence without any confusion.   Me: "Hey I'm going to The Park this weekend, you wanna come?"   Hot Girl I'm Talking To: "Sure I'll come watch you play at the park and then maybe I'll go back to your place so we could take a shower" Me: "No, no I didn't mean....wait what did you say?  uhh yeah I'm going to play at my park" True conversation.  I swear. But anyways back to The Park, this is a restaurant/bar/lounge during the day and evening Monday-Sunday.  Huge semi-outdoor space to chill and 2 bars downstairs.  Drinks are regular club prices, $6-7 beers I believe, $10-$15 mixed.   On Fridays and Saturdays at 12 midnight, the upstairs open up and it becomes a club of some sort.  In the past, the whole upstairs feels like a club with the whole two sides of the floor blasting music (hip hop/top 40's) and people (mostly Chinese) rubbing up on one another.  But now only one side of the upstair floor has music.  The side reflecting an outdoor patio does not have any music except for the sound coming in from the other room.  Without any music bumpin your ear, people just stand around on that side and slowly two step or bob their head; not much of a club atmosphere.  The other side has music and a small dance floor and a lot of couches and you could usually find some room to move.   So that killed it for me, taking away the biggest dance floor they have killed the vibe of this place.  Girls also tend to stick with their pack.  By girls, I just mean the Chinese girls.  They go with a group of guys and they form a circle.  Yes the dreaded impenetrable circle where if you're gutsy enough to attempt to talk to a girl in there, some guy with too much mousse on their head will "save" her.  And the girls will then look at each other and giggle.   Its free to get in, but guys make sure you're with a girl if you're going around 12 at night on Friday and Saturday.  They want a 1-1 ratio which is something I can't understand.  I understand the quota of keeping an even keel of girls and guys, but this place is huge.  Its never packed to capacity having a huge space both downstairs and upstairs.  And its not a true club.  Isn't the whole point of a business such as The Park, to make money?  That being said, don't try the 'call a girl already inside' to come out and get you.  They'll see that the girl was already in and not let you pull that stunt.  Try asking a girl on line if they're not with guys to walk in with you. Although I did that once and this girl straight up refused.  Is it so hard to do someone a favor for a quick second and say "yes he's with me" and go on with your night?  I still remember her face, I hope you're reading this, I hope for nothing but a barren uterus for you and your fobby boyfriend who cleans fishes for a living. Big shout out to the white doorman, DOORMAN, DOORMAN, DOORMAN, who hates hoodies.  Really?  Did someone in a hoody rob and beat you when you're a kid?  Twice, he looked me up and down, did a whole cavity search to see if I had a hoody on or a hoody hidden in my rectum and said "I HATE HOODIES".  Wow, powertrip much? Pros: Free admission, decent music, good loungy atmosphere Cons: Doorman, 1-1 girl guy ratio on Friday and Sat nights, music upstairs limited to one side only, snobby chinese girls and overprotective virgin guy friends
I wavered between two stars and three stars, and went for three because the decor is just. effin'. amazing. Also, I've had a party here and it was amazing--that's the other thing that got it stars. Go here for drinks and/or to host big groups of people. Don't go here for the food or the service. This place is seriously HUGE. Beautiful indoor/outdoor space, amazing light and lighting, and tons and tons of little places to sit down and catch up with a couple of friends. Dinner, however, was mediocre. None of us were completely satisfied with the food; the crab cakes and french fries were the only decent thing we ordered, aside from dessert/coffee. Skip the salads--they're sort of shredded up and iceberg-y. As for service: the hostesses had attitude (we were sitting under a leaky skylight--it was POURING outside, and she acted like we were assholes for wanting to move somewhere we wouldn't get wet); the waiter needed an attitude adjustment too.
the pasta w/ seafood was not very good...great atmosphere...the walls are opened to the outside...
Beautiful decor. It's like sitting in the middle of a park but air conditioned on this very muggy night. Having a "10th Ave Sunset' at the bar waiting for everyone to come. Food to follow.
So, I think you go here for the space and the drinks, but not the food.  The space is great and an excellent place to take out-of-towners.   There is a formal dining area and a more casual garden area - all under-roof and heated.  The location is perfect and right next to the high Line and the Chelsea market.  It seems like a younger, 30ish something place.  I think that it turns into a dance club later and that looks/seemed like it would be fun. I was DISAPPOINTED because #1 we were served bad oysters and more than one was bad.   #2 We were a party of 6 and called to see if we could add 2 more.  We were told no and then 4 tables around us sat empty for the entire time that we were there.
It's hard to focus on your food when your company is so entrancing, but The Park gently reminds you why it is such an excellent backdrop to good conversation. The outdoor seating is a stunning oasis of greenery, and the impractically high glass ceilings make you feel like you're eating in a modern castle. It is a highly enjoyable place to enjoy lunch in good weather, and I can imagine that it's positively magical for dinner with the little sparkling lights. N. and I split a salad, an appetizer, and an entrée, and we lamented that we could not get sample more items on the carefully-crafted menu. I was surprised by the generous portions for such a trendy restaurant, and we definitely did not finish any of the dishes. Drawn to the exotic allure of the octopus-watermelon-feta salad, we ordered it with great anticipation. Unfortunately, it really didn't come together as well as we had hoped. Each individual piece was great - chewy, firm octopus - and the watermelon + feta combination worked, but overall, the salad would've been better as two separate things. The chorizo and mussels were splendid, and the broth was flavored by both to equal measure. The mussels themselves were plump and juicy, and the chorizo was not as plentiful as the sundried tomatoes (but still there). It was a delight to consume the chorizo and the mussel at the same time. Thankfully, we were able to order a small portion of the gnocchi with pancetta, arugula, and pecorino - excellently textured gnocchi smothered in creamy sauce, yum. Overall, I really enjoyed experience at the Park for lunch, and I would definitely recommend it especially on nice days out.
woohew! night club baby! dj get me in!
Had my wedding/reception here last weekend.   I can't say enough about Frances (event planner) and her patience, responsiveness and support.  She assisted us with every detail about planning the ceremony, provided ideas, and assisted with making sure I had nothing to worry about except for showing up in my dress.  The penthouse provided an intimate setting for the ceremony - great lighting, and accommodated all of our guests easily.   Everyone RAVED about the food, and the atmosphere was perfect for the type of vibe we wanted for our wedding and reception.  Every single person on the staff was top notch and provided an incredible experience for all of our guests.  They even accommodated my little cousin who has some food allergies to make sure he felt included and had enough to eat (he loved the salmon). I would not hesitate to do another event at the Park or recommend it to anyone thinking of planning a wedding in NYC.
Major Suckage! Came here on a Thursday. Kinda slow, but it's ok - no biggie, it's a Thursday night. Made sense. Giving it a benefit of a doubt, came here again Friday since it's supposedly popping. NOT. It was dead. My question is: How can this place not let anybody in due to guy/girl ratio when it's literally dead not 1, but 2 nights in a row? There were nobody on the dance floors, 6 people at the bar, and 4 of those 6 were from MY party who arrived before the rest of our group (of like 18 people!) showed up. Doesn't make any freaken sense. Hello! We're bringing you business! How pretentious can a place be before its patrons revolt. Well, good luck! cause word of mouth and Yelp are major power :)
Brunch review - Close to dead quiet on a Saturday for brunch, but the food didn't disappoint.  Very attentive waitstaff and yummy banana bread to kick off the meal.  All reasonably priced. Lots of birds and trees makes it difficult to discern between leaves falling and birds droppings.  As I was reminded - it's good luck...
beautiful decor, great lay-out, and decent crowd. lots of options, but the food and length of service are not fortes. i predict that the park will be visited frequently this summer.
Having read past reviews I knew what to expect but let my much younger companions choose the brunch spot. Yes the setting is nice but large, loud and as noted before with lousy service. The food was so so. Not terrible but nothing memorable. I ordered a Bloody Mary which way made with added olive juice and 3 olives on top. This might be what someone wants in a dirty martini but I ordered a Bloody Mary and don't like olives. I asked that more Bloody Mary mix be added instead of asking for a different drink. My fault although the waitress could have asked if I wanted something else. It was returned only slightly better and our disappearing waitress did not inquire if I was pleased. I was happy to see my friends and we took our time. A bill arrived without request which was then retrieved from us as it was incorrect. More waiting...there are much better choices for brunch in NYC. Move on.
My friends love this place because there is no cover charge or pressure to buy bottle service. We've celebrated a few birthdays here and it's been a great pick nearly every time. They play almost everything (minus what my friend requested) and we always seem to get the party started. The drinks are cheap considering what I would normally pay with work friends and there is plenty of space to chill out, dance, etc. I would not go here for the food. It's absolutely mediocre. I highly recommend The Park if you want to hang out in Meatpacking without all the bridge and tunnel people or the pretentious crowd.
We came here for dinner on a Saturday night at 8:30 PM. We were told there was going to be a 25 minute wait. At 9 PM, the hostess told us that her manager had just said that there were going to be no seatings for another hour. When I asked the reason why, she just shrugged her shoulders. I've worked in the restaurant business for years and was shocked at the rudeness and by the fact that the manager himself didn't even come over to apologize or explain much less offer a complimentary drink or appetizer. If there was a problem with the kitchen, we would've understood but the fact that we were just left hanging, was infuriating. We left immediately and have no plans to return. RUDE, RUDE, RUDE!
The Park is such a weird beast. It tries to be everything to everybody at all times of the day and night, so it shouldn't surprise that it comes out average on most counts. If it had excelled in all that, I'd live there. The best thing is hands down the space: enter and you're at the best-stocked bar of the 4 available, make your way around it and an enormous dining area opens up - half of it indoors and half of it with an overhang of trees and other vegetation from the rooftop. Wander through there and you'll end up in a low-lit lounge with sofas and pumping music. Not your thing? Not a problem: climb a flight of narrow stairs and end up on the first floor, half of it indoors and the other half outdoors with views of the High Line. Different music at pretty much every bar, suitable for all tastes. Drinks are pretty standard beers and mixes, nothing fancy. Crowd is easy-going, no MePa pretense - the line is usually long but moves fast, never seen anybody get bounced. Obviously this means that this isn't the place to go for beautiful people, but is still a valid option. One last word on the food: brunch is of the totally run-of-the-mill eggs-made-in-5-different-ways variety.
ate here last night, we were a party of 4. ambiance is nice, the restaurant space itself is beautiful. but the food was bland and very lackluster, and the service even more so. (there are sooo many better dining options in the area. that being said, this place needs to step its game up if it wants to survive with neighbors like toro, del posto and morimoto....
What a great space... and it's a good thing, 'cause both times I've been here the wait for food was quite long. I thought the waiters were fine, so it must be a kitchen problem. When the food did come it was decent, not great. Brunch one time, lunch the other. I don't really remember much about brunch - tells you how average it was. Lunch - I had the prosciutto and arugula pizza - ok, but definitely not up to NYC standards - this is NYC baby, wood oven pizza needs to rock. So why 3 stars when the food and wait make it a 2... the place is beautiful. The architect gets 5 stars. Wheelchair access: Very good including a nice bathroom up the ramp. Inside can get a little crowded, but it's not terrible. You want to sit outside though.
Can I make it 0 stars?? Unfortunately not . The Park is the worst experience I ever had in a restaurant ! The food is absolutely disgusting , anything I ordered was terrible! Honestly, my pizza place around the corner has much better pizza then in the Park  just for 2$ a slice.  The octopus salad which some people recommended  here - it was bad, it was not fresh and octopus was burned to ashes, I had to spit it out ! Each time we wanted to order a drink or anything we had to wait for 20 minutes just to give the order! I would not recommend to eat at that place. This place needs much better manegment and a chef . Not worth it , sorry.
I wish I could give this place no stars. After spending acer $200 at an event the "big men" at the door refused to let my friend back in to retrieve her sweater. They were complete low class assholes and I am so happy to never return here again. The level of rudeness and blatant disrespect at the door of a club that is 80% empty is outrageous over-pompous bs unwarranted for such a second class club
The ambiance was nice, but the food and service was lacking. The steak was overcooked, the salmon undercooked. At one point the wind blew the massive glass doors next to our table open. They hit 2 of our guests hard enough for patrons to notice. A waiter taking an order 2 tables down looked, and then walked away, I thought to get help in securing the doors shut again, but no one returned to help. Our waitress disappeared after our order was brought out, never returning with condiments requested. I would suggest going for a drink to experience the ambiance, but don't stay for dinner.
This place is huge. I think I counted about 4 different lounge areas. There's a bar area when you first walk in. Then there's another one next to it with red lights. Then there is the garden. Then there is the upstairs "penthouse" lounge where most people go to dance and smoke. It's almost impossible to get a drink from the bar there. No cover. Seems to be a popular place for tourists, B&T, big groups. Almost every girl was wearing a dress and heels. I felt too dressed down with flats and jeans. The food tastes horrible so I highly recommend that dinner takes place elsewhere.
what's great is that there's NO cover to get in.  A great hangout spot that's always crowded and packed til 2ish...but there's still party goers there around 3ish...and even when the place tries to get everyone out...Music usually depends...not great til the whee hours...maybe the DJ got a couple more drinks :D... food...on the other hand...would not recommend dinner here...their big entrees are not big at all and food was disappointing...appetizers were the crowd pleasers...crab cakes and calamari...though sangria and the drinks were pretty good too
WARNING: TOURIST TRAP!!! Very poor service, Expensive, very horrible food, amazing place, dirty loos. But I just went to the restaurant to have brunch so i don't know anything about the nightclub. We went there cause the french friend of my mexican friend who currently lives in Switzerland said it was amazing and the food delicious, so not being familiar with the West Side we gladly meet them there. On the outside it looks like whatever but once you come in the place is really cool, they have very interesting "couches" made of big old trees crooked branches or something, it is very big and you can see like an open (but closed) area with trees and stuff that looked pretty nice, we waited and waited and finally they gave us our seat, and well I am not going to describe every single step that happened here but to make the story short, took like 3-4 times of asking for another pair of cutlery to the waiter, another glass of water, another napkin, another juice missing and so on and so forth, he kept saying: "I was told there were 4 people not 5"  SERIOUSLY? I mean I've worked in restaurants and stuff never as a waitress but ok, after you made the mistake once... even twice! you get over it and realise: OK is NOT 4, is 5!!! Am I right? So anyway, I ordered a buffalo cheese melt sandwich and it was just ok, my boyfriend ordered potato pancakes and they were disgusting, my friend ordered bagel with cream cheese and lox and she never said it was amazing or that she really really liked it :/ I guess the only person happy was the french girl that loved the place lol So, I would not recommend it at all. It appears to be as a recommendation in a travel book like Lonely Planet or something cause this has written tourist trap all over the place, after all that's how the french girl found it on the first place before moving to New York. But I don't even think it was Lonely Planet, cause they do give better, more local, good recommendations. But again, I went ONLY for a brunch I have no clue how it is as a bar, maybe the experience is better.
Visited The Park on a business lunch with a colleague from out of town and we were impressed by the space. It is huge and love the feel of an indoor garden. Service was excellent as the waitstaff is very attentive and knowledgable about the menu and possess great interpersonal skills. The only problem I had was with the food. I thought it was average. Nothing exciting or different. Food: Average (Needs some creativity in the kitchen) Atmosphere: Excellent Service: Excellent Overall this place gets 3 stars. I will check back fall 2013 to see if they changed their menu for the winter season.
This place is HUGE ----- but no matter how big it is, it is still insanely packed with people. I came here a couple of times for people's birthday or to meet up with friends.   I must say, if you're a guy and you're trying to get in with your other GUY friends ----- I don't see that happening! YOU MUST HAVE A EVEN RATIO OF GUYS AND GALS ---- PREFERABLY HIGHER RATIO OF GIRLS! I had to come here many times just to help my guy friends out on getting in. There are a lot of guys swarming outside begging girls to help them get them inside. It's a nice place and the crowd is ok but I prefer venues that are more chill!
I came here for my sister's friend's birthday and coming from the front, I was expecting an ugly, cramped bar.  However, as soon as you walk in, it is already much bigger and nicer than I thought.  Apparently, there is this whole dining area that looks like it's outside but it's inside (whew, stay away from the cold!)  They have really pretty lighting and scenery. I think they did a great job with the outdoor-wannabe decor! The dancing is upstairs and starts at midnight. For a Friday night, it wasn't very crowded but there was enough people there so that it wasn't terribly sad.  I asked for a lychee martini and it was really good! However, I'm not much of a drinker so I'm not the best judge of good alcohol. I didn't really like the music that they were playing, but I headed out early and no one was really dancing. I can imagine it being very cramped and hip, but I didn't get to see that part.  Perhaps I'll go back one day!  I did like how there was no cover =)
Had a small gathering of 10 friends...reserved a table in the Atrium/Garden area. The entire experience was nothing short of perfect. First of all, the space is breathtaking...open, airy. light, trees/birds...like you are in a park. Not only is it a lovely space to be in, but it also means that even if the place is full, it is not loud or crowded feeling. It is literally an oasis in the city. We were there mainly to drink and talk, but we absentmindedly ordered some snacks off the menu. OMG! The calamari was good...I mean really good. For those of you who like calamari, you know how hard it is to find some that is not chewy or overly bready and fried. And the french fries...rosemary infused! Unbelievable! My taste buds got perky, so I ordered the Oxtail Risotto...my toes literally curled...in a good way. I just could not believe how yummy that was. Even my food snob friends were impressed. And I don't think you'll find a more reasonably priced menu for the yumminess that you get. The service was also delightful. I never had to wait long for a drink...and the food was delivered and cleared promptly. I don't think we were an easy group...people came and went, we didn't do anything 'in order'...some people ate, some didn't. But they acted as if it weren't a problem at all. Just a note, we got there early (7pm)....when we left around 10, the inside area was pretty packed w/ glitzy "bridge & tunnel" kids, so the vibe changes. Anyway, the place would be perfect for a romantic date or a group of friends.
Still a very nice place but I start struggling with the smaller servings. Service is very fast and friendly, the chef must have been on vacation today though. Eggs Benedict overcooked, pulled pork took the whole afternoon to be digested.
Pros: + No cover + Three stories + Filled with Asians Cons: + Long line + Nothing special + Filled with Asians In the end, I wouldn't bother going back. Why bother? I guess good for big groups...
There was a ridiculous onslaught of The Park weekends for about a month straight. Literally every Friday or Saturday for four weeks or so was spent at The Park. This may seem outrageous, but I will admit that The Park is a good time. The place is huge with several bars, an outdoor garden-esque area, and after midnight the upstairs "club" portion opens up. Awhile back, The Park always tried its best to emulate the real clubs - tried to enforce a dress code, tried to enforce a 1:1 ratio, etc. However, we would always get in no problem. I remember wearing sneakers and a t-shirt and strolling in. The last time I went back was as recent as maybe...two months ago. This time they were real serious about their "rules." They made my roommate and I return home to change into appropriate shoes. When we came back, they told us that we needed girls with us. When we kindly asked a couple ladies in line to escort us in, the bouncers gave us an incredulous look like we were beating up little kids. Once getting past that debacle, it was completely fine.   There is no cover charge at this place, but the drinks aren't cheap.  The downstairs bars are MUCH less busy than the tiny bar upstairs.  In fact, it is almost impossible to get a drink upstairs.  The upstairs portion is also incredibly packed and unreasonably hot.  The music is pretty decent and there are always a lot of people dancing.  The crowd here is mostly Asian, but there is usually a pretty good mix depending on the night.  Contrary to the upstairs club area, the downstairs bar and garden area are quiet which is good if you want to take a breather, smoke a loosey, and talk with your friends.   I will end with this...every time that I've been to The Park, I've been pretty amazed at the amount of good looking females present.  If The Park is indeed moving in the direction of a yuppy, asshole-infested, trendy nightclub...then it's truly a damned shame.
My niece brought my daughter here for lunch last summer. She loved it! The Mint Lemonade is a must!
Great location, nice atmosphere but terrible wait staff. Messed up orders for our group. Wound up waiting over an hour and a half for main courses and I was still waiting on my dinner by then and then just cancelled it. Great to go once but not again, so many better choices nearby.
I was invited here for a birthday party. I wouldn't go back. The pictures of the place on the website are accurate. The interior is gorgeous, however it's so stuffed full of rude people taking any opportunity to grope or feel you up that it really doesn't matter. The crowd is a bizarre mixture of bland, young 9-5 guys fresh out of college in their button down work shirts getting sloppy drunk, their bland young female companions, giant meathead guys, unclassy, tarted up girls and large groups of Asians who separate from the rest of the crowd and do their own thing without being obnoxious as everyone else there is. It's the kind of place where I couldn't walk to the bar alone without being hit on by several sleazy men. And the kind of place where security allows two men to carry a woman too drunk to walk or keep her eyes open or hold up her head to their car. It was a really unfun experience. The vibe was unfriendly and made me really uncomfortable. If you like wearing six pounds of make up and a dress that doesn't cover much of anything paired with $300 dollar stripper heels among a crowded building of sleazy men on the prowl, this place is for you. If you'd like to go out and have a decent, fun time somewhere without constant sexual advances and molestation, stay away. Just not my deal I guess.
I came to The Park twice in my life and both times the DJ wasn't all that great. For me, if it's a bad DJ it can ruin my night. I am one of those that doesn't really drink so I'm not going to be the drunk person dancing to anything that has some sort of beat. If I'm not "feelin" the music, I just can't dance to it. Who wants to dance to music that can't be danced to? Well, unless you're drunk...then you don't care :] The first time I stopped by was for a friend's little bachelorette thing, the second was for a friend's birthday. The plus is that there's no cover charge, both guys and girls! :) It is unique in that the inside first floor looks like you're actually in a park. The "club" portion is upstairs. That area is small and extremely crowded. Both times I went it was a mixed crowd so that's good. The drinks downstairs were a bit pricey and weren't the greatest. They were just A-OK. Other than that, I guess that real plus for me was the no cover charge and the layout of the place is nice. It wouldn't hurt to check it out :] and I would stop by again but it wouldn't be one of my top choices.
Is it a restaurant?  Is it a club?  Is it a lounge?  The Park is all of the above and it does a nice job.  The atmosphere is beautiful and Asian-inspired.  Definitely worth popping by.
The venue is very pretty and located near the highline and within walking distance to the Chelsea Market and Meat Packing area.  It feels like you're eating in a garden.  There is the only positive.... The food was easily forgettable and apparently so were we... because the waiter would disappear for long periods of time and our food/drinks took a very long time to come out.   Not a repeat.
Ok, I live in San Diego and this was my first time in NYC, so granted I was having fun wherever I went... but regardless this place is AMAZING. Gorgeous inside, huge beautiful patio, tons of different rooms with different music, tasty food, delish wine, GREAT SERVICE, hip crowd... and lots of new friends by the end of the night ;) We had the cheese plate to go with our several *ahem* bottles of wine and it was really tasty, lots of variety. Every drink I had, and there were many, tasted great. Highly recommend this place, especially if you're new to the city.
It's about that time.  I've just finished an awesome burger & fries at the Corner Bistro on Jane.  I'm feeling a little full but still have room for dessert.  First I need to walk off the burger, fries & beer.  It's easy to get distracted on the journey to fulfill a sweet tooth but if you know what you want and where to get it, there are no obstacles.  Granted if you're walking along 14th street to get to The Park, there's DVF, Stella McCartney, Earl Jeans ... and all shopping does is exhaust you which you'll then need sustenance to go on!  Once you've done a little damage at the shops maybe walk through High Line Park up to 18th Street and enter The Park. It can be a bit of a scene in the sense that there's always a crowd.  Groups, dates, prowlers, they're all here-top notch people watching here.  Of course I prefer the atrium.  It's gorgeous to sit in the atrium in any season.  So you can imagine the ambiance on a sunny, rainy or snowy day.   Order the banana wontons with caramel & chocolate dipping sauces.  They're beignets so I don't know why they call them wontons but they're heavenly.  Dip on in either the warm caramel or chocolate dipping sauces and ... I know it's just fried banana but they do something to that batter or the oil they're frying them in because they're just perfect.
This place is just a really nice big place to be.  It's spacious unlike many of the other clubs in New York, and it has a nice decor, but a lot of places in New York have a wonderful look to their places.  I thought the dance floor had a sufficient amount of room to maneuver around, and the music was decent.  The outside area definitely gave me a good breather.  The drinks weren't terrible outrageous.  There was a good crowd.  I actually really enjoyed this place.
This place has not changed at all. Continues to be the only place that refuses to allow in individuals wearing sandals. But it appears that service has gone down the drain as well.
this is now a favorite place of mine. i had brunch here on a nice sunday morning. the place was beautiful no doubt. i love the outdoor area although its not really outdoor since theres a roof. but i love the trees and lights!! it was soooo pretty!! it also helps that our server was pretty attractive as well :) i had the crunchy french toast and chicken sausage. they were delicious. the french toast was battered with almonds i think it was. very very good. i loved the chicken sausage. i didnt know what to expect but now im a big fan! not too salty liker egular sausages. i just love the ambiance here. you can just relax all morning long! and apparently onthe weekends it turns into a lounge/club type place and i can imagine how gorgeous the place is at night!!! love love love this place!
Food: There is a halal cart by the doorway that is packed with patrons from this place. As the night goes on, the cart's line gets longer and longer. Speaks about the food from Park. Drink: Full bar, poor selection of beers. Jager bomb was tiny. Drinks were watered/juiced down. Lots of places to pick up a weak drink though, bar downstairs, upstairs, or table service. Service: Waiting by a bar will be quicker than table service. Depending on amount of people, you will have to elbow your way in to get the bartenders attention. Crowd/Ambiance: Meatpacking crowd. Expect what you would expect from them. Typical club scene, dance floor is packed upstairs and lots of people chatting by the bar downstairs. The stairway looping around the walls was nice. Patio seating is provided in addition to the indoor tables.Smoking allowed at patio. Can't hate on a place too hard, when I can light up a cigar. If the drinks were stronger it be a good place to come with a group to catch up (yell at each other) over loud music. Also would have been a nice venue to meet an ugly chick/dude (whatever your into) if the drinks were stronger too, due to the non existent lighting. Imagine that, darkness makes a 1 into a 5 then beer goggles bring it up to a 10.
Cool atmosphere inside (winter).   Attentive service.  Funky menu (as I recall), but not necessarily the best food. I think most people come here to drink?  Fun for groups.  Comfortable tables and big booths.  No idea what goes on in the basement but it's probably fun based on the line.
Came here for dinner on a Saturday night with a few friends because I wanted to go somewhere where I could dance. I'm 6 1/2 months pregnant so a bar or club was not what I wanted.  This place was perfect and even exceeded my expectations as  to the food. Appetizers were all solid:  oysters, lamb meatballs, mussels with chorizo, and mozzarella with tomatoes.  Entrees that I tried also exceeded expectations:  butternut squash lasagna, spotted skate, and orrechiette.  Service was good, but servers were not knowledgeable about the food or the restaurant.  When asked for a recommendation between the risotto and a pasta dish, the response was, "well, it depends on whether you prefer rice or pasta." When asked about the dancing, we were told by a different server that the upstairs didn't open until midnight.  We went upstairs shortly before midnight and it had definitely been open for a while.   The upstairs crowd was a mixed bag.  Definitely a  wide age range and some lame over-aggressive guys, but also some nice and attractive guys.  Music was sometimes great, but then not great.  But we got out groove on for an hour and I would definitely be willing to go back to The Park.
Good ambiance! Second times here and liked the environment. It does get crowded easily during weekends and it's right next to avenue. Cocktails are decent as well. Overall good time with the right group but different from a normal club scene. More like bar / lounge
We came here for my gf's bachelorette party. It so happens she picked halloween weekend to come to the city. Looking at the other reviews.. it seems like there's usually no cover charge. WELL, lucky us picked the best weekend to come and we EACH paid $45 to get in!! UGHH.. Anyway, aside from the expensive cover.. the hour long wait in the rain and cold.. once we got inside it was nice. There was a pretty good crowd but then again, it was halloween. I thought the inside was beautiful.. too bad we were only allow to be on the first floor because the upstairs floor was restricted to people with tables :( Drinks are way overpriced here! $11 for drinks and shots. Drinks are small. I don't remember what kind of music they had.. hmm.. and I don't remember seeing people dance? Well, in the spirit of the event and the holiday.. it was still a fun night and now I'm broke. Until next time~
Cool sums it up,,,, This place is huge, you walk in you feel like your in a bar, you keep walking and you'll feel like your in a Asian inspired opium den, keep walking and you'll find a indoor garden, grab a girl and go upstairs to the vip section with a roof top Jacuzzi
This place is pretty huge and dancing is almost everywhere besides in the restaurant itself. There are 5-6 main areas that people congregate in, the entrance bar and lounge seats, the restaurant (during restaurant hrs ofc), the interior bar/ actual lounge setting/ an open hangout area with a few seats, a dance floor upstairs with bar that has two rooms, and another upstairs...This place is hugeee and nicely decorated. The scene was a good mix of all kinds of people (ethnicity wise), age group maybe 24-28. Drinks were around 10-12, sort of on the expensive side, but then again I've been going to speakeasies like its my job so i was happy to not spend as much here. Line on around 1:15am Friday night was almost non existent which was nice, and the place is decently populated but not overcrowded. Music is half mainstream remixed and some EDM. I would come back some time in the future.
This is my first review so please don't lynch me if I butcher some sort of unspoken Yelp review etiquette, heathens! Last night was my second time here, however the experience was about the same; The Park scores par. From the very start of things, don't plan on getting in in you're a guy by yourself. According to the overly dramatic bouncer, due to an increase in gang violence (I ain't kidding) they are strictly enforcing a policy that all men must enter with a woman. So guys; either bring a ladyfriend, come early in the night and chance bypassing this rule, or you can stand outside and gamble by asking single ladies if you can walk in with them. Ladies, be prepared to be swarmed by guys looking for an easy way in. Once inside, the space is really nice. The downstairs houses two bars, massive seating areas, and some pretty classy decor. Upstairs is one bar, a few sitting areas, a small outdoor smoking area, and a decent sized dance floor. The upstairs bar gets absolutely mobbed, so your best bet may be getting drinks on the first floor. Though to be honest, your TRUE best bet may be getting drunk elsewhere before coming here because the drinks are a little expensive. $7 for a Corona, $12 for a cocktail. I guess it's typical price for the area, but a humble country boy like me (Queens is the f*cking country, I don't care what you say) still manages to be taken aback by some of these prices. The music is your run of the mill Top 40s fair, so if you're into the same old, danceable, popular sh*t, then prepare to be amazed! Nothing new here, but the DJs cuts and mixes aren't too bad. Overall, this place is worth checking out if. It's a cheaper alternative to some of the other spots within a few blocks radius, just make sure you come equipped with females, gentlemen. Ladies, come equipped with a stick to keep the single men outside away. BOOM! That was my incredible, amazing, review.
Only went to dinner here, so I won't be writing about upstairs. I can find better places to club. I've been here a couple of times, as my gf and I enjoy the park feel and its on the west side which helps. The food on the most part is fairly priced, though if I wanted most of the more expensive items I'd go somewhere more culinarily-inclined to get them. In the times I've been there I've had the chicken dish which was good and the chicken caesar salad which was disappointingly devoid of much chicken. The dressing was really good though. I stuck with my Guinness, though any import for more than $7 annoys me a bit and makes me want to retreat back uptown to get them for $5 bucks. She had a 14 dollar dessert cocktail which I tried and it was good, and was straight liquor, which for that much it damn well should have been. On the most part its good. A nice ambiance and nice waitstaff. Will be heading back there again.
I've only been once, however, I had an amazing time due to a great group of friends. The upstairs was spacious, the music was decent. I enjoyed the spacious design in which there were plenty of seatings and tables for anyone that preferred to take it easy, rather then dance upstairs.
No stars at all. The lady at reception , she judge people by what they are wearing. She didn't recognized that my sandals were from PRADA There was plenty of seats available but she said there was 30min wait. Which means asking us to leave. No stars!!!!
I came here on a date on a Wednesday night.  We sat at a table in The Garden area, which was nicely decorated and had a great ambiance.  The waiter was very attentive and the food was tasty - both my date and I got burgers.  I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for a nice setting and reasonably priced meal.
If you are going for brunch with the 1--3 set, this place actually has a key feature you and they will like: a lot space for them to park their strollers and wander over to the bamboo.  So, the 3rd star is because of the kid-friendliness of it all. The food is otherwise pretty undistinguished.  They didn't complain when I sent my eggs benedict back because the yolks were hard.  However, the price seemed to reflect the fact that there are many excellent restaurants in the City as opposed to this one being particularly good.
There are so many good restaurants in Chelsea and the West Village. This is not one of them. Mediocre food, bad service but nice fireplace and glass-roofed garden seating. Head a couple blocks north to Cookshop at 20th and 10th where you may need to wait for a table or spot at the bar but the service and food make it worthwhile.
This place is sooo nice! From the outside it looks really basic. Your standard diner. Inside is GORGEOUS! Go and see yourself how aesthetically pleasing this place is inside, I won't spoil it for you. Staff was VERY friendly. My friend and I ordered the same thing. We got avocado and hummus sandwiches which came with a unique side salad. Sooo good and surprisingly filling! Bloody Mary was pretty good. French fries were standard but a good portion for the price. Also, this place has legit the loveliest bathroom I have ever had the pleasure of utilizing in my life.
Nice place. No cover. Food is ok but I would not go here for the restaurant vibe. Come late night for the clubby vibe without the long line and the cover charge. Drinks are ok and priced pretty much like everything in meat packing. Why not 5 stars? Well it is not amazing. It is above average, huge in size and the crowd is ok. I would say 25+
My friends and I went here because my friend suggested to go here for one of my other friend's birthdays. It's a place to dance, eat, drink, and just to talk and chill. I've only went here once, and at the entrance there is no cover. We came here for Halloween last year and the upstairs dance floor was crazy packed. It was packed packed packed that night, we barely had any space to dance. It was Halloween and was a busy night so it's understandable on why it'd be packed to the max where people would be body to body with each other. It was smoldering hot in there too. So far I only know there are two floors- upstairs for dancing, drinking, and lounging/hanging out, meeting new people; downstairs eating at restaurant part, and many different rooms for lounging/hanging out/drinking. Overall the decor is beautiful in this place. Many different rooms, with many different colors in lighting, I thought it was pretty sweet. The ambiance is very chill and laid back in the downstairs, but once you are on the dance floor upstairs, it will get crazy. Just avoid very busy nights, holidays if you're not into a very crowded setting.
If you are looking for a place with good music and nice decor - you found it! There is no cover. Just make sure you are not a group of guys. The down side, the dance floor upstairs (opens at 12) gets soo packed you can't dance. There are a lot of asians, particularly asian gals. The guys are just gross and creepy. Most of which realize there are a lot of asian girls and are there looking for one. If this is what you want, then this is the place for you.
This place looked nice but service was bad.We were seated waited for twenty minutes, no water , no waiter, service. The Matradee said what happened I said we were never served. Didn"t care to fine out. Dont eat there.
It's big, it's chill.  You can dance, you can drink, you can eat.  Although I wouldn't ever try the eats cause I'll end up puking them back up.  But you can't beat no cover for a big venue with room to dance in Manhattan.  Great place to throw a party--you won't even need to set up a guest list!
Review for dining only Outside/inside seating Beautiful and tasteful decor (+++) I overheard someone walking pass our table saying "we are walking into the dream." - that can tell how beautiful it is here. Service was good Drink $12.00 Energetic noise Limited selection of food perfect for a date... dine and dance
I spent a good six hours at The Park. Had dinner (yummy!), waited at the bar for friends, sat with them as they ate dinner, then went upstairs for "dancing," which turned into ogling all the twenty-something drunk Asian kids. As usual, I'm too old for this place. I liked the "Korean Spa" decor (complete with wooden hot tub that drunken fools climbed in to) even though it was completely disjointed from the food (Italian-ish). I also really liked that there was so much SPACE to wander around through if one felt claustrophobic upstairs. If I had been here six years ago I would have loved this place.
4 stars for nightlife Its a place that wants to be everything. By day, it presents itself as a restaurant. From the other reviews the food doesn't seem to be great but I came for the nightlife so I can't comment on the food. The nightlife in this place is fantastic. The music is pretty great. The dance floor on the first floor isn't that big so its packed with people. Walk up to the second floor if you want to avoid the crowd. You won't get the best "dace club" experience here but it will do if you want a mixture of intimacy and fun. What I love about this place is the opportunity to go to a quiet place to talk. Many clubs or lounges force you to scream at the top of your lungs just to hear each other; you need to step outside if you want a conversation. There are many rooms to go to but I love going out into the garden. The outdoor themed decor offers a visually different experience, almost as if you're in a different place of business. Meet someone on the dance floor, bring them away to talk, flirt away and back to fun. Its all in one.
This place is huge. I wonder if they do private events? If so, this would be an ideal place, especially with the rooftop bar. But as a normal place to go on the weekends with friends to have drinks, I'd say no go. Took me almost an hour to get to the bar to get a round of shots on the top floor. I did meet a really hot guy while we were both waiting in frustration and we both bounced over to Marquee (reviewing that place next.) I'll break out into an Amy Winehouse parody now... "They try to make me go to PARK and I say NO NO NO. Yes I need a drink, but not as much as you think. So let's not GO GO GO."
I've only been here for the night club.  It's a good Asian scene.  tons of fun!  Good music -- standard pop remixes.  The line usually isn't too bad.  I don't remember if there's a cover, but I was usually on the list.  The space is huge (2 floors, if I remember correctly), so there is plenty of room to dance. This place is reliable, and definitely not as pretentious as some of the other clubs in the city -- no bottle service requirement, no crazy girl-to-boy ratio.
This restaurant/bar/lounge/club is pretty big and looks to be fairly popular judging by the size of the crowd. There is nothing special about this place though. The music, the drinks, the crowd and the atmospehere are all just about average. I don't know if I would come here again.
Im giving 3 stars only because of the great interior and pretty good food and i went there with a great company. But i believe that big part of success of any place in high competitive New York scene depends on service. Unfortunately this place completely failed this part. And after really poor service you ending up with forgetting all good experience. We came there today with few more girls for a birthday dinner. We were waiting for the waitress for very long time each time we needed her. They simply vanish there when you need them. And maybe I am subjective but they were sort of sarcastic about all our pretty regular requests. First of all our birthday girl had flowers and we asked for some bucket with water for it. It turned out a big deal. When we needed bigger plates for our entrees that we were sharing, they just brought a pile of plates and pile of napkins and put them on the table, we were supposed to grab them ourselves. We also ended up wiping dirty table ourselves too and taking fresh silverware and more napkins from next table because nobody ever came to assist us. When the food was coming they were randomly putting it on the edges of the table, not in front of us in the middle. It all was very weird, almost looked like its all on purpose... Almost funny, but sad... I am not a spoiled person and i love giving generous feedbacks and maybe its all little things but dont little nice things make the whole pleasant experience??? The staff of this restaurant needs some serious training in treating their customers right and being polite. Thats the conclusion. This place with such a great atmosphere and jungle looking garden with lights, especially at night time could be one if the greatest spots in NYC...
Nice bar upstairs and down, nice outside bar atmosphere with an extensive drink menu. This place has an exclusive outside look alike patio which is covered and can cater to a small group and big groups up to 20 or more. There is no up- front cover charge and most Manhattan bars with a dance floor will usually charge you some money up front or I might be wrong? However, on another note, I have not tried their food so I could not critique that portion of this business but I do know the drinks are pretty strong and they do not pour in small portions so stay thirsty my friends!!!
Wanted to come here since passing by in the summer and admiring the beauty of the ambience. So took my friend here for brunch last week. We sat in the garden section. It was beautiful. The food was definitely pretty good. It's hard to review a restaurant's food based on brunch. I had the sunny side up eggs with polenta. It was alright and I tried my friend's steak salad which was very good. Mango mimosa is good as well. The waiter wasn't so attentive, but who cares when you can dine in this type of ambience. Will be back to try dinner.
Not nearly as Asian as advertised.
Has an outdoor feel to it. Turkey burger with mozzarella was yummy. It was on a toasted English muffin
Great hang out spot that feels like a travel destination. One of the bartenders makes an awwweessome fantastically limey mojito. Mmmmm... on scorching days like these, I can drink buckets of it!
My wife took me here for my birthday. I was very happy to come here, the ambiance is great, a lovely place, trees, greenery, birds all around you. The restaurant is very big and was almost full when we were there. I enjoyed my food, chicken and sorbet for desert. But have to admit I was expecting more from a restaurant with these prices. It's kind of expensive here, but you are paying for the atmosphere obviously, I would come here for that alone. Perfect spot to celebrate a birthday!
Amazing octopus, really great chickpea tagine...weird transitional club vibe toward the end of the meal.  Stopped here after a stroll along the Highline.  The restaurant is enormous and is a mash up of "A Midsummer Nights Dream" and "A Clockwork Orange" set designs.  It was all reasonably priced, but I don't think I would go for a late dinner unless you are up to a "velvet rope" experience.
Ambiance is cute.  The food was decent. The place probably deserves a 3.5 overall in my book. We ordered the pitas with the Mediterranean dip, a pizza and the spinach. Everything was tasty. Nothing offensive.  The bread was that came before the meal was particularly delicious.   The service for us was fine although we witnessed another couple come in who proceeded to sit with no water or anyone for that matter coming to wait on them.  They were initially pretty patient waiting for someone to come take their order but no waitress/waiter came.  They asked the bus boy to get someone.  Still no waitress/waiter.  They ended up getting really upset and walking out and complained to the manager on the way out.   So even though our waitress was good, it seems like service can be pretty hit or miss depending on the section you get seated in.  I'm not sure what this place is like late at night when it turns into more of a club/bar but my guess it is really cute.  The only issue might be that lack of ventilation/AC.  When we were there it was pretty hot inside.
Lord. I feel bad rating it 3 stars but it wasn't my type of environment. Supposedly 3 rooms playing the same music. I don't get it...why have 3 rooms and not change it up? The coat check man really had an argument with my friend and I. He's miserable I can tell. The people were wack LOL yea never again.
Went to The Park for a private event and was first off amazed and the interior of this joint. You truly get the park feel right off the bat and are amazed by what the other rooms have to offer. Each in its own theme, this place is very cool. The food was very good, we had an slew of appetizers that were done buffet style as well as walked around. The DJ was never too loud and he was excellent; he had a great mix of songs and blended them all together well. The only thing that we all hated, although it was not our doing it was the planning committee of the event is that we had no open bar or discounted drinks so soda, beer and any mixed drink cost a fortune. Thank goodness water was free. I would definitely like to go back here and check it out on a regular night.
Been here a couple of times since my first review and I unfortunately have to downgrade it a star.. Came here on Saturday night around 11:45PM and had to wait on a short line to get in.  My overall vibe this time around was that The Park is a very "B list" place trying to be as cool as the other meatpacking clubs but not quite hitting the mark.  The dork factor and the sloppy drunk factor were high -- I'm sure those are not mutually exclusive. Lots of older folks with glasses, shorts and fanny packs (maybe spillover from dinner?) and frumpy looking folks.  Also a huge proportion of Asian and white folks, more than I remember.  We saw at least 2 people who could not handle their liquor -- one guy was teetering to and fro as he was carried around by a friend -- wish they would just leave instead of putting the rest of us in danger of being vomited on!  A second girl not only tripped and fell but basically somersaulted as she was approaching us nearly taking us out.  They did not look very young so I had no sympathy - by that age you should know what your limits are! We were able to get drinks at the downstairs bar before it got too crowded and sat in the outside section.  The upstairs was closed off for a private party until 1AM so we decided to stick it out downstairs, which progressively got more crowded since the upstairs was closed off to us. We decided to get another round of drinks from the downstairs bar at 12:15AM.  We grabbed some stools in the middle corner of the bar and attempted to flag down a bartender.  Unfortunately for us, there were only 2 bartenders serving the far ends of the bar so our middle corner section went unnoticed for MORE THAN 30 MINUTES.  As the four of us waited, we kept flailing our arms and screaming out trying to get the attention of either of the bartenders.  Finally one bartender noticed us and yelled at us angrily that there were other people he needed to get to first.  He did not care that we had been waiting longer than anyone else.  Finally my friend's bf goes towards the end and is able to put in our order.  The bartender asked to see our handstamp but the bouncer had put such a tiny Sharpie mark on my hand that it had washed off when I went to the bathroom.  Why does the bartender need to see this mark anyway?  Luckily he did not care.  We finally get our drinks around 1AM, meaning we sat at the bar for 45 minutes waiting for a drink?!  Unacceptable.  I feel for the bartenders, but The Park needs to do a better job of staffing the bars, especially when the upstairs is closed off and everyone is forced to stay downstairs. We decided to venture to the upstairs section, which was playing good, danceable music.  It was pretty crowded up there too but it was definitely easier getting drinks.  I also realized I used my credit card to pay for less than $30 worth of drinks so maybe there is a lower minimum.  Aside from a minor altercation with some guy and his gf who thought pushing through our circle to get to the bathroom was okay -- we enjoyed ourselves.  After an hour, the music switched over to techno/house, which we took as our cue to leave. I'm sorry that my experience here was not as good as the first time around -- maybe I'm just getting older and don't want to deal with the nonsense anymore, who knows.  I won't avoid it completely, but next time I'm in the area, I'll be looking for a new place to party.
I did not eat here.. but I did go out here after dinner elsewhere. Like the previous reviews mentioned.. no cover.  That makes it fantastic.  The place is large so bring all your friends in.  In the summer, it is HOT standing in the courtyard.  It's NYC though.. has nothing to do with the Park. And yes, there are several bars, rooms, and floors... plenty of opportunity to have a good time. It was not a packed place because it was so big.  So if you want something super crowded to feel like you are in that trendy spot.. this may not be the spot for you.  I liked it.. I don't remember the drinks being delicious.. but for no cover, pretty decent.
The place is absolutely gorgeous - it looks exactly as you would think, given the name of the place.  I came here for a friend's birthday at night and was a bit disappointed.  I hope it was just the bad DJ playing there that night or something.  Not only did they have a horrendous selection of music choice, but I think they purposely play reggae at the end of the night to kick people out. (Not to downplay on reggae or anything)  However, I can't complain about not having to pay a cover, ESPECIALLY in the meatpacking area.
I'm giving this place only 1 star, for ambiance. It has a dim, romantic feel. It's very spacious and has a dance floor on the roof of the restaurant, so get a bite to eat and head on upstairs to dance to lame techno. The food here was seriously bland, everything lacked flavor! A friend of mine told me about this place, said that it was usually booming. It's located in the heart of the meatpacking district, so apparently it's pretty lively. Well, It's lively for all the wrong reasons. Our food was definitely not worth the money, I felt we could have had better from a fast food joint (and I hate fast food). We were celebrating a friends birthday, so we all ordered a bunch of random dishes. I split a margarita pizza and a burger with a friend. Talk about a major disappointment. No, talk about how the food lacked flavor! Our pizza tasted like raw dough. It was seriously nasty. The burger was less than mediocre, seriously bland. Just about everything I tried at this place tasted like nothing. Afterwards, we decided to head upstairs for drinks . Wow, talk about being hot, sweaty, and lacking oxygen. It was disgusting! Keep in mind, I had only been up there for a good 10 minutes before having to step outside for some fresh air. My entire duration on the dance floor, I was groped and touched by random men. Sorry, that's not my idea of fun. Yeah, never again.
This place is HUGE. Has many rooms to chill in and best part of it all, no cover! I arranged a little reunion here and everyone had a great time. The food was ok and we ended up on the dance floor upstairs. It can be quite challenging getting drinks at the bar but overall a good time.
You like the Rainforest Cafe...Park is basically it on Crack with fun Bouncers are uber cool, easy walk in none of the fuss that happens at 1oak or other Meatpacking places I have come to Park on several occasions and have to admit i have always had fun. Beautiful women, beautiful people. Listen to me  fellas? most people think of this spot first thing they say is umm  Asian spot. Yes there is a high volume of such.  Same time  there is a mix of people wandering around the 2 floors but so much space you will be happy you came. Drunken hot chicks what more can you ask for. The Dj's transitions were on point. Conversations at Park Drunken Girl: I love the Park Me: Central Park? Drunken Girl: no this place is Park Me;  ::::thinking::::: of something cool to say in Korean OK I GOT IT GUNDAM STYLE Drunken Girl: and you say I'm the Drunk one dude......you needsss to Go!!
The space and ambiance is fantastic, but the menu is definitely lacking.  My steak salad was small and not too exciting and my cousin's crab cakes were disappointing as well. Go here for a drink and a cool vibe.  Head elsewhere for food.
Now talk about a place that has an amazing atmosphere! This past weekend, a friend called me to kick off "Sunday Funday" the right way.  Of course, who can resist Sunday Funday right? So onto Chelsea I went to meet them at the Park.  From the moment I walked in, one could not help but admire the wooden decorations in the main bar.  We all ordered a special gin drink that was very refreshing. From the bar, there is a dining area next to it, followed by an outdoor section that adds a lot of character to this place.  The vines on the wall, the greeneries.  It was all very charming. I think this would be an amazing place to throw a group get together, especially at night!
The bouncers thought my and my friend's ID were fake when our IDs are real! I provided a graduate school ID with my picture on it and they still would not let us in. They tried holding my friend's ID and were so rude to us. We were with a large group of 25 people so all of us left. These bouncers should really learn how to distinguish real from fake IDs. I will not come back here again!
I'm not going to lie, despite the fact that I had a CRAZY experience the first time I was here, I have been back on multiple occasions, simply because this is a great and spacious place to hang out with friends, get drinks, and dance if you want to. Peep my tip though, DON'T DO COAT CHECK. I won't go into detail about it here, but if you're interested you can just message me or something (it's an exciting story, trust me). Being that I just moved to the East Coast back in August of 2012, I was looking for places to go in the City for my birthday that had the lounge/club feel. A friend suggested this place, and he told me that you didn't even really need to make reservations if you were just going for drinks so I was all about it. Atmosphere: LARGE. the bottom floor has numerous bar areas and there is seating since it's also a restaurant. It has an outdoor feel to it (with lit trees and stuff). They open the upper dance floor and lounge level around 11-11:30 and up there is a bar and a dance floor area and more tables. Drinks and Music: reasonably priced and relatively yummy. My friend bought all my drinks on my birthday (which was a lot), and all of them, at least up until the point at which I can remember the last drink, were good. The dance floor was filled when I went on Saturday night, but the vibe was weirder and less crowded on Friday. Don't know if this is a usual thing but eh, who cares, I was drunk and I apparently danced for more than 2 hours. The music consists of a variety of stuff - top hits, edm, etc. It's all-inclusive which is nice. Service: Brian, the manager (I think) is AWESOME. They work fast here and they're pretty relaxed when it comes to table service policies. The downside is it's a little far from the trains, but that doesn't really stop me from coming here. Honestly, if you have no set plans but want to go out and just chill, this is a really great place to do so.
You got me saying O O O O O O O OMG..la la la la...had a blast at the Park. Had a bit of trouble finding it as the cab driver thought I was going to Hiro (which is very close by).  If you say take me to the Park, he will look at you like your nuts..so try to get the address...Arrived around 11 pm and there was no line..Door guys were very pleasant and nice.   Entering the doors, there is a huge space on the left which looks like a park.  Ceilings are super high and it's a nice airy space.  I think that's where they serve food.  On the right of the entrance is a bar and loungy area with a fireplace.  The bar was pretty packed but I had no trouble pushing my way in to get a drink.   I was expecting some NYC attitude but the bartender didnt pretend she didnt see me and was actually pretty friendly and was helped immediately.  I ordered the "couger" because of my impending turn of 30.  ha ha.  Anyways,  it was really good and flipping strong!!!  $12/drink.  I followed up with the Love You long time $12 and I couldnt finish it because I think I was drunk... So..now I'm like...I went over here for a bar? I thought it was a club?  There is a club in the back but it doesnt open until midnight...There is another bar which was dead so I chatted with the bartender who was so nice...she said i shouldnt mix gin and vodka so she gave me a glass of water...so friendly!!!   The club part in the back is amazing... If your not from NYC , you should definitely check it out just to see the space.  It really looks like an outdoor park and after being confined to the streets of NY all day...it's nice to have a view of the skyline.... I liked the crowd...I would agree that it was more Asian but they are not fresh off the boat asians...they are cool new yorker asians...if that makes any sense...some Wall street looking types...I think there was a good mix of people...I didnt smell any BO , see any sweat and no wierdos who stare at the dance floor all night ..so I was happy.   By 2 am its pretty packed....I left at that point... I was tired and I had to get back to my Brooklyn hotel.   When I left, I saw that there was a line ...didnt look very long...20 people maybe? maybe 15-20 min wait?   Definitely a must do if your in NYC....at least to enjoy a drink and the amazing space....I was pleasantly suprised by the service...none of that holier than thou, stick up your ass,  new york unfriendly attitude.
Do I have to give it even 1 star? AVOID THIS PLACE, if you want to consume food. Our waitress was aloof, indifferent and all around just weird. I ordered the salmon and asked for it well done. I got my salmon and the center of it was rare. Disgusting. Sent it back, and the waitress was again indifferent and said "sorry". I informed the manager, who clearly went to clown college for hospitality and restaurant management and failed. He was Rude, & insulting when I Told him our salmon was rare, & he responded with "that's how we cook it here". Seriously? Is that your final answer cheap suit donning manager with a fake accent?  We didn't order sushi, or salmon tar-tar and to insult me with such a bullshit response was the last straw. Avoid this place. Clientele is bridge and tunnel with obnoxious birthday party's abound and drunk girls dressed in control top girdles and dresses that surpass the realm of tawdry and tasteless. This place wants so bad to be sexy and it's just not. It's embarrassing; the food, the service and the patrons. McDonald's can offer better food, & a more refined society of company. Decor is nice but that's about it. Don't be fooled
We came here for a drink to wait to get our table at a different restaurant, so this is for the small bar area only - The service is pretty quick, drinks are pretty standard, probably won't come here just for the bar again, may try the dinner/dance club they have to offer next time.
I've been to the Park twice and I swore I was never going to come back again. However, due to a special occasion, I had to come back for the third time. " The third  time is the charm" doesn't seem to work for me and the Park.  Something about this place turns me off. If you come here for their food, don't expect a fine dining experience. Their food quality is terrible but I guess most people who come here are either already drunk or past drunk where they don't even know what they're eating.  This time around, I just ordered appetizers because I wasn't in a mood for a full meal at midnight. The appetizers included calamari, crab cake, and chicken caesar salad.  The calamari and crab cakes were pretty standard but not stellar. The worst was the Caesar salad. I don't know what kind of dressing they used but it was  way too sour.  After one bite, I was done and was ready to call it a night.  The other sad part is I ordered a Coke and it came in this retro glass bottle but it tasted nothing like Coke. It tasted like they left it in the fridge since the 1950s and decided to take it out.  That's how bad it was. Upstairs, where the real "clubbing" happens, is no different. You walk up a flight of stairs and enter into this dark and overcrowded room full of people just standing around. Yes, people were just standing.  It has been awhile since I've been to a club so it felt very awkward too. It was just wasn't my type of scene, especially when you have creepy looking clientele lurking behind you.
If you're into an early to mid 20's crowd and can't think of anywhere to go out on a Saturday night.  The Park is a great space to lounge or go dancing on the top floor.  The top floor has a small rooftop patio and the air is nice when it gets really warm inside. There's apparently a hot tub as well on the top floor.   I had my birthday reserved here for dinner and the service was great even with a packed room.  The food was good, sangria was great and I always have a great time here.
Went here with 6 friends after touring galleries. We were told at 6pm that they could not accommodate us but when we looked inside there were many tables of 6 available! Too bad since we dropped a boat load of money elsewhere. The hostesses were rude and obnoxious. Too bad since it's in my neighborhood. Not going back!
Have been there many a times & its very good! Super ambiance too.
Came here for a Bachelorette Party with eleven girls and had a good dinner! We sat in the Garden which is definitely where I would recommend reserving a table. Tall ceilings with glass windows, plants everywhere, it was like eating inside of an atrium. We came in for an early-ish dinner and it wasn't very crowded at all. The best drink option for a large group like ours was pitchers of sangria. We ordered some red and some white, but the overall preference was for white. Leah E. and I split the lamb meatball appetizer which was incredibly flavorful and hearty. It came with a spiced yogurt sauce that was very unique and the serving size was large. Others in our party ordered salads and other appetizers, all of which they enjoyed. For dinner, Leah E. and I shared the turkey burger and braised short rib burger. These were both rather disappointing. The turkey burger was charred and dry, not something I expected from this restaurant. The short rib burger was just ok, neither of us were impressed. The issue with our entrees being "just ok" is that this isn't an inexpensive meal (short rib burger was $16). Overall, loved the ambiance and appetizer, great place for a girls dinner, but the entrees fell way short of expectations for the price point.
I went last night for dinner for early bday celebration was quickly seated.  Was a good crowd not over bearing, waitress was nice chicken skewers appetizer was a little salty but good.  I had the smoked pastrami which was good the homemade chips were kinda stale.  I appreciated the surprise birthday candle with my dessert and the waitress was very attentive. Atmosphere was nice and quickly filled up once one of the dance rooms opened. Definitely would go again with a bigger group and stay longer for club experience!
Came here for a friends birthday and wow, I was pleasantly surprised. I had very low expectations as MPD isn't really my thing anymore, but they have a nice thing going. There are a number of rooms with different atmospheres. The red room where a lot of dancing was happening, a room that felt (and smelled) like a greenhouse with trees decorated with lights, and an upstairs that was quieter and much more about talking. t/hey also have a basement that i did not see. Overall, an incredible ambiance that I will keep in mind for the future.
Haven't tried the food yet, but the place was definitely interesting. There's a furo upstairs on the roof area reminiscent of the bar at the top of Hotel Gansevoort and a smaller room with a fireplace (gas), and a forest-like area and a dance floor and a restaurant area. I'm definitely going back!
This is a fun place at night. The bouncers are a bit aggressive at times, but there isn't a cover and the line isn't bad. During the weekend, the upstairs area is open for dancing. Unfortunately, the beers are quite expensive at $7-9 for a simple bottle of Bud or Stella. There is coat check downstairs for $3 during the cold seasons. However, the bathrooms can be a huge bother. I literally walked in just to use the bathroom and then wash my hands. The person there squeeze me some soap and gave me a paper towel. I would prefer to do it myself anyway. I didn't take mints, cologne, anything. He starts then asking about recognizing me and hounding me for a tip. I just walk run out.
My friends and I came to the place on a Thursday night. The place was dead. We got in easily, no charge, nice environment, very space-y, the music was not bad, full bar, and nice place to hang, be mellow and chill. We came back on a Friday night after leaving from Duvet (another club) and after much convincing from our other friends that Friday night would be different for Stay. NO! It was dead as well. I don't know about you, if a place is not happening on a Thursday night and it is not happening on a Friday night, then it is NOT HAPPENING! We feel cheated. Anyway, since we hopped to this place from Duvet, we got a group of people coming with us. The first group including me got in fine (even though the bouncer, a woman, was having a bit of an attitude). We got in, waited for a long time for our friends (the second group that should be meeting us up) wondering why they didn't get in yet. They called and said they got stuck outside by the bouncer. Now, we are pissed. The place was dead on a Friday night and for no apparent reason, the bouncer just decided to make a group of customers waited outside for a lounge/club that was not worth the time! We left and never come back to the place again.
I thought this was a beautiful space, and I was tempted to explore the hot tub upstairs, but I could not get over the fact that the sound system was HORRIBLE. It has potential, but really, the crowd was pretty meh and the static and feedback over the system made me cringe, even when they played "umbrella" ella ella eh eh eh...
been there thrice, not once did i find this place fun. so why did i return? first time- hadn't been to this place before so went with friends. it was summer so was hot out there already. who knew the clubbing space on 2nd floor was about 20 degrees hotter than outside. pissed many people off with their faulty/turned off ac. 2nd time-friend's birthday. music was ok. went during spring so it wasn't that bad. 3rd- friends were there and joined them so we could leave the place together. went at 3.30am so no line, but bouncer made us wait for 5 mins to get in. just lame. was playing pop, then to salsa/latin music. female bartender was unfriendly, but ordered another drink from a male bartender and was nice and polite. hopefully there wouldn't be any friend's party because i really do not want to go back there.
The park looks elegant and gorgeous both from the inside and out. The line waiting to get in was fast and there is no cover to get in. When you enter there are two different floors you can get drinks and dance. Theres also a room on the side where you can admire the decor while sipping on drinks (or simply to escape the sweaty crowd). The music on the second floor was horrendous. There was no flow from one song to the next and the selection was horrible. The music on the first floor was better but still not amazing. Like any club, it gets very crowded and there is always a lot of pushing and shoving. Overall, probably would not return, but it's worth checking out at least once.
No cover, lovely decor, relaxed atmosphere, mixed crowd! It's great! The downstairs is perfect if you want to sit down and chat with friends at a table in the low-key, romantically light atmosphere. Yes, there are tables for you to sit at, and no, you don't have to pay for them! Head upstairs if you want to get your moves on and start a dance party. It's perfect for a group if not everyone wants to dance all night long, but The Park is definitely more of a lounge kind of place. Come here if you are sick of the pretentious scene in the Meatpacking and want to just relax after clubbing. The crowd is mixed but not creepy and there's a Halal food cart right outside the front doors if you're craving for a food nosh after the alcohol.
Spacious comes to mind when I think of the Park.  You would never know it until you've gone inside but this place is huge!  I almost feel like a hamster in an exercise cage with all the different levels and rooms it has.  There is a tiny staircase that wraps up to the upper level and ladies need to be careful walking up/down these stairs. (Hold on to the railing!)  One slip and you can really hurt yourself.  XP   There are plenty of cozy indoor and outdoor areas to mingle at.  The Park would be a great place to have a party; ideal for large groups. The music was good, and the crowd was good too.
This place definitely has a cool vibe- there were 2 separate bars and 2/3 different dinning rooms and a separate dance floor. Didn't get to eat here but tried some drinx, their sangria was the bomb! A bit overpriced, but the atmosphere was fun- went to check out the dance floor, not too many people were up there when we checked it out (prob b/c it had just opened) but the music wasn't that great. If I'm ever in ny again, I'll go again and check out the food this time.
I had heard very mixed reviews, but in a pinch, 12 people looking for brunch on Sunday, I didn't care and gave it try. I was pleasantly surprised. The food was good, the service was good, and the space is great.
Came here for a friend's birthday party this past Sat 9/10/11, after the place she had originally planned on ended up being booked for a private Fashion Week event. I got there after 12am and had a BLAST. The space is MASSIVE....SERIOUSLY. I was shocked as I went "outside" and also discovered the upstairs floor. Endless space, to accomodate lots of party people and the overall ambiance/decor is equally charming and eye-catching. Great music, great crowd, unpretentious (no cover, NICE bouncer- I was pleasantly surprised), strong drinks, and overall a great location that does all it can to ensure each person has a great time. Will DEF be back!!  WOOHOO (I love discovering new spots - especially in this City!)
This place exudes all the signs of a place trying to hype itself up more than it really is the case... *shakes head* - ok maybe not ALL the signs... but let's say that your hostess can ruin your guests' impression of your establishment forever.... 245pm after driving range practice, 3 individuals arrive at The Park to grab a late lunch. We were starving and were glad to see that there were several empty tables in the outdoor garden area. Sweet, we wanted our food served immediately. So I guess we were a little thrown off by the hostess' response which went something like "Your table will be ready in 20 mins". "WHAT? but the restaurant is literally empty. I don't get it" Repeat response "Your table will be ready in 20 mins.... blah blah blah which never got into our (at least my) head because it was just RIDICULOUS". "Please feel free to wait at the bar..." Fine, we went to the bar, still feeling angry. We proceeded to get drinks till the bartended decided to card me. Yes, card me! I'd walked from home to Chelsea piers so didn't have my regular wallet with me. I had a credit card and a twenty. No ID. OK my fault but fine, I'd go without an alcoholic beverage. It was at that moment that we were informed that our table was ready... (hur hur - what a game) so we proceeded there sans drink. Later on, the waitress came by to take our orders. I ordered the Wood Oven Baked Red Chilaquiles And Eggs and decided to try my luck at a Bellini. I thought I'd be rejected again for lack of ID but to my surprise, the waitress processed it without any questions. OK at least something was going right here... Brunch was ok. Experience was horrid. I guess the only draw to this place is the garden and supposed decor. Terrible terrible hostess attitude. Bartender was just doing his job, totally understand... Nothing really to draw me back.
Park is my go-to place for free, no hassle, fun night out buuuuut apparently they've started to charge $10 cover??
Good for a quick meal when walking the High Line! Walking the High Line with a group of photography friends, we decided it was time to eat. We wanted to have a quick bite and get back for the sunset. You can see 'the Park' restaurant from the High Line which made it a no-brainer. It looked inviting with a large outdoor seating area. There is a 'garden room' that looks beautiful with live trees and lush plantings. Most of the group had the individual pizza. There are many varieties to choose from and I had the ricotta and basil pesto. It was delicious! Our friends had all different varieties and most people were happy with their choices. Crust was a little soggy, but this isn't Brooklyn pizza. Sitting at another table, some of our friends ordered hamburgers. Our table was done eating by the time their meals arrived. They said the hamburgers were good, but then how do you ruin a burger and why did they take so long? I don't think it was worth the wait. I would recommend 'the Park' if you are in the area, but don't go out of your way. Maybe the 'night club' crowd is a totally different experience, but for a quick meal, this was fine. Oh, the bathrooms are down a long staircase as is the situation in most NYC restaurants!
I had such a sad night of nostalgia at The Park last Sunday.  While I will always love Hiro on Sunday nights (yelp.com/biz/koXJ_iXloMF…), it is just too hot down there during the summer.  So, in an attempt, perhaps, to relive some of my wilder nights during my first few months in New York, I grabbed a few good friends and we returned to The Park.  Now, as Heather H found out, The Park used to be THE Sunday night destination for the boys.  Oh the nights I have had there.  Even when Hiro was just getting started, The Park was still going strong.  So imagine my surprise to walk into a COMPLETELY EMPTY Park at 11:30pm on a Sunday night....sigh...Johnny McGovern, where art thou!? Wild gay boys aside, The Park is still a beautiful, beautiful space, and apparently a pretty good restaurant. Gabby D is spot on calling it the West Side B-bar.  Although, I think it's a little classier.  Food is good, definitely overpriced, as are drinks.  But I had a lovely evening with my boys sipping vodka gimlets and reminiscing.  Clearly we ended up at Hiro later anyway...
Ok place to party with friends on the weekend. I have never dined here but I heard good things from a friend of mines. 1st floor you have people eating and talking /some dancing but if you want to rub elbows and swap spits go upstairs to the dance floor. The drinks can get ridiculously expensive even for NYC so try drinking somewhere else before coming out to The Park =) Pros: Nice layout and clean restrooms w/ bathroom attendants. No lines and some what of mix crowds. Cons: Pricey drinks ($14 small vodka w/ bull) not a all nighter-type would stay for 2hours to chill.
Pretty cool spot.  Good for people watching and maybe being watched yourself.  The food is Mediterranean inspired and not all that bad either.  Cool bathrooms and very friendly staff.  Good drink menu and cool sort of atrium area where you can dine too.  It can get a bit crowded and sometimes feels a bit bridge and tunnel.
Funny Story. Skip ahead to the next paragraph if you don't want to hear it. I was in NYC in 2008 and had an amazingly fun time at a lounge/club I couldn't remember the name of. I just remembered it was dark and had a red lighted ambiance to it. Flash forward to 2013. I walk in and everything seemed very familiar. Coincidentally I was back at the same place 5 years later with a totally different group of friends! I actually ran upstairs to confirm and surprisingly NOTHING has changed. Lesson of the story? Drinking kills brain cells and makes your memory fuzzy. I'm reviewing the nightlife here and not the food/restaurant. This place is nicely decorated and is very dim. I guess that can be a good and bad thing. Drinks are very reasonable. I like that it doesn't get super packed because there's room to dance. Music was good and I had a great time both times I was there.
We stopped into The Park for drinks after strolling along the High Line. We sat in the garden portion of the restaurant. The space is great! I loved the faux park ambiance with bird feeders hanging from the ceiling and the trees all around us --hence the name  ;) The service was fast and very friendly. The specialty cocktails however were nothing special and lets say you pay for the ambiance alone. Given the plethora of bars in the area I would not be in a rush to come back here. 2 stars for the great ambiance & good service.
I'm just writing about the dining experience here, not the clubbing experience. I came here when I last visited New York and thought it was great. There were people scurrying around everywhere and I figured we wouldn't be able to get a table. After talking to the hostess about our table preferences and making it clear that we didn't really have any, she took us to a nice little table right away.  I really enjoyed myself here. I had an interesting and delightful cocktail made with my favorite Gin (Hendricks) called 'Love You Long Time.' $12 for a cocktail is about what I expect to pay in New York. The mushroom fries were among the main reasons we went there and they are definitely my favorite thing about this place.  The pizza and burger were both top notch as well, but there isn't much to describe. Next time I hope to get something more exciting.
Out of the 5 times I've been here, only once was somewhat decent.  It's just too large of a place for my taste, yet the dancefloor is so small for a place this big. It's hard to get a drink when overcrowded (which it usually is). But here's the thing - most of the people who seem to like the park are girls, while guys don't seem to like the place. Go figure.
I came here with my date on a Saturday night after striking out with two other dance clubs, The Park completely made up for it. I loved the atmosphere, the crowd was filled with a beautiful mix of young professionals and the DJ was amazing. I'm not usually fond of dancing in public, but after a good drink, I let the music take control of me. It was an amazing end to the night, I'll definitely be returning. The only downside was that the drink that I ordered, a Sex on the Beach, was filled with pulp, I hate pulp in my drinks, but that's just a personal preference.
I've been to the Park a couple of times now for Cuckoo Club on Sundays (gay party, which used to be held at Hiro a couple of blocks away). I'd always enjoyed the party at Hiro, and this one is pretty similar I must say. First about the club: this reminds me a lot of BBar in the East Village (the resemblance is actually quite striking), though the Park is significantly bigger with two levels and many different rooms. It is a dance club I suppose, though there isn't really a big dance floor like there was at Hiro, and as a result there really isn't a whole lot of dancing going on. The venue is beautiful (or so it seemed... it was pretty dark), the music is good (especially if you like to dance). The drinks are ok though I'm never a fan of the plastic cup and they're a bit expensive (not quite as expensive as they were at Hiro, if I remember well). I'm not too sure what to write about the crowd: a lot of pretty boys... but way too many posers! Seriously, everybody is so full of themselves that they wouldn't give you the time of day. Get over yourselves and your expensive (but kinda ridiculous) clothes!... 4 stars for the venue, but 2 for the stupid posers that hang out there.
Came here after walking around the Highline and we just saw this place beckoning us with it's inviting facade and aboreal feel.  The location is great too, kind of sandwiched between Chelsea and the meat packing a couple of blocks from the pier and the Highline.   First off, it's huge (for NYCat least).   It's really 4 restaurants in one each with a different feel, but with the same menu so you don't have to stress about that.  There's an indoor main dining room, which is your standard restaurant, but still very nice.  Then there's the "garden" which is really indoors, but has the outside feeling with big seemingly real trees and sidewalk type brick patio.  It's actually heated and covered, so no worries for the winter.  There's also a lounge, called the "penthouse" which is very cool.  It opens up to the outdoors for the warmer months and has great couches and lounging areas.  There also the atrium, which I think is just for drinks.   I think they fancy themselves as ingredient-based Mediterranean, but I'm not really sure what that means.  The food is reasonably priced and the portions are ample without being grotesque.  If you're with a group, I recommend doing a few of their small plates tapas style then go up to the penthouse for drinks afterward and make it an evening.
I only ate here once. It was an avocado and swiss turkey burger and let me tell you... it was sooo goood. I was surprised. All the other times I came to this place was to dance. I never took notice of the restaurant part of it. That burger was really good. The club part of this place sort of worsened throughout the years, but this would be a nice place to bring a date for dinner or for a snack. The ambiance is lovely and unique. Well strings of lights with very dim lighting isn't unique, but it's still nice. I liked how it felt like we were eating in an actual park at night. Though I wouldn't recommend eating at night at any park. Not safe.
Went to The Park on a saturday night around 1am for a birthday party. It was me and 8 guys. We had no problem getting in, despite the profound amount of males in our group. There was a long line but it took us no more than 5 minutes getting in. No wonder because once in, we saw that the place was empty! So we ventured in. The Park is very unusually spacious. On the first floor there is a roomy bar area (which not one person was at...), and a beautiful garden area with tables and people lounging around there. The garden looked like a great place to have drinks or eat with friends. But once I saw disappointing food reviews on here, maybe I'll be cautious about eating there.... too bad because it  was just lovely. We went upstairs, where there was a dance floor and bar. Around this room are comfortable couches and sofas which was interesting! Easily can get a spot to sit and rest your feet or talk to someone. The drinks were pretty pricey. $10 for a beer or a shot. The music sucked, which put a damper on my night. I kept wanting to dance but I just couldnt. The music wasn't danceable, even though it was top 40, but it was bad top 40. Deducting one star for this, because it could be and should be better. My favorite part was the outdoor lounge next to the bar. Loved this. The atmosphere is so exotic and beautiful. There are multiple loungey couches outside for you to chill on with your group of friends or a date, or to just catch some night air, and there are plants everywhere. My friends were mainly dancing (to the horrid music) the entire night, but I wish we went to spend some time on the couches. I even considered having my birthday here, and would recommend for anyone looking for a place for a party for a special occasion. The scenery at The Park is really one of a kind and I hope they improve their music. Hesitant to have brunch here but it's an option.
Definitely a place to see if you're not from the area, it's just a different kind of club/lounge. I would definitely recommend this more for how it looks rather than anything else. The music wasn't THAT great, even with a few drinks in your system. But they say it's who you're with that can make your night better:) but the music was like a bad mix of top 40s from the previous year. Then again, that was probably just the DJ and shouldn't be a bad reflection of the venue. Although, I've been there at least 3-4 times, and I still feel the same way. There's two floors and usually pretty crowded on the dance floor. If you want/need air, there's a sufficient amount of room to breathe, as there is a restaurant attached. There's also a room that has a huge tree in it, pretty cool New York City type of vibe.
Go for the atmosphere but not the food, Great bar, even better restaurant, glass greenhouse like setting, trees, ivy growing up the walls. Like you in an outdoor cafe. Food is salty, menu is limited and not very creative. Wine markup is minimal  and the selection good so enjoy. The house cocktails ar eover priced, so stay with the wine.
Great attentive staff, food is well prepared, the ambiance is AMAZING! My only problem was they didn't have certain items on the menu, the drinks were made small especially my Long Island Ice Tea which is supposed to be made in a tall glass. The major turn off was the restroom, UGGGGGH!! There was a big puddle from a leak, stalls out of order and it was not well keep (MANAGEMENT!!!)...lol. For such a gorgeous restaurant, they should $eriously remodel the restroom$. After that is a great place still! The menu seems expensive but when the bill came back it was reasonable! Cool Place!
3 stars is a little unfair. There are very few places in the meat packing district that let you in without a cover charge. The price of drinks are good, the space is huge and you can choose to dance or simply have a drink. I celebrated my birthday here one year and it was a great spot! I wanted to dance and I didn't want my friends to pay any cover so it worked well.
Wow, ok, I went here the first time about... 7 yrs ago. Yes, I was about 17 and in High School. It was great to me then. Everything I loved about NY. I was partying upstairs (which was the place to be). The outside patio was fun ; )  I met Jermaine Dupree and the music was good. Was trendy.   As for the present... not a clue! I wouldn't think after 7 yrs a place would still be as good (in NY atleast). I am unsure but may have to take a look inside to see what type of crowd is spotted.
Huge lounge with nice outdoor space. Maybe, maybe 3, or 3.5 stars. but I love their outdoor area and thus 4 stars. Honestly I think their food is just OK and their prime time night is also OK. But it's nice to have brunch/dinner at their garden-like outdoor table and that's the main reason I come back here periodically.
I came here for my 21st birthday and I can't say anything about the food but looking at the pictures on Yelp I would love to try it. When we got here the people letting us in were so nice and wished me a happy birthday. There is no charge to get in but you pay more for the drinks. My bf paid $17-18 per drink but its the city and this place is gorgeous. I had a lot of fun here and really enjoyed the atmosphere. We went upstairs to dance and the dance floor was not that big but you can also dance by the bar. It starts to get really hot because you're dancing but you can walk a few feet and there's a gorgeous rooftop view with couches and chandeliers. I was impressed by the music the DJ had on because even though you have the pop dance songs he had Red Chili Peppers and at one point a remix to California Dreamin which sounded amazing. I would come back to dance.
one  of those places where the decor and service out way the food. Will not go back.
What's got two thumbs and hates waiting in lines, paying cover, dealing with d-bag bouncers, and getting dry humped by random drunks in cramped bars? This guy. The Park is one of the only places in NYC where I can consistently guarantee that none of the above will ever, ever happen. First, it's so huge that it's actually overwhelming initially. After getting so used to perfecting my 'throw dem bows' technique to wade through crowds, I was at a loss once I entered and realized I could...actually...MOVE FREELY. There's a bar on the first floor near the front entrance that'll handle your basic beer/shot/well drink needs, and a TON of restaurant tables to crash at with your drinks and company. Proceed a bit further down and you'll find another bar serving specialty cocktails and draft beers with several booths to sit at. Look around and you'll find gorgeous lighting, fireplaces, and climbing vines adorning the walls, making the whole place feel like a sexy, heated outdoor garden. Walk up the winding stairs to the dance floor, where there's a THIRD bar waiting for you with a pretty decently sized space for dancing. The music is solid, and if you get cramped, there's an entire other half to this floor with more standing room, couches, and tables, and it's all housed within a glass framework that, again, gives the space a snazzy 'park' feel. They take their club title seriously. Only downside is that drinks can be a little pricey (I remember paying roughly $9 for a gin and tonic), though they're probably about standard for an NYC club. And considering you're not paying any cover like you would at every other similarly-designed place downtown, it's a fair trade. It's also a little out of the way on the west side, which doesn't make it easy to hop over somewhere else after. My suggestion is to make this a 2nd-stop destination, as this is more of an 'arrive at 12:30-1am and already slightly sauced' spot, so park your ass at The Park and have a great time!
My friends and I (a group of 5 girls) went here last night when it turns into a "club" and the whole experience was meh. There was a line to get into the upstairs section, which we waited in for 20 mins, only to get up there and see it was EMPTY. It was nice with lots of seating and tables, but there was no music and some groups of people were not even speaking. It was a silent room. Very strange. The main floor is definitely the best spot to be if you want to socialize and dance. The DJ was pretty good, but the crowd was not very diverse, older, and not very attractive. I won't be going back.
Cute place if you enjoy an indoor greenhouse/restaurant experience.  Food is OK but great for drinks and small eats.  Eclectic crowd but over crowded by college/grad people.
Nightlife review In this day and age, with so much fear, turmoil, and uncertainty present in the world, it's good to have a "go to" bar that will be your rock. For me, this bar is The Park. I've been coming here for a few years, and it really never dawned on me to write a review about this place...I just sort of assumed everyone knew how awesome it was. After taking a few of my friends here recently who apparently had never been, I felt it was my duty...no...my privilege, to share my views with the Yelp Universe as to why this establishment is so great. First of all, there's never a cover.  NYC bar and club microeconomics dictate that if you don't charge a cover, people will flock to the spot and it will get crowded. Yes, grasshopper, this is true...if the place weren't as big as a damn museum. Seriously, it's like they took 3 full sized lounges and combined them into one mega bar. It's easy to get lost if you come with a group - multiple bars, multiple dance areas, indoor, outdoor, whatever you like. Entrance area: As you enter the Park, you'll have a nice fireplace on the right (good to warm your hands after waiting in the cold too long), and a bar on the left that's almost always empty (good to warm your liver after being sober too long). Make a quick trip to the bathroom or coat check downstairs, and please proceed to the next room Main area: Another long bar, dark and sleek with candles providing the accent lighting, and a ton of people dancing to everything from EDM to reggaeton. Just the way I like it.  Kind of hard to get a drink here, so you're probably better off going back to the previous bar. Garden area: Maybe you don't want to dance right now. That's fine - just go outside to their outdoor (in the winter it's covered) patio area, complete with tables (no reservations , just grab one and sit), another bar (good if you wanna get shots), and close enough to the music that you can just chill here and not bother anyone. Upstairs: Maybe you want to dance but it's too crowded downstairs. Well by all means hike up the stairs and find yet another room, complete with a bar, DJ setup, dance floor, and a nice outdoor area with more couches (again no reservations needed). So what's the catch? - sometimes a pseudo-line will form outside. Not cool bro. The place is at least a million square feet. It is not packed to capacity. Just let us in. - Bathroom attendants. ugh - early night syndrome - don't expect to show up fashionably late here. Although it closes at 4 as most NYC bars do, this place stars clearing out well before then. Despite these minor blemishes, the Park is a really fun place to hang out and party, no matter how many birthdays I have attended there (or will attend in the future). Definitely one of my favorite spots in the city.
I wish I could give this place zero stars, or delete it completely from Yelp, and from NYC as well. I lived in NYC for 2.5 years and loved nearly every minute of it.  It's a fantastic city full of great food, great places, and great people. Nothing about "Park" meets that description. I went three times, once for lunch, unremarkable food, once for dinner, not tasty with *terrible* service, and once for a party for my friend where it took hours to get a drink and everyone acted as though everyone else was in their way.  What a miserable, pretentious place. If you want to experience bad food, a worse place, and some of the worst people in NYC, head to Park for the evening. I wish I could get those hours of my life back, but since I can't, hopefully I can save you from wasting yours.
I cant speak on the food.. but as far as the clubbing/dancing part.. this place is hit or miss and it all depends on the night you go. This is the place you wanna go if you have friends visiting NYC for their first time and are strapped on cash. I personally like the place (on saturdays) because its not a sausage fest, its free to get in, and its low key. Oh yeah, dress code is casual, but no sneakers.
The only reason to go to The Park is if the people you are with can't get into Avenue, but that doesn't mean that it can't be fun. Bring your own crowd, drink, eat, and step out into the night nearby for something cooler, if that's what you're into or looking for. If you want something supremely hassle-free then you have found your place.
Dinner gets 3 stars but the after dinner vibe was way too much for me. The food isn't too pricey and the menu is great. After Dinner They had security guards spread out like the Men in Black agents. People looked like they came drunk and were spilling drinks all over each other and nearly on me! I do love the decor though, the garden was my favorite, much quieter. I would love to see the brunch scene.
After reviewing La Caverna, how could I not review this place? For a short summer stint, I ended up here every other weekend. Guess you can call me mundane. Definitely very "Asian-centric" so for guys, if you have yellow fever you know the go to spot. No cover which is a plus in MePa. Strict door policy of 1:1 ratio of guys to girls. Also semi strict on dress code, they wouldn't let my friend in with dark sneakers yet when I went in, I saw people with white Converse... This place is very spacious, two floors nice decor although aging. Food is alright as well, but prepare to wait a long time to be served. Here's a trick, instead of waiting at the overcrowded bar upstairs, just get your drink downstairs and bring it up! The bartenders are much nicer on the first floor anyway.
I must say, I think this place is gorgeous. I sat in the garden which I thought was wonderful, and I dug the fact that there was a burning fireplace in the lounge area. With that said, I felt the food was a biiiit overpriced for what you get. I ordered the salmon expecting to have a small side at the very least, but all that came was a small portion of the fish. Not the best I've had either. In addition, my friend ordered shrimp and literally only 3 fried shrimps were served. However, the drinks are pretty good (and strong) for the price. This is a good place to chill with some friends after work. Perhaps I'll come back and try the pizza one of these days.
I went here for a birthday party and it was okay. The place is HUGE. A lot of birthdays and people. It's a young scene with a bar/club feel to it. (apparently there's a club in there) It's really spacey but I didn't think the food was that great. We all shared and ordered a couple of entrees. I just remember their salmon being the best. The others were a-ok. Not much to say about this place except it's great for large parties. The music is loud and pumpin so if you're out to celebrate or have a good time this place is recommended!
Been here a few times for drinks. On weekend nights they open the second floor for dancing, with no cover. The drinks can be pricey, but it a pretty decent spot for a fun time. It was crowded, but not overly crowded. Also been to the down stairs seated bar on a week day night, which is very nice. It's a great spot to grab drinks for a date, and it wasn't too crowded.
Good location, cause it's in the heart of meatpacking Good venue, but like most of places in the area it's over-priced drinks and chicks that look better and better with every sip of that $14 gin and tonic you take. Your money is best spent somewhere else..
I want to go here again. Granted, it was beautiful weather, i sat outside under the awnings and it was early afternoon with my husband so i might be biased. Ordered the 10 buck mojitos (good tasting but a little small for a mojito) and tap water. the Bread and oil that came to start was good and moist- nothing incredible but, hey, everyone gets it so it was a good starter for something that isnt personalized. Then we went on to split the margarita pizza and park burger.  First, the pizza.  FRESH mozzarella cheese with great sauce and some basil- classic thin crust and served on a wood oven plate was fantastic.  The burger, although smaller than most places but probably appropriately proportioned, was served with cheese, lettuce and tomatoes and fresh red onion. Also, served on an ENGLISH MUFFIN which blew my mind as i HATE english muffins.  I am close to trying this at home (as i dont like purchasing burger buns and having four leftover that i wont use at all).  It was just enough salt and didnt get as soggy as usual burger buns so often do.   the fires with the burger were cooked with rosemary and tasted fantastic - thin cut and salty, just the way i like them. all in all i thought it was great and east for a late afternoon drink and snack.  Its so close to work, I'm sure ill be back there again soon.
Absolutely love this place ! Its got something for everyone .... the ambience is great .... has a theme of a park ..... with lights on the trees .... its got 2 floors ..... the bottom floor has a outdoor seating and a bar ..... so if you are in the mood to grab a drink and just get some fresh air you could do that or stand at the bar which has great music ..... Drinks are reasonably priced .... about 12 bucks ..... And the second floor is where everyone dances ...... But get here before 11 30 to avoid the line !
If there wasn't a Highline there would be no need for The Park.  The Park is convenient to the Highline which is well worth a walk on probably any kind of day in NYC.  But you can skip a visit to The Park.  The Sunday Brunch menu is unimaginative.  In fact so much so it was touch to figure out what to get.  Eggs or a burger.  I got the tuna nicoise salad with a poached egg.  The salad came with the tuna at the bottom of the bowl.  Who does that!  And no poached egg.  I had to wait for that.  No ketchup for the burger my guest ordered.  Had to wait for that.  Service is terrible--a 20 minute wait became a 10 minute wait 20 minutes later.  30 minutes later we had a nice booth near a window--but the dirty bread plates from the last diners were still stacked on the back of the booth--we now surmise because no one came to clear them when the meal was served.  All in all an unpleasant brunch experience.  Nothing to recommend another try either.
This place was not my cup of tea. I probably would have been better off at a regular bar doing regular things and listening to regular music.
Awesome brunch spot! Weather was great, sat outside...really cute patio area. Their banana bread appetizer is amazing. We had to ask for another loaf it was so good. The rest of the food was really good too and the drinks were good, albeit expensive. All in all, loved it and will definitely come back
Came here multiple times over the years, only for drinks and nightlife. Love that this place is huge with quarters for different purposes. Place for dining indoors and in the "outdoor" garden area, small room with fireplace in the back, dark wood bar/lounge downstair, upstair bar and lounge area, as well as the upstairs terrace. Prices are average for this place since its a bit trendy. Love that it has no cover! Everytime i come here, i have a blast minus one incident.
I was very pleasantly surprised but the salmon entree was truly delicious. We had a quick meal with no apps or desert.
After taking the trip on the train and walking a few blocks we arrived at the Park.....  Very nice place to hang out w/ friends and chat or hit the dance floor...  very spacious environment ... with some attractive men on staff...The outdoor patio is nice but not actually outdoors....  It has a few trees and plenty of windows... YOu look up and se that you are indoors... The drinks were a bit overpriced for the size of glass...  i had a tequilla sunsrise and a few malibu baybreezes at   $11 a pop....   overall a nice place with good music...
Found myself on the windy West Side last weekend for a birthday brunch with several friends. And although I considered a 3 here, our great waiter bumps this review to a 4. We were a party of 11, so they gave us the large party brunch menu. I'm none too much a fan of this practice (I want what I want!), but there were several items on this menu that I wanted, so I wasn't terribly upset. Also, our waiter allowed us to stray a bit. The Bloody Mary was nothing to write home about, but I was pleased enough. Just sort of a shoulder shrug cocktail. I had pancakes--crispy around the edges and just slightly undercooked in the middle, which totally works for me. I'm told per the menu that they came with an orange mascarpone marmalade, but aside from the tiny slather of some tasteless white cream (no jokes, now...) on my top pancake, I'm offered no evidence to that as fact. Which is a shame because I was looking forward to it. What I wish I'd gotten was the breakfast pizza. Cheese, eggs over-easy and bacon on a crispy pizza crust, served fresh out of the oven? Hello, heaven. My new favorite friend Megan was kind enough to share a piece. Despite our being a large party, our waiter nailed our orders, kept the drinks coming and our water filled, and was a master at handling our combo of cards and cash when it came time to close out.
Bad....  This place has potential but it just never seems to fulfill.  Music is always mediocre and drinks are just ok.  Nothing special here and there are too many options in nyc to settle!
E (booker): 3.5 stars Booked a large party on a week night. The Park was very accommodating, however we had to have the "large party menu." Drinks and starters were fantastic, entrees were so-so. Probably would have been better if it hadn't been so busy in the restaurant. We only had one server, probably should had another server or someone helping out as drinks took a long time to come out. Asparagus and beet salads were amazing. Spinach was way too salty, and spaghetti squash pizza...eh. Cold and eh. Overall it was a good location for a large amount of people as there was plenty of space and food options for everyone. The end. M: 3.5 stars We called around a week before we needed to make a reservation for a group of 23 people. First of all, who knew that it was so hard to accommodate that many people who want to throw money at your restaurant? The boss' boss' boss' boss told our department to go have dinner on their dime. Their was no limit! Anyways. So a large group, though I thought was fairly manageable, but I guess not. We called around - either we were too late or we could only have a pre fixed menu where you can only choose between like three items per course. Lame. So big plus on "The Park" for still having a menu with choices, albeit trimmed down from their main menu. Everything E said was true. The appetizers (small plates) were great - we had all but two of the apps and two of each. That was like 12 apps and we devoured all of it (by we, I mean our semi-split table of ten). We had the mozz, steak salad, asparagus salad, beet salad, crab cakes, and octopus with watermelon. Split pea was the only one that was not so great. The entrees and sides...the gnochhi was good, pizza was cold, fries were average, snow peas were a little overcooked and they didn't unstring them (you know what I mean?), spinach was really salty. Corn looked like a sad grey mash, but tasted better than it looked. The complimentary bread had rosemary in it, pretty great. The burger looked average. It was pretty much a consensus among the table that the cocktails were great (and strong), as well as the appetizers, but the entrees really fell short. Which was kind of a bummer to end the night like that, especially since everything else was going so well. The ambiance is beautiful - we were in the atrium with trees and birds. A little hot being summer and all, and fans only instead of AC, but I loved it there. The service was pretty slow. Understandably we're a large party, but why no extra help? They were pretty attentive with the water refills until halfway through our time there. I wouldn't mind going back as a group, but will probably be sticking with the small plates.
The ambiance is perfect for a nice dinner with family or friends. I took my parents who were visiting, and it was perfect to walk the highline and then enjoy the tree-filled room for dinner. Everything I ate was yummy, and I have to say I'm a fan of the Southern Belle cocktail. Our waiter was perfectly attentive and quickly dealt with my lipstick-stained glass (Ew!). Allover a very pleasant experience! The only disappointing factor was that the roof didn't open until midnight, which I found quite strange. I think there may have been a private party.
Ambiance: 4/5 Service: 3/5 Food: 1.5/5 Came by for a surprise birthday dinner for my friend. Stepping into the location, it looked great.  Bar on the right, restaurant on the left.  After a quick 15 minute wait, we were led into the seating area on the left.  My initial reaction was mixed.  First off, this place has trees growing all about so it looked like we were eating in a little hidden garden/jungle.  It looked great. And then they led us to the table right BY THE GIANT OPEN DOORS! They knew this was a surprise and they sat us right by the open area the bday boy would have to walk by.  Then we sit down and the idea of putting trees all around seems stupid when we notice the birds flying about and the bird crap all over the table.  Aside from all that, service was attentive and friendly. Now we come to the food.  I'll make this short and simple. Rosemary Fries - subpar.  Fries were ok with a slight rosemary flavor.  It was melded well.  (Go to The Spotted Pig for the best rosemary shoestring fries). Prosciutto & Arugula Pizza - Best thing of the night even though the prosciutto could have been much betterl. Chicken, Red Pepper, Onion, and Pesto Pizza - Again, all the ingredients were there, but the flavors were not blended well. Sopressata, Heirloom Tomato, and Goat Cheese - I selected this for the heirloom tomatoes and was so excited for them.  they delivered this to my with SUNDRIED tomatoes!! wtf! even the waitress with whom i voiced my concern commented that the new chefs were not doing well.   Chef Burger - The blue cheese was aged to the point that it wasnt suitable for this burger.  As my friend states "tastes like FEET"
Cocktails, deserts and atmosphere are great! Loved the smores and the coconut cream crepe
I'm so disappointed!! I really wanted to like this place!! We live right around the corner and had been meaning to try this place for the longest time... we were drawn by the gorgeous garden room and decent prices.  Unfortunately, that was the extent of the greatness of this place. We made reservations and took friends here on Saturday night before a show. We were seated right away, but did not receive service for 30+ minutes. We didn't even have water or enough plates or glasses at our table. Finally, I flagged down a hostess passing by and asked for some water, and she rudely walked away. We saw her fighting with someone in the back and pointing at us. About 10 minutes later, a flustered waiter finally came by and apologized, saying he didn't know we were his table. Apparently he had forgotten the table of 8 next to us as well. This meant that he was trying to take 12 drink orders from 2 different tables. He brought us water but ran away before we could order cocktails, he forgot to bring the additional cup and place setting, and when he finally did return to take the drink orders he said that it would be awhile for the drinks because he just put 15 drink orders in (because he forgot the table next to us). It was a bad start, but we were willing to keep an open mind since it was an accident. Unfortunately, service was bad throughout the process.  We did receive our food quickly (before the drinks eventually came out), but the burger we ordered was so underdone it couldn't even be considered rare. The pizzas were good (goat cheese pizza and italian sausage pizza). It took another 15-20 minutes for them to bring the re-cooked  burger back out, and during that time we saw another lady nearby send back her burger. When our friend got her drink (she ordered some jalapeno drink) she mentioned that it was really spicy. At that point we had to pass it around the table, and we were all shocked. It was pretty much un-drinkable. It burned your mouth as soon as you took a sip and continued to keep it numb and tingly for 10 minutes after each sip. WAY too much jalapeno, even coming from the spicy-food lovers. We finally got through our meal and got our check. I was a little disappointed they made no attempt to make up for their mistakes (we were still charged full price for everything, including the burger that wasn't done), but the tipping point was when the manager stopped by later to return the check and asked how our experience was. We were honest and said we had some problems, and explained our experience. He literally laughed in our face at all our complaints, and in the end said 'Well I hope overall it was an okay experience' then walked away!!! We were so embarrassed to have taken our friends to this place, and we wanted to love it. Throughout the evening we were saying how we were going to give it another chance, maybe on a weeknight when it's not quite so busy, but after we left and talked about it, we realized that was one of the worst restaurant experiences we've ever had. Not sure if I'll ever be back, and I DEFINITELY won't be bringing friends.
Went here for a birthday party after-party. I was between a 3.5 or 4, but since we didn't have any food - I went to the lower end until proven otherwise. Drinks were a good size and not obnoxiously strong but not infant weak. Very tasty and lots of options. As unappealing as this place looks from the outside, the inside and rooftop makes up for it. Each room is decorated with style and there is MORE than enough room to spread out with your party. The music was also very very enjoyable (a mix of 90s, oldies, dance, and some hip hop). The rooftop is on the smaller side but still enough standing/seated room to enjoy. It's also covered so rain or shine, it's a nice breath of fresh air ;)
Pretty good spot. this place has a great atmosphere - especailly if you sit outside. Its very euphoric and relaxing - lots of trees. They do a good job of making you feel like you arent in new york. Would be a good place to get together with a group of friends - or for something more romantic. the food is pretty good - nothing that will blow you away, but fresh and good. The service is decent and the price point is commensurate with the area.
My first time here, nice selection of small plates, good beer selection, but the main attraction for me is the architecture and the way the former industrial building was transformed into a great space for eating and drinking.
It's never easy deciding where to eat when he wants pizza and you don't. We'd just come down off The Highline with an appetite and finally settled on The Park. The host asked us if we wanted inside or garden seating and I said it depends on how warm it is out there. She said very and I said, we'll take it. Once we were seated I understood why it's called The Park. The restaurant is already big, cavernous even, and when you add this great patio that's basically a wildlife refuge, well. Very high ceilings with ways the birds can obviously get in because they're chirping everywhere, invisible in the trees but pecking on the floor beneath you. So, the best parts of the garden patio were not only trees and wildlife activity all around you, but also the fact that the place was heated so well. I refrain from saying too much so because it takes a lot for me to become overheated and this made me very happy. I didn't want to leave There were a few distractions. One was the constantly falling leaves in your food and the other was the server trying persistently to sell me a drink. It was annoying and it was pissing me off to the point of telling him to knock it off. I had a bite of the pizza, a thin crusted variety with cheese and spaghetti squash. It was unusual but it was good. I had the seared tuna nicoise and I must say, it was awesome. Way more than I expected both in volume and tastiness. Seared tuna with a variety of greens, mini potatoes, olives... man it was good! Without going into great detail, it was a very cool bathroom. The journey almost quaint. You just have to see it for yourself. Be sure to look at the door inside the stall :)
Fun night messing around with all ages of NY nightlife locals. The drinks were decent, I was trying to stay sober after the sangria at Tony's =P.The music was good and so was the space.  When I have the chance, I'll come back.
Lesson Learned : "If it is a lounge first then it is not a good restaurant" - wise man named Adam My Review as a RESTAURANT: Pros - Really gorgeous inside, beautiful bar, fireplace, lots of areas to lounge. Cons - 1. Not good service for large parties at all 2. Very slow service 3. The waitress forgot to ask for some of our beverage orders 4. The waitress forgot to bring out some dessert orders 5. The waitress tried to explain that our large party had a minimized menu because due to the "size of the kitchen" yet the restaurant was humungous so no Pizza or Burgers or Cheese Platters and many other things offered on their published online menu 6. They mixed two peoples steak preference (med/medium well) 7. She gave us not ONE but FOUR empty bottles or steak sauce and ONE empty bottle of mustard 8. No table water or beverage service WHATSOEVER after you order appetizers 9. The manager / matrede was nonexistent and didnt check up on us besides walk over to our table and look at us 10. The food was OKAY - nothing special I expected and we deserved better service and food quality Would not recomend for dinner Looks like brunch is way overpriced Would not go back - many better places in Manhattan My Review as a LOUNGE: Pros - Really gorgeous inside, beautiful bar, fireplace, lots of areas to lounge. Cons - not good enough to go back to lounge. M.
BRUNCH:  Coffee was awful (low-grade deli coffee) and the food was "meh." Bland and interesting. I had the "tingo" benedict and was very disappointed. No where on the menu did it say it was spicy and had salsa on it and the potatoes were cold. The dill sauce was bland and the whole entree was tasteless. My date's dish of the omelet was equally as tasteless. The only thing this place has ambiance and cool trees on the inside. So come by for french toast or something else sweet, but be prepared to be disappointed with all of the other dishes.
I want to like the Park... but tonight's experience killed it (2/12/13 - for management to know)..  The atmosphere and drinks are good as usual, - I really respect them for having ginger beer for dark n' stormy's. But tonight... the music was ABSYML.  This DJ is the worst I've ever heard in my life.  Whoever played tonight should be blacklisted from playing shows.  This guy's DJ Skills in a nutshell : Ipod on shuffle.  How are you gonna play some poppin bill bev devoe, and then goto sweet home alabama? HOW I ASK YOU HOWW  And they even mashed up Epic with Gangnam style... terrible The music really killed the night for us.
save me!!! Weak/expensive drinks and ill-mannered Asian boys....I will never come back.
One of my go-to lounges whenever I'm at Meatpacking. The space is beautifully decorated and extremely spacious. There is plenty of room to dance, sit, stand at the wall, stand at the bar, walk around, etc. Pretty much NOT your average sweaty dump where nobody can move around and you can't breathe. The 2nd floor here is especially lovely because when the weather is warm, they open up the outside area so it's a roof-toppy feel. Drinks are moderately priced, but cover is free and there's normally no line to get in.
It gets too crowded!
The place is spacious and airy with a nice set up in the garden and main dining room. The food was as expected for the price - nothing extraordinary. I had potato pancakes that are served on a hot pan with long handle that kept burning the inside of my arm every time I tried reaching for something, which was quite a lot as I was with my kids. They were good, but in no way compensated for the burn I'm now sporting. Our waitress was not accommodating at all when we asked for a possibility of a grilled chicken outside the casear salad.  All and all average experience. However, due to its location we will most likely be back.
I've only been here after dining hours so I can only review the venue as a "bar/lounge"-- Overall, this has been a pretty popular place; since even prior to my visits/move to the city, I've been to this place countless times-- and always because friends or something or another was being thrown here (mostly private).  Drinks are moderately priced, but the bar can become crowded.  Meeting up with friends might be a little challenging upon arrival since it tends to open up into an even bigger venue in the summertime.   Also, a caution to the gentlemen-- during peak times the bouncer requests each groups ratio of men:women to be at least 1:1.  Dress code also can be a little stiffer here than at other places.
The Park was our next and last stop for a Saturday night with a very large group of friends, both visiting from California and resident New Yorkers. We had just come from a dinner at Gyu-Kaku and were looking for a place to grab a few drinks and even possibly hit the dance floor.  Some of the recommendations that we got from the resident experts were Hiro, Lavo, Avenue, amongst other places (I haven't been to any of these) but we ended up at The Park. Fortunately there was no line and no cover, pretty nice for a Saturday night.  My immediate first impression was that the space was quite large with a very spacious outdoor foyer area and tables to sit and hang out.  There seemed to be a bar at every corner as well. I was expecting to run into huge crowds but it was actually not too bad when we got there.  The main dining room area on the first floor reminded me of a saloon type of place (similar to The Parlor in SF).  There were plenty of booths and tables to sit and hang out in. Going up the stairs to the second floor, there's another large area with a full bar and another outdoor patio area as well.  Every time I entered a new room, I kept thinking to myself this place never ends. The crowd itself is pretty diverse and it actually got pretty crowded later in the night, especially on the second floor.  I think I spent most of my time enjoying my drink in the outdoor foyer area downstairs.  I really like the decor there with the sprawling vines growing along the huge brick walls.  There's also a small bar here with no wait. The ambiance reminded me of Bubble Lounge in SF with the dim lighting and loungey feel (but without the cavernous dungeon for a dance floor).  Overall, we had a pretty good time here but then again its hard to miss with good company and good drinks.
I thought the atmosphere is good and my wife loved the sangria.  It wasn't very busy on the Friday we went, so I was a little disappointed. I was expecting more of a club scene upstairs, but I guess it depends on the night you go.  The bartender was cool and was attentive to getting our drinks.  I don't think I would go back only because there are so many other places to try out.
