I refuse to call bartenders mixologists.   Anyway, this lounge is great for people who want to sip a well made cocktail in a classy, chill, environment while enjoying conversation with your date or small group. I don't expect to find a "scene", lively music, or to be entertained by a cocktail lounge.  I show up with the idea that this place will provide a very nice environment to enjoy 1 maybe 2 rounds of well made cocktails.  And considering what's going on just 1 block up on Bleeker, this place is an oasis for the area.  Using this criteria, it gets 5 from me. I appreciate the little things that Pegu does (syrups, infusions, garnishes, different ice shapes depending on the drink)  It's a good date spot for conversation and it's usually easy to get a place to sit with no wait.
Eh, another New York club with too much attitude. Came here fairly early on a weekend night. Bouncer wouldn't let us in, made us wait for a while our in the cold. We were just 2 girls and there were people leaving. When we finally got in it was pretty empty. I think they just do that so people feel like they are important for being let in. Pretty stupid. The drinks were expensive and the place was nothing special.
Came here for a friends birthday the other day. It does have a decent list of drinks, and if you are in a big party, its nice to have the big tables. I liked the actual place, it had decent ambiance, the issue I had was more to do with the prices, the lack of A/C, and the lack of service. Each drink was $14, and while they are tasty drinks, I don't think they are worth that (especially being in BK and having Clover Club, Sample, Dick & Janes, or even Summit Bar in NYC with the same drinks for cheaper). Now high prices I expected going into this place, so that wasnt the real issue. It was a hot summer day and it was sweltering in there...everyone in my party was sweating and the alcohol didnt help. It was actually a relief to go outside because it was cooler out there. If i'm paying $14/drink and I'm with a group of 11, you better have the A/C on, esp. in the heat of summer when the place has a lot of people there. Then the shitty service, this place probably could have made 3x the money off my party if there was some service. When we first sat down, we waited over 20 min just to get a waitress to take our order. When we did order drinks, they took forever to come (granted each drink takes some time to make, but this isnt conducive for birthday party). To top it off, our waitress took it upon herself to order drinks which none of us ordered (for example I was the only one drinking a Gin Mule, and she brought a 2nd one out while I was still drinking my 1st one). I drank it anyways, but they shouldnt jus assume you want a drink and order it. Overall, the place was hot, expensive, and for a party of our size I would have expected better service. It was nice to try, but the drink list isnt nearly as expansive as my regular haunts and because of the service and price, I wont be back
I'm convinced that if Captain Jean-Luc Picard from Star Trek ordered "tea. early grey. hot" and instead received an earl grey marTEAni as served at Pegu Club, the bridge of the Enterprise would be a rather happenin' place. I like earl grey tea so was left with no choice but to order this creation at Pegu. Yes, there was a warning about egg whites and illness risks but damn the martini glasses, I wanted it. The key is Earl Grey infused gin as that makes the drink. And make it they do. The mixologists at Pegu are worthy of that name, supporting a menu of classic cocktails and presenting their thoughtful handiwork for me to enjoy. The space is located on a second floor walk up where you are transported to a British colonial outpost in Burma theme. Or so the website claims and fortunately there aren't any gruesome signs of British imperialism, just an exotic look of comfortable couches, plush pillows and a bar commanding attention and respect. This is the kind of spot where you can actually have a conversation as opposed to a maddened frenzy of drunken banter resulting in frat boy antics. In other words, it's a spot for appreciation of the cocktail, good conversation and relaxation. In addition to the marTEAni, I tried a Ramos Fizz also known as a New Orleans Fizz, dating back to 1888. If liquid joy existed, this was its vessel. Pegu also provides a glass of water, without asking, and on a day as hot as yesterday , it was much needed. A dehydrated customer is not a happy customer. One word of advice- the bathroom door slides. No pull, no push, just slide. There's a menu of small plates, of which we sampled the duck bites and deviled eggs with salmon. The duck bites were disappointing and too salty. Deviled eggs with salmon were a great selection, light and adding much needed sustenance to further the drink. But the main attraction is obviously the cocktail menu so the small bites were by no means a deal breaker. I like this club and can easily see myself being a regular member.
This is one of the better cocktail bars I've been to in New York.  It's lush, dark, and very old world.  The prices are on par with the expensive cocktail bars in the city, but the bartenders know what they're doing and the ambiance is worth it.  Good place for a pre- or post-dinner cocktail.
Loved the drinks here! Great tasting and pretty presentation. Came here on a date and we were able to sit comfortably on a couch/lounge and have privacy. Love the dim lighting...definitely creates a chic ambiance. Definitely want to come back!
Came here on a Saturday night, and arrived very early after dinner around 8:30pm - there were a few tables filled but very quiet - and they were playing some great jazz music.. ambience was fantastic i had the punch cocktail which tasted just like punch.. loved it.. we all then tried a drink that came with imported cherries from i think italy or france?? my friends raved on the cherries and asked the waitress for more and she kindly obliged they have some cute tapas as well - but nothing to write home about what i hated was that around 10:30 - as the crowds began to come in, they changed the music into more of a "bump bump bump" music that you hear at all bars.. and it was loud so you couldn't sit on the comfy couches and talk anymore but i would start my night off at pegu
This is the place I kept going back and tried all the cocktails in the menu and more(?).. And trust me, out of all you-call-and-find-me-or-go-somewhere-else speakeasy-ishes I've been (Little Branch, M&H, PDT, Mayhuel, Raines Law, Flatiron, Apotek and etc etc etc).. even though Pegu Club isn't quite one of speakeasies, it is the one place where I never had a hit-or-miss drinks with constantly developing new drink menus. Fresh Ingredients, beautiful presentations & the most well balanced drinks of all. Maybe that's why I stay at the bar like alcoholics in this place. ;+ errrrrrrrr....... But there are more to this place that makes me always have good time without much shh-shh requirement. Pegu uniquely offers a variety of solutions to swing your mood quite instantly - how? read the below. When you feel your life is too boring, start with 'Pisco Punch' for some bitter-sweet punch. If that is not sweet enough, try 'French Pearl' made with Ansinthe & rock candy syrup. Well, If that's too sweet for you, try "Jamaican firefly to add some bitterness with Dark Rum Now, If that's too bitter, try Gin-Gin-Mule to add some fresh mint sourness. And, If all of the above is not adventurous enough and now you feel like killing Bill, try 'Kill Devil' to knock the bad in you with this strong masculine drink......... Then,   if you still feel that the drinks aren't enough, watch Kenta making some cocktails, the You Tube video flaunting mixologist is a hard shaker. Though, he is one shy star with one hell of killer smile. Finally, if you feel that there is not enough love in this world, sit at the bar and order drinks to be served by the bartender with hundreds of "Love Love Love" written all over his neck tie. Why do I keep going back even I tried all the cocktails in the menu? Because I want to steal the "Pegu Cocktail Bible" at the bar shelves. Are you with me? P.S. Those bartenders know how to treat customers.. also you can be a taster for their new and spontaneous drink inventions - so stay at the bar.
This is a great place for a group if you want to go with lots of friends and not have to wait forever.  I went in a group of 8 on a Friday night for post-dinner drinks.  We were seated at a large round table where everyone could see and hear each other easily.  I liked that it was a lounge but not ridiculously loud to the point where conversations can't be had.  Our group was able to relax after the trek (in heels for the girls) from the east side.  My favorite was the Jamaican Firefly, which I ordered, for its spicy ginger.  The best part, though, was being able to sip a little bit of everyone else's drinks and experiencing the variety.  Most of the other patrons were in groups of twos and threes.  I would definitely recommend Pegu for anyone looking for a comfy spot to chat for a bit and drink something smooth at the same time.  Then, if you're craving some dessert, you can always pop on over next door to the Emack & Bolio's for some of the best cones in this city!
I'm going to do my best to emulate Pegu Club by keeping it simple. The drinks aren't cheap, but they are carefully crafted from high-quality elements. My favorites were the Gin-Gin Mule (gin, homemade ginger beer, mint and fresh lime juice) and the Whiskey Smash (whiskey, muddled lemons and mint, and simple syrup). I had a sip of the Tantris Sidecar that my girlfriend ordered, and it was perfectly executed. The vibe was upscale without being pretentious, perfect for casual and intimate conversation with my date without having to shout over music or other people. I actually wondered for a moment if we were in the right place as we walked up the stairs to the club since it was so quiet. I don't mind that one bit, since one of my versions of Hell involves some sort of Night at the Roxbury-style club and bro-dudes pounding Jägerbombs. We were there soon after it opened, so I can't speak to what it's like as the night goes on. Pegu Club isn't cheap, but it's damn good.
No fuss at this club. My group and I were looking for a no-hassle lounge where we didn't have to scream at each other to talk but could still get a good cocktail and listen to music. This place was it. Not too crowded and I loved the cocktail options.
Love love love the Pegu Club.  This place is everything a good cocktail lounge should be.  Jazz music playing in the background that is not too loud nor too soft.  Very cool decor.  We went on a Saturday night for pre-dinner drinks around 7pm and surprisingly enough it was not crowded as we both had expected!  I saw the pictures on Yelp and knew that I wanted that awesome looking light green refreshing martini? with a lime.  Showed it to the waitress and she said it was the Pisco Punch, which I went with, and I am so glad I did! I could drink a pitcher of them they were so good. Light, refreshing, and strong.  She suggested the mojito too but that has too much sugar for me.  The Pisco Punch was where it was at.  Of course though I had to try thr Pegu Cocktail which was good, but a different flavor palate.  It was more tart, and boozy, def. did not go down as easy. But hey, I am not complaining. Will return for sure!
Yikes. Whoever said "this place is money" was absolutely right. The cocktails taste great, but I don't feel the need to impress anyone enough to drop $12 on every drink. They do make their own ginger beer--that only costs $8 a glass. They've put a lot of effort into making the place look swanky, but again that kind of image isn't enough to make me throw money away. I recommend one trip here--buy a single drink and then study the menu. Steal their cocktail ideas and go home, experiment and make them yourself. You'll save a ton of money, avoid the stuffy atmosphere, and impress your guests with your creative mixology. Charge me a ton for your drinks, and I'll feel shabby for a day; teach me to make your drinks, and I'll feel cool for a lifetime...
For whatever the reason its been almost 1 year since we went last time and after coming back already twice within 3 weeks I realize that the chances for any other to become as favorite are not high at this moment. And I know quite a bit of the same kind. Even when to count my check-ins here I think I would need more than 2 hands and it's been almost 2 years since my first visit, Pegu doesn't seems to get old neither lose excitement since the very first moment after your step in. There is a character in all things Pegu. For instance, the inviting ambiance. Open to any situation; from friends together, to couples together, to couples in progress. Given by the amber light, the candles and the colonial style, exotic somehow but classic by another hand like a gentleman-British club. Remember? is not casual to be named Pegu as its inspired by the story of the "same" British Colonial Officers club at Burma back in the 19th Century. My preference is always at the bar and if you want a reason I'll will provide you one. Just wait for a minute. And talking about the bar. A crucial contribution to Pegu's character is given by the baristas. They are not willing to easily chat at first, but just moving fast and methodically until your request is being created and served at the glass. They know we look. They know they do it well .. pride is not a bad thing after all and they can be certainly proud of what they do. Once the barrier is broken the friendship seems to last forever. This is an interactive character and Pegu's public is also part of what Pegu is. We can be noisy, we can be maybe too many but somehow is handle not to feel crowded, neither rush, neither and endless waiting time for your drink to be served. How this happen? I can't tell. Pegu's has his own secrets and I don't really wanna know. Its better in that way. Like with magic. And talking about that ... once the "love-love-love-tie" barista sprinkled some kind of powder over a white-wine-resembling drink and made it instantly sparkling and bubbly like champagne. Another time, our other favorite barista suddenly flamed a lemon peel to enhance the citrus scent in my drink creating a micro-explosion. Trust me. It happened. You see? its all about alchemy. The major contribution at Pegu's character is obviously given by the drinks. While the menu incorporate new drinks seasonally (attention, the summer version is been loaded today) there is some classics that are always there and will always be winners, I'm talking about Jamaican Firefly, Pisco punch, French pearl, Gin Gin mule ..  my favorite? let me keep my own secrets too. However, I got recently something that I never had before: Far East. I wouldn't be surprise to find it in a place like B-Flat, The Japanese speakeasy at Tribeca .. got it now? a sake festival with Pegu's character that somehow has always a sweet hint. I think that's the fingerprint in their drinks. But you better don't be trick by the sweetness. Those are the ones who catch you by surprise. A couple of times I just went with barista's inspiration. You know, bartender choice is always an option, And you know what? last time he couldn't select ingredients that I dislike more: Peppermint and Bourbon. Really?  if that is what I'm inspiring to him, certainly he doesn't know me at all I would think. Well, wrong thought as I loved the combination. By the way, its now part of their summer menu. And I have order it again. It's Pegu perfect? well, is not. I wish I wouldn't have to confront the guy at the door once and deal with hostesses attitude more than once. That's mainly the reason for me to avoid the tables and seating at the bar. Nevertheless, it was always repaired by someone else. It may not happen to you but you will also notice how the tables area is a lot louder and talking with the person across the table requires quite and effort. Let me finish saying that I would highly recommend you to take a look to their web site ... and open your ears. Because I think you could be enchanted since then. peguclub.com/flash/index…
I went here with a few friends for birthday drinks and everything was great!  The cocktails are delicious and inventive.  The decor and space are very nice and give an intimate, upscale feel.  Since we were a group of 8 we reserved a table, but I would definitely like to go back and sit at the bar to get the full experience.
I think that Pegu Club is my favorite bar in NYC. This is a mixology bar, so prepare to wait for your drink and prepare to spend a little more for drinks. But it's definitely worth the wait. And it's definitely worth the money. The atmosphere is dark and intimate, with plenty of small tables and an impressive bar. The bartenders are all friendly and knowledgeable. My favorite drink here is the Whiskey Smash. I love whiskey, so this drink definitely hit the spot. Perfect amount of sweetness and the whiskey wasn't overpowering. My second favorite is the Earl Grey Martini. Very strong earl grey flavor which works perfectly with the sweetness in the drink. Every time I visit NYC, I always make it a mission to stop by Pegu Club, even if it's for just one drink.
My friend and I were so lucky to get a seat right away here. Maybe it was because we came on a Tuesday night. Very romantic ambiance so it's a perfect place for date night or a low-key girl's night out! For drinks, we tried their Earl grey marTEAnis, which were delicious! For food, we tried their scallop sliders and the squid. The squid was just ok as it didn't have too much flavor but the scallop sliders were amazing! Would definitely recommend this place and can't wait to go back.
the drinks are the most amazing things you've ever seen and pretty delicious but unbelievably over prices. very dark as well.
5 stars for being an awesome date spot especially on an off night and for having great drinks with skilled bartenders. As for the drinks I had the gin gin mule it's a great refreshing summer drink. Next was the autumnal Martinez. More on the bitter end. It was a birthday so we had some chocolate cake and this drinks pairs perfectly with chocolate dessert. If you go on a cold night you can't go wrong with a hot toddy. So soothing. I can't wait to go back and try some more tasty beverages
I love lounges that are chill and serve imaginative cocktails. I instantly liked Pegu Club as I walked in. My friend and I each got two drinks, and we liked them all. They had both classic cocktails and their own inventions. The decor was lovely.
The drinks here are delicious (I had a Jamaican Firefly, which has ginger beer, dark rum, and lime juice in it - and all of my friends drinks were fantastic too). I can't vouch for the food, as we didn't have any, but it was a chill place to grab drinks with some good friends on a Thursday night. Definitely recommended if you want to impress a small group of friends/a date.
I've been to Pegu Club a few times and have to say that your experience there will depend largely on a few factors: Time:  If you go on a weekend night, they will be busy.  At that point you can hang out near the bar and deal with the crowds, or try to get a table.  Even on a busy night, a table and the excellent waitstaff makes the place seem a lot less busy than it is.  If you go on a weekday (or stay late enough on a weekend), you can sit at the bar and watch them make drinks, chat with the bartenders, etc., or choose to get a table and be more secluded with the other people in your group. Drinks: The drinks menu is excellent, but don't be afraid to go off of it.  They can make many drinks here, and bartenders are often happy to make you a personal favorite (there's a brit there who makes a marvelous Treacle, by the way), convert you to a fan of an unliked liquor, or make something you would like to try -- if they don't know it off the top of their head, they do have a very nice selection of books to consult to find the recipe you are thinking of. They have a very good beer list, but really, there are better places to go for a beer, this is a place for mixed drinks. Their food is also good and if you're already having a few drinks, won't tack on that much to your bill.
Yuck. Really how long can it take to make a drink?  Service was poor and slow. Drinks were interesting, but not anything really great. Atmosphere was too dark, overly pretentious (just like their website). Music and cliental seemed boring. Our stop in was on a Thursday night around 9:30p
Pegu has now become a standard go to on Houston St - had to update as we went on Saturday night and have now added there own twist on condiments - a neat little group of four eye dropper bottles with lemon juice, lime juice, bitters, and . .. .well, can't remember the other one, but that's probably because I am addicted to anything with lime and lemon juice and it was all I focused on when it came to adding things to my (already delicious) cocktail.
I like the concept and the atmosphere, as shown on the website and described below. Good cocktails, with something I've not seen - a little caddy of droppers of sugar, bitters, etc. to tweak your drink to your own taste. Well, then there was the food. Bad scallops. BAD scallops. I'm not supposed to smell em from across the room.
Pegu Club proved to be the perfect culmination of a Bon Voyage party.  I liked the swank decor with touches of flowers. It was fairly crowded when we entered, but we were able squeeze into a spot at the bar and got a table eventually.  The bartender was really on his game--two of my friends ordered the "bartender's choice," and I was particularly impressed with the Clover Club, a raspberry concoction. I tried the Gin-Gin Mule, which apparently originated here, with gin, homemade ginger beer, mint, fresh lime juice, and candied ginger, which was delightful.  Minus one star because the waitress wasn't nearly as competent as the bartender; by not writing down orders she served one of us the wrong drink.
NYC is full of hidden places.  Pegu isn't so secret anymore since I first went there when they opened.  They actually have a sign on the door now but it hasn't yet reached the masses so it's possible to still come here and not be overwhelmed by a crowd.  They keep it pretty civilized, which means you don't have to yell at your friend (who's practically sitting on your lap) to be heard, or get bumped and sloshed on by people who are many inches taller than you (professing personal experiences here).  It's moody and loungy and makes you (me) feel like I'm back in Rangoon during colonial rule.  Alright, so I've never been to Rangoon or was even alive during that time, but I was born in Saigon so I think I can claim that I know it somewhere in my blood.  Since it's on the 2nd floor, you get a wide view of W. Houston but somehow feels like a continent away.  Cocktail prices are comparable to any of the other "hip" places (ie $12-$15) but they do use all fresh ingredients/juices and the bartenders are real mixologists.  Think refashioned old-fashioned drinks composed with gins/rums/whiskeys + bitters (my choice is the gin gin mule) and imagine yourself in a hazy sultry scene from The Lover or Indochine.  Secret longings and lingering gazes are optional but highly recommended.
Of the dozen bars I tried in the past 4 days this was my favorite. Entering: First off upon entering you get a proper coat check. Bonus points already. The doorman was quite nice and very professional. The joint: It is a classy place with tables spaced rather widely apart so you can comfortably have a conversation with friends. Dimly lit but not dark the lighting makes most people look good. The drinks: As many have said before the drinks are wicked good. A decent size cocktail list with many unique drinks. (A few of which have been lifted by other bars they are that good.) Unfortunately out cocktail waitress for the night was not very well versed in the drink list, but it seemed she was the exception and not the rule. Along with the drinks they brought over a caddy of biters, and other additives for your drink. While I can understand it seems like a good idea, I thought it was a distraction. It made people want to unbalance the drinks they were prepared in general making them taste worse. Overall: A classy place for friends, and cocktail lovers to sit and enjoy a fine drink.
There aren't many bars / lounges that I can find myself for which I can say that I was entirely comfortable.  Fortunately, Pegu Club managed to hit that soft spot and has thus been declared as my go to lounge on weekday evenings for the occasional post dinner / date cocktail. The Ambiance:  First you have to find the place.  If not already a veteran, the mediocre sized entry will be missed by patrons of first descent.  Upon walking up a flight of stairs, those not having been humbled by this lush decorated establishment, will find a subtle intimidation at the restaurants over the top decor.  Lines of date paired seating awaits dual sized parties.  For those of a larger scale, multitudes of 4 person tables as well as circular leather couches await occupation.  The lighting at the lounge is that of semi-posh / relaxing, giving Pegu an atmosphere that is described as both upscale as well as enchanting.  Visitors of this establishment will find that despite the inherent intimidating nature of the establishment, the overall soothing and graceful elegance of the restaurants decor will produce a harmonious welcoming response. The Drinks:  Pegu's specialty cocktails revolve around their signature array of Gin choices.  The Grey Goose Martini, although the least creative, was profoundly well executed, and is deemed as a go to cocktail choice.  The balance between the Grey Goose Vodka and Pegu's signature Gin gave this inebriation inducing cocktail the right kick without the distain that's usually generated through an over application of one ingredient.  Another suggested cocktail that's well known to Pegu regulars is the Earl Grey Marteani.  As the cocktail states, the drink is a combination of cooled Earl Grey tea with Vodka and specialty Gin.  Although similar in nature, with respects to taste to that of the Grey Goose Martini, the Earl Grey used in this application produces a subtle bitterness that greatly aided in the release of the pheromone flavors of the Vodka and Gin.  Patrons wishing to order this particular cocktail will find that the Earl Grey used in this application is meant solely as a distinguished complement to the more traditional ingredients of this Marteani application.  Of course, who can forget the shots...  A single shot of chilled Patron Silver ranks up there in size with that of a triple shot.  Those daring enough to engage in such an act will find that it takes the most monumental of consumers to be able to finish this in one gulp.  Still, despite the size of such an application, the shot itself will set you back $12, which is similar in price to that of Park and 230 Fifth only you get a lot more out of Pegu's selection. Best bet is to hit Pegu up on a weeknight.  As with Rebecca H's review below, the weekends produce the most pretentious of individuals and takes away from the atmosphere of the restaurant.  Weekday events produces more of the social and generally low key crowds solely there for dining and cocktail consumption purposes.  If at all possible, please do avoid on weekends like the Black Plague.
Good date place, very good cocktails and I am not a big mixed drink fan. I had the Gin- Gin mule, he had some Tequila drink. I recommend the scallop sliders.
I never would have known this place was here - but once you walk up the stairs there's a nice surprise inside. Really spacious with bar, table and chair seating. The menu had a impressive drink menu - but we stick with the signature cocktails. The were quite good - as they should be - cause they weren't cheap.  My Pisco Punch packed a good punch.
Posh, tranquil and low-lit, this bar/lounge cries out for more intimate seating arrangements. It failed miserably in that regard, and I only hope that it never endeavored to do so to begin with. Blondie hostess was a SNOB (and this is me putting it nicely!) I just won't repeat what i thought of her that night.... The man and I found our way in here Thursday of last week (which by the way, happened to be my birthday) and sat ourselves at a small table with two lounge chairs placed straight across from one another, only to find ourselves sitting too far apart. Not exactly an ideal setting for intimate conversation, I say. So we asked if we could sit at one of the more intimate looking combination bench & chairs arrangements and the hostess flat out said NO! "it's reserved for large parties," she said.  It was nearly laughable when I noticed that there were FOUR other of those bench seating arrangements that were not being utilized and a long banquet with enough seating to accommodate Kimora Lee Simmons and her entourage.  The place was literally HALF EMPTY and at 1 in the am, when we happened to venture in, the possibility of the "expected" hordes of large parties rushing in to have a drink appeared slim. But I digress. So... NO STARS FOR YOU MISSY! The "reserved" table cards are OVERLY pretentious. Get rid of them! No stars. Yet, on the plus side... This place is posh, which I like. One star. The cocktails are good (however on the pricey side $12 - $14) and the waitress did her job. One star. And the door man wearing his zoot suit is cool, he opened the door for us and welcomed us in with a "Enjoy... YO!" One star.
It was okay.  We had to wait for a table of the exact same number of people. Drinks were good, but the place was boring.
I love this place because I feel like nobody I know knows about it and it's usually just middle aged business people that want to feel hip in soho, which is kinda hot. It's really overpriced but the drinks really are spectacular. The whole aesthetic of it feels like an airport lounge in Rangoon which is OK. The only reason to come to this place are for the 12 dollar cocktails. Especially their signature drink. It's a pretty hilarious clientele as well, which is a plus.
Wonderful little hidden spot in Soho. Went with a small group and got a spot at the bar even though it was really packed already by 9:45. The drink menu is super adventurous so be curious and get something funky. These bartenders are truly mixologist and they know their stuff. The bartender Paul was amazing! He made us some really special creations. We tried several different drinks. My favorite was the pisco punch, it has a flower in it. The earl grey martini was awesome too. Did not try the food but it looked good. Great ambiance, very classy but chill!
my date claimed it's usually always busy here. on the tuesday night that we went, it was dead quiet and i loved that. i had the gin/champagne/st. germain drink, can't remember what it was called, but it was great. i loved everything about this place.
Sunday's evening cocktails, in the most delightful chairs ever, in a mostly empty club made my little heart swoon. Oh whiskey smash, I never knew I would feel this way about you. I've had so many drinks, that so few can elicit such feelings of surprise and delight in my mouth. Perhaps that one loud table was very very loud. Perhaps the waitress didn't seem to think I really wanted a glass of water with my other drinks. Perhaps I'm persnickity, and should enjoy the pleasures of the evening more than find fault in the places that I love at first sight. Yes, Pegu, I love your whiskey smash.
Last night I went to Pegu for the first time, and I quite like the place. It's upscale, but I saw people there in baseball shirts. The drinks are, of course, excellent, and not all that expensive for Manhattan, as some of the cocktails can be had for $12. At one point in the evening, I saw a gentleman ask for "Two Amstel Lights and a red bull and stoli", only to be informed by the bartender that they didn't carry Amstel Light, Stoli, or Red Bull. Respect.
I came here on a Friday night with some of my closest friends for my birthday party and all and all it was a pretty good experience. I called about a week in advance to reserve a table for 15 people which they gave me the heads up that there would probably be a 2 drink minimum per person which I don't think is bad at all for a spot in Soho. I get there with no problems whatsoever! A few of my friends were already there waiting at my table because I gotta make my grand entrance, lol. Slowly but surely the rest of my party showed up with no issues except their biggest table can only hold about 15 people but if everyone is familiar with each other you can squeeze 20 in there! I alternated between the Pegu club cocktail and another drink that contained bourbon I cant recall the name I only told the waitress to bring another.  I also managed to squeeze in an order of shrimps here and there also. All and all I would definitely go back and would recommend it to anyone that wants a nice chill spot to be intimate with close friends or to have a party. No lines, covers, or drama!
I've been here twice. Once around 9:30pm on a Saturday night, and once around 6pm on a Thursday - the experience is COMPLETELY different. At 6pm, the atmosphere is intimate and quiet. Two-seaters along their window wall makes for that perfect date spot, especially when it's still light out as it seeps through their windows and creates a romantic oasis. Around 8-9pm, the crowd starts to come, and by 11pm, I found myself stuck in a corner unable to turn really without risking tossing my drink on someone. Fortunately around 2am, only the real drunkards are left and the crowd returns to being a bit more manageable. I adored Pegu and would've rated it an extra star if only the prices of their fabulous drinks were a little lower. Or if the place was a little bigger. But I guess that's part of the charm. Teetering out their inconspicuous door around 3:30am, I'd have to say I will definitely come back!
I like Pegu's vibe and look but it was really crowded on a Saturday night. We stood by the bar and were often bumped into so we didn't stay here for too long. My drinks were pretty good, except for the whiskey smash which tasted mostly like mint. Pegu made a good first impression but I would like to come again when it's not so crowded.
Beautiful decor, amazing drinks. It does get very crowded, so reserve a table in advance.
I really give this place 3.5 stars but I'm feeling generous so I'll round up to 4 stars.   Pros: - No Cover - Great atmosphere - Not too crowded, but good number of people - Not too loud relative to other lounges - No table minimum - Mixed drinks are good Cons: - Drinks are $$$ - Service isn't great when seated at a table (took forever for a our waitress to come); you may want to order drinks at the bar Could be a pro, con, or neutral depending on what your preference is: - Music very faint (hardly noticable) - No Grey Goose Great for small get togethers. Tip:  If you want a table, make reservations, but say there is 7 or less in your party.  They will not take reservations for parites of 8 or more after 6:30pm.  Last night my friends and I went here and we got a table for 7, but there was probably 15 + of us there.  They didn't say anything.
What happened here? Ownership change? I have been here a couple of times, the drinks are always great, and the atmosphere, perfect. This time, the reception was rude, the waitresses were so inattentive that it was insulting. I was there with a larger group, which you would have figured could have been appreciated for the possibility of earning a nice tip, but seemed like they didn't care because they were charging 20% on top of the bill regardless. The only reason giving two stars was for well made drinks and bartenders hard work.
I've been to the Pegu Club a couple of times. On the 2nd floor of a building off W. Houston, it's dark, elegant, and kind of mysterious. Low tables, couches and chairs line the restaurant. Their signature Pegu Club cocktail is a masterful mix of gin, lime juice, an orange liqueur, and bitters. This is a profoundly balanced, sublime drink. Apparently the Earl Grey MarTEAni, "made with Earl Grey-infused gin, fresh lemon juice, simple syrup and raw egg white" is even better. I'll go back soon and try it.
Where are all my Canto ppl at?  Phonetically speaking, Pegu sounds like BUTT in Cantonese.  I kid you not.  And my drink can only be described as what comes out of my a-hole.  Not that I know from first-hand experience, but I'm just saying. I came in with the mentality that this place was going to rock the white off my pale body.  Having been to Milk & Honey, I was amped to try another mixologist place.  Sadly, Pegu could not compare. This place may have a larger space and more fancy decor, but it did not make me feel like I was somewhere special.  We got a big booth(reserved in advance), and were seated somewhat near the staircase.  The booths are supposed to be intimate, but because there is a lot of space in the establishment, you can imagine how crowded this place can get.  It takes away from the focus of the drinks and makes it seem like it could be any other bar. I asked for a sweet, but semi-tart drink.  What I got was liquid that tasted like cough medicine.  I took one sip and was finished; I even had a friend confirm it was terrible.  The waitress asked if I wanted to try something else- no thanks, my buds were punished enough. The mixologist lacked the vision to create my dream come true.  He or she just took the literal approach and royally fucked up my experience.  At Milk & Honey, the person who tends to the table is the person who makes the drink.  This allowed me to explain exactly what I wanted, and for the person to get a sense of what I might like.  That made all the difference in the world. If you are thinking of coming here, make sure you know exactly what you want; my friend did just that.  A lot of reviewers raved about their menu drinks, which is probably what I should have stuck with.  Then again, that wouldn't make the people here mixologists, now would it? MY BUTT FAILS.
restaurantbrat.com We are currently living in what must count as a Golden Age for mixology, and I like to think of NYC as one of the cities at the forefront of this revolution. It's about time we cocktail drinkers, us purveyors of sophistication and class, stood up for our choice of beverage. No longer should the urbane gentleman feel the need to justify his after-work martini to a raucous gang of brutish beer-drinking colleagues. No more shall the cheap aluminium Budweiser can reign over the refined, curvaceous form of the classic cocktail coupe. No further can we allow the platoons of barbaric, belching footsoldiers to push their hops-driven border into the bountiful land of bitters and elderflower. I say we kill the kegs and burn the bongs, banish the red plastic cup to the scrap heap. New York City is a cocktail-lovers paradise, and the renaissance is largely being driven by talented artists like Audrey Saunders and Sasha Petraske. Notably, almost every up-and-coming mixologist in the city is in some way connected to these two - a clear signal of their trailblazing worth to the community's cocktail scene. Saunders' Pegu Club is a tribute to all that is good about the act of imbibing. Here, a firm respect for the history of cocktails is juxtaposed against a clear view to creative expression. Over the past three years or so, I've been to Pegu so many times I've lost count, and tried a wide variety of the creations on offer. Not once have I been disappointed. Yes, there are certain drinks on the menu I prefer over others, but even those in the latter category are great cocktails in their own right. To start, Pegu gets the details spot on: blocks of ice chill your drink evenly, soda guns are banned in favor of small bottles when needed, vodka is banished to a supporting role, and everything from the citrus twists to the fruit juices to the simple syrup is made from scratch daily. The attention to specifics is stunning. Add a solid food menu comprising tasty finger food delights (try their smoked trout deviled eggs and the crab cakes) and you have a winner. I could go on and on about Pegu, but I'll leave you with one revelation that may prove critical in understanding how much I adore this place: I'm really not a big gin guy. I don't mind it in moderation at other bars, but occasionally I get overwhelmed by the mildly medicinal undertones of juniper. However, I have had almost every gin-based cocktail on Pegu's menu. The Fitty-Fitty, an absolutely lovely martini with 50% gin, 50% vermouth and a dash of Regan's orange bitters is a strong, boozy, but stunningly well-balanced drink. Neither spirit overpowers the other, and the flavors are tied together in a smooth bitter-infused aftertaste. The Gin-Gin Mule, is a spicy, passionate devil of a cocktail (adapted from the Moscow Mule), a complex yet refreshing mix of gin, ginger beer (homemade, of course), muddled mint leaves and lime juice. And then, of course, there's the Earl Grey Marteani; a tour de force that evokes all the best qualities of a great Pisco Sour. The the subtle, almost ethereal quality of tea infused into a bold Tanqueray front, mixed with lemon juice and topped with a thick egg white froth. And I haven't even begun extolling the virtues of the Whiskey Smash, the Tantric Sidecar, the Spring Negroni or the Jamaican Firefly yet. I love cocktails, and I love this place. The Pegu Club is a NYC cocktail institution, and long may it stay that way.
This place is a SoHo classic of you love a perfectly created cocktail. Yes, perfect. This a cocktail art, a must stop.
If I come back here on a not-so-busy night, I will re-rate this place.  But I went here around 12:30am on a Friday night and although it wasn't too terribly crowded or anything, it was total gridlock at the bar.  I felt like I was in one of those narrow meatmarket bars in Georgetown (DC) where you can't even walk past the bar because 95% of the patrons are standing in rows upon rows, waiting for a drink. Yes, the drinks looked amazing and the drink menu was cool as hell.  But we waited for about 20 minutes at the bar and never got any closer to getting a drink.  So sadly, we left. It's no nonsense to get in.  Decent crowd, nice looking young people.  But um, who was the wizard of this ad campaign?  You KNOW you're going to have tons of people wanting high dollar drinks -- drinks that take quite a bit of time to make, so why don't you hire more than 2 bartenders?  This ain't your first weekend rodeo.  They were seriously understaffed; plus, the bartenders were so sloooow and in the weeds.  One bartender took literally two full minutes to fully garnish one drink. Too bad, it's a nice spot with a lovely dark wood+Asian atmosphere.  Probably best to go here for some dinner and drinks at an earlier time...and get a table.
All I hear is how fantastic this place is. It's definitely #1 on my Cocktail To Do List, particularly now that it's one of the nominees for CityGuide's City's Best Cocktail for 2007. I'm just dying to watch them work, being the obsessive mixologists that they apparently are. I hear they even use specially shaped ice cubes in their shakers, to avoid breaking the ice, which would then create more melting, thus polluting an otherwise perfect drink with too much water. (The horror!) Now that's hard-core.
Chill place..but overhyped.  The drinks and food were just ok. The tartare appetizer was great but the drinks were overrated. If you want great drinks try death & co.
Decent drinks and place but nothing extraordinary. I have tasted and been to better.
Cocktails are great same as service.  Friday night it is pretty busy and crowded , people , that come here are cool and friendly , especially guys:) . Price is a little bit high , but it is fine for me , because i didn't pay :)
Had a great time here! Bouncers, hostesses, bartenders were all very welcoming. Had the Earl Grey MarTEAni... YUM!!!!! These people know what they are doing! We were there on a Friday night around 9:30 and there was a bit of a wait for a table but we sat right at the bar which was a great choice. Not too crowded or loud, just right.
When I first read up on Pegu Club, I had images of British men in their day suits lounging around in wicker chairs with their drinks in hand while the tropical heat seared the air. In another place and another time, these men would gaze over the water which the Gentleman's Club sat. My friend and I decided on a whim after brunch that we needed more cocktails.  We talked about Pegu Club for weeks and decided why not go in as soon as it opened at 5pm and spend our afternoon there.  There would be less fuss, less crowds and a more attentive bar staff. The bar is set up as a long rectangle set in dim lighting and from 5-7, they play jazz which sets the mood for a nice afternoon of cocktails. I started out with the Pegu Club, the lounges' namesake. Gin has always been my drink of choice when ordering a cocktail and it would be perfect to start my experience.  However, for some reason, I was not impressed with this drink but maybe because I had to appreciate the subtleties of the gin and bitters. The next cocktail I chose was the Gentleman's Agreement.  For some reason, I'm attracted to old man drinks, and the Gentleman's Agreement which consisted of a fresh blackberry draped elegantly on the concoction of Scotch, maraschinos, blackberry and fresh lemon juice, was a beautiful drink. Perhaps I shouldn't have done this, but I dipped my toothpick blackberry into the drink which made it taste so much sweeter. I savored this drink and although the view could have been better when I looked out the window, such as the rolling waves lapping up against the coast - but my friend said maybe after a couple more drinks, I would start hallucinating and actually see the ocean. We also decided to order appetizers to tide us over for the third and final cocktail. We ordered calamari with this spicy/mayo combination.  We were impressed with the sauce that we requested second helping only because our tongues enjoyed the sweet sensation. The third drink my friend recommended I ask for the Sloe Gin Fizz as we were discussing it over brunch.  I was going to end my night with another Gentleman's Agreement but after discussing with our waitress, she said our bartender would be able to make it which made me really excited! The Sloe Gin Fizz was definitely a sight to behold as it was served in an enormous Tom Collins glass but I guess I never had the real thing because I've had Sloe Gin Fizz's in Chicago tasted differently. There are two variations you can use to create the Sloe Gin Fizz which would be egg whites to create the fizz or you can use club soda. This creation used club soda. I was definitely impressed by the Gentleman's Agreement and the calamari and wouldn't mind coming back and trying the Re-Animator which is only limited to one drink per customer.
One of my absolute favorite places to go, especially during the weekdays where the bartenders can really give personalized attention. These bartenders know their gin and whiskies, and feel free to let them concoct something based on your tastes. The food is overpriced but good (I personally like more than 2 eggs when paying 10 dollars to get them deviled, although I'm sure they throw saffron in there or something). But its the drinks. They are incredibly good. And for those who balk at the prices, consider a 12 dollar drink that has 2 shots of top shelf whiskey plus all the fixings/liquer/juice/etc. to make it a stellar drink. It really isn't that bad.
Great place for an easy time in a good lounge with unique cocktails. Went here with a friend who was raving about the place and it was worth it.  We got there around 2:00 AM on a Saturday, it was busy but we lucked out with a table. The music was typical "lounge" style but with a good range of styles.  Enjoyed a "Gin Gin Mule" (great) and shifted to a "Jamaican Firefly" (good).  Service was just right - enough attention without rushing us.  On my list for my next NYC visit.
I've walked by this spot so many times without even noticing it! After checking out Little Branch's long line at 11pm last night, my friend and I ended up at Pegu -- no line, no attitude, and seated immediately. Judging from other reviews, seems like the place was particularly dead (I saw at least 4 other open tables)... but I liked the atmosphere -- relaxed, quiet and elegant. And this place is HUGE compared to PDT or Death & Co. I had the Earl Grey martini and the Le Fleur de Paradis... Earl Grey  was way better -- had a peppery kick combined with a floral tea finish. The Paradis was tart and citrusy, but not sure if it was worth $17. Altho I didn't try their menu, I liked how they recommended pairings of food with certain cocktails.. next time!   Decor is still nice if a bit dated (generic Oriental theme?). Even the waitresses had kimono-esque uniforms on! Credit card minimum is $40.
Gorgeous space, but clueless waitstaff. Dropped by here Saturday night with friends for a drink before dinner. We ordered a round of drinks and it took our waitress 20 minutes to come back and tell us they had only "one glass of Pinot Noir left in the place" Ok, it was 9PM on a Saturday, who runs out of Pinot Noir? So my two friends ordered something else. It took her another 15 minutes to bring us one glass of Pinot Noir, but she forgot the other drinks. Needless to say I downed my glass of wine and we left. Sorry Pegu, I am just not that into you.
Stopped there one afternoon after walking around the city all day as tourists. Excellent cocktails. Class atmosphere.
Good cocktails great atmosphere  I'm here early though (right at opening time) and can't really judge the crowd. Definitely worth stopping over.
Slightly hidden, this upstairs lounge serves wonderful cocktails. It can be a little dark but its a great place to have conversation while imbibing in their liquid creations. Cocktails can take up about 15 minutes to prepare as they are made from scratch so relax and enjoy the company. This is not the place if you are in a rush and just want a quick drink.
Terrific place.  The cocktails are excellent--but even better, they are consistently excellent.  These are very careful bartenders who care about what they are putting into your glass.  The Kill-Devil is my go-to drink--it's stiff and delicious--but there are lots of other terrific drinks, including one with gin and coconut that tastes like Indonesian food.  Great place.
Pricey drinks - $18 for a Patron margarita! - but a nice ambiance and good crowd.  Only two bartenders were working on a Saturday night, which made drinks hard to come by... bad for the buzz, but good for my wallet. Absolutely one of the best Mojitos I've ever had!  This is definitely a treat yourself kind of place, unless you're loaded.
Went here with Binni D., We both had drinks amazing time order a small app but the environment was great clam and cool. People like Harry S. who are in to Dive bars won't appreciate this place, If your a Fan of MFA , This place is too classy for you. Nice place to bring a date.
Nice decor but the music needed improvement
Two words:  Gin-Gin Mule.  (if there's a hyphen, it's only two words, i think.  oh my grade school grammar teacher is beaming at me right now, i know it!!)  Delicious drinks, but their twist on the mint julep is the most divine.  I love me my gin-gin mule so much, I come here, sit at the bar, and just pray that someone offers to buy me a drink.  Yep.  A lil beggin and zero pride does a girl good. Bar food is quite delicious too.  I recommend the tuna tartare.
This is an upscale bar if there is such a thing. The drinks here are quite interesting and the small plates of bar food are delish. I ordered a red pepper drink here because I wanted to try elderwood. I have to say it tastes exactly like a red pepper, which I'm not a huge fan of but nevertheless I just had to try it. The mojito I had right after was great. All the while I also enjoyed the chicken platter (first day I had chicken in about a year) and the squid or was it octopus taco. The biggest plus here is that the staff is so nice (I'm not going to mention the little incident that occurred here...hahaha).
I definitely enjoy my drinks here.  true, everytime i come here i end up spending over $100 but it's hard to resist the earl grey marteanis (sp).  I've yet to try their food but the decor and the drinks are good enough for me to come back.  Plus-it never gets too roudy and trashy.
I went here after we left Jane Restaurant.  We had couple of drinks: I had the Pisco Punch (Pineapple infused Pisco and citrus things. lovely).  I can't remember what my firends had but we didnt complain much.  We each had 2 drinks and then left. Nice environment for a Sunday early evening hang out. It wasn't crowded because we got there around 6pm. By the time we left around 7:30, there were a couple of more people in the bar seats.  Nice place. Will definitely come back for quiet drinks or a date.
The mixed drinks were really expensive and a place I wouldn't regularly go.  I tried the Earl Grey cocktail which was good but $14 - and more than I would pay normally for a drink.  Dim lighting and I felt a little outta place with how dressy others were - I had a dress on.  I won't go back.
Space looks like a pf changs. Cocktails are decent, but nothing to get excited about
I think I have been here atleast 3 times. While the drink menu might be a confusing to someone who is used to ordering their drink based on alcohol type, and cocktail aficianados seem to have a thing for gin so it can tough to find a drink that looks familiar. Don't worry about it, just order something or tell the waitress what you feel like and surely they will have some beautiful concoction made for you. My friend and I were drinking margaritas before came, bad margaritas, so we thought, we should keep drinking tequila, we asked the waitress for a drink with tequila and she came back with the most delicate thai basel lime tequila thing. omigod, i have never had something so well balanced. i could die a happy girl now.
i felt a little out of place showing up at the pegu club in a wifebeater and then being told by a small snobby man that he would see if he could find an empty table for us...after some hunting around, we were seated...amidst at least three other empty tables aka half of the room. but you know, that's ok because my cocktail was delightful. i also like the little story in the menu about the pegu club being named after some place in england that kipling wrote about. or was it a place where kipling liked to hang out? either is a pretty nice fun fact, and just about enough to make me go back when i'm in a fancy cocktail kind of mood. however, the pegu club was a bit too pretentious, even for me (and i like my fancy 10-ingredient cockatails served by dashing tuxedo-wearing master bartenders with foreign accents as much as the next girl)...so if it's beer, wine, or a simple mixed drink that i'm after, i'd still probably take l'angolo across the street most of the time.
Two words: hotel bar.
As far as cocktail bars go in the city, I think this is one of my favorites.  Low-key with a relaxed atmosphere and the best table service ever.  The drink menu is fantastic.  It's primarily gin-based.  I didn't even think I liked gin until I tasted what Pegu could do with it. This is a great place to go to sit down with some friends and have drinks and conversation at the same time.
Gin gin mule, indeed.  Showed up at 9:30 on a Friday in August and there were only 10 people there.  From there it got busier, but stayed pleasantly undercrowded.  So if you're looking for cocktails like those swanky hide-out places, without the lack of personal space, Pegu Club could be for you.  Definitely more chill than charm.
went to Pegu Club for drinks for a friends birthday and wished that we had stayed for dinner because everything smelled so good. Loungy atmosphere and great drinks. Tough to find on the street so easy to just pass it by.
After much research on top cocktail bars etc. I decided to try Pegu, went there after dinner with my gf, we went rather early around 10pm on a Sat. because it was early we had no problems getting in and getting a nice table, the waitress greeted us with a smile and was actually nice and being a southern boy I REALLY appreciated that because smiles in Manhattan are scarce! I ordered the Gin Gin Mule which is something I would never get usually but I wanted to try something different so I went for it and it was DELICIOUS, every drink I had was great, Pegu was not crowded but it still took the bartender awhile with the drinks they really put time in effort in making their cocktails, around 11:30 the crowd started to pour in and by 12 all the tables were taken, I'm glad I'm moving to NYC in a few weeks and I'm sure I'll be a regular at Pegu. Price: Typical NY cocktail prices but at this joint you know you are getting quality Ambiance: Nice ambiance, music isn't too loud that you can't hold a conversation without losing your voice, trendy but doesn't feel pretentious. Location: In the heart of Sohu located on a corner block so its easy to stumble out and get a cab Synopsis: If you enjoy quality over quantity and want to experience a trendy place without having the worry of being embarrassed at the door by the d-bag doorman, this is your place.
Upscale, intimate cocktail lounge located in SoHo, with plush seats and a great variety of drinks.  I ordered the apricot champange cocktail -- it was garnished with real pansies!  It was too pretty to drink, but I tried it anyway and it was delicious.  It was pricey, but definitely a nice place to go for drinks.
awfully nice
With a dimly lit and sophisticated interior, the Pegu Club indeed gives off an exclusive vibe to those patrons that are able to find it.  Not too difficult to find, if you have the address, although you've probably walked by it several times in the past without even realizing it was there.   I've been meaning to check this place out for quite some time, and ended up coming here for a few drink on Saturday night.  I had read some of the yelp reviews before going there and was already interested in trying the Jamaican Firefly and Earl Gray MarTEAni.  Coincidentally, as soon as I walked in, I had mentioned to the kind doorman that this was my first time here, and he recommended the Jamaican Firefly...especially if I like ginger (which I do!).   After joining my girlfriend at the table, a waitress approached to take my order and, without even looking at the menu, I happily ordered the Jamaican Firefly.  It did not disappoint.  My next drink, I was intrigued by many of the other cocktail options, but at the recommendation of the waitress, I also ordered the Earl Gray MarTEAni. Again, a successful choice.   My girlfriends also loved their drinks...but we were off to the next place, which had already begun to fill up by 11pm or so, with a small line outside the door.   I will happily return here again soon to try some of the other cocktails...it's definitely an easy place to get into if you start early-ish, even on a Saturday night (10pm-ish).
Actually...3.5 stars really! When I stepped foot into this place, I couldn't help but feel the need to be accompanied by an older gentleman of the $$$$ type. As I slowly nursed my glass of red, the guy sitting at the end of the bar ostentatiously suggested I order something with gin (their signature). Hmmm...too bad I'm not a fan of gin. Perhaps next time I'll order a bud...classy!
Awesome. Stopped in with my boss for a drink. Hade the "little Italy" amazing take on the Manhattan. He had a mint drink that looked great. We shared two apps. The duck ragu - perfect.  We also had the trout devil eggs - heaven.
Gin Gin Mule: very good, but slightly watery. The Gin Gin Mule I had at Drink in Boston was significantly better. Early Grey MarTEAni: Loved this. Like another Yelper described, it tastes very much like an alcoholic bubble tea. The oil of bergamot is not very pronounced in this drink, it's pretty subtle. I would definitely get this again. La Fleur de Paradis was a champagne drink that was heavy on the champagne, wasn't a huge fan of this one. The bartender made me an absinthe mojito which I also enjoyed, but it wasn't incredibly special. Classy place with dim lighting with seating at the bar, for couples and large groups. Perfect for a date or hanging with a group of friends. Everyone seemed to be having a great time.
great place for a date. surprisingly, i went here for one last year and really enjoyed myself. since i generally get nervous on first dates, i really didn't have much of an appetite but i had resigned myself to "drinking my dinner" (which i've been known to do from time to time). the space is located on the second floor in the prime soho location. it's dark, intimate, sleek and totally comfortable with its plush velvet seating. after some quick greetings, my date and i parked ourselves at the bar ... where we stayed for the next three hours. this place prides itself on its "world-class" mixed drinks. i had the "gin-gin mule" (gin laced with ginger beer), "the old cuban" (a champagne mojito) and the "earl grey marTEAni" (described as a "british take" on the south american "pisco sour" which was my drink of choice when studying abroad in buenos aires, argentina). all went down nice and easy with their fresh juices and crisp ingredients. our bartender was also quick to notice when our glasses were empty and kept the drinks rolling (yay for not having awkward silences!). i didn't eat any of the food (refer to what's mentioned above), but my date ordered salmon sliders and really enjoyed them. he mentioned he was "living large" that night. (aww, shucks.) i haven't been back (nor did i ever go out with that guy again, in case you're curious), but i've recommended it my friends as a great date spot. pegu doesn't disappoint.
Comfortable setting with attentive and friendly service, great drinks, good bar bites, and not too crowded. Highly recommend.
A victim of its own success. Try a little harder, Pegu. Seriously. You, cocktail server: time to rethink your profession, if you can't even rouse a smile when you toss that cocktail on the table. Oh, and next time, don't toss the cocktail on the table. And you, bartender: learn to pour a decent sized drink. We did a test with a mixed cocktail and single on the rocks. Both short. How can you short pour your specialty cocktails when there are that many ingredients? Either chintzy or drinking behind the bar. Unfortunately, mine was a full pour, but I left it half finished, as it was not so good. And you, manager guy: with all this going on - what is your function? Why didn't you ask about my half finished cocktail? Is it because you don't care? Does any one there care? There are plenty of other places to go. I'd like to say we would go back, because you'd probably get better service if you sat at the bar, but like I said...plenty of other places...
The bright spot in our week in NYC was, undeniably, Pegu Club: We passed two happy evenings at the bar, where the lovingly crafted drinks, chipper bartenders, and cozy atmosphere reminded both of us of our favorite bar in the world, Seattle's Zig Zag Cafe.
great music and good drinks with an u pretentious but nice crowd.what more do u need?
A truly wonderful lounge, and a new favorite.  Discreet entrance on busy Houston St, this sophisticated lounge is entirely on the second floor, with nice window views all along one side.  Decor is Asian-inspired classic, simple, not eye-catching.  Plush seating for small to mid-size groups at tables, or have a seat at the beautiful and roomy bar. Overall service is excellent.  The hostesses we've interacted with keep us in the loop about seating, always cordial. The wait staff are on point, somehow there when you need them.  And the bartenders are simply good at what they do, and are attentive and easy-going. The highlight are their superlative cocktails, gorgeous creations of harmonious flavors and fine presentation.  My favorites are the Earl Grey MarTEAni, with its lovely creamy finish (raw egg white) and the Fleur de Paradis, a delicate elderflower cocktail.  After multiple visits and sampling at least a dozen different cocktails, I've concluded this is one fine cocktail institution and I look forward to many more visits here. There's a small snack menu and some of these are a fine addition to the cocktails.  Ones I enjoyed are scallop sliders and smoked trout deviled eggs.  Less impressed with the duck sliders, like a sloppy joe with overpowering sauce and passable fried calamari. Check their reservation policies.  Its possible to book an adjacent space for a mid-size (10 - 20) group.  Otherwise, its generally first come, first serve.  They don't limit the numbers of people who come in and wait by the bar so as it gets busy, it can also get quite noisy.  I much prefer being here, at the bar, during less busy times to get the best attention to the drinks and ambience.
Actually: 3.5 stars. I round down because I'm a cynic. Let's be honest here: I am well outside Pegu Club's demographic. I may well be on (the infancies of) a successful-lawyer trajectory, but I still prefer bars where no one gives me a second glance if I order a Car Bomb mere seconds after downing my first and at least one television is airing a sport I actually care about (read: hockey). But my friend desperately wanted to go here again, and everyone else seemed game, so why not? In all, maybe because of my low standards, I was pleasantly surprised. A couple of my friends had gotten there around 9, and by 9:45, all six of us were together and finally being seated; the hostess, for her part, kept coming over to us by the bar and letting us know what the table situation was, so that was much appreciated. I also never felt rushed, but once it started getting on 11:30 or so, it was clear that it was high time for us to relinquish our table. The table we were seated at was comfortable for our group of six, but apparently the last time my friend had been there, they had packed 11 people into that space. Yeah, I don't recommend trying that. Our main waitress was jovial and even patient enough to explain to my very drunk friend what went into some of their special cocktails, and she worked with the back-up waitress to keep all our drinks coming as ordered. My one annoyance was that sometimes it took upwards of 15 minutes to get a drink, even though we were right next to the bar. Anyway, on to the drinks, because that's what what we care about, right? Well, the majority of the drinks are $13, which, although not unexpected, still hurt my student wallet after I had just three of the special cocktails (tip: there is a 20% gratuity automatically added to parties of six or more). And, as another reviewer stated, the sizes greatly vary. On the other hand, on the whole, the drinks were really, really good. I started out with a Kill Devil, which, as my astute friend put it, is "alcohol on top of alcohol on top of alcohol." Luckily, I had had some greasy food that soaked up all that delicious proof, but it knocked him out; nevertheless, we agreed that, though it at first tastes a bit like licorice cough syrup, repeated sips make for a pleasant aftertaste. I then had the Pisco Punch, which was incredible: tart, crisp, and at a cold temperature (with only one ice cube!) to preserve the scant sweetness. I finished everything off with a Red Bamboo, which, although again being alcohol on top of alcohol on top of alcohol (what can I say? I'm Polish) was absolutely divine. I blamed it on the absinthe, which I love, but it also had a light sweetness and strawberry-ish aftertaste. The thing I normally most dislike about places like this is the overall vibe. Indeed, Pegu Club isn't a laid-back joint, but it is far more laid-back than, say, Marquee (or wherever the cool kids go these days). Most people were dressed up, but no one seemed to judge my choice of a black sweater and jeans. It's dark inside, as with most bars of this caliber, and the music can be a bit overpowering, so you best sit next to someone you actually want to talk to for a while. Bathroom Grade: N/A. I didn't go to the bathroom! I can only dream of what Burmese-influenced wonders would have awaited me there.
drinks are expensive, but unlike little branch, milk & honey, death &co., and other similar places, there's nothing truly special about it.  would have been two stars, but the gin gin mule was pretty good.
First, this place has free coat check! It was nice to avoid spending at least $4 on coat check the moment you walk in, especially when you'll be buying pricey cocktails upstairs. This place has great ambiance. I am not sure how to classify the decor, except possibly "a well appointed oriental living room."  It is a nice place to grab some drinks, and some tables are near windows that overlook Houston St. The drinks are why I will return to this lounge though. The Earl Grey Martini is absolutely amazing. In fact, it made me wonder why tea time hasn't met alcohol before. The drink just explodes with flavor.  Overall their cocktail menu is extensive, with many creative cocktails.  They also have a good selection of champagne cocktails, wine, and even some beer.  The cocktails range from $14-18, but unlike many places with similar prices, are worth it. My recommendation: start with an Earl Grey Martini, and then try another one of their creative cocktails.
Nice nice! Came here post-Pravda...it was fairly empty for a Saturday night, but it was also Memorial Day weekend. My cousin got a strawberry martini, looked quite yummy. I jumped for a specialty cocktail...Little Italy. Small cute cup...filled with diablo juice! This may be the first time in my lushlike existance I have been totally unable to finish a drink. Woah that thing was strong! But yummy. But after 3 sips, I was officially drunk. Granted I'd had 2 martinis at Pravda, but that was child's play. We had to sit. And since we were sitting, we had to nibble on something! The tempura squid (calamari in less classy joints) was really delicious...and trust, I know my calamari. However, that drink killed me for the night, and it was time for bed! So, go, eat drink and be merry, but be careful, or your night may be shorter than intended!
Part of me only wants to have cocktails at places with mixologists on staff. The caliber of drink is just on a much higher level and Pegu Club falls on that list of places that you can find a great drink (not the cheapest though) in a dimly lit environment with comfy couches and a cool laid back vibe. Good for a date or outing with friends as long as you don't expect to dance on the bar at the end of the night. No judgement, but you would probably enjoy doing that somewhere else if that's what you're into. I had the Gin-Gin Mule and it was delicious. This place is meant to enjoy the cocktails, although a menu is available for tapas.  I ordered the scallop sliders and a duck slider. They were pretty tasty. The chicken satay was just ok. Pegu Club continues to remain on my happy list with their flavorful drinks. Now if I would just stop passing that incognito entrance by when I am looking to enter.
My favorite place in the world (so far) for artisan cocktails. I drag all my friends here and make others promise to visit on their own. Very comfortable and relaxing. Great to hang out and talk. Excellent cocktails. Good apps. Fabulous classic lounge music. I only say pricey because I never leave without having at least three cocktails per person. What can I say? I love this place.
Pricey but yummy! So it's worth it. I came here twice for separate friends' birthdays and it is the perfect setting for intimate conversation and drink swapping. It's also funny to muse about how Pegu sort of reminds us of 3rd Floor in Ktown but minus the snob factor and soju. (Although I do kind of like 3rd Floor) My friends loved the Honeydew-Absinthe drink, I enjoyed the Gin Gin Mule (I'm a gin girl), and the one with the chili pepper in it. An Earl Grey+egg white drink was ordered and it was quite the crowd pleaser.
What's there to say that hasn't been said? Nothing, really. So I can only add my recommendations of the drink menu. Earl Grey Mar-tea-ni is definitely something incredibly unique and special and worth trying. Gin Gin mule is just brilliant refreshing. I had something else with ginger and rum and it was... delicious and incredible (maybe that was the Gin Gin Mule). Whatever it was, once you can actually find the very discreet entrance (I don't get it; once you see it, you'll notice it forever... but until then, it's like a hidden door).... you'll never forget it!
My childhood friend (who now resides in NYC) turned me to Pegu Club as she provided me with her list of go to places on my recent trip to Manhattan.  When she said that her favorite mixologist works at this bar, then I figured that we should check it out while we were in town. We got there early enough in the evening before the late night crowd occupied the available seats.  Fortunately, our party of seven was able to secure the seating area in the very back for the two hours we were there.  Our cocktail server was very attentive as we went down the list of their cocktail menu of drinks to try out.  I had the cocktail that had apples & cucumber, it was pretty refreshing. I love the fact that this was a lounge where we could chill and not be required to purchase bottle service just to have a seat.  We found it comical with all the folks trying to open the restroom door for the guys.  It was a sliding door, but many guys thought it was a single stall restroom until we told them otherwise.  Oh well, when we sat where we did, you couldn't help but get a good laugh out of it. I'd definitely recommend Pegu Club if you're searching for a cozy lounge to relax with friends over a few cocktails.
This review was a long time coming. When I was first introduced to Pegu, I was still apartment hunting in NYC. Turns out, I ended up living 3 blocks away. But this is not a "this place is great because I live next to it" review. In fact, after I moved, it has been quite a few months before I came back to Pegu for the first time, and another couple of months before I went yet again. That's not because I disliked my experience, but rather because I wanted to see all the more elusive places: PDT, Little Branch, M&H, Angel's Share, Death & Co, etc. After going through all of these places, several times over, Pegu's achievement is that much more impressive: the cocktails are easily some of the best you'll have in the city and the food menu is equally amazing. Where can I start? From the classic Pegu to the Gin Gin Mule, Jamaican Firefly, Tantris Sidecar, Pisco Punch to the seasonal drinks. Food-wise: duck bites, trout deviled eggs, scallop sliders are just a few of the favorites. All this, without imposing a strict person-per-chair limit as most of the places I mentioned and other classic speak-easies impose. That rule guarantees an intimate atmosphere with dedicated service. At Pegu though, you get the same quality cocktails and the same great service (assuming you avoid weekend rush hours) regardless. I don't know how they pull it off. But, get a seat at the bar, talk to Kenta, Del or anyone else that may be manning it that evening (if you're lucky you could see Audrey) and enjoy the ride. I will continue seeking the newest secret, elusive, exclusive cocktail lounge or speakeasy that will appear in NYC. But, I'll always go back to Pegu to make sure I have not forgotten what the standard of cocktail quality should be measured to.
Hellooo NYC!  Oh how I've missed you.  Hello BFF.  Oh how I've missed you too.  You've made rezzies?  Fab!  Where?  Pegu... Creative cocktails always are a great way to stimulate girly conversation.  Great food is always a way to keep that conversation going. The gin gin mule is distinctive and piquant.  The other cocktails on the menu definitely redefine the cocktail culture.  The small plates are the essence of fusion food.  The menu is driven by the available offerings of the season.  My favorite dish tasted like Thanksgiving in my mouth, all in one delectable bite.  How appropriate considering Turkey day is just around the corner. Throw on some fab heels, your dress of the moment and head to Pegu for some cocktails, small bites, and a nice night out!
One of my favorite spots in the city for drinks, though easy to pass up (door is inconspicuous).  Once you enter up the stairs, you'll find a great dark spacious room where the couches are well spread out and perfect for a small group of friends.  I love the vibe here; it's classy, trendy, sexy, yet relaxing and fun.  They serve awesome cocktails... their bartenders really know what they're doing.  I recommend any of their signature house cocktails... esp those infused with ginger or the champagne one.  They're expensive but worth it.  Also, do try the food here... surprisingly really good fare and goes well with drinks.  I love the mini duck burgers, as well as the scallops.  A great place to go on weekday nights (wknds can get overly crowded).
Do NOT come here...I want it ALL to myself!!! Great environment. Great doorman. Great music. And.... The drinks and food are wonderful! I have been here a few times all with different size groups and every time it has been a great experience. I would say this is a crowd that is on the older side of young. It is a place to have some drinks and have a conversation. We had a few drinks, Whiskey Smash, Red Pepper, French Pearl, Jamaican Firefly, Pisco Punch, and a few others that I can't remember the name of. Just be adventurous and your palate will thank you. All the aforementioned are wonderful!! As far as the food goes, it was really good. Again for some reason I do not remember all that I ate. This is no testament to the food rather a testament from the drinks. I get wasted! I remember sliders little and tasty.
This place is a touch kitchier and more forced than the other speak easy style joints around town. While the drinks are pretty tasty - I tasted the poquito picante and The Pegu Club - the service was slower than it should've been and I had to keep reminding the waitress to bring waters. It's really pricey too - $14 cocktails and tiny apps that are $14 and up. I just wasn't feeling this place when I realized I owed $80 for 3 drinks and 2 teentsy-weentsy apps. If money was an afterthought I'd probably four star it.
I wouldn't call myself well traveled in the realm of speak-easies and classic lounges, but I loved Pegu. And I love speak-easies and am kind of a sucker for quiet, romantic, semi-exclusive ones at that... Windows delicately crafted with carved designs. 2nd floor view of W. Houston, romantic and dark, music not loud but sophisticated - blend of old songs like "As Time Goes By" (Sinatra) and contemporary. Anyway, the Pegu cocktails were amazing. I was here for a birthday and by the end of the night, I had tasted 5 or so drinks - The Pegu Club cocktail, the Earl Grey Martini, Gin Gin Mule, whiskey mohito, The  Flore. I highly recommend all but The Flore, which was strong and not as skillfully crafted in terms of taste. Pegu cocktail - gin, bitters, curacao and lime Earl Grey martini - earl grey tea, egg white blended flavors well Gin Gin Mule - spicy, kick in the tongue, ginger, gin, mint, bubbly whiskey mohito - quite smooth and not chokingly whiskey-toned, mint, really nicely done The Flore - so many types of liquor that the flavor got lost and alcohol overly enhanced Funny, the first time I heard it... it reminded me of "pigu" - meaning butt in Mandarin. I think having a few of their strong drinks here could definitely kick your butt by the end of your night.
A great mixology bar in the likes of your Death and Co, PDT, Little Branch. This place is much less of a hassle to get in. You can even snag a loungy table far away from the bar quite often. You won't get the hustle and bustle or super vibe you might get at the other places, but if you come with friends and don't want the usual waiting list and we'll call you back 1 hour hassle, this is a good option.
Pegu is a Asain-themed cocktail lounge. A bit on the expensive side, HOWEVER the drinks are well worth the price in my humble opinion. Being the Jersey-born cheapskate that I am, I was dragged here by friends and immediately tried one of the cheapest drinks on the menu, their $12 variation of a mint julep. DELICIOUS and STRONG. Probably the best mint julep I've ever had,..not that I've had many, ...but it was very very good. I also met the last woman I dated here. Extremely pretty and eager to be bought drinks. I asked her what she'd recommend and she pointed me to a nice champagne/apricot drink.  I saw lots of groups of women there so I figure lots of women come looking to socialize and get some free booze. The decor is sweet. Hardwood floors throughout and seating lining the wall-long window that overlooks Houston St. makes the spot look very clean. The place is kept lit low, and candles are all around on the tables. This and the exotic drinks makes it a great spot to grab drinks with a date. Just don't let your eyes wander, ... One thing to note if you hang here: DON'T PUSH the bathroom doors, they slide. My friend pushed the men's restroom door off the track and was very embarassed.
Good place to go on a sunday night before president's day. Three day weekends are the best. I went with an old friends and i started off with an earl grey marteani which was quite delicious, but maybe not as delicious as i originally thought....my second drink was a saphire martini, and then third drink went back the earl gray. We also ordered the chicken satay which was quite tasty, although by no means mind blowing. The atmosphere was very laid back, and despite others reviews i thought the service was above par. We stayed there for about 2.5 hours just sipping our drinks and hanging out so it must have been pretty good. Another thing i like about this place, is that they actually.....TAKE CREDIT CARD!...unlike many other cocktail bars in the city. Overall, a nice experience good drinks and if $12 drinks are expensive to you for unique combinations created by trained mixologists then i really suggest you move out of NY, or at least out of Manhattan (is there a real difference between the two?)
Pegu club is in one word, sexy. I absolutely recommend two drinks:   First, friends love the gin gin mule, a gin mojito.  Second, if you're open minded, it will pay off in the form of an earl grey marTEAni  (you wouldn't even know a raw egg is in the mix). Overall, if you are looking to impress, this is the place!  From the geisha dressed waitresses to the mixologists, this places exudes class. Enjoy!
I like the atmosphere and the space.  Great place to stop by and get a drink with a friend or two.  They have a couple booths too so it'd probably be good for a group of 6-8.  Also, they make really good cocktails.  I had a mojito made with champagne!  Yum...
This kinda hidden second floor lounge offers great cocktails which balance taste, strength and aesthetics to be downright awesome. My favorite was the apple cucumber fizz. Light and summery with a kick. Overall, the experience is understated but sophisticated.  Small space, but still has a nice atmosphere about it.  Not too packed, even on a Saturday night, though tables still seemed hard to come by unless you had a reservation. I was oddly obsessed with the wallpaper - gold, textured and almost paisley-ish that framed the luxe but not overdone surroundings.  Good compliment to the fabulous cocktails. Service was the weak point. Minus one star for that and one of the location, which I consider to be out of the way.
The decor is nice. The setting not too crowd but with enough people. The music isn't too loud so it is a perfect place for a date. The drinks are not overly priced but yet not super dive bar cheap. Good place for after work drinks or on a date.
This has become one of my favorite places for cocktails. When you first walk in, there's a little line, but that's only if you want to wait for a table. My friends and I like to go straight to the bar. The friendly waiters always welcome you.   The atmosphere in here is always so nice. The decoration is of modern styles infused with traditional Asian flair.   Have a seat at the bar, browse through the menu. After you order your drink, watch the waiters make your drink. They make the art of bartending very entertaining. Many of the drinks come in the round champagne glasses, sometimes with orchids! Very beautiful. And take a sip, you will be pleased with your drink choice. All of the drinks are so beautiful and there's an elegance to them. This is not your typical bar, it's one of those places that take you away from the everyday. I can hardly wait to go back there! =)
As far as cocktail lounges go, I don't think they get much better. Decor is very nice, great ambiance. Whether your on a date, with a group of friends or just at the bar by yourself, this place is it. I went twice in the past 2 weeks (a Friday and following Saturday) and both times I was at the bar, so I cant comment on the table service but the bartenders were very nice and accommodating....One negative is that drinks can take some time, as many of the drinks are complicated, but watching the drinks being made is quite a show. As stated by others, they have  EXCELLENT drinks and an extensive variety of liqueurs, I actually saw one on the wall that  hasn't been available for years in the US. I did not get a chance to sample the dining menu, guess that will be for next time.......
Amateur Hour. First off I don't often walk into loungy-looking places like this. I do however frequent cocktail bars and am slowly drinking my way across the city. A friend had the Bay leaf Martini, a fino-forward tipple served with a bay leaf stuck in the glass. Actually looks pretty, but it's premixed. Premixed, sitting in the fridge in an old Absolute bottle -- then gets poured over ice, stirred and served. You do know I can drink at home, right? Why not premix every drink in the place and have it dispensed by a Japanese ramen-shop robot? I had the lounge's eponymous drink expecting too much. I'm sure that this can be a fine drink, but what I got was a glass of acidulated gin with a strong citrus pith pucker. It tasted like something invented on-the-spot by someone who had just a marginal amount of cocktail knowledge. Space is nice enough but could be amazing. Drinks were kinda a lot. Service was pleasant but too slow for the number of people there. Cocktail enthusiasts, I'm sure, will continue to head here on something resembling a pilgrimage, but like myself will probably not want to revisit.
Pegu Club was one of the originators of the craft cocktail movement, but now they seem rather sad and dull out of step.  Their space is laughable and not intimate at all.  Their drinks list is short and uninventive and their cocktails are overpriced for the quality.  Moreover, THERE IS A MANDATORY 20% SERVICE CHARGE ON ALL DRINKS ON THE WEEKEND.  What?!  Excuse me?  That is plainly absurd.  I got three drinks for $12 each and was charged a total service fee of $8, which is decidedly more than I would have paid in voluntary tips.  Won't be going back.  Go to Little Branch and have a great drink and excellent service in a perfect atmosphere.  And leave Pegu Club to the ibankers and douchebags.
It's been better...I've been to Pegu 5/6 times in the last 4/5 years. Most drinks tonight were good - not great.   In the past, they have been great.   Ordered a French 75 as a final cocktail of the night. $18. And for that price, it better be outrageous.  First, it came served in a highball glass - on the rocks. Odd and not in a good way. These are first world problems. Then again, so is complaining on yelp.
After a week of celebrating at great places in NYC, I was stunned by the quality and variety of the cocktails at Pegu. Great atmosphere, dark, moody, great music and talented bar tenders. Good crowd really started to pack the place by 11. I think I tried EVERY cocktail on the menu. The liquor is top notch, and the herbs and accessories (OMG the MINT) were incredible. Our bartenders, shaking technique was very impressive (I've NEVER seen someone shake like that :-). Then a little after midnight we got the munchies and orders their "diver scallop sliders", gorgeous wee burgers with perfectly cooked scallops. Wow, amazing food, amazing cocktails, amazing "scenery", what a fantastic place.
My friend had recommended this place several times but I didn't realize it was right around the corner from my office until he called me to meet him for a drink. I walk past it every day and never noticed the discreet entrance that leads you up to the second floor lounge. Very understated and classy, but not pretentious.  When I got there it was early and fairly empty, but by the time we left it was pretty crowded- but not to the point of overcrowded.   I highly recommend the Pisco Punch.  It tastes.. well yes like punch.  Fantastic.  My friend had the Pegu Club cocktail (their specialty one).  The was a bit stronger but still quite good.  We also snacked on some vegetable tempura which was a perfect little snack.   All in all a nice chill atmosphere to relax with a good cocktail and have a conversation with a friend (or date!).
Low-key, quiet, and intimate setting for a date. Many mixed drinks to choose from, with your standard NYC prices ($14/drink). Not too bougy, not too casual. Drinks were good.
I celebrated my birthday on Saturday here, and it was terrific.  The drinks here are delightful (especially the earl grey martini).  We reserved a table for ten which worked out fine, and had the seats first come first serve.  The friends who arrived later, happily drank at the bar. Pegu has a nice vibe, we had champagne, shots and drinks throughout the evening, and didnt get tired of the venue.  No one got overly annoyed with us singing the birthday song or snapping pics with flash.  I'd come back for a normal night as well, even though drinks here do come with a price.
This place is very nice inside.  The drinks were delicious.  A lot of the specialty drinks have gin, which is a liquor that I don't drink.  However, I did try one of their drinks with gin, and must say, it really was quite tasty.  Tried some of the appetizers...the crab rangoon and the tacos.  Both were disappointing.   Don't come here for the bites, just come for a drink or two and a nice atmosphere to spend some time with friends.  Well made cocktails and great music.
I've mentioned many times in the pas that I'm a huge fan of a well-crafted cocktail. The bartenders at the Pegu Club aren't just slinging drinks, they're creating masterpieces. When my brother and I arrived the first thing we noticed was the fact we couldn't find the place. At least from what we could see there isn't any signage outside of the logo on the front door. But we found it, walked upstairs and were just blown away by the class of this place; it has it in spades. We settled in at the bar and ordered a manhattan. Even if you don't like them you need to order one just for the show. The bartender started by tossing in a couple dashes of bitters into the bottom of a glass. He followed that up with the sweet vermouth and then rye rather than bourbon. He took a small bowl, filled it with crushed ice, made a hole in the ice and slid in a small carafe. He then grabbed one large ice cube, cracked it in half and tossed it in the glass (repeating that step twice more). Toss in three more ice cubes and then stir. He poured the drink into a small martini glass, poured the rest into the carafe. He selected just the right cherries for garnish and then served. I still think Tini Biggs in Seattle does a better manhattan, but this is a close second. And I admire the precision of this recipe. From there we turned the night over to the bartender, simply mentioning the main liquor we wanted and trusted his skill. Not once were we disappointed, although a couple of drinks didn't quite match our tastebuds. This is a great place to relax, enjoy the atmosphere, the people and some great drinks.
I really like this new mixology concept.  Apart from getting really tasteful and refreshing drinks, these places tend to be more relaxed and tailored for conversation.  I went to Pegu for the first time this past weekend, and I enjoyed my experience.  I had the Old Cuban, Jamaican Firefly, and Fitty Fitty, in order of awesomeness. The bartender took about 5 minutes to make each of my drinks, and it was really a pleasure to watch him - no compromise, no hastiness.  All these drinks were basically 100% alcohol, but they were so well mixed that you would swear it was mostly well tasting chasers!  For that, I think the bartender stayed true to the Mixology concept.  I had a great time at Pegu.  The only drawback is that the prices are outrageous - no matter how good the drink tastes, it always hurts to pay $15/drink.  I guess that's just the price you pay for innovation!
I had heard so much about this wondrous place and glad that someone finally took me out to taste the cocktails and enjoy the lounge space.  Funny how the menu has a historical introduction about the origins of their concept for the idea, which had a lot to do with British imperialism, but in Asia.  So there is a hint of Asianese going on here, with the cocktail waitresses in a silky kimono like robe which isn't exactly Chinese nor Japanese exactly. Nor Burmese as claimed. Well, they were trying. Friday night was a bit noisy and quite loud - I imagined that it'd be a bit more soothing and quiet, but that probably can be attributable to more irritable things that happened that day, which has nothing to do with Pegu itself.  But there is an energy about the dark, candle-lit place.  It is quite sexy. As for cocktails, I tried the Earl Grey MarTeani and my companion had the Whiskey Smash.  Both were delightful - great cocktails, but I wouldn't rate them as good as Angel Share's. This place is really hot.  Great place for a date or a SATC re-enactment.
always great cocktails... everything can be customized.  Crowd is afterwork and soho chic
Pegu Club was a recommendation from one of my close friends and I'm very glad that I took her advice and came here! Location: I rarely go out in Soho because the bars are so spread out and the crowd is usually super pretentious (funny as that is what I used to seek out... I must be getting old). This bar is unmarked, but there are a few restaurants and bars nearby. We took a cab, as again, Soho is annoying to get too via subway. Ambiance: Great place to come with a group of friends and get a table or on a date. I wouldn't come here with one or two girlfriends looking to meet people or to get rowdy. It's a great place to start the night with a really strong drink. Drinks: Five stars! I recommend any of the champagne drinks (I love champagne). I've also had the bartenders make me stronger drinks that aren't listed on the menu. If you can handle it, try it. Service: It's crowded, so your best bet is to get a table and have a waitress for table service. if you sit / stand at the bar, be prepared to wait a little longer for a drink, but they will get to you - the service has always been great! Price: This is a "mixology" bar, so be prepared for higher prices. I feel that the price is right, though. Food: Delicious calamari and large portions for a place like this. I recommend getting food if you sit at a table. Summary: Try Pegu Club out! If you are looking for a lounge, a strong drink, a sultry crowd or to impress a friend or date.
I never liked gin till I came here. Their signature drink is soooooo good, and strong to boot. Lots of other great gin drinks as well. Classy joint. Chill. A must try!
I've been dying to go to the Pegu Club and finally made it here on a recent business trip.  Terrific place.  The room is quiet and well  appointed with very little of the attitude or posing I've seen in other high end cocktail locations.  Great place to enjoy a well made cocktail and hold a conversation. Not to get too philosophical but does the cocktail lead to a good conversation, or is a good conversation conducive to having a good cocktail?  My head hurts thinking about it. While the menu had many interesting sounding libations, since it was my first visit I ordered a Manhattan, the cocktail by which I judge all cocktail establishments.  I am pleased to report that Pegu Club mixes a wonderful Manhattan.  On the night I was in the bartender suggested a mix of Old Overholt and Wild Turkey Rye, which turned out to be very tasty indeed. As usual Rye made a flavorful, slightly astringent concoction, with only a hint of sweetness.  Brandied Cherries on the side (yum).  Something I really appreciate - they poured the first serving into my glass and the second serving remained in the decanter, lovingly surrounded by crushed ice to keep it cold. I really enjoyed the room which was dark, very open, with comfortable low chairs and tables throughout.  Very calming and adult.  I am happy to report not a TV in the place.  I'll be back on my next trip, especially since the hotel I stay in is just a few blocks away.
When I walked into Pegu Club, I felt like I was back in 2005.  Basically, while the rest of the New York cocktail scene has evolved over the last 10 or so years, Pegu Club has not.  The menu is always the same as is everything else.  There really is not much to choose from and the bartenders do not seem very comfortable with asking for a bartender's choice.  While I do enjoy their pisco punch a lot, that is not enough for me to want to frequent this place or give it major accolades.  While this bar was one of the most important bars during the early days of NYC's top notch cocktail culture, it simply is nowhere near a must visit anymore.
I have kept their card in my wallet for over a year now for reasons unknown. If I ever am struck with amnesia, at least I'll have their name and address? Future wallet thieves will know I have good taste in cocktails? Whatever the reason, there is something about this place that really grabs me. I found the atmosphere pleasant and un-pretentious. The Gin Gin Mule was great for those who can handle a big hit of ginger in the taste buds. On weeknights, it's easier to relax here with a cocktail or two and have intimate conversation. If you get hungry, it's not the most cost-effective place, but the duck sliders will temporarily fill you up. But I'd probably plan for dinner elsewhere.
Great lounge spot.  Not too crowded; able to talk and hear conversation with a group.  Attentive and able barkeeps.  Very chill, very nice.  Some drink described as DElish, DElightful, DElovely was appropriately named and fittingly describes this place.
The boyfriend likes a place that is a lounge, intimate, comfortable, has good service, pretty awesome drinks, and no lines. And that's what he got for his birthday. I decided on Pegu Club because of how similar it is to a speakeasy but doesn't really carry all that baggage of actually being a speakeasy. Located on the second floor, the vibe of Pegu was modern with a nice chic feeling. We got seated right away by the window, across from the bar itself and had comfortable cushioned couch chairs. We got 2 glasses of water right away which is pretty awesome in my books when I don't have to ask for one at a lounge. Tantris Sidecar and Whiskey Smash are delicious. Pegu Club Cocktail and Little Italy were a bit of a killer, really strong indeed. Great atmosphere and the waitresses were extremely attentive and does their job well. We also ordered a plate of deviled egg, I'm not a bit fan in general so I couldn't really enjoy it. The deviled egg does pack a lot of spice though. Definitely will return to try the other cocktails and also have the mixologists create one for my taste buds. Nice spot for a first date also!
Ah, what a crying shame. So here's the background: I live in London, UK. It's my wife's 40th birthday. We're going to NY with 8 of out friends for a long weekend to celebrate. We need a bar to go to before we go to Buddakan for the big birthday meal. It's not going to be that easy to find a bar that can seat 10 of us on St Patrick's Day evening (not my wife's fault her birthday is on 17 March), so I email a few places. Pegu reply and say "sure we can seat 10 of you, just let us know what time you're going to be here and a name and a number" - great! I reply with my contact details and the time we'll be arriving. Then, on the night itself I ring the bar a few hours ahead of time, to just to confirm the table (it's my wife's big day, I'm not taking any chances). The woman on the end of the phone says "Yep, we got you - see you later tonight." You can see what's coming, right? We get there - ten of us go up the stairs, into the bar and the lady who greets us looks at me like I just threw up on her shoes. And I haven't even opened my mouth yet. "How many of you are there?" "There's ten of us.. I have a table res..." "Ten!!!???" "Yes, ten. I reserved a table. If you look under my name..." "No, I'm sorry, we don't have you here." "I rang a couple of hours to confirm the table." She throws a disbelieving glance at me and goes off to check if I'm lying or not. Five minutes later she's back with bad news: they don't have our reservation. This is despite the fact I can show here the original emails on my phone. We're told there is a table we can have but it's reserved for 10:30.... in three hours time. The table is big enough to seat 8 comfortably, another chair is brought up and we're squeezed in - it's a circular booth, so if you want to go to the bathroom you're going to have to climb over at least 4 other people to get out. "This is the table where we seat groups of ten." we're told. Really? What about that long table right there? Oh, that's reserved? I F'ING RESERVED A TABLE! I don't mind if bars, restaurants etc mess up. Everyone messes up. But when they refuse to admit they messed up, when they act as if I'm in the wrong, when they put a glitch in my wife's birthday because they're too cool to admit they can't work their own reservation system... when they're just downright rude even when you're bringing in ten people to spend hundreds of dollars in their bar...then you get one star. Which, as I said, is a shame. Because our waitress was great, and the drinks were good.
I thought the location of this place was kind of strange, but after you walk up stairs you really could be anywhere. After looking at the bar and menu this bar caters to Gin & Rye drinks which I love both. I think its due to what they were drinking before Prohibition and at the Pegu Club in Burma. ...I could be wrong. Anyway I had nice cocktail in the afternoon, that was super strong and I enjoyed till the end. This is a great place that is pretty central and where you can get a great cocktail.
Don't get the poquito picante and deff don't eat the pepper. The last is the obvious but the drink was bad
We had a going away get together here for a coworker that was leaving the company since she loved this place. We had a small area where several couches were dedicated to our group and the waitress was attentive the entire time we were there. We booked it for a Wednesday night so it didn't get very crowded at any point. Our group had a variety of the appetizers and we ordered a variety of drinks as well. I'm a huge fan of the Pisco Punch since I'm a total lightweight and you can't really taste the alcoholic punch in that cocktail.
This place makes great cocktails. I can not complain. I had a gin gin mule and really, the best tasting "mojito" ever. Yea...sure the price is a bit stiff ($12 for a cocktail), but its also not everyday you get such a well-made cocktail. The bartenders were real serious about their gig, and there was alot of shaking going on! Nice to have bartenders in ties and snugly fit vests and taking cocktails to a different level. My BF had a fifty-fifty, very very good. A well done martini, hard to come by! Don't forget to dress appropriately, as the clientele is good looking and sharply dressed! They also have food, but didn't try it this time, perhaps we'll go back again...mos def!
Been coming here for over 10 years now.  Still the best cocktail lounge in NYC.  Will miss Kenta :(  And Scotty and Dell are gone now too!  But really, still the best interior, cocktails, service, etc. for cocktail lounges in NYC.  #1.
I'm at the age where doing shots of tequila and downing Long Island Iced Teas just doesn't seem appropriate anymore, so I'm willing to shell out the cash for intricately-crafted libations.  And Pegu Club is the perfect place to do so, alongside my gentleman lover, where we sit and speak softly to each other while he sips his favorite (an Old Fashioned) and I enjoy an Earl Grey Martini.  Drinking here feels like I've been transported back in time to the Mad Men era.  Yes, this place is beyond sexy.  And yes, it is a little bit pricey, but the cocktails are smooth and beautifully made.
This place never disappoints. If you're not familiar with Pegu Club, you'd better look at your life and look at your choices. Walking down Houston it's easy to pass by it without even knowing because all there is to distinguish it from the rest of Soho is a door with the logo on it. When you open the door you're met with all velvet everything (but not in a tacky way- in a tall dark and mysterious kind of way) and a complimentary coat check window. Walk up the stairs and you've entered the classiest of establishments. Everything's good looking- the sofas, tables, staff, and clientele. This is the place you go when you need to schmooze. As for the drinks- peep the dollar signs above- but they're worth every penny. I don't consider myself a lightweight, but after just one and I've got a good buzz going on. The second and third one are even better. If you like champagne, I recommend getting La Fleur de Paradis. It's exquisite- sweet without being too sweet with a bit of a tarty taste from the grapefruit that's in it. If you like to drink to taste the hard alcohol, they have a nice selection of those drinks as well- can't remember the name of the one I had, but then again, it was my 3rd drink..... Bottom line: Pegu always delivers. Only took 1 star away because my wallet hated me the next day.
The Pegu Club is this hidden gem in the hustle and bustle on the border of Soho and Noho. It's an amazing place for a break from shopping on Broadway. Just step upstairs and you're transported to what seems like a classy Asian gangster hangout from the sixties. While their drinks are pricey, they are worth it, made with the best ingredients and always taste amazing.
With no expectations Karl H. and I stopped in for "just one drink" at 8pm on a Monday. The room was nearly empty and we were seated in what at first seemed an inconvenient table with 2 club chairs... but within 10 minutes I was in love with that cozy mohair friend; and I had a perfect view of the runway like aisle where the leggy nubile girls made their way up to the bar. I'm not too hot on gin (the mixology of which they specialize in) so the drink menu felt limited to a "picky drinker" like myself. I almost ordered the apple cobbler cocktail, but my inner cool kid scurried through my head screaming "Don't be lame! Order a real drink you pussy!"  So I ordered the Jamaican Firefly ($13), which is much like a Dark and Stormy at M&H, complete with a nugget of crystallized ginger. But I'm kicking myself in the shins for not ordering the Earl Grey Martini; damn you self imposed one drink maximum. Though I get nervous when challenged by either gin or egg white, I can't get this drink out of my head... next time I'll buck up and face my fears. The crown upon this bar was the soundtrack; like a portal into the past the music bathed us in the warmth of Ella and Louis and all those wonderful 1940 orchestra standards... and I sat there pretending to be extra in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade; without this music the Pegu magic will die.
One of my favorite places to get a cocktail in New York.  The place feels exclusive and the quality of their cocktails are so fantastic.  The service always exceeds our expectations.  The decor makes you feel like you are in another world even though you can peer through the windows and still see you are on Houston street.  It's just a little too crowded for my taste on the weekends, but it's definitely festive.  I usually opt for the Pegu Cocktail, which I have always found to be so well done and distinct that it almost sets the standard for me in terms of quality cocktails anywhere.  (The Jamaican firefly is also quite tasty!)  Their food (which we never really think about when we come here) is always surprisingly great!  Sharp Asian flavors.  Just about anything with duck here is going to make you happy!
Perfect place to sneak inside with the love of your life or hump of the hour, slip into the tub chairs in the back, drink anything with ginger (it will cause your prostate to explode), then head home and do what comes naturally. Can't speak to the stand-by-the-bar scene, or to the bar menu. They seem so besides the point.
I love the cocktails here. Not too loud and the appetizers are delicious.
The place was fairly packed but my friend had a friend there so we were ushered to a couch and some seats.  We enjoyed our drinks as everyone caught up.  The liquor loosened our tongues and the jokes began to bounce around our little corner of the room. This seems like a great place to start off the night before heading off to another spot.  I'll echo the sentiments of other reviewers  and piggyback on the statements that convey that this is a great spot for a first date.
Great cocktail lounge. love the drinks there and the atmosphere. Great date spot or small group talk. Not very noisy but classy, plenty of space.
Great cocktails!  I had a great Jersey Kilt, which was a combination of scotch, applejack & bitters, outstanding.  The Pegu Cocktail is also great, actually haven't had a bad drink here. The food is good, not great, but I'd skip the food all together & go for a second cocktail. One time I was there, a boor sitting next to us wanted a vodka martini, that would be the one thing I wouldn't recommend going to Pegu for.  They are a gin bar, and only have about three vodkas.  As long as you aren't exclusively a vodka martini drinking, you'll find something.
This is one of my favorite bars in the city.  It definitely helps that its within walking distance of my apt, but there really arent many bars like this in the city.  Its got a good amount of space, you can make reservations or sit at the bar, and its got a great cocktail list.  The drinks are good, and you can get little bites to eat.  I know it sounds like a lot of lounges, but there really are not many lounges that can put all this together without any major flaws.  The ginger beer drink (I forget the name) is very good.
First thought upon walking into the second floor space: this is more cocktail ballroom than cocktail den.  While that's a slight exaggeration, this is definitely a more sizable venue than most of the city's cocktail bars.  As such, being here early on a weeknight, one gets the sense that some deals were being made by the well-heeled patrons.  There are some light Asian decorative touches that give it an exotic feel without being kitschy.   Among several cocktails sampled 4 cocktails and there was not one miss.
Solid 4-star establishment. A few Pegu Clubs always sets the mood for a good evening. The mixologists are usually pretty talkative (assuming it's not a crazy night). Get a seat at the bar and don't make plans for the next day.
Cocktails were excellent.  Crowd kind of "meh".  Probably best for one or two cocktails before dinner.  It is definitely worth checking out.
This is a fun lounge place, but calling it a club is a bit misleading.  My girlfriends and I wanted to dance and this is called a club... we were not happy when we saw the ambiance, but it would be fun on a night that you want a more laid back atmosphere.
It doesn't get any better than this! When we firs walked it my 1st impression was that it was an old bar and I wouldn't care much for it. It had been recommended to us by our server at Blue Ribbon Brasseie around the corner so we gave it a try. We sat at the bar and ordered some of The Best craft cocktails I've ever had!! I learned while we were hear that this was one of the original OG spots for craft drinks and the owner(a women) was the creator of my Favorite drink,  GinGin mule! I wish we would of made it back another time, but it will def be a place I go back to next time I'm in NYC. The feel is dark,  and relaxing. We sat at the bar so I didn't unfortunately get to see much of the space but reguardelss if your looking for amazing delicious drinks, come here!
Great environment, always a nice crowd. Cocktails are unique and delicious but very pricey!
Although the prices were outrageous, I absolutely loved Pegu. What was unique was 4 small bottles of liquids on the table- sugar, lemon, lime, and don't remember the last one.  You can add any of these to your own drink and make it as you like it to be. Very cool.
What a cool little place.  Nice staff.  Strong drinks.  Definitely a trendy but not too trendy vibe.  I dig it.  I was pleasantly surprised and hope I find myself back here again.
Avoid this place at all means. It's one of those places where the people working there think they are something and just decide to ignore you. We got there on a Wed night (8 PMish). The place was not exactly packed, but neither empty. We got seated right away but no one took our order until 20 minutes later. And not because she was so busy with other customers, rather busy talking to her friend who seated us. When we kindly requested that our drinks would not take 30 minutes (because we had a reservation at another place), we were ignored. In fact she put in our order when she saw us getting our coats on 30 minutes (!!!) later and came to us saying our drinks would be next. This is an entire hour sitting there and waiting - ridiculous. Another thing why I don't like this place very much is the seating. We were seated near the entrance and you could not really talk because you were sitting too close to these other people to our left and right who seemed to have a very talkative night discussing politics and what not. I know this is not Pegu Club's fault, but they could leave more space between "tables" etc. to make you feel more comfortable. Anyway, the drinks are good, if you take the abuse. And I give it two stars just because of that. One for Pegu, one for the drink. Even though I couldn't really enjoy it and had to finish it right away.
OMG!! I just realized I hadn't reated Pegu Club Yet!!! 4.5 Stars for sure, and here's why: This place has all the reason to be pretentious, selective and over all ALL things I hate about cocktail lounges in NYC.....and it's NOT! I came with a large group of friends on a random Thursday night. We hadn't called ahead for reservations and were prepared to be turned away. Instead, we lucked out as another large group was paying up their bill. The hostess warned that they would NOT rush the other group, and even though their bill would be settled soon, they could continue to sit for up to another hour to enjoy their drinks!! That's AWESOME!! I mean, not for us at the time thinking..."CRAP, they are going to take forever"; but the idea that Pegu wants their patrons to take their time! It's a lounge, it's meant for lounging! We shuffled our way up to the bar with the idea of having a drink or maybe even two while we waited, but as soon as all of us had our drinks, our table was free! We settled up, then settled into our corner booth (tight fit, but intament is what we came for) and chatted the night away! Pegu is my go-to lounge if I'm in the SoHo area, or on a date!
The Whiskey Smash is great. I wish I could describe the other drinks, but I can't get myself to order anything else. If you like mint juleps, then you'll probably like this one. Muddling takes the edge off the rye, and the mint sprig makes your breath smell nicer. Even the ice cubes are pretty. Drinks arrive with four dropper bottles: lemon, lime, sugar, and bitter. It's a nice way to play around with your beverage and totally screw up what the mixologists produced for you. Decor reminds me more of French Vietnam than Burma in that oppressive French colonialism had better interior design than oppressive British colonialism...or the current oppressive military junta. Prices seem on par. What am I supposed to compare them to? They're more expensive than a can of PBR, but cheaper than a caffeinated drink at a K-Town cafe.
I was very impressed with the waitress.  Unfortunately I didn't catch her name, but she sure did know her shit regarding gin cocktails.  The few I tasted were pretty damn good too.  It's a nice lookin' place, fairly quiet, and a nice place to just relax.  I'd go back for sure.
A few years past its prime, but I am never going to complain about the Sidecar or the Earl Grey Martini. Service is so slow & why do they make them wear those ridiculous kimonos?  Early on a weeknight is quiet & pleasant.
These people take their drink-making seriously.  Lots of precision and forethought.  Next time, I will ask for recommendations instead of relying on the menu description.  I selected my drink based on ameretto as an ingredient.  While it smelled of delicious almond, the taste was overpoweringly whiskey.  A bit expensive.  Well, really expensive for an underemployed teacher-type.  Still, I can afford a single drink before hitting the cheaper spots.
As can be deduced from my other reviews, hubs and I have a thing for finely crafted cocktails, as we often do our best to find the best cocktail lounges in every city we visit. After trying out several different, highly regarded cocktail lounges in NYC, this one was by far our favorite. We loved every drink we tried (especially the Pegu Club Cocktail) and were still talking about the amazing tastes and memories of tastes in our mouths hours after leaving. I must also mention the attentive service of the talented bartenders who were serious and focused while also being so quietly confident that they seemingly had nothing to prove. Thank heavens for bartenders without insecurity issues! Finally, I would echo another reviewer's observation that this establishment is not juvenile or hipster (speaking of something to prove!) but grownup and mature, definitely for a sophisticated adult crowd.
yum yum yummy yum. cocktails. a true cocktailery. brought my jameson sipping younger brother here to open his eyes to the wonderful world of classic cocktails. total success. he had the whiskey smash or whatever the play on the mint julep is that they offer. and i had the pisco punch. holy crap. that thing was perfect & dangerous. so perfect it is dangerous- infact the menu warns that this one may go down alittle too easy. we had a simple snack of chicken satay- but next time i'm getting the cobia tartare. good service. great place- but we all already know this.
Spacious. Dimly lit. Pretty. Brilliant cocktails. Soft music in the background. You get the picture. Oh, it's classic. We dropped in here early on a Saturday evening after a walk along Soho. We ordered the vegetable rolls, which was an explosion of tastes with avocado, peppers, mango, basil, mint and carrots. From the drinks menu, I had the earl grey martini which was refreshing (I love earl grey!) and I think my friend tried the gin gin mule. She absolutely loved it and insisted I give the place 5 stars simply based on the drink! Be warned though, to shell out cash because they only accept cards for bills exceeding $40. Why, I say. Why? Overall, an excellent evening. It's a great place for a date and some intelligent conversation. Don't take your noisy drunken friends there though.
This place has AMAZING cocktails! This is definitely a place to come for a treat, not a place to eat or even get buzzed. Portion sizes of the appetizers are laughably (is that a word?) small and the drinks are not very large, BUT everything is super yummy, fresh, and presented well. What impressed me was the large square ice cubes that they use. Yes, random things like that easily impress me.
I love this place.  Speakeasy quality drinks in an unpretentious lounge with plenty of space. Recently had a birthday celebration here, and they were very easy going about making reservations.  There is no 3 drink minimum per guest -- they just let me reserve couches for 15-20 guests without asking questions.  They were extremely responsive to my questions, and accommodating when I adjusted the reservation from Saturday to Friday.   The Gin Gin Mule was still delicious, as was the Jamaican Firefly.  If you take a bite of the candied ginger then a sip of the drink, note that it will be a lot spicier.  The Gentleman's Agreement is also wonderful and the Earl Grey Martini.  The martini has egg white in it, which adds a nice frothy topping and texture to the drink.  The only drink I was not in love with is the Pegu Club.   The big gripe I have about the place is that apparently gratuity was already added to the bill and the waitress did not point it out.  I understand that it's your own responsibility to check the bill, but it would have been nice, given that it was a bigger group with people coming in and out, if they gave us a heads up.   That being said, still one of my favorite places.  Still craving that Jamaican Firefly.
I'm a vodka boy, and I like cheap drinks (hey, who am I kidding, I am cheap).  So, this place had two strikes against it.  However, I ended up loving the place.  SWANKY digs.  Very good service.  I like the "treat everyone like a VIP vibe."  I will definitely go back, though not too often, because my wallet cannot really take that type of hit.
Good spot. It's no speakeasy but I don't see what the fascination is for waiting a long time to get crammed into a place like Angel's Share or any of the other speakeasies. What I like about this place is that you can generally walk in with no issues and get seated. It maintains a cool vibe and isn't ridiculously loud. Pretty intimate spot given the dim lighting and candles everywhere but you can still hit it up with your bros too. Drinks are priced around $15 each but most of them pack a pretty strong punch.
When you don't want to end the night just yet, stop here and sink into the cozy sofas, while sipping a glamorous drink. I like the private feel of this place, and the fact you can talk without losing your voice. A good stop to wind down the night. I actually didn't think I was going to like this place, Nice surprise.
This review is solely based on our bar experience on a Saturday night. 4 of the stars are for the awesome cocktails and ambience, the 5th is given to the awesome staff, namely Raul and Ricky at the bar. This was the first we my friends came here, and definitely will not be our last.  From the expertly made cocktails to the great service behind the bar, and the very grown up and sexy dimly lit room, we had a blast!  And this is how a pit stop to get a quick drink in the west village turned into a 3 hour hang out. Thank you Raul!  see you soon!
Great spot to meet up with a group of friends. I heard that Pegu is usually pretty crowded, but I guess we got lucky since it was freezing outside. My group of six was able to get a table without much issue. I would describe Pegu as a trendy lounge that has the speak-easy type mixologists. The drinks here are strong and well made. I had the Manhattan and Whiskey Smash - both were superb. If you're looking for something more clubby with dancing, then I wouldn't recommend Pegu. But if you're looking to have conversations over drinks to catch-up with friends, then Pegu is a prime choice. I will definitely be back!
Well, my first review, but I felt i just got to start somewhere! Went to Pegu on a Monday, so there's no complaints about a crowd! Ambiance is pretty amazing. Two things caught my eye,one being the bar counter, which is shaped out of seemingly one large trunk, which still retains its creases, rings etc. In fact, the edge of the counter is not straight, and still has the curves of the original wood. Second thing is the place looked double its actual size, due t he placement of mirrors on the opposite side of the entrance. Anyway, lets hit the main parts: Drinks: Well, I tried the Whiskey Smash (it was Rye), which was pretty darn good. And then the house drink: A Pegu Club Cocktail, which was good, but not as interesting as the Jamaican Punch, which was a whole lotta alcohol, with crushed peppers. AMAZING. (I never ordered it, so only got a sip:-|) Mixologists were really good, and our guy was the "What are you feeling like today,....make something that fits your mood" kinda barman, which i personally love!
This may be my new favorite place for after dinner drinks (thanks Zarif T. for the recommendation).  Came here to chill with my old college roomie (go U. Chicago!) and catch up, and it was perfect.  No wait at all for us two, on a Tuesday night.  Decor is dark, intimate, and classy, without being pretentious.  Plenty of space, so you can feel like you have some privacy, which is always a nice thing.   Drinks were great, definitely speak-easy quality, and relatively reasonably priced, for NY speakeasy standards (around 12 bucks per drink).  Really good quality stuff, though most appeared to be gin-based (which was not a problem for me at all nom nom gin).  Me and my ex-roomie tried pretty much everything on their menu and it was all delicious.  Some of my favorites were the scallop burger, smoked trout deviled eggs, and duck bites.   One recommendation for everyone though..this is more a place for after dinner drinks rather than a place to get dinner and drinks (like what I ended up doing).  The food is delicious but pricey, so you will put down some serious money if you're looking to get full.
Earl Grey Martini--sooo good! Great for a date or catching up.  Love the low-key feel.
I truly believe quality cocktails are worth some extra $$, therefore I love Pegu.  If you're a price averse person, this place isn't for you.  Pegu's drinks are small and pricey - but also tasty and inventive.  The mixologists are creative and their excellent skills are apparent in that I've never had a drink I don't like here.  The clientele can get touristy (think, Europeans throwing money dollars around) on weekends but if you come on a weeknight - be prepared to chill out and enjoy some liquor in the most delicious way.
This places lives up to the hype for sure. Cocktails are slightly pricey, but well worth the price. I had the whiskey smash and the girls had the gin-gin mule. Both were INCREDIBLE. We got there around midnight, and were seated immediately at a table (wasn't expecting that). The place has great decor, and is definitely a go-to if you're looking for a solid cocktail with an intimate ambiance.
I love the Pegu Club and its amazing cocktails. It's a sophisticated atmosphere and the cocktails are perfect.  Bartending is a real art here.  I love the Jasmine Peach Fizz, the Pineapple Pisco Sour, and whatever drink it is with the cucumbers.  The doormen make sure that the place doesn't get too crowded so that there is not a long rowdy line for drinks.  The bartenders are old school mavens and the rest of the staff is extremely polite and courteous. In the front, there is space for larger groups (although I highly recommend that you make a reservation), and there are small tables in the back.  It's an ideal place either for a group of friends or a date.
Wow. These are delicious cocktails. Absolutely the best ingredients possible, crafted with diligence and skill, and at $13 for most cocktails, I'll go back any time I need a high quality libation. Also, they offer Regan's orange bitters and Peychaud's bitters for $6/10 oz. bottle, which is as good a deal as you can find anywhere. My husband and I tried: Jamaican Firefly (their version of a "dark and stormy" with homemade ginger beer--the bartender recommended it over the Gin-Gin Mule) Earl Grey MarTEAni - a gin drink made with earl grey and a frothy, frothy egg white. Delectable. Not too sweet. Zelda - gin, muddled maraschino cherries, lemon. The candied cherries had a great taste, but eating a whole one made me feel like my teeth would fall out. Tantris Sidecar-Cognac, yellow Chartreuse, calvados, mmm. Red Pepper, Red Pepper - Tequila, Yellow Chartreuse, St. Germain (elderflower liqueur), red pepper, chili pepper. perfectly balanced. a manhattan remix -- I've forgotten the name of this one. It's a Manhattan, using Cynar. The bartender edified us that Cynar is bitters made from artichoke. Artichoke! With one supersweetdelicious cherry, this one was nicely balanced. We also got a calamari, which was crispy and tasted great, but the sauce was spicy, which i usually love, but I didn't want it to muddle my palate. The place was quiet enough for easy conversation, and Scott, our bartender, was attentive and funny, and wasn't even in a bad mood about working on Superbowl Sunday. He told us that the first page of the drink menu (about 12 cocktails) was designed by Audrey, the owner, and the second page (about 6 cocktails) is comprised of the bartenders' recipes. It's a good sign when the bar has invested enough in its employees to allow them a little creative freedom.
This ranks in the top 5 sexiest cocktail lounges I've had the pleasure of experiencing. You walk in and are immediately surrounded by the subtle sophistication of the place (dim lighting, red/dark colors, etc). This place also has a history to it, which you can read about on the menu. I arrived around 8pm on a Friday and thanks to the nice hostess, was able to secure a table for 3 with no wait and no reservation! This is basically unheard of for popular places in NY. I had two gin cocktails and the duck sliders (2), all of which were delicious. My friends enjoyed their drinks and food too. It can be hard to hear conversation, so sit close if you want to talk! All the better for a romantic date or a gossip session with your girlfriends.
I went there last night with a large-ish party. It was about half full. For some reason the waitresses came to our table once ever hour. Literally, once an hour. I was very thirsty and it was very painful.  Thankfully the scenery wasn't bad. I just got a scotch so I can't comment on the fancy drinks.
this place is hot. the setup is sexy and subdued swanky. not all out swanky and plush; manageable. it's dim like all cocktail lounges - but unlike the rest it has enough romantic lighting to see distinct features. not a bad move for those whose vision gets a little blurry after a couple nightcaps. the cocktails - i've had better. some of them can be fire water - i kid you not. i think the cocktails are much more suited for men who aren't quite straight-scotch drinkers. personally i prefer the fresh juices and puree-type cocktails. the people are hot. muy caliente. but don't expect to get a chance to grope them on the dance floor - there isn't one, and even if there were one, people are too tragically hip to get low here. honestly.. i can't remember whether they even played music.
In town and randomly found this place. I could not have been anymore lucky, what a great place with a friendly helpful staff . I may have been spoiled as it was a mellow off evening or I was just early. Try everything twice. Can't wait to go back
Cha-ching! This place is money. If you take ANYONE here, they will say "wow, colin what impeccable taste you have". Your name is probably not colin, but you get the drift. If you can't tell your grey geese from your smirnoffs then this might not be the place for you. However, if you can you're in for a treat. Pegu Club makes their own ginger beer +++, and the mixologists are true artists of their trade. Like a good restaurant, go when they aren't slammed to get the best service and the highest quality drinks. My favorite bar in NY.
I think the decor/ambience here is keeping me coming back to this place, because the staff certainly isn't.   Their attitudes are laughable.  It does take a long time to get a drink, and in this case it was spilled on my friend by our waitress.    Last time, I had a bartender that refused to smile!  Um, your tip gets lower if you're not nice to me!  Rule #1!   Another time I couldn't even get in because the maitre d didn't like my male friends shoes!  There was a group of girls in flip flops in front of us but he didn't like my friends $200 ostrich-shoes (i agree the fashion choice should be questioned, but not their suitability for this establishment).  Anyway, the somewhat indistinct entrance, the sliding door to the bathroom,  the somewhat classy london-y feel of the decor and the quality of the drinks when you finally get them have all conspired to make me frequent this place.
I really wanted to give this place 5 stars...but a few of the fellow patrons are what led me to stick with 4. This is a great cocktail lounge that I had been wanting to try for some time. On a whim, and somewhat early on a Friday night, my friend and I stopped in for drinks (more than what we had planned - whoops!) and some bites. We were greeted at the top of the stairs and seated at a small table toward the back of the lounge. The seats are heavy, but very comfortable and each table has its own light. We decided to share a few of the small bites from the menu as our dinner so we picked three - the shishito peppers, crispy squid and the famous scallop mini burgers. The shishito peppers were great - always a crowd pleaser. The crispy squid was good, nothing special in my book. The scallop burgers were awesome. The scallop is sliced width-wise and laid on the bun with a chipotle mayo, fresh basil and onions. Rich but damn good. As for the cocktails - I started with the French Pearl - a mixture of gin, pernod, mint, lime juice and simple syrup. It was delicious - and not overly-pernod-y if you catch my drift. I had been toying with ordering the Cucumber Creole, so I decided to have that next. That drink contains gin, aquavit, sherry, cucumber, mint and lemon juice. Good, but honestly, after having the French Pearl, I was spoiled....so I went back....for a good handful more. Our server was pleasant and attentive. Though...there were two lower couch areas near our table both containing couples who were literally making out the entire time. So, due to how my friend and I were facing, we each had a couple just behind the other's shoulder who was mid-tongue for much of the evening. Had that not been happening, I am sure we would have liked our time better, but c'est la vie. Next time I go, I'd like to sit at the bar and see what else the bartenders can create. A nice, dimly lit, lounge atmosphere. We arrived around 7pm and it stayed busy until we left (around midnight).
Pegu Club is top shelf. Sit at the bar and watch Kenta Goto go. It's as if the jigger is an extension of his hand... See him shake with speed and grace. Taste the magic he pours into your glass... Ahhh. This space is bigger than Death & Company or Little Branch, for example, and it's just so much easier to find the door. There are good nibbling options to complement the cocktails (sloppy duck sliders, deviled eggs). Their recent 5th anniversary cocktail menu features shout-outs to past Pegu Club bartenders, and the drinks they contributed over the years... nice touch! I agree with other yelpers that the kimonos are pretty weird. But that's really the only bad thing I can think of to say about this spot.
Expertly made cocktails that made my 3AM buzz truly shine.
Best cocktail place in nyc.....try the earl grey martini...its always delicious...
A nice space with good drinks.  I ordered something with an unknown ingredient that turned out to be fennel-related.  Despite hating anything tasting or smelling of licorice, it turned out to be okay.  To create something with fennel-flavor that I enjoy is pretty impressive. Though not terribly fancy, I'll be sure to make myself presentable on nights I might find myself at Pegu.
The 3 star rating is one of relativity. Relative to most bars and lounges, the cocktails  are well presented and well made. Relative to other mixology shrines (PDT, Death and Co, Dutch Kills, Little Branch, etc) this pales in comparison. Maybe the problem that after having gone to all the rest, my expectations were high. On the other hand, I have never had to send back drinks and yesterday I've send back two. First one because after explaining to the waitress that I hate fruity cocktails, I got a syrupy pomegranate concoction. For the second try I told her more specifically that I like dry, strong drinks with bitters. The result was hilarious. I was brought a bland gin/soda cocktail with a tray of bitters and told to make my own mix since the bartender wasn't sure how I like it. And that's for $13. Having sent that back and having been admonished by the waitress for finickiness, she brought me an actually really delicious mix of tequila and bitters but forgot to mention that unlike all other drinks this one is $17. Overall, though the lounge is spacious and inviting and the drinks are mostly well made, Pegu Club doesn't compare to it's competition. The service is so-so, the bartenders don't seem to really know what they are doing unless the cocktails are on the menu and even most of those lack strong flavor profiles and taste rather similar to one another.
Really nice narrow and long comfortable venue.  Pretty romantic.  Fantastic live swing music every Sunday. Only thing not to like is the outrageous prices for their skimpy drinks.  $18 for a glass of champagne and $18.50 for a tiny tequila mojito. Of course we won't be back at this prices.
It was definitely dead the night I was here.  Perhaps, it was because it was a Sunday evening, perhaps it was something else.  Either way we were all just stopping in for a drink. Due to the lack of customers that evening, our cocktail waitress was super friendly, and because of the time on her hands, she was able to ramble on about the multitude of drinks they served.  However to our dismay, most of them contained gin. Hmm...not a fan of gin?  No problem...she was able to suggest something that you would like.   I however, stuck to my drink of choice, even though the vodka selection was limited. The place was nice and intimate, and the thing I remember most were the drinks, they were really good, and really well presented.  Each with a lovely garnish, which was very thoughtful and creative.  This is a place that really takes their drinks serious, and it's made evident by the taste, the presentation AND the price tag.  But definitely worth it.
A cocktail nirvana if there ever was, and yet the railcar-width room doesn't quite satisfy. Still, I've rarely had a more complete love-in with mixed drinks here in Manhattan. But only half the atmospherics of, say, Angel's Share, but all the price (and more).
Good selection of Cocktails with a friendly bar tender, but go early if you want to beat the crowd.
The part of me that would sit in a bar to "enjoy" an interesting and well mixed drink or feel that my date would... I'd say says this place is a 4 star.  Quality drinks, nice atmosphere, location etc. the part of me that prefers to go to less pretentious bars, have bartenders that actually want to server you, don't want to pay 15+ for each drink (it's liquor and juice as Alex says, right), and where I don't get kicked out for singing with my friends...gives this place a 2 star review. Down the middle for you yelpers, then.
Went here during my day of "Around the World" drinking. I am a bit of a glamour-puss so after spending the day at sports bars and dives with my guys friends, I dragged them to this be-utee. Initially, they balked at the prices (about $16 is a nice average?) but the drinks are just so damn good it's worth it. Almost no bar has my favorite drink - Corpse Reviver - and the bartender didn't even flinch about it. Such a delicious, low-profile, mysterious spot tucked neatly into a less-populated spot on Houston. I love, love, love this spot. Any girl would!
Gin drinker's rejoice, the very best of the best when it comes to gin cocktails. Their standard is their self named cocktail, a wonderful crisp and citrus flavored drink, that doesn't lose all the great reason why we drink gin in the first place. However, my personal favorite is the Earl Grey Martini - a tea infused gin based cocktail that in my opinion sets this place apart from nearby but less enjoyable venues.
This is the 2nd time I've been to Pegu, which was years ago. However, I instantly recognized it when my friend and I came the other nite.  Both the name and decor are just that memorable.   Their Early Grey Martini is really yummy. I'm not sure how they came up w/ mixing Earl Grey Tea, lemon, and egg whites into a drink but it's ingenious!  It was so yummy.  The Zelda, which is some super mixed red cocktail, was really good as well.
Pesco punch goes down easy, beware. It is delicious. It s nice, classy place with an older crowd. The drinks are delectable.
Pegu Club, if I had one word to describe this place, I would choose "classy".  Pegu Club is located on the second floor of a building and they have a pretty intimate space with an Asian flair.  Their cocktail menu is pretty awesome and with that awesomeness comes some pricey drinks.  This place has more of a vibe that I can appreciate since it is definitely not your frat boy, PBR drinking, dive bar but a good place for a first date or after dinner drinks place.
If you can find a the little door next to Dos Caminos that has this coat of arms on it that makes it look like Harry Potter's Yachtclub, then you're in for some very tasty drinks. Get there early, when it gets too crowded its frustrating to wait for the bartenders to notice you. Early also gets you a nice seat at the bar or table. I didn't try the food, I went for the Sidecar cocktail. Other places have truly ruined of this most tasty beverage, but Pegu frickin NAILED it. Everytime. Be careful you don't get too carried away when you go to Pegu. Once you try one drink, you'll want to try them all, and here, you get what you pay for--these drinks are expensive. But they're worth it, knowing you're going to get a high quality cocktail with a twist, everytime.
cozy upscale place in SoHo. kind of hard to find - just a lone door from the street that leads upstairs. very small & cozy, beautiful decor, "suits" are a common site, drinks are tasty & super expensive.
Pegu Club embodies everything a cocktail bar should be: - Delicious cocktails, ranging from classics to modern twists - Classy place with a lot of seating, though it definitely can get crowded - Friendly bartenders who are amazing at their craft - Delicious food to munch on If you're in SOHO I simply can't recommend Pegu Club enough.  It gets crowded, but if you time it right this will be an amazing experience. 238/365
It's one of favorite places. It's pretty hidden but once you find it it's just super cool. Cocktails are great
Went to Peguclub on a Tue night in Nov based on a recommendation by someone from a Web Conference I had attended earlier. The drinks and service were classy. The earl grey marteani was delicious. First time I've ever tried a raw egg drink. I had another drink but can't remember the name. Anyhow, that's the one that stood out. It's definitely a good place to bring out of towners.
Overall this is a great place to go for a cocktail. It's nice and they have great cocktails. I had the Earl Gray MarTEAni and i've been thinking about it ever since. So good. I don't actually remember the other cocktails I had, they were good as well but yum yum yum. I went on a weeknight and it wasn't busy at all, very quiet and a great place to meet someone for the first time or if you want to be able to chat!
Love the creative, yummy drinks they serve up here!  I had a champagne mojito that was fantastic!  They also make their own ginger beer, a must try!  Yes, maybe the price is a bit steep, but well worth it! I agree with all the other reviews, stick with the bar.  As soon as we sat at a table, waited for a waitress for over 15 min who never came, so we left.  1 star off!
Great ambiance, sexy lighting...professional bartender. Great for dates. Love it.
Very transportive lounge with an alluring air of old world luxury where the western world meets the eastern. Very boozie carefully crafted cocktails. Don't worry if you pick a wrong one, they're very gracious to replace it for you. Amazing service and beautiful decor. Skip the food, though.
I hate navigating my way around down there. Soho, lower Manhattan, street names, whatever. What the hell is West Broadway anyway? Finally get there (after going in the right direction anyway...just started a few blocks over) and well, walked up the stairs and proceeded to try to get a little table. Wasn't happening. So, got a seat at the bar. The gentleman there doing his work got us a menu and gave us suggestions. I had a cocktail with egg whites, the lady had a punch drink. Excellent. Amazing. Truly a wonderful cocktail. I really wish it was a little bigger and more dimly let, but seriously, what an amazing place to get a great drink. Bring a date here, bring your Dad here, bring someone here who you want to get to know or love already. Don't bring that stank ass Murray Hill-ite from Penn State that just likes rum & cokes at Tonic. Bring that classy girl wearing the dress that you met on that cold winter night hailing a cab (or something like that...you know what I mean). Fratards: stay away. Sororitutes: stay away. Trust me, there are no shenanigans going on here, you f'n goons. Only classy people. Too bad you a$$holes have no idea what that word means....
While I appreciate the devotion to mixology, I found the Pegu Club a bit too precious and it takes itself a bit too seriously.  I'm sceptical of bars with lots of empty seats at 6pm where the superfluous hostess tells you where you can or can't sit.  The cocktails were fine and creative, but no more so than a dozen of other places in New York I can think of.  I'd probably recommend this to someone on a date who wants to seem sophisticated and urbane, but don't expect to enjoy it too much.  Personally, I prefer the Flatiron Lounge - less stuffy.  Or if you want a cocktail lounge which despite lots of rules comes off as less pretentious, try Angel's Share.
Nice place! Drinks are expensive but the lounge and bar are both very comfortable. Had a great time and the manager even bought me a couple of shots of Four Roses because I was in from out of town. Nice people, swanky environment, and good (but expensive) drinks. I'll definitely go back!
So its a Saturday night at 10:45pm and I'm still home. A friend of mine go back and forth on msn, trying to decide if we should haul our lazy bums out into the typhoon-like winds to hang out. Clubs were a no-go since we're both lazy so I hit up good & faithful Yelp.com to find out a great drinks place. Out comes Pegu Club and i'm hopeful from the good cocktail reviews. My friend's been there before but has never had the courage to try a cocktail and has been having their gin & tonics there. So Pegu it was. The place was pretty non-descript. We almost walked right by it. Enter through the small door, with a tall, large gentleman in a suit. He asks us to check our coats and we head upstairs. The place was busy at midnight - we roam around and I decide i want a table. We look for the hostess and she puts us on a list. We hung around the bar for about 10mins until we were called to our window-side table. I was dying to try their Earl Grey MarTeani. He had a Pearl Fever. YUM YUM YUM. I'm in love with their Earl Grey MarTeani! Its delightful and packs a punch, although you don't realise it till afterwards. Initially, we were like "these aren't too strong" only to regret our words later. We ordered another round of cocktails and merrily chatted while I stuffed my face with their Coconut Shrimp :P Drinks and small plates aren't cheap. Cocktails are $12 and small plates range from $10-$16. I had a great time. The place started to empty out at 2am. And we left our warm cosy seats to head out back into the blistering winds. I'll be back - if not for the Earl Grey MarTeanis, then whenever I'm in the mood for great cocktails.
I came here on a Saturday night around 10pm. It was pretty crowded, but I was able to snag a seat at the bar. Watching the mixologists make drinks makes you appreciate your concoction even more. A lot of love goes into those libations! I didn't get to try the food, but everything that I got to see looked great. The music wasn't too loud and the crowd seemed pleasant enough. I will definitely be back!
This is a dimly lit, cozy and intimate place for great cocktails. It's difficult deciding which drink to get since they all sound so good. Of the ones I've tried, my favorite is the earl grey martini. Service is also excellent. I came with a group that kept getting bigger and bigger , and they were very accommodating, bringing in extra chairs for us.
3.5 stars. Pegu strikes me as the type of place you bring someone to, to impress them.  I found the that classy/upscale interior rendered the space impersonal. The good: drinks are delicious and made impeccably, seating availability for larger groups.  I would come back if in a group larger than 4.  But I think in general, I might prefer  the Bar at the Modern for a classy night out; or another, smaller speakeasy for delicious cocktails in a more casual setting.
Stopped by here on a Tuesday night around 10 p.m. Perfect timing. Place wasn't too crowded but had a great mix of people from all types of scenes. Heard a lot about the Earl Grey MarTEAni from you fellow Yelpers so figured I'd give it a go. Delicious! Perfect drink with the chill atmosphere and the comfy booth. Will definitely be going back here...just probably not on a Friday or Saturday. Can see how this place would be hella nuts on the weekend.
Raul, the bartender, was just a terrific mixer and host.  He is there on Wednesday nights, and he is definitely one of the best that ever mixed for me.  Makes an excellent mojito with gin instead.   There are also no lines here - not too much frills but definitely classy.  Good, solid bar.   But ask for Raul!  You won't regret it.  Ask him to surprise you with something good.
I've loved this place for awhile.  The drinks are nice and strong and although pricey, they are well worth it, not to mention delicious. My girlfriend and I went there for our first date, so I made sure we stopped in there the night I proposed.  They gave us complimentary champagne and were so nice, which isn't what you always get with a lounge.  Also our server (forgot her name unfortunately) was a great photographer and managed to snap a great memory for our special night.  Thank you!
Hands down the best cocktails and cocktail experience I've ever had. This place is in a league of its own. The only place that rivals it in the US is Violet Hour in Chicago. Pegu has a grown-up vibe and an outstanding staff. The bartenders are highly professional and knowledgeable, friendly but not intrusive, and clearly love what they do. I had the Pegu Cocktail, the Tantris Sidecar, and the Spring Negroni. All were amazing but if pressed I would have to say the Sidecar was my favorite. Its tantalizing aromas wafted over to me while the bartender was making the drink for someone else and I decided I had to order it. You know you are in a great lounge when you can smell the aroma of a particular cocktail ten feet away. The Negroni was also really interesting. The creative surprise was the use of Genever gin alongside  Beefeater. Gave it a really interesting hint of a smokey whiskey flavor. A combination I will never forget. A really cool extra about the place is their food. They recommend pairings with the cocktails on the menu. Trust them! They know what they are doing! I had their scallop mini burgers with the Pegu Cocktail. The scallop burgers were amazing on their own but the pairing made them taste even better.
Overpriced drinks, overcrowded, with very dimly lit ambiance. Great for small intimate groups, and not so great for larger groups (6+ ppl). This place is average at best, there are better lounges out there.
What is the big deal with Pegu?? Finally found myself there last night after hearing about it and I agree with my fellow yelpers great place to grab a cocktail (a kin to employees only / double seven ) but I feel the place doesn't know what it wants to be. Strong Asian decor - however the cocktail menu does not support that positioning (no sake inspired drink etc).....instead you'll find jamacian firefily ( pimped out dark & stormy), the ritz (champagne infused with bitters, ginger and orange) and commentary that this drink was "inspired by Brian"  who the hell is Brian?  :)   Down at the door they try to give a impression of exclusivity - however the crowd is anything but. Disclaimer - I did not try the food yet..... I think I need too try this place once more to see if my first impression is upheld or if I hit it on a off night.
A nice, relatively low-key place to wind down on weekday nights and weekends.  Absolutely cannot go wrong with the Gin Gin Mule.
We just had our wedding after ceremony party here. The service was outstanding as usual. The vibe was perfect for all age groups. The drinks pleased every palette.  The manager, John, was very attentive and delivered on our agreement. The bar staff as well as the wait/cocktail staff were superb. I want to thank you for the intimate, classy, and always enjoyable atmosphere you have created and maintained for so many memorable years. I love this place. I wouldn't have my guests celebrate with us at any other venue. RAUL the mixologist is hands down the best of the best. Thank you!
Kimonos? Mixologists? Mini Carafs? Third time's a charm, right? Nope! This place is just lame. There is nothing about it that is fun, cool, hip or provides any reason to spend more than a nickle on a draft Bud Light..... The bartenders speak pour English - The music speaks pour tunes - And the crowd is full of first dates that screams desperation...... ...pour
Came here with a group of 8. Luckily we were seated immediately as it was just before the rush (around 9). The drinks menu was really toned down, and wasn't nearly as overwhelming as the menus from other cocktail bars or speakeasies (I'm sure everyone can agree that the ridiculous tomes that some places have can be a bit much and unnecessary). There were maybe 10-12 drinks available and I ordered one gin-based and one whiskey-based drink. Both were equally delightful and while it was overpriced, I came in expecting $13-$14 cocktails. Overall I'd come back again. Especially since Pegu has varied seating arrangements, from booths to small tables to and actual bar. Definitely a fan.
pisco punch. that is all you need to know. and the trout deviled eggs. and the calamari. and the amazing bartender who couldve gotten extra mad that we arrived extra late on a sunday night but instead gave us a round of shots to end the night. great first NYC bar experience for this tourist from boston. pisco punch!!!!!!!!!!11!!
I actually saw Jodi K's review and remembered that i have an opinion on this place. Also, since we compete for number of review, this couldn't hurt. I thought all the drinks were tasty, but i wasn't crazy about the pretension in the air. It may have just been the company. Some girl actually said "oh will you be in the hammies for the 4Th?" maybe i shouldn't blame the place but the people i get stuck with. again, pricey but tasty drinks
This is a nice place to come immediately after work, either with co-workers or clients.  The bartenders definitely know their stuff, and the cocktail menu is innovative.  One of the specialties they created is the Earl Gray Marteani, made with an earl gray infused gin, and it is definitely worth trying.  I felt like they needed more waitstaff to give the kind of personal touch you might want at a cocktail bar if you're really into cocktails.
Blink and you may miss it, Pegu Club features a dimly-lit bar with a great cocktail list. We were here on a Sunday night, which meant for a mostly empty bar. Still, we felt like we could tuck away in a corner and make our own space. The cocktail list is extensive and creative-- it really is hard to choose. However, being guided by a friend who had been before, I try the Earl Grey Marteani and fall in love. It's like the naughty cousin to your morning Earl Grey Tea. I'm not sure if this place becomes a 'scene' on a Friday night, which could be a detraction, but for a quiet and dark getaway, I would return.
This place is a pretty good spot to hang out with friends and enjoy good drinks. My husband tried a number of the cocktails, which is their specialty, and gave them a thumbs up. I was impressed because the wine list wasn't given short-shrift as it often is at places that aren't wine bars. The atmosphere is classy and interesting and while the place does get crowded, you can usually get a seat with only a short wait. They have an interesting-looking menu of small plates to accompany different drinks. I didn't order any since we'd just had dinner, but I will definitely try them the next time we go back. They looked seriously yum. My only complaint is the weird geisha outfits that they get the waitresses up in. What the heck is that about? I mean, I understand that they are going for the old colonial English outpost feeling, but I found the geisha girls to be a touch creepy.
My boyfriend picked this spot as a surprise after our movie night at the Angelika Theater and I was very pleasantly surprised.  It was a cool little bar without seeming to try toooo hard. We had a couple apps and drinks, we were seated at a table, and we were overlooking Houston, so all in all, not too shabby.  I liked Pegu and would come back.
I didn't eat here, but I very much enjoyed the quiet, classy ambiance of Pegu Club.  Tucked on the second floor with rather unassuming signage, this dark, comfortable spot is a great option for a quiet cocktail in the SoHo/Village area.   I sat at the bar and appreciated the great and knowledgeable service. The bartender took time to explain some unique drinks and offer advice. The drinks are a little pricey but they are delicious. I'd definitely recommend this for someone seeking a lounge for a little conversation or romance.
Came here for pre-dinner drinks on a Saturday night while visiting in NYC. LOVED IT! The ambiance was great and our "mixologist" was awesome. It's a great place to lounge and chill out -  a great classic cocktail spot. I don't remember which drinks we ordered but I've attached some pics ;)
Its has very loud atmosphere but great (overpriced) drinks!
Great music, pro bartenders and dark cool vibe.
SOPHISTICATED LOUNGE WITH GIANT ICE CUBES AND A SPLASH OF ATTITUDE I absolutely love this place, it makes me feel like I am on a Wong Kar-Wai movie set.  Everything works--Asian décor, hand-crafted serious cocktails, giant ice cubes, and the right blend of music in the day and evening. It truly deserves five stars but I have to knock off a star because of the serious attitude we received from the hostess.  We sat at a table in the back near the illuminated windows and were told we could not sit there because we were not officially seated.  I told the hostess I do not see anyone clamoring for a table so what was the big deal.  She said, "We will have to move you."  I said, "No, we just ordered and I don't feel like moving."  She left and huddled with the other employees and pointed in our direction.  She came back over and said, "We really have to move you to another table."  I reiterated, "We are not moving."  She left again, more hushed conversation and pointing.  She then returned a third time and said, "You can stay at this table." Old-Fashioned I ordered an Old-Fashioned because I see Don Draper order them on the mini-series Mad Men and I like the taste of bourbon mixed with the flavor of orange and cherry.  This version did not disappoint, it had a giant ice cube topped with undiluted bourbon and a flamed orange peel. As you can guess, our customer service suffered after the seating scene.  We stayed for one drink and decided to go elsewhere.
In its second-story perch above West Houston Street,  The Pegu Club offers up cocktail connoisseurs the access to top-notch drinks that they can put their stamp on.  The great wine liset aside, partake of the gin-infused cocktail menu and the unique cocktail blends (specifically the Pineapple Pisco Sour) as well as the asian-inspired fare.  The decor makes the space perfectly suited for groups on the town or a romantic night with that special someone.
Can we do 3.5 stars, please? I came here with a girl friend on a Saturday night, the place wasn't busy and we sat at the bar. The ambiance was very nice and we could have girly chat without problems. We ordered wine and cocktails, all very nice. But when it comes to food, there just isn't much choice and the portions were very small We had summer rolls and yellow tail tartar type of thing, although they were delicious, they could barely call appetizers at all. As we were hungry, we thought we'd better off to go to other places for food. I'd highly recommend this place but don't come in stomach empty!
Of all the places that have table service, this place is the best! First, there's no minimum. Second, they were being very apologetic when my table was not ready when we got there. Third, because of that, they gave us a private area at the bar (with the manager guarding the area for us) and we got free bottles of champagne till our table was ready. Drinks are great, they're tasty yet strong, I didn't realise how drunk I got until I got home. I will definitely go back again. The line outside wasn't bad, it got cleared up after midnight but if you want to get a good spot, either at the bar or a table, I suggest you get a table service or go there early.
The earl grey marteani is my all time favorite drink.  All their drinks are good here.  It's amazing how fresh these drinks can be and how it tastes so good it tricks you into thinking you are drinking healthy tea.  Absolutely love this place.  The best drinks in NY, cozy atmosphere and friendly bartenders.  I am definitely making a stop here every time I'm back in NY.
Incredible cocktail experience!! Beautiful lounge with attentive service.  Would recommend this place for when out of town friends visit and want a nyc night life experience without the noisy club atmosphere.   Five stars
A nice place to unwind and relax after a day of shopping in SoHo.  Its location is very accessible; on Houston Street between SoHo and Greenwich Village, but it can easily be missed if you're not exactly looking for the small entrance. It's a cocktail lounge in the traditional sense; nicely decorated and dark.  I went with a big group and we sat at a round table.  All our cocktails were very well done.  I had the Jamaican Firefly which consisted of Pegu's home-made ginger beer and rum.  Perhaps the cocktails are a little skimpy and a little pricey, but it's not the type of place one goes to get hammered.  I'm sure there are other places in the neighborhood for that sort of thing.   I would go again, but probably for no more than one round of drinks...
The earl grey marteani is amazing!!! It kind of tastes like alcoholic milk tea without boba or some type of sweet iced tea. The ambiance is okay ; I much rather prefer lounges with less people and quieter space for people to chat without having to yell. Having more tables and chairs would be nice too. But no cover, no line on a Saturday night makes me a fan.
Echoing a friend's review-- this place is definitely more "lounge" than "speakeasy." Although tucked away on the second floor of an otherwise unassuming building in SoHo, the interior space was much larger than expected. However, it did not disappoint. The place was surprisingly full for a weekday evening, but my friend and I were quickly seated by the window. As others have said, the earl grey cocktail and gin gin mule are both worth trying. While a bit more "grown up" and put together than some other bars in the area, there's not too much character here at Pegu Club. I would definitely return though for the larger space and quality drinks.
Pegu Club is a classy spot. The lighting is dim, the chairs are plush, and the room is accented with rich, dark wood. The sign is a bit hard to see and the bar is actually upstairs, but when entering off the street, patrons are met first with the coat check and a greeter (checking IDs), and then ushered upstairs. So, once you find the door, you don't have to make your way through any secret entrances, etc., like some other hidden gems I've been to. I came here on a first date, and, like pretty much everyone else said, it's a great spot for that kind of engagement. Not too loud for conversation, a little dark, and not pushy service. However, minus a star for not coming back to ask if we wanted more drinks until about 15 minutes after they were very clearly empty. Also, the servers' Kimonos are WEIRD. Minus the slightly spotty service--a happy medium is ideal, it was nice that she wasn't too pushy but 15 minutes made her just look clueless--the drinks are amazing and the atmosphere is great.
Best cocktails I've ever had.  They were so inventive, it felt like a culinary experience.  The ingredients for each drink were so unique and I would have never thought to combine some of them.  I had an Earl Grey martini-like drink, which was so refreshing I could drink it in the morning after a work out.  The way I see it, if you're going to pay $12 on a cocktail in Manhattan, you might as well make it memorable.  Definitely 1 of the Top 100 reasons I miss living in NY.
Not the best wait staff, good drinks, but very expensive. We came on a Wednesday night around 9:15 for a friend's birthday. The set up was perfect, as one friend came early to snag a booth for 6-8 people. The drinks were very tastey, but I found them to be overpriced, especially for that neighborhood. The place was cute though, and I imagine dinner here would be good, but probably also overpriced.
Came here for Cocktail Week.  My friend and I arrived around 6:45pm without realizing the offer was only until 7pm; the hostess was kind enough to inform us and make sure we got our orders in so we wouldn't miss out.  We tried all the cocktails on the menu and they were all solid - Lil' Jig, which reminded me of a lemon mojito + a hefty dose of Thai basil, was probably the most fun.  The calamari was a bit too salty, but not a big issue.  Spring rolls were refreshing.  Willing to come by again to try the Earl Grey Martini.  The room itself was nice and surprisingly spacious. I see potential for this to become a nice, after-work hangout.
Drinks.Are.Mfing.Delicious. Perfect concoctions where they're not too sweet or too alcoholy tasting (but you know are still chocked full of alcoholic goodness). Considering that I'm a notoriously quick sipper of drinks, paired with the fact that every drink I tried was tasty as hell (my fave was a drink with jalepeno? I think, something with a kick)- I easily lost track of how many I had within say.. an hour. And...I believe I was there for a few hours or so... so your guess is as good as mine as to how many I threw back.
Let me be perfectly clear before I go any further - a friend of mine tends bar here so I am ever so slightly biased in this review, however, I think Pegu's reputation speaks for itself, and I am sure that my additional 5-star review is hardly going to skew the average at all :) This place is perfect for cocktails with friends, colleagues, and lovers. There are cozy nooks you can tuck into for a more intimate experience, as well as open tables in the middle of the fray. Complimentary coat check at the entrance is a lovely touch, for those of us who layer up like maniacs and then want to show off our prettier threads once inside. On a Saturday night, my date and I were able to secure a nice corner table without any issue around 8pm, but note that by 10:30 the noise level was significantly higher and the bar itself was quite packed, so plan accordingly. Although you can pretty much get anything your heart desires here, it's worth exploring the seasonal offerings and also getting the house classic (Earl Grey Marteani). Be adventurous and make the trip worthwhile by not ordering the same drink twice! Although we didn't order any food, the tables around us certainly did and everything looked fantastic, so I'll definitely come with a bigger appetite next time (and there will be many, many next times!)
Great martinis and cocktails made with TLC by expert bartenders.  It actually is fun to watch your drinks being made here! The food, although not the major draw, is actually quite good--stuff to soak up the gin and vodka but definitely a higher caliber nosh. Drinks are not cheap here, but this is a place that is sophistocated, keeps out the B&T crowd and is a great experience.
has audrey saunders gone celebrity mixologist on us? who manages this place? the staff needs to be whipped into shape. pegu club gives off a snobby attitude that other high caliber establishments work hard to avoid. every time i've been here, i've received amateur league drinks. upon my first visit, i cut them some slack because my cocktail was made by a bartender in training. however, my second drink, concocted by her instructor, was none the better. despite their recipes and quality ingredients and resources, i kept seeing them over-pour into their jiggers, which threw off the balance of the cocktails (result: too sour, too sweet). however, to his credit, the bartender was enthusiastic and approachable once i struck up a conversation with him at the bar. on another visit, i sat at a big banquette with a group of friends looking to impress their dates. the cocktail waitress was inattentive and a bit rude. my drink was much too sweet, and i asked her to have the bartender fix or remake it. she came back and said that because of their recipe, they COULDN'T make it less sweet. she suggested i try a different cocktail. i obliged, but was irritated that they ignored my request of simply remaking the drink with less syrup (one of its listed ingredients). despite all my grievances, i have to admit that the space is breathtakingly gorgeous. it's plush and elegant, yet refreshing; it really transports you to a different time and place. maybe it'd be worth going back to if you can find a cocktail that they can consistently make well. i for one am not going to bother spending $15 on duds.
Great spot for groups, a date, etc.  Atmosphere is chill and relaxed, drinks are stiff and they don't hold back.  All the cocktails are inventive and tasty, everyone was happy with their orders.  The wait staff is not pretentious, our waitress was friendly and welcoming.
There is something about a place that serves high-end drinks in a high-end environment but still maintains a grounded atmosphere.  Pegu Club is definitely one of these places.  The leather bound drink menu contains inventive and delicious drinks mixed up by talented mixologists...not bartenders.  It is a perfect spot for afterwork or even a date. Try the Earl Grey Martini...they mix in an egg white to make it frothy.  Unlike anything you'll take elsewhere.
I came here on recommendation of... Yelp. My friend had the Earl Grey Marteani, while I stuck to a Gin-Gin Mule.  Both were delicious, sugary, and I kept wondering on my empty stomach, where is the alcohol? After that, we kept with vodka & club soda.  But, your only options are Stoli & Absolut?  For real?  Not a good look. Tried a few starters which were perfectly fine.  Nothing too crazy. I think what makes this place is the environment.  The door is located next to Dos Caminos, and you walk up, and have a seat.  Bathrooms are clean. I would totally recommend Pegu Club for a date.  No doubt.  Music is chill and volume not too high, so we could hear one another.
Super classy and sexy cocktail bar. Tried a few of the whiskey cocktails which were delicious. Nice ambiance. Good service. Would definitely go back.
Loved the atmosphere and the extensive list of martinis... The environment is very relaxed, perfect for a first date to talk after dinner... I definitely recommend Pegu
Plenty of room on a Friday night at 6pm is a big bonus for ANY bar/restaurant let alone a truly truly fabulous one! I couldn't believe we just walked in and had our pick of seats! My cocktail was absolutely perfect - a "Bourbon Peche-Belle" with bourbon and peaches and some other things that made it into the cocktail of the gods. It's completely out of the realm of what I usually get (gin martinis) but it was dreamilicious. I will be back many times over!
I came here on a Monday night with an work colleague for drinks and snacks. In the past, I have come here on the weekends when it's typically packed and it is very hard to get a spot to sit. Monday night here (even though it was St. Patty's day) was very quiet and the place was pretty much empty when I arrived.  The ambience of this place is quiet and intimate. A great place to bring friends / colleagues for drinks and a place to catch up. We ordered the shito peppers and the summer rolls. The shito peppers were perfectly cooked, seasoned with salt, chili and lime - it was delicious and an amazing vegetarian finger food! The summer roll has mango, avocado, peppers wrapped in a rice paper and comes with a dipping sauce. It was light and delicious and perfect food to combine with cool potent drinks. I was also very pleasantly surprised that this place had vegan gluten free food. Since in the past I have only come for drinks.   For the drinks, I got the Pegu club cocktail. It's a gin based citrus-y drink. It was a little too strong for my taste since it's poured and served with no ice. I eventually had to get some ice to dilute it. While the flavors were pleasant, I personally don't like very strong drinks. This is a speakeasy place to it's very easy to miss it unless you are specifically looking for it! I would recommend this place for an after work drinks place or somewhere to go on the weekend (if you are willing to stand by the bar) that serves specialty cocktails and great finger food!
Classy n lots of space! Awesome cocktails! Must try the Earl grey marteani.   I just hope they expand the food menu. And yes free coat check! The only problem with this place, it seems dead by 1ish..
Great, great place to have a couple of drinks.  Definitely my style. I love dimly lit lounges where you can sit in a comfortable seat and have a nice conversation without having to shout over the music or crowd noise.  The music and decor were perfectly matched and I felt like I was back in the 50s enjoying a cocktail after a long day at work.
Came here with mf on a Friday night around 11pm and place was pretty full but managed a seat at the bar - shortly after hostess offered us a table but we were comfy at the bar. Very attentive of her to ask! Seems like a popular after-work spot as it started clearing up by 1am. I had the champagne Le Fleur cocktail which was pretty good followed by a custom-by-request 'spicy' drink which was not great but of course it did not go to waste. Ordered the yellowfin tartare which was incredible! Music was typical but I guess you're not going there for the tunes but for a good drink and a game of catch-up with a friend.
I've been here a half dozen times over the past 3 years before. I love the ambiance, the foods great, the service is meh (outside of the bar), and I normally don't mind waiting 10 minutes for a "craft cocktail", but today is the last time I set foot in Pegu Club. I'll preface this rating by saying that I work in the restaurant industry and am patient and understanding to a fault. What I have zero tolerance for is waiting 20 minutes on a Sunday at 6pm for drinks and having my waitress explain that the cocktails "take time because they're made from scratch". The waitress could have come by at the 15min mark and told me that the drinks were almost ready. Management could have bought my girlfriend and I a round, but instead, we were told the bar was understaffed. Pegu Club was a place of inspiration for me as someone in the hospitality industry; now it's become a skit from Portlandia (Dale Degroff would be ashamed).
Well, visited on a saturday night, early at 8:30 , on a first date.  not much happening sat and ordered , service a little slow but fine, drinks are good, but undersized , mine was actually served in a small champagne glass, maybe 6 ounces? my date had a larger highball glass, , was going to have a snack but didnt see or smell any food. As others mentioned ok to visit prior to going to you main local. Lots of out of towners judging by their dress, (sneakers?) slightly older crowd  was Ok. Second fl. location is nice as is the decor but can get warm, no ventilation. Might be more interesting at 11, but dont know I just cant recommend this as a drinking place, 3 drinks cost $ 51 with the tip, its too touristy and very expensive for the drink sizes and the Lower east side location. I can go to any # of high end hotel bars and pay the same price. Did eat at good Mex place on same corner.
That s a cocktail bar!!!!! My favorite from far, for an after-work drink or with friends on a rainy Sunday. These bartenders are kind of "mister Boston" living (reference book for mixologist) and famous in their business: - gin gin mule - the old Cuban - Pegu club For a special taste, ask - a Mai tai to Raul - earl grey mar-tea-ni to the owner VERY highly recommended
I've had two important epiphanies in the past couple of weeks. 1. The mark of a good pop song? You hear it and you feel like you've known it your whole life. 2. The mark of a good cocktail? You taste it and you know, instantly, that you'll be ripping it off and drinking it for the rest of your life. Thanks to Dragonette for #1 and thanks to Pegu for #2. The MarTeani = earl grey infused gin, lemon juice and egg white. Sounds simple, but it is mindblowingly good. I am adding it to my repertoire promptly and will take credit for having invented it from here on out. Don't tell.
We got there at about 2 AM on a Thursday night after stuffing ourselves (no, not our noses- dirty birds) at The Odeon. Ordered signature cocktails- mine was some ginger thing that was delicious. The bartender kept........lookin at me. Finally he asks if I am related to a regular-apparently my sister has become quite the little drinker, as they have named a drink after her- The Rum Rachel. It was .....um...................strong. But this place is fantastic and the workmanship that goes into the cocktails is undeniable. It feels sort of clandestine and cool, even though it is above Dos Caminos, which is neither! Going back, no doubt.
Stopped here for a drink after some shopping and landed at the bar with a rock star bartender Ricky. The cocktails were amazing, all of which were recommended by him. The gin gin mule was refreshing, the gin mojito with a hot pepper in it was my favorite (not sure if this ones on the menu but it was amaaaaaazing), my classic gin martini was my no means anything less than perfect and their version of a dark and stormy was quite literally a dark and stormy on steroids! It's shaken so hard it comes out looking like a frappe. The house made ginger beer is so freaking good too. Didn't try any food, and wasn't too blown away by the ambiance. Felt a little empty in there, but it was only 6pm on a Saturday...
Def agree with Tracy K about the atmosphere. This place is not a club but a great place to catch up with friends or to have a romantic date night. The venue is pretty spacious so you don't feel like you're sitting on top of other people while you're trying to enjoy your delicious drinks! I went with a group of 8 people so I was able to sample a little bit of everything :) My favorite for the night was the Jamaican firefly. I love fruity / sweet drinks and this is definitely one of my new favorites now :) The earl grey martini is also great -- a unique combo that comes together nicely! Definitely going back!
It's a *little* pretentious, but all the same - it's still a good place to have a conversation with a stiff drink. The cocktails are interesting - I downed a couple of the jalapeno martinis (I think they were martinis? Things were getting a little fuzzy by that point). Low-level lighting, and some tables available if you're lucky, or space to side up to the bar if not.
I absolutely loved this bar.  The drinks were sensational, the live jazz band were fabulous, and the attention to detail was superb.
A Pegu Club at Pegu Club? Yeah, I did. And why not? It was the signature drink of the original Pegu Club in Burma. The Pegu Club in New York plays as a reincarnation of the 1880's version. Upon entering, you are sent upstairs where you are greeted by American's donning Asian clothing. It is dark and intimate in the Pegu Club, and you are seated at a table with a single lamp. It's hard not to enjoy the atmosphere of the Pegu Club, especially if you like to geek out on imagining yourself in historical places. I know it was fun for me to imagine being a British Imperial, stopping in for a whistle-wetter. And the cocktail? Perfectly heavy on the London dry gin, the fun notes of sweet and sour from the orange curacao and lime juice, all tied together with bitters. It's quite true, I have not had a Pegu Club better than the one I had at Pegu Club. I guess I won't be needing a time machine any time soon.
I'd love to comment on the drinks but we never got any. We waited for 15 minutes at the bar and were completely ignored by the bartenders. It's right on Houston and anyone can walk in, so I don't understand the attitude. Milk & Honey is far more difficult to get into (secret phone number, false tailor storefront, strictly appointment only) and the staff are extremely helpful and attentive.
Awesome lounge. Went there for some drinks tonight and had a really good time. Their selection of cocktails is amazing. They deff don't hold back and make a stiff drink, the way it should be! Definitely recommend for a girls night of drinks or a date night :)
Pegu has become my favorite bar in the NYU/Soho area, and perhaps all of New York City. This is a great place for a date or to meet up with friends. It has a candlelit decor and does not overwhelm you with with music. You also can get a table without being overly pretentious or overpay for a bottle. I would say you can get one if you make it in before 10 or after 1 on a weekend night or just about any other night. If you want to dance, want to see smokin' hot bartenders, hate Gin, want to pick up a made up coed in the Bridge and Tunnel Crowd, are looking for a beer or a Vodka Tonic, this is definitely not the place for you (I'm not sure you if they even have a drink with vodka on the menu). However, if you are looking for an interesting place to talk, with interesting drinks that actually have alcohol in them, aren't overpriced and made by bartenders that know what they're doing, this is the place for you. The Earl Grey Martini is worth a try, as is the Sidecar. I usually have a 19th Century, which is one of the few mixed drinks I've actually enjoyed with Makers' Mark. Finding Pegu can be a bit of a challenge. I always tell people that it's the first door on Houston next to Dos Caminos. Still, it seems that more and more people are finding it, which is starting to piss me off a little. That being said, the extremely proffessional bartenders handle the crowd well by quickly making many drinks at a time and making sure that you're not ignored while  waiting. The crowd tends to be well-dressed and proffessional, though not pretentious. Aside from peak hours on weekends, Pegu always draws a fair crowd making it all the more welcoming. I had my girlfriend's birthday here a while back and it went pretty well. It's not that hard to get a table for up to 12 so long as you give them enough notice, though it is pretty tricky to have a big group.
I'm a snobby European who thinks that cocktails are an art similar to cooking. While I stick to long drinks in most cocktail bars because I don't trust their skills, I was more than impressed by Pegu Club. These guys really put a lot of effort and thought into each drink, without showing off and throwing bottles around. Very classy place, but at the same time I thought that $13 a cocktail was very adequate. I paid $17 for a mediocre cocktail in a boring hotel bar the next night, so I'd prefer Pegu Club any time. Keep it up, guys!
If you were an intrepid traveler in a foreign land looking for information on an artifact you're trying to track down - Pegu Club may just be the kind of place you'd visit - at least in appearance.  The web site claims the decor is inspired by a real Pegu Club that was frequented by British Imperialists in Burma - but whatever the source, the result are comfortable, cushioned seats, dim lighting and a sophisticated yet exotic mood that instantly grabs you and doesn't shake you until you leave.  It helps that you first have to go through a rather innocuous door and slowly progress up a dark staircase before Pegu Club is revealed before you.  The designers of this place definitely knew how to make an impression! Pegu Club features small bites as well as a very impressive roster of cocktails (some of which change season to season).  In terms of cocktails, I had the Whiskey Smash (which you can read more about here: americandrink.net/post/6…).  I found the drink completely different than what I expected, but in a good way.  Rather than being warm and deep, it was bright and delicious with a snap.  I really enjoyed it. In terms of food, my friends and I shared the chicken skewers, which were cooked well and moist.  We also shared duck sliders, which featured shredded duck in a barbeque sauce.  It was absolutely delicious and I could see myself eating a pile of them (the plate came with three). Service was super fast and friendly.  When we went it was early Saturday evening and only one waitress was floating from table to table with drinks and I was impressed how well she kept everything together.   My friends had raved about Pegu Club to me for ages and I finally get why people dig it so much.  I'd be happy to go back any time.
Pisco Punch! The drinks at Pegu Club are very tasty.  The mixologists here work their magic to whip up cocktails not found at other bars and speak easies. My friends and I dropped in for a quick drink last weekend, and all of us were amazed at the drinks and at the mixologists who were obviously true professionals at their art. The venue is a railroad car shape and is a lounge, so don't expect music or dancing to be the theme (no dancefloor).  It's all about enjoying great drinks with the company you are with.
Loved the ambience. Drinks were stellar and the bartenders were friendly and efficient.
Always great hospitality, talented bar staff, attentive cocktail waitresses. Outstanding and super tasty summer cocktail list.
Love the ambiance and the creativity with the drinks, definitely a cute date spot - highly recommend it if you are looking for a place with good drinks and comfortable atmosphere to share with your friends.
The best part of this place: earl grey martini, coat check, friendly hostess and attentive server...and their ability to successfully transfer us from the crowded bar area to the much more comfortable tables. What ruined it: well, I know shit happens in restaurants... I've worked in plenty ... however when BOTH bathrooms are completely overflowing to the point where one has to be closed completely AND your customers are standing in an inch of sewage water just to relieve themselves in the other, it's probably time to shut the doors... or at least send out a shot of house sangria or something. Seriously, that's a health hazard, not to mention DISGUSTING. Also, I had interactions with two bartenders: one was SO surly that it was off-putting. I asked for dealer's choice, brown and stirred - visibly annoyed, he tells me that they "aren't allowed to invent recipes here" and that "everything is by specific measurements" ... (sorry dude, but I'm pretty sure that I worked in the ONLY bar in the country that literally would not entertain off-menu requests). Thought that's what Pegu Club was known for - their inventiveness. Anyway, the other guy we ordered from was super nice, albeit very quiet and methodical (and FAST). I'd go back, but I definitely didn't enjoy it as much as I had hoped to.
i loved this place-- a million stars! we hadn't intended on stopping here, we actually walked by and recognized the name. so in we went. sultry, lush, sophisticated. just what you would expect from a bar where their mixology crew is known in the best of circles. my date is typically a macallan neat kinda guy, but he went for the dark and stormy, while i tried the pineapple pisco sour. yummmmm the 2nd round i tried the tantris (?) sidecar. sorry, it's been awhile and i'm not sure if i'm remembering the names correctly. either way, bravo pegu club. you have yourself a mighty fine drinking establishment. bon vivants with a flair for style: this is a serious cocktail den and if you're in the mood to share expertly made concoctions with another, this is your spot. cheers.
All I have to say is get the CHAMPAGNE APRICATO!!!! Great atmosphere and cool vibe!
In light of the fact that I'm leaving for vacation next week, I have made a commitment to visiting as many of the participating bars of 1st Annual 2011 NYC Cocktail week as possible (Honestly, 2 finely crafted cocktails and an appetizer for $20.11 is absolutely mind-blowing.) This was my second time to the Pegu Club in less than 2 weeks - first was on a whim with Mr. Parker and last night R and I went post-work to check out the NYC Cocktail Week offerings. This second visit did not disappoint. (I'm always thrilled when original experiences turn out not to be one-hit wonders.) The Cocktail Week menu offered the Silver Lining (a rye and lemon concoction topped with frothy egg white - tart and whiskey - a lovely combination) and the L'il Jig (a tequila cocktail with a heavy dose of Thai basil.) There was a third drink we didn't try, but I'm sure it would have been delicious as well. The summer roll appetizer was yummy - lemongrass-mango sauce - super good. R drank off the regular menu - the Gentleman's Agreement: a scotch and blackberry glass of amazingness, Then the bartender veered off the menu and made her a drink that inspired a memoir title (you'll have to wait till it's published to find out.) But it was boozy and beautiful with the most incredible liquor-soaked cherries. And since Mr. Parker and I had devoured 2 orders of the Diver Sea Scallop Mini Burgers - one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth - I had to introduce them to R. Perfect glistening slighly sweet bun, crispy crusted succulent scallop, ripe plum tomato, fresh bit of lettuce, and a scrumptious chipotle aioli. 2 for $12 and only 4 bites each, but so incredibly phenomenal. We passed on the avocado puree with fried wonton chips which is fabulous, and didn't try the squid on the Cocktail Week menu (although a nearby plate looked fantastic.) The Hollywood-meets-Japanese influenced decor lends itself to making one feel swanky and special and like anything is possible. Overall, the Pegu Club did not disappoint - first AND second time - and it will remain on the "where could we go tonight" list. ~A
Pegu never fails to please me no matter what season! Security is friendly so entrance was always guranteed! still love the ambiance after years Definitely a good date spot! Not to mention well tailored cocktails!
Making cocktails is a way of life here and you can tell they are successful with the end result!   I loved the low-key environment and adored the decor with the asian vibe and the waitresses all dressed in their Kimono's. Service was friendly and average (not quick but not ignoring you... somewhere imbetween).   I know I had something called the old cuban (champagne cocktail) and it was delicious.  Had sips of all drinks that were brought and enjoyed by friends - no complaints. I've been dying to go back.
Nelly loves this place. As do I.  This place rocks.  Seriously.  Every drink is a masterpiece carefully crafted by a mixologist who may as well be a wizard carefully executing a happy spell. The drinks are delicious.  There is no other word for it.  I start sipping because I'm in public and mama raised me to be proper but if my drink would secretly refill itself my lips would never leave the rim of the glass.  The Earl Grey Martini, anything with St Germain, the Gin Gin Mule are all equally innovative.  Will definitely be back soon...it would be a much better use of a Tuesday night than work.  Helas we must pay for the drinks one way or another.
I dont often say this, but Pegu exemplified everything that I am looking for in a proper cocktail lounge. Ambiance: think Shanghai opium smoking den with a modern feel.  The red dimmed lighting is not too dark and not too bright. Music is loud enough to have a conversation at the bar without straining your vocal cords one bit.   Drinks: We had a number of selections from the classic whisky sour to the Pegu version of singapore sling, which was also superb and not as sweet at the original.  After 2 rounds of drinks and warm conversation with several bar staff, it was clear that they very keen to make us happy. I will be back !
I went here with a few friends for some Cocktails....the atmosphere was cool, the drinks were great...the food was average. I will definitely go back and possibly increase the star rating.
Let's just say that I remember making a mental note that I would give this spot 4 stars after tasting the fleur de paradis, ordering another, ordering an earl grey martini, ordering another.... well, and, um, I would order either one of those right now. Yes, it's Monday morning.
I hadn't been here in a while because the last time I had come, it was a Saturday night and they were four-deep at the bar.  I couldn't really deal with the crowd. Came here recently on a Sunday evening for a pre-dinner cocktail.  Drinks were great and it was a pleasure sitting at the bar and watching the bartender work.  Had the Gin-Gin Mule which was delicious and a Gibson which my better half said "tasted like the ones I make at home".  It was a compliment.  Trust me. Go on an off-night so you can sit and enjoy their drinks properly.
First off, I'll just say that the main reason for my negative rating is because of the maître d'.  It was a disgustingly hot day, my girlfriend and I made a journey across town just to visit this place and the first thing that happened when we walked in was the lady waiting at the top of the stairs looked us up and down and begrudgingly sat us.  Now, if we were barefoot and dirty, I can understand.  I was well dressed, aside from a sweaty forehead, as well as my partner.   I try not to jump to conclusions about WHY things like this happened, but I couldn't help but think this lady was making assumptions about the amount of money I had in my wallet.  Is it because I'm a tattooed darkie?  Or maybe its the lesbian thing.  Maybe it's my San Francisco DIY look and not your Prada requirements? By the way, I've been here before, and have even had drinks with the owner herself.  Would she have known this?  Probably not based on the way we were treated. We sat down, were told we couldn't sit next to each other on the bench area (btw - the people sitting down from us were not told this), drank as quickly as possible and left.  We decided not to eat here to speed things us. Drink was delicious.  Audrey Saunders is brilliant.
damn you pegu!!!  why did you get me so drunk???  you don't have to add so much liquor just because you feel bad about charging $20 per drink.  not kool.  I only wanted to get $120 dollar drunk, not $300 dollar drunk.  How else do you think I control my drinking?
Classy, good ambiance, good service. I came here to visit some friends in NYC and enjoyed my time! We had a round booth for a table of 5 - good for intimate conversation in the middle of a packed and popular place. I got the gin gin mule and it was really good. I definitely recommend this.
To all ardent fans of the Poquito Picante: it is no longer on the menu :-(  The Red Pepper tries to take its place, but alas, it does no justice.  If you are open to leaving behind spice and trying something nice, the Ginger Mojito is sure to please your palate.  (It pleased us so much that at some point there were 6 of them on our 3-person table.) PC attracts a classy crowd, mostly 25+, and is conducive to talking and hanging out at for awhile (esp. if you score a table--hang on to it).  Our waitress was knowledgeable and affable when I inundated her with questions about bitters.  Conveniently located near great SoHo dinner spots... The only con I noticed on both of my visits here is the discord amongst the servers and host(s)---it definitely disrupts the flow of the joint.
Pull up a seat to the bar for some culinary entertainment. Here, fruit takes flight, shakers shake & hottie bartenders serve up tutti-fruity cocktails that are to die for. I'm picky when it comes to drinks and usually stick to my wine but the drink menu here definitely piqued my taste bud's curiosity. The standout cocktail & winner by a landslide: The Earl Grey Martini. Made with egg whites (yes, egg whites!) & Earl Grey tea, it's frothy & sweet and goes down smooth again & again. Trust me, you'll want to buy another and another. There's much more to be sipped and the cutie bartenders certainly shake things up with shakers in hand. If you're looking for a place to dish S.A.T.C.-style, this is the place. With drinks that go down easy & bartenders that are easy on the eyes --what more could you ask for?
I don't know if Pegu Club can technically be categorized as a 'speak-easy'... but I love it all the same. There are so many adjectives that come to mind when I think of the décor: classy, elegant, sexy, exotic... trendy and sophisticated, even. It's an ideal spot for a date and/or an intimate group meeting, with a fantastic cocktail list to fit everyone's wants and needs. Granted, there are a lot of gin drinks (due to the whole British/East India club concept) which may limit your options if you dislike gin... but that's not to say that the bartender/mixologist won't be able to whip something else to your liking on the fly. Personally, I love the Jamaican Firefly and the Pisco Punch and yes, while they're not cheap at $14.00/drink the price isn't all that unreasonable for NYC. The only flaw is that the service, while attentive, isn't consistent - once the place gets crowded, good luck catching the waitress's attention! Buuuut despite that, I say it's worth seeking out that innocuous door on Houston for Pegu Club.
So, depending on your views on Vegas, yes, las vegas, Sin City, I think you could love or hate this lounge. Chances are, if you love the swanky, over the top atmosphere of sin city, you'll love Pegu Club. To date, I've been to Pegu club twice (and vegas 3 times!) and I've been wow-ed on all my visits - to both destinations. Pegu club seems to be somewhat asian inspired, with the decor and even the mock kimonos worn by the waitstaff....and though I'm usually not a huge fan of Asian "inspired" themes, i'm willing to overlook it for some delicious mar-tea-ni at Pegu Club. Obviously, it's a lounge for catching up and splurging on a great selection of cocktails- the mixology lives up to the standard the rest of these cocktail lounges in the city, and to my surprise, and delight, eggwhite in drinks are amazing.   Finally, I loved the use of space. The tables are spread far enough apart so that you're not sitting in the laps of the patrons to the left or right of you.
The doorman was really nice letting us in first before checking our ID's so that we wouldn't be in the rain.  The place seems like it would be snotty and pretentious, but it's just got a really nice classic decor.  It really is quite disarming and relaxingn for a lounge.  There's no loud music and no smoke of course, is a plus.  I would like to find a place like this in Chicago.  I found my old college friend at the bar, and proceeded to catch up.  My friends sat comfortably at some chairs around a table.  They have quite an extensive drink menu, and I did try the Earl Gray Tini.  This drink wasn't so good, but I'd definitely be up for trying some of the others.
I like it if not the price I would give this place 5 stars. It is a little bit expensive for a student like me. On the other side this club is full of georgeous girls and a few mojitos make the night unforgettable.
Forget apoteke, PDT, milk & honey or death & company and head straight to this place. A staple mixology lounge that will convert any vodka drinker to a gin one. I never appreciated the earthy and grassy taste of gin, but I am a believer now as they use gin to compliment their concoctions and not overpower them. Truly a great and intimate place to experience mixology drinks at its finest with a very accommodating and extremely knowledgeable staff. Drinks to die for Earl Grey martini Gin GIn Mule Green Mellon? Not sure if thats the exact name but its super tasty and served in a tall cocktail glass.
I'm ambivalent about this place.  The drinks are not very tasty, even though it's fun to add your own things like bitters and sugar.  The decor is nice for a date if you get there early and are able to snag a table.  The place has a weird Asian-fusion thing going (inconsistently), even though they should probably have a speak-easy theme.   The staff is super slow and not very friendly, but not rude either. I'd go there if you want something unique but I'm not frequenting.
Sexy, dark, trendy! I like to come here week days, I don't like crowd. This is my favorite place to have a sophisticated cocktail. My spot is always at the bar. I prefer when bartender servers me. And of course who wants to missed his work. So admirable! Raúl makes his own Art. He is my favorite!!!! My favorite cocktail: *Pineapple Pisco Sour (some seasons they don't have it on the menu, I just ask the bartender and he always makes it for me) Love it! *Earl Grey MarTEAni! Yum! Only egg white!!!
Ah crap, now you done it NyMag!!!! (See the July 12th issue) I'm a pretty simple guy when it comes to drinking. Budlight is my favorite beer and a diet coke and run is all I need. Sure, I enjoy wine and scotch as much as the other but I'm happy with a cozy on my Budlight. But on rare occasions, VERY RARE occasions, I need something more. I go to Pegu to find it!   The drinks fairly price by New York standards are fair. And by fair I mean $10-$14 bucks for a cocktail. Indeed, Pegu offers something different - a little flare and freshness- with all their drinks. Behind the bar is an arsenal of aromatics - basil, mint, parsley, lemons, peppers - ready for the muddling. My particular favorites include the Gin Gin mule and the Elderflower Spritzer. The Whiskey Mule is a bit strong my tastes. I attempt something new each time when I come but end up also getting my favorites. The result is a nice steady drunkenness. Food is also served. I think the lounge atmosphere is perfect for the drinks. Its located upstairs next to some Mexican restaurant that I cant remember now. Still fairly discrete! This place is great for small groups with lounge seating, however, make sure you make reservations.  A great place to sit and chat. Bar seating is highly recommended. As for a late night spot to grab a few drinks, well if you are hammered, a $14 cocktail is probably overkill. Come before the festivities start. Makes much more sense.
Pegu is salute to a time when the sun never set on the British flag. The decor is heavily influenced by dark oriental and colonial styles. You can walk right up to the bar without any pushing and shoving and order one of their unique cocktails. I love how intimate Pegu is, the music is played at low volumes in the background and never top40. This a place you would bring a date or a group you were looking to impress. However, drinking at this speakeasy is going to cost you, even at NY prices. One of the cocktails like "The Old Cuban" costs $17 and simple drinks are about $13. At least the drinks are good for the price but I find some of them a little too tart for my taste. The bartenders were very attentive but incredibly slow. I understand how complicated some of these drinks are to make but I shouldn't have to wait 15 minutes at the bar to get my drink. All in all I would give it a 3.5.
The drinks are made with care and the staff is very very helpful.  The snacks are delicious; the devlied eggs and duck bites are all that.  The atmosphere is laid back on the upscale side. It's always a nice experience.
We went in on a Thursday night looking for a good martini. Wasn't too crowded when we got there. We were able to get a table right away. Definitely a good first date spot. By the sounds of the conversations around us, match.com sent everyone to Pegu Club that night to meet. The space itself is amazing...I was afraid it was going to be super crowded based on the reviews but it wasn't at all. Good food....coconut shrimp and tartare were amazing. Definitely worth a try. My only gripe with this place is that the service was terrible...we waited close to 15 minutes for someone to take our drink order an another 15 minutes for the drinks to arrive. Our first appetizer came at the same time as our drinks. That was how long it took. Besides that it was great. Would definitely return.
I had an awesome mojito made with gin, ginger beer, and a slice of ginger on top. Best mojito ever!!! My friend had an earl gray infused martini. So good.
The place can be hard to find, but once you find the door you walk up a couple flights of stairs and you're there.  The place is very dimly lit and though there are a good number of seating areas, the place can get extremely packed on certain nights. The service has always been up to par and the drinks as well.  A couple things to take note of however are: - They're listed as having a "full bar", but is isn't actually the case.  So don't try ordering a Vodka Red Bull here. - Tip is frequently already included in the bill, so make sure you take a close look at your bill before writing in anything -- unless you plan on tipping twice, like we accidentally did =X. - They will not let you in if you already look remotely drunk.  So don't come stumbling in because they will make you turn right back around. I think that's about it.  Definitely one of my favorites.
The great thing about Pegu Club is the variety of high-quality drinks at the price they are offered.  Most bars and lounges I've visited charged on average $15 for regular, run-of-the-mill vodka martinis; here, $13 can get you well-ingrediented cocktails with exotics like grapefruit and rosemary.  I highly recommend the Pisco Punch, which was dangerously tasty. The overall atmosphere was relaxed yet lively.  The DJ spun tracks that gave the place ambience, and the volume was low enough to enjoy a conversation with those around you. I arranged my best friend's and my birthday celebration at the lounge and received many compliments on the choice of venue; everyone was able to get the feeling of VIP treatment -- table service and high-quality drinks -- as well as relax and have fun catching up with friends.
I say yes to Pegu for pre-dinner drinks: excellent craftsmanship on display at the bar, nibbles available and moody upbeat ambiance. Only downside can get a little crowded, which is fine since the place is big, but not fine if the 2 bartenders are slammed and it takes 20 minutes to get a cocktail. Mind you delicious, but how are you going to really get to enjoy an off-menu genius drink if the guy is running around like a madman. Oh, and after 50% of the crowd went out to dinner 2 more bartends popped out of the woodwork. Whaaaaaaaaat???
One of my favorite spots in the city. Exceptional drinks. Exceptional service - their people balance the equilibrium of being attentive without being annoying. A quite low-key place that makes it easy to focus on good company and good conversation, all while sipping a great scotch or cocktail or whatever your bag might be.
Years later, Pegu Club still has it. It's a true mixology bar...while it might lack the waxed mustaches of Employees Only or the charm of Little Branch, the bartenders there can serve up a mean cocktail that has thoughtful, interesting ingredients. It is cozy without trying too hard and cool without having an ounce of pretention. That is why I think it has stood the test of time. I'm a fan. Favorite post work adventure is to start here, swing to Daddy Os for tater tots and then over to Little Branch for amazingness.
Love the ambiance, great for a group of friends.  Make sure to make reservations in advance as it gets busy on weekends.  Love their earl grey martini!
What do you get when you combine overpriced average drinks, slow as molasses wait staff, and a lack of air conditioning? Obviously the Pegu Club. There are so many other great bars to go to. Don't waste your time or money.
I came here on a friday night after doing some shopping in soho. All the tables were taken and the bar area was pretty crowded but we managed to get a stool by the bar.  I read the reviews prior to coming and ordered the Earl grey marteani. I was a little skeptical about the egg yolk, but once I tasted it I was blown away. It is by far one of the best drinks I've ever had, and is now my favorite drink of all time. You can barely taste the alcohol and leaves a pleasant tea aftertaste. Delicious. As for the decor, it's nothing special. The place is rather small, but intimate.  Not really good for big groups. Only negative part is that they didn't let me take pictures of the drinks (though I did manage to steal a shot or two).
Such a sexy looking place. Upon walking up a flight of stairs, you're greeted by its high ceilings and low profile seating toward the front area. In here, it never feels like you're crammed into a tight place to enjoy drinks and conversation. I loved the Gin Gin Mule and the Earl Gray Mar(tea)ni. Both were so refreshing.
Pisco Punch! delightful I went there couple of month ago since Employees Only was max out in capacity . Our Bar tender was Incredible .. Highly Recommended
It's a semi hidden classy bar where your date will be happy you brought them. 2nd floor lounge in soho, The decor is modern, classy lil bit Asian inspired sexy and dark but like a British club / lounge. Bartender (an Asian guy) wow he was just generous with making cocktails I got an impression like he knows what he is doing and made every cocktail very fast but in a professional way. If I own a bar, I would want him to work for me. I wanted to try Gentleman's Agreement.  I mean...I really am attracted to old man drinks and bars. It sounds very interesting :black berry with scotch? But they ran out of ingredient that night. So I tried whiskey smash. A mint leaf on my glass for décor did contributed the fantastic and deep taste of the cocktail. They carry quite an extensive list of martinis..(fyi, im not a cocktail person but im open to try new things). The environment is very relaxed, perfect for a first date to talk after dinner...not too big not too small not too high end /cheesy/Mr. im-try-to-impress-you type of lounge but not to packed not too empty but quite elegant and sexy classy lounge. Live music was complementing the atmosphere. It was bizarre and I liked it. One word I have to say : an ambiance.
Hard to rate places like Pegu Club.  On one hand the place was very classy, spacious, and had great service.  On the other hand I feel like I shouldn't have to pay so much for drinks anymore.  But that's just my personality.  I just don't like to spend my hard earned cash on expensive liquor anymore.
I think "lounge" is the proper way to categorize this as it certainly did not feel like a speakeasy. Waltz upstairs as you enter a large, spacious area. To your immediate corners, you'll find tables that will seat parties of 4-8. As you walk further down, you'll meet the bar to your right, and more tables to your left (mainly party of 2 tables). The bar is run by a few great mixologista bartenders. Tried several drinks here and none of them disappointed. They were all top notch, bursting with flavor but also fairly strong. Gin Gin Mule was delish but I was impressed with their Mojito - certainly not your typical fare. Order it and you'll know what I mean. Although it's a great date spot, I find Pegu is more accommodating than speakeasies (Milk&Honey, PDT, Little Branch) if you want to join with a party of 4-6. More spacious and roomy.
I'd like this place a lot more if it weren't so pretentious. You'd swear you're in LA -- lots of style but not a lot of substance, feigned exclusivity, smugly overpriced. They can serve up a solid cocktail, but they're by no means mixologists. There's nothing innovative, artisanal or inspired about their menu. The slow service and self-absorption totally made me feel...not homesick!
I can't stop raving about Pegu. In fact, I eagerly bring up its name to anyone who asks me for bar recommendations in Manhattan. The drinks are delicious concoctions of fairy dust, pony hair, and unicorn tears...they're magical!! They have what's called a mixologist (read: creator of extraordinary cocktails) who makes these drinks that will not only get you buzzed, but will also leave you thirsty for more. I've had both the Jamaican Firefly and a daiquiri cocktail whose name escapes me. Drinks here are down right sexy, and watching the mixologists do their thing is nothing short of spectacular. Ambiance wise, Pegu is classy and sophisticated with some exotic decorative elements. It's a great place for an intimate night out, and perfect for friends looking for a quiet spot to talk. If you're ever in the city be sure to stop by Pegu. It won't disappoint!
One of my favorite cocktail bars i the city. The drinks are beyond.. and after!! The people who work there are fantastic! The hostess in not the best, but.. the rest of the crew compensate her weak attention. Never had bad or weird experience .The food is yum as well. My favorite picks in the menu are the Old Cuban, Whiskey Smashed and scallops mini burgers. Not cheap, but on level. You can feel the professionalism and the effort. So, we have to pay for it. Love this place!!
Came here Saturday night around 10:30pm, walked into a total clustereff of fly girls and dudes in fedoras.  Everyone trying so very hard to impress each other. The bartenders were super busy, stood in front of one of them for 20 min - he never had a chance to get to me, but kept making drinks for people who came to the bar after me. I don't think he had time to keep track of people though, so I don't hold that against him.   Before I even had a chance to order a drink, we got a table. Extra points for the hostesses who were very nice and tracked us down in the crowded bar to seat us, which I am sure was not easy.  Polite and attentive staff always helps in a place where you can scrap douche off the walls. It was busy, but still, the timeline was a bit on the WTF side: sit down, 15 min later waitress comes by - we immediately placed the order, 15 min later tasty, yet tiny-tiny dumplings swimming in truffle oil arrive, 15 min later we got drinks, 15 min after that got the yummy duck sliders (I think they forgot to order them) - 20 min after that we successfully attracted the attention of rarely passing staff and got our check.   The food was fun and well prepared, I really enjoyed the meal - $10-12 for an itsy-bitsy plate, is a fairly typical rip-off for NYC nite scene, so really can't complain.  Even though I want to ha ha. Ok, the drinks - we came here specifically to try the drinks and, to be honest, weren't impressed with the mixology.  The Pegu Club cocktail - was way too citrusy, unbalanced and underwhelming.  It was described in the menu as "fairly potent" - however, I couldn't detect the liquor at all and when I say that, I don't mean I could not taste it, I don't like tasting the liquor - I mean there was none of that nice flavor you whiff from a decent brandy or a whiskey, effectively the namesake drink was a spiked lemonade, a total blah, amateurish cocktail. Island Park - a bit better, in this one the bourbon was used properly and the presentation was great, the drink was light on the palate which is surprising because it looks rich having cream and chocolate shavings in it.  It was a nice drink but by no means a high end exemplar deserving of a proper speakeasy. We generally have a few rounds in our cocktail bars, but this place did not warrant that.  So we got our stuff and went onto greener pastures.  It was fun to try but I'll leave this place to the less discerning crowd of the boys and girls who like to get down.
This place has amazing drinks with bartenders who really take pride and care in their craft. The atmosphere is nice and mellow, and we were able to get a table without waiting too long. Almost every drink on their menu is something you wont find many other places, though you do pay for the extra class. The gin gin mule had great flavor and kick, but be warned that the gin beer on its own might be too much for most people to handle. If you are looking for a nice place to grab a few unique drinks with friends, this place fits the bill well.
I am here right now at this very moment... I waited for my first round of drinks and it came within 30 minutes... It took me 15 minutes just to get a waitress to get my drink. I wanted to order another round of drinks, and where is the waitress? So I went up to the bar to order drinks- it's been over 40 minutes and still no drinks. We asked the manager where the drinks were, and he said they were coming. Another 15 minutes, I see the manager, asking him where my drinks were, and he says there was a mix up and they will be here shortly. It's been 5 minutes since then. YES the drinks are good, but I can't tolerate bad service. Especially from NY, I would expect them to have fast, speedy and great drinks (including service). I am very disappointed, I came here to spend some quality time with my sister and family, and I'm about to leave with great disappointment, not to mention that I'm pissed off as hell. NEVER coming back again- whether they have a good atmosphere or drinks- bad service is bad service.
If it were simply for the drinks I'd go the five stars.... Ok so lets get the food out of the way. Good. Not great. Get's the job done and look good doing it, but no oooo's and aaaahhhh's. Which is a shame...but not what this place is about...but i go back a lot in case the menu changes....oh yes and for the drinks too.. der. The stars are the drinks....the bartenders....and the atmosphere... DATE ALERT: great place to take a date or be taken as a date....I always get suckered into the first....hmpf. Go with the easy to use menu or take a chance with having one of the mixologists suggest something for you based on your likes...You really aren't going to go wrong. Caution: Some can be sweet and only one will do....but hey live a little and take a chance huh? Whether you grab a cozy side table or two of the stools at the bar the atmosphere of the lights, decor and music should compliment your every intentions.... ....worth the extra $$$ for the service provided.... CIn Cin...
How have i never stumbled upon this jewel of a place?  The only thing I keep thinking about is when I'm going to have an opportunity to get back there.  The goal: try every little concoction on that menu of theirs.  Watching the master mixologists at work behind the bar is simply mesmerizing and makes it difficult to maintain a conversation without being distracted.  They've got a great drink special called the "Red Cross".  All proceeds go to Japanese tsunami victims.  The only reason I'm not giving it a 5 is because we waited 2 hours to be seated to order some food.  It was prime time Saturday night though, so I don't think I can really hold it too much against them.
You know you have been straddling Soho/Village a long time when you remember this as the old AKA. My friend's used to bartend here and other friend's used to rock the house with their band at the old AKA. Ok, today Pegu Club is a good place to meet for drinks before embarking for the night around Soho. This is an cool spot for a date or an ideal place to meet friends for group meeting, with a fantastic cocktail list to fit everyone's wants and needs. As a gin fan there are many gin cocktails that neatly fit with the British East India Trading concept. When I first came here I thought this was quite similar to some hotel bars in Singapore or SE Asia. Then, I thought this reminded me of Betelnut in San Francisco, or, a lounge in London. I suppose the Brit's have left their mark around the world, both good and bad. haha. If you want good cocktails with an Asian cocktail theme then this is a good place to visit.
The drinks aren't my absolute favorites (don't think they're as good as Little Branch), and one time I was turned away because I was wearing blue sneakers and not dress shoes, but Pegu Club has a few things going for them: 1. Unlike a lot of the other lounges that have really good mixed drinks, Pegu Club is a little different because it's fairly large. Assuming you get there early enough (or make reservations), you can go with a larger group and claim one of their bigger tables / couches.   2. Tasty food - deviled eggs, scallop sliders, duck sliders. Yum. It can be a little hard to find - look just to the east of Dos Caminos on Houston St for a door with the Pegu Club logo on a glass door, and head upstairs if the bouncer is there to greet you.
Pegu Club totally and completely, with a single visit, redefined for me the concept of what a cocktail can taste like.  It was 3 and a half years ago that I dropped in there on a trip to NYC.  I ordered a Jamaican Firefly, and my friend got a Earl Grey something.  All I can remember, and I remember it so vividly is the unbelievably delicious heights that my taste buds were whisked away to.  That Jamaican Firefly is like nothing I have ever tasted since.  Go to Pegu Club, order it, and prepare for ecstacy.
Here's a fictionalized yet mostly accurate version of the conversation I had about Pegu Club, as I walked in and to our table: "Hmm.  Kind of generically swanky, isn't it?" "Yeah, it's a bit Ocean's 11." "I was just going to say!  Feels like Vegas." "Oh look, at the bar--guys in suits.  Of course." "Of course." "It is nice, though." "Yes, it is." "But we're still disappointed?" "Yes, we are." "Because?" "Because we're spoiled by NYC's many speakeasies and lounges that have a lot more charm and quirk, and which render a place like this unnecessary, if only because there is not much reason to go to a place that is generic and merely good when you can go to a place that is unique and amazing." "And, also?" "Because we are snobs." "But we're not leaving?" "Nah.  We're already here, and they gave us a comfy seat." So there you have it, the mundane observations of people who have been to too many impressive speakeasies. Service was attentive and the small plates looked good, though I didn't get a chance to try any.  And I should note, the drinks were actually very well done, it's just that they were not made or presented with the flair and obsessive detail of some of the other cocktail places around.  Summary is, Pegu Club is a serviceable high-end lounge, and that's it.
one star for atmosphere. But nothing else was good. First of all, drinks were not that great. too small for the price. second, our waitress was.... awful.... at first, she gave us wrong check and then next, she swiped my credit card to that "wrong check". Later when I checked my bank statement, she swiped same amount three times with my card... what is wrong with her....? never going back. too pricey for the drinks and don't wanna deal with stupid mistakes on precious wknd...
Pegu is great for anyone who likes a really good cocktail, trendy and comfortable setting, and good conversation.  I went here with my boyfriend last month and he enjoyed the Whiskey Smash, and I loved the Earl Grey Marteani.  The bartender was very friendly and accommodated any questions we had in regards to the different drinks.  Would definitely go again!
Very good cocktails, excellent food, a must try is the Sloppy Duck Burger - unforgetably good! Excellent service, you always feel welcome! A must visit bar when in NYC.
Time of Experience: Arrived at Pegu club at 11PM on a Thursday. Kitchen closes at 1am. General Commentary: Tapas and specialty drinks are definitely above average using NYC standards. Expensive though so be prepared to spend. Food & Drinks: All food and drinks ordered were ABOVE average using NYC standards. Pro: Unbelievable chicken lollipop tapas. Quite possibly almost as good as Bon Chon chicken. Different taste though. Bon Chon = deep fried chicken; ranked #1 chicken in the U.S. according to Esquire magazine. The chicken at Pegu Club is incredibly rich in flavor without the deep fried after taste. Best tapas dish by far. Con: Very small portions. In addition, we ordered the burgers thinking they were beef burgers. Turned out to be seafood burgers instead. Decent but not what we were looking for. Service: Attentive staff. Might be because it was after midnight and it wasn't that crowded but definitely cordial and quick. Ambiance: Great decor. Dimly lit. Not too loud. Good place to bring a date. Very classy. Overall Takeaway: Bill came out to close to $400. 3 guys ate most of the food and 2 girls just drank a few martinis. Our hunger was finally satiated but it took $400 to do it.... Chicken lollipops and specialty drinks made it worthwhile. Be careful though, the tapas add up. Bill was a surprise!
This is an excellent cocktail lounge to chill with friends. The prices are high for the tiny cocktails but they are top quality. I like the earl grey martini..and just about everything else I tried but can't remember. If you appreciate serious bartenders and well crafted drinks this is on the shortlist of Manhattan musts.
While not trying to hide from the hustle and bustle of Houston Street, it is hard to find. Good. It made the walk up the stairs even more exciting.  The "club" is a comfortable old style cocktail bar with a great ambiance of calm, but still energetic.  The service was very good and the menu of cocktails is a throw back to other eras.  The general theme derives from a 19th Century British/East India club and so lots of gin drinks.   By our table at the window looking north, I enjoyed my "Pegu Club" cocktail and my better half a rum cocktail from the 17th century.  It was much fun and stayed for another. Cheers
My friend introduce me to this place and Im glad she did. It was not hard to find but if you're not looking for it you would never know it is there. The place is a good size with a nice, quiet atmosphere.  Perfect place for a date since you can have a conversation without having to scream at each other while having a really GOOD drink. We were lucky to find that they were celebrating their 5th anniversary so we were able to order drinks from a special 5th anniversary menu. The waitress was great and very informative. she had great knowledge of all the drink on the menu and were able to recommend drinks for us after asking a few questions.
Visit 2 to Pegu was LOVELY. Was seated promptly, drink orders taken promptly and served promptly. Music is always a little too loud for my taste (I hate yelling) but I love their drinks (so yummy!). This was a Saturday night too, so not bad for being able to get a table for 4 and be served promptly.
The bartender there that served us, I really wish I knew his name so I could give him a shout out, was fantastic. Extremely courteous, friendly, and knowledgeable. The drinks he made were topnotch and it was a pleasure watching him work. He made me a variation on a Penicillin that I felt was even better than the original. The space itself is nice, in a second floor location..not so "speakeasy-ish' or exclusive-feeling as Death & Co. or Raines.
I heart this place. The service is superb and I dreamt about those mini scallop burgers for weeks afterwards. Sit at the bar for the ultimate experience. If you don't have a drink in mind, tell the mixologist what flavors you like and they'll make you something special.
Girly drinks are quite good here!
Classy and intimate vibe, especially on a weeknight where it is less busy and allows you to appreciate the atmosphere of the bar and the beautiful decor. I tried the Pegu Club Cocktail which there is a fantastic blurb about in the expertly written witty menu they provide. The drink was delicious as was the Gin-Gin Mule which is essentially a gin based mojito. Had crispy squid from the small plates menu and the spicy tomato aoili accompanying it adds the perfect flavour kick. I recommend this bar for a date night.
Haven't been back to this place in 2 years now i know why. The decor is dated and at an average $12 a drink the service and attitude you get is horrible. Twice the bus boy removed drinks from the table which were not finished, music was so loud orders had to be repeated several times because the lazy B couldn't cirlcle around the table to take orders. Drinks were spilt when arrived then a 20% surcharge was tacked on. What a shit show - never hanging here again. Pros: Madame X is across the street, and Vault and Pravda around the corner. Cons: Horrible service at upscale prices.
another typical fancy expensive cocktail bar in new york. according to my guy, they made very good innovative drinks. whatever that means... (i can't tell the difference. and my favorite drink is vodka tonic, which you can find at any dive bar..) a drink is $13, which i was told was standard for fancy cocktail bars in new york. the space was pretty loungey, so it's great for groups. and there are a lot of two-person cute tables that are ideal for a date! and i am sure it is used as a date spot. the guy downstairs: i'm so nervous. the girl is probably waiting for me up there. the coat check guy: you'll be alright. i checked my coat (oh coat check is free!) pretended not to be listening to the conversation, walked up the stair and saw a girl who seemed to be waiting for someone anxiously. i sat at the bar and then i saw the guy downstairs and the girl walk together to one of those cute little tables. hope it went well for them. is this useful at all? i mean i'm trying to say that if you're nervous about your date you can talk to the coat check guy. he probably has some solid experience dealing with people who go to pegu club for a date.
I have a theory about the mixology movement that has really taken off in the last few years. I feel like many cocktail mixology bars in NY have drinks that are either really strong, really sweet, or really weird (e.g., water melon-jalapeno). However Pegu Club gets them all right. None of their drinks are over-the-top. Some are subtle, some more potent, but they are all expertly prepared by seasoned bartenders (all men incidentally - no busty Russian eye candy hired for her looks who just learned to mix drinks two weeks ago). My favorite drinks are the Pegu Club Cocktail, Gin Gin Mule and their Negroni. To demonstrate my point, I HATE!!! Negroni's but I love the Negroni at this place. It's still the same bitterness but it has a subtlety to it that you don't usually find at other bars. In terms of ambiance, Pegu Club is arguably one of the best cocktail bars in the city. Classy, elegant, just an all-around great place to drink for people who like to drink socially with a sense of class. It's great for afterhours drinks with coworkers or for dates. Also, if you're hungry for a light snack, their food menu is quite excellent as well. I highly recommend their scallop sliders.  Regardless of the occasion, you won't regret coming here.
Have always had great drinks here. They take the time to make drinks correctly. Their specialty cocktails are strong but balanced. They have some interesting drink recipes that include high quality, fresh ingredients. They present them in the right vessels with the right ice or icing mechanisms. Prices are high, but you get what you pay for. They take reservations, so walk-ins can sit at tables until someone else's reservation time. Good service without too much attitude too. Always a great place for craft cocktails.
Classy with a great selection of (expensive) mixed-drinks.  Remember to dress up, make "reservations" in advance, and bring your friends!
i went here a few weeks ago to meet up with a lovely lady for drinks (and to peep her in a dress, since i had only observed her once before, in her undies.) this place is niiice. classy and romantical, yet without any pretentiousness. our bartender, Ricky, was mad cool. pour ejemplo, this lovely vixxxen got to the spot ahead of me and was waiting at the bar, so Ricky pen'd on the back of a Pegu business card, "Sorry, Boys! =(" and placed it at the seat next to her. hi-5, Ricky! =) So, this is a fancy cocktail kinda bar. i like going to these places and sampling different drinks off their personalized menus. this is also the kinda joint were you can tell the bartender what you're in the mood for and he'll just whip something up for you to meet your mood. drinks here are of course slightly pricier than your regular bar but dammit if they aren't worth it - the proof is in the libation, and there was definitely extra proof in the ones i had.   i had a great time here, which i of course owe mostly to the company i was keeping that night, but just as much to Pegu. i'd recommend this place to anyone tryna go somewhere intimate to get to know someone a little better and enjoy their one-on-one company. i was so intrigued with my partner in drinks and convo that i didn't even notice until i went to use the restroom before leaving that the music they were playing was old soul classics - perfect. a note about the bathroom doors though, they don't push/pull, they slide. i was waiting unnecessarily for a few minutes because i didn't quite decipher that at first in the dark hallway when i tried opening the door improperly and it didn't budge, then assuming it was occupied. and then someone else walks up a minute later and slides right in. lulz. oops.
I often go there as a second choice when my favorite place of the day is too busy. They have a large room, large choice of cocktails. Cocktails are unequal, they range from ok to great. Just take your time choosing. Not all waiters are knowledgeable, but if you have questions they get you somebody who can answer. Interior is elegant but not splashy. I'm sure I'll go again more than once.
Great vibe, awesome drink list, and a fun place to hang out and chat with friends.   I will be going back for sure.
Pegu Club - do not remember that well!  I do know that I showed up late to meet my friends, very drunk with a drunk man I had just met earlier that evening, who introduced himself as a WASP and ended up telling my (black) former roommate that Barack Obama was not a black president.  It was a shit show, you guys, and it was all my fault. But I liked the venue.  It was a classy cocktail lounge, and by the time I arrived, my friends had secured a comfortable seating area with its own table.  The decor was swanky, the atmosphere fun but mature.  It was a great place to meet friends for nice drinks, but it would have been suitable for cocktails with co-workers or dates or anything in between. I think service was good.  I believe I only had one drink, the Earl Grey MarTEAni.  Looking at what was in it, I know I must have been pretty gone when I ordered it - I never order gin drinks, and the capitalization would have turned me off if I was thinking straight.  That said, I'm glad I got it.  It was delicious, made with earl grey-infused gin, lemon juice, and raw egg white.  Frothy, fragrant, and easy to make disappear. I come to New York pretty often, and I hope to come back to Pegu Club, maybe try for a regroup with my friends after my poor performance last month.  I liked the space and my drink was great.  I'll keep the place in mind next time I need a drink downtown.
If you're looking for a sexy sophisticated and unique spot to take a hot date, this is the place. Great, professionally prepared drinks (pricey tho) great vibe, (feels like somewhere from the 1920's in the south pacific), yummy tapas.Highly recommended. Go Drink There!
Pegu club is GREAT for a date or for catch-up sesh with your bestest girlfriends. Yes, it's a bit pretentious with the mixologists and expensive drinks, but the drinks are DIVINE and the service is cordial. The building it's in is quite unassuming and the entrance makes it look so small, but once you go upstairs - aahhh, the lighting, the beautiful people, simply excellent.
This was my second time at Pegu club and i'm really a big fan. I do not venture to cocktail bars that often as I don't normally need a perfectly well crafted libation. However, upon prompting from my friend who is a regular (the Duke on four-square) of this joint I decided to swing by again. While I wouldn't classify the venue as a speak easy, you probably wouldn't notice it just walking on Houston. But enter the door, proceed up the stairs and you're transformed into an intimate setting that has more than enough space for a weeknight. We parked at the bar, where our bartender quickly attended to us. Coming with said "regular" we had great service. Apparently, the guy was ranked the best bartender in New York by some magazine. I was very impressed with how much care he put into making the Gin Gin Mule. I'm sure he's made thousands of them throughout his career, but he put the utmost attention into it. I later found out the bartender was a former chemistry major at Rutgers (my alma-mater) so from chemicals to alcohol, not that far of a departure! The drink was very tasty and had just enough ginger flavor as not to overwhelm it. At $14.00 while not cheap, the price is reasonable for New York City. I would return here, though probably not every week like my friend:)
We went on a slow Thursday night (and it was past midnight), so it was fairly empty I had the Earl Grey MarTEAni- it was absolutely fabulous! Probably the yummiest drink i've had in NYC My friends (fairly big group of 13) loved their drinks too...i'm thinking i'll come back here again!
My favorite bar in the world... Epic cocktails, I've stopped ordering off the menu and have just let the bartenders tell me what I want to drink.  Just tell them what my tastes are, or what I'm feeling into that night, and I've yet to be disappointed... Frequently finding myself ordering those cocktails the next time I'm in this place... Ambiance is chic, and staff is friendly.
It's like a less-special Angel's Share, which is still very good relative to everything else.
I was completely sober on my bday prior to entering Pegu at 1am.  I made reservations, dressed well and was let in right away.  Everyone from what I remembered was vibrant and sexy.  The drinks were brilliant and well, we left at 3am and I ended up sleeping in my closet 20' and never made it to my bed. In summary- Delicious and bespoked cocktails.
Like you stepped back in time to the Prohibition era. The Mixologists (don't dare call them bartenders), prepare some of the finest and most drinkable libations that I have had. Whether you're a fan of whiskey, gin or vodka, there are more than enough options to choose from. Don't miss this place.
My friend lives in NY and she suggested the Pegu Club to go and have a couple drink and chill out, and I'd have to say that it was fun! The club itself is up a flight of stairs and behind a somewhat unmarked door (acrylic sign on glass door thats not really easy to read/see). It was on the corner of the building, right next to a hat store and I really didnt know what to expect. For me as i walked up, I felt like I was walking into a speakeasy back in the 20's, the vibe was relaxing with dim lighting and warm greetings. I for one am not a drinker of cocktails, I usually drink beer or bourbon, or both but pegu had some nice cocktails. They have a small but respectable selection of beer(none on tap)... and lots of whiskey / vodka etc. My friend had a "sunset" and she really liked it, she said it was refreshing and tasty, I had  a hitachico white which was fine. The main deal for this place is the atmosphere and they nailed it. Their drinks are decently priced and their staff is friendly and they know what they are doing.
This is a trendy lounge that's perfect to take a date.  The interior is gorgeous, and the drinks don't disappoint.  If you're looking for a smooth drink that goes down like water, they have plenty to choose from.  Yeah, it's a little on the pricey end ($14), but hey it's the price of having a beautiful lounge to drink in.  On a Saturday night, it wasn't too difficult to grab a table for two, just be patient and one will open up. As for the crowd, this seems to be more of a date spot instead of a spot to find a random member of the opposite sex, at least it seemed that way on the Saturday night I was there, just something to keep in mind.
Great cocktails, nice ambiance, close to my apt, what's not to like?  It's just missing a dance floor but the place is great as a starter or a chill night out with good company!
Classy place with classy drinks. I was surprised to find this place not crowded at all on a Saturday evening... until I get my check. They have nice cocktails but too pricey. Also, who on earth thought about scallop burger sliders? I would like find that person and shake his hand. Definitely worth to try. Overall, nice place to visit once in a while or take your guests to impress but I don't think there is any scarcity about that in NYC.
There's not much more to say about Pegu Club that hasn't already been reviewed. It's a great bar with specialty/fancy cocktails, great service, great decor. In fact, me & the BF celebrated NYE 2010 here & it was dolled up to the nines in a 40's theme. Downside: it's expensive & I am not rich.
im all about sexy hidden locations. made a stop here with a bunch of rowdy miamians for a round on our impromptu bar crawl. i had the old cuban which was perfectly delightful. the bartender really crafts the drinks to perfection- it was a joy to watch him working. a round of delicious specialty drinks about 60 bucks, not too shabby.
i walked past the door one way...then walked past the door the other way.  thank goodness for smart phones + gps. hung out with a date and we tried a number of different cocktails, but we both enjoyed the whiskey smash the most.  we were there for a while, not bothered by anyone, which made it a great date spot.   is there anything wildly special about this place?  no.  i'd prefer a speakeasy, but pegu club is a well known name, has a good mixology, comfy seating and efficient staff.
Fancy shmancy pegu! Went here for a girls night out and boy was it fun! It is definitely on the expensive side so I would go here for a drink or two before I head out, or come here for a date. Lovely ambience, great decor, right in the heart of Soho so lovely location too. The drinks are pricey, but their wine list is great! You get large quantities if you order the martinis but the signature drinks are kind of small. the strawberry-raspberry drink was great said my friend. There are pretty flowers for garnishes and made my girls night out cute! Service is OK which is why there is one star off.
You'll walk by this place a few times on the sidewalk before realizing there's a door to head upstairs to this cool little spot. Only had drinks, can't vouch for the food - but it's a cool 'soho-ish' atmosphere that's quiet enough to have good conversation but has enough vibe so you don't fall asleep.
The venue itself is sort of cool and loungy. I went right after work on a Wednesday and it was not crowded at all, which was nice. The service, however, is AWFUL! There was one woman serving all the tables. She was rude, inattentive, and just horrible. To make matters worse, she upped her gratuity on my credit card receipt! I am disputing it with my credit card, but things like that should not happen! Needless to say, I won't be going back. To anyone that goes to the Pegu Club and uses a credit card, be sure to check your statement.
We met a potential business contact here on a Saturday night. I didn't have the best time here, but it is definitely good enough to go back to. In terms of location it is fantastic; easy enough to get to and find but subdued enough to give you the feel of a good cocktail lounge. The staff was very friendly the moment we walked in, but they didn't seem to be very discriminating. I guess because it was early, they pretty much let everyone in.* The decor was dark and intimate, but because they didn't limit the door there really was no space for us to sit. We wound up meeting our guy at the bar for one drink. It was a very good rum based drink and the staff served it up quickly and with a good attitude. My only complaint was that I never got comfortable enough to enjoy it. By the time we left, it was standing room only and the sound level went from cocktail lounge to hip hop club. Maybe I'm just old, but a high end cocktail deserves an atmosphere to enjoy it. Pegu is designed for that enjoyment, but I know more people mean more money, so I guess the place need to bring in more people. I'll definitely go back, just not on a Saturday night. Have fun. G * Keep in mind that if they were discriminating they probably wouldn't let me in, which means I would have given them a hard time for keeping me out instead of letting me in. They really can't win either way here because I am very unreasonable in my analysis.
More findable than it's counterparts (Apotheke, PDT, etc). Once inside, the space is very large, again, especially compared to its counterparts. The drinks are very good and $13 is reasonable. Good date spot.
You can definitely miss this spot if you're walking down Houston too quickly!  You go on in, take the stairs up, and it's a medium-sized/small lounge.  There were a lot of people on dates here, which makes sense! The drinks are cute with pretty flowers in them, and it's a nice place to hang out at after having dinner.  Hard to find a seat, but who needs to sit?!
This place is a dark little upstairs on e.houston, maybe it's west houston at that point...anyhow. It's great. Red, dark, low seating, long wood bar and candles at every table. Very boudoir feeling. Fabulous cocktails in old-fashioned shaped glasses. They have fancy little trained mixologists, but either way my St. Germain drink was fab. Ending up talking to the people next to us, it's very cozy place. Over all, cute date place, ladies night out or just somewhere fancy tucked away from the busy street.
Decent selection of cocktails. One bartender for the entire bar so drinks take a while. However, theyre worth the wait. Gin gin and french pearl, delish. Bartender suggested an Autumn something which was ridiculously strong, loved it. Had a lovely time.
Came here on a Friday night with colleagues and was greeted by a coat check + bouncer in one. Strange, I thought - normally the bouncer stands outside pretending to be important and takes gate keeping very seriously. This bouncer was different, he was stern-looking but his attitude was welcoming - serious face, but not too serious. Made our way up the stairs and was pleasantly surprised by the crowd - well mixed racially, mostly professional-looking, and well-balanced between the genders. Music wasn't too loud, so we could hear each other speak. We were lucky to get a table immediately with no minimum, and the waitresses were attentive, but not pushy. The table we got was the first on the right and we were extremely comfortable. It was also well placed - easy to glance at the scene and easy to converse with our group at the table. We ordered the first round, ladies got Whiskey Smash and it was a bit smaller than expected. Gents got Old Fashioned and whiskey on the rocks. Noise level was energetic and the bar was full. Restrooms were way in the back, so had to fight through the crowd to get there. Saw a few guys waiting outside for the restroom and thought "ah sh-- is it a single-stall restroom?" Luckily a waitress stopped by to inform us "sliding door!" and the first guy in line had an embarrassed look on his face (as he should, because he made people line up for nothing). Second and third round were some more whiskey and some fruitier drinks and that's as much as I can remember... In summary, a good night!
Found Pegu Club on Yelp.  I somehow thought it was Spanish tapas.  I must have had my head up my ass that day.  The Pegu Club has an Asian influence.  Great decor, seating.   Drinks are amaYzing!  Lots of original bevies for the boys and girls.  The small plates, not tapas, were tasty but the choices were somewhat limited.  Then again, I was expecting Spanish tapas.  Sorry!  Enough already! Get there before 9:30 if you want a table.  Lots of long-legged young ladies with short skirts.  The space is on the corner and front door is hidden behind a bus stop.  Easy to miss.   I agree with Jane K who said, "My final ruling? It's an ideal place to take your parents, impress a date or catch up with visiting friends...satisfying an important niche in NYC nightlife." Remember, no Spanish tapas!  ;)
Even though I was searching for a while to find their door in the dark,cold rain last weekend- Segu was well worth it. The vibe was really relaxed and had a subtle comfy decor. Dark lit with good music, it's a great place to relax with friends or take a date. We managed to snag a table in the back but never felt neglected. The waitresses were friendly, attentive, and beautiful- always a great combo!  I really wanted to try the roughneck, but it appeared to be a popular drink (they ran out of the ingredients). The Earl Grey Martini and the Jamaican Firefly quickly made up for my disappointment though.  I had just finished dinner before coming here, so the Pegu appetizer menu is something I need to explore.  I will definitely come back!
Great cocktails, nice place, can get crowded on the weekend.   People here are definitely more dressed up so go accordingly.
This place has ruined me for other cocktails. I now find it extremely difficult to pay 15 bucks at rooftop bars for a cranberry vodka when I can get slurpy heavenly goodness for 14 bucks at pegu. AND you don't have to deal with a bar tender who's acting too busy to fetch you a bad drink! If u have a friend (and we all have this friend), who refuses to drink because he or she claims he or she hates the taste of alcohol, bring them to pegu. I did not think i was possible for drinks to taste this good. I highly recommend the Pisco Punch and the Honeydew Daquiri from their summer menu. Sweet and refreshing and surprisingly strong. The service here is really great. They check up on you constantly and get your orders to you very quickly. Come here earlier or make a reservation if you don't want to wait for a table. There are seats at the bar, but it gets really crowded there. This is a nice place to kick back with a few friends and enjoy some drinks after a long week.
Thought it would be yet another pretentious scene but was pleasantly surprised at how chill this place was. The servers were nice (not drunk!), drinks were supposedly good (as i don't really drink, i rely on trusted opinions of friends) and even the food! Bathroom was small, but clean. Good place for hang out... woah just read couple of other yelpers reviews on how un-pretentious this place is.. guess my word choice was right on!
Nice atmosphere, good drinks, attentive service
Mixologists here are amazing! Been here a few times, and has been consistently good. Cucumber-Gin cocktail is my favorite.
Just came back from the pegu club and I must say I will be back. The Jamaican Firefly is delish so is the Earl Grey Martini. The Bay Leaf Martini is a huge pass. Me and my friend cringed when we tasted it. The waitress was so sweet that she asked if I liked it and when I told her no she offered to get another drink for me. Yes the drinks are pricey but knowadays thats how much your going to pay for specialty drinks.
Excellent excellent cocktails especially the pisco punch and apple cobbler. The ambiance is great and even though it was crowded, we were able to hear each other and were seated in a cozy little booth. I'd go here again!
I came here for a friend's birthday recently.  It's a great place for small groups.  The ambiance was fantastic and the bartenders know what they're doing.  My favorite drink of the night: Pisco Punch. I wanted to give a shout out to Annie the hostess.  She's very sweet and was very patient with me when I checked in with her on the wait for a table even despite the hoarde of people crowding around her with various requests.  When a table was available, she made sure to find me to notify me. I will definitely come back again!
Love this place!  I wouldn't have known this is a bar at all from its location/door.  The place was very trendy.  We ordered a bunch of different cocktails to try.  My favorite was the earl gray martini.  They then brought several vials of oils to the table to allow you to mix in flavors (lemon, lime bitters, etc).  It was a very cool and chic place to try.  I would definitely go back.
First of all.. Pegu Club sounds like a dance club to me.. Until I know it's actually one of the "speakeasy" or fancy lounges where you can enjoy a cocktail here with some small bites.. So another date here with Erin M. after some shopping in the soho area.. and it's located next to dos caminos.. We decided to have a glass of drinks first before heading to dinner at dos caminos.. Forgive me.. I really don't remember what I've ordered but it was something with guava.. It was slightly "manly" for me as I thought my guava drink will be sweet.. I love the "earl grey" thing that Erin ordered.. It reminds me of my favorite drink in one of the other speakeasies that I love going to.. I have heard a lot of great things about pegu club.. I just didn't experience well enough to give this place a higher rating but If I end up in soho on a night with my girls. I will definitely come here and try more of their signature cocktails..
Drinks were great... crowd was obnoxious. Layout was awkward. Staff was accommodating and gracious. I'm easily amused and a tad bit hard to impress- but I was not even amused, which should be easily achieved while I'm drinking.
Nice date spot.  Pricey yet tasty drinks.  Detailed menu including seasonal offerings.  Classy, yet cozy atmosphere.  Gets crowded fast so get here early.
Pegu wasn't the easiest to find since it has a small sigh and located on the second floor.  But the space and decor was rather warm and intimate with lounge seatings.  I love the earl grey drink, had a rich tea flavor with just  the right pump of alcohol.  I celebrated my birthday night, and apparently, there were two other people celebrating their birthday too.  A good place for birthday hang outs.
LOVE!! A true cocktail bar that is not trying too hard to be one.  The perfect place to hide on a rainy/cold evening.  Strong drinks- check.  Plushy chairs- check.  Relaxed atmosphere-check. The only thing that was missing was Don Drapper.
Despite the fact that it's crowded and kind of hard to get to, it has a good, trendy vibe and a good crowd on weekend nights. The cocktails are decent too.
In the realm of the speakeasy, the sexy and cool are royalty.  Pegu surprised me with its intimate quality and comfort.  It's a dark lounge with artistic finish and lovely servers.  The entry is marked by a red geometric glass ornament. Drinks are unique and high quality.  The crowd is upscale.
Such an oasis in busy NYU/Village/SoHo neighborhoods! The cocktails were tasty and served by staff who knew what great service and accommodations look like. The ambience of the Pegu Club makes you forget that you're right on Houston. Can't wait to return!
Ramos Gin Fizz and Glover Club - Special thanks to mixmaster Kenta!!
Everything is so perfect here. Don't wanna leave!!! Can't wait to come back to try other delicious cocktails.. Take your date here! Perfect place)
Solid spot for some great craft cocktails.  Not too busy on Thursday nights, so a solid spot to come with some friends to catch up, or to bring a date. Only tried one of the food dishes, and found it to be very average.  Just come here for the drinks.
Fine drinks and fittingly-posh atmosphere with sexy lighting . . . though I DO have a problem with the seating in the front of the establishment.  The seats are so crammed together and repetitive that it felt like I became part of a speed-dating routine.  I was also somewhat miffed the one time when I asked for a Bellini only to receive a Kir Royale, which ended up being 18 dollars.
I really do love this place a lot.  I made a no hassle reservation for me and my girlfriends since we couldn't get a reservation at PDT no matter how many times we called.  Made the reservation for 8:30, and when we arrived, the place seemed a little empty.  Understandable since it was pretty early for a Saturday night.   The ambiance is really nice.  Dimly lit, with table candles.  Furniture is all very comfortable and sleek.  Nothing looks tacky.   The drinks are really well crafted.  My favorite is the Pisco Punch, although I did get to try the Earl Grey Marteani, the fir tree gin drink (totally forgot the name), the watermelon one, and this off the menu berry drink.  Everything was delicious and beautifully crafted. When I left, the place had filled up, but it wasn't overly crowded which I really liked.  Seems like they do pretty good crowd control here.  Probably will come back over and over and over again.
I tried one cocktail that wasn't what I was expecting, and was honestly a bit strong for me. I felt bad for asking, but the bartender was fine with making me another. I went with the earl grey crowd pleaser and it was delicious. Not sure if I'd come back - this place is a bit over rated.
Wonderful experience.  Went there with a bunch of friends.  Classy, but not pretentious in the least, plus it felt just right for my age group :)
Not really my scene. First of all, we asked for a table and added our name to the waitlist... the hostess claimed she couldn't find me because I was short. Not cool. Drinks were very sugary. A little too dark in there too. Meh.
Got better drinks, less lip and better service this time around several YEARS after my first visit. I guess the place either started getting a little mellow or the $10 tip I left for having them charge my cell phone worked wonders.
Pegu Club had strong and yummy drinks.  We were able to get a table so it was nice to not have to fight with people at the bar....although the service was a bit slow.  We ordered some food, and what I can remember is that the scallop sliders were really tasty.  We had mojiotos all night long, and you can tell the bartenders there know how to make drinks.  Just watching them, I felt like my arms were getting a work out.  It's a great place to go hang out, enjoy (not chug or slam down) drinks and catch up with friends.
Hands down, this was my favorite stop on my birthday drinking tour. The drinks are AMAZING. Don't be off put by the small size because they pack a punch. The service was excellent and the mixologists were incredibly talented. I came with a 6 person group, but this is definitely an excellent date spot as well. The atmosphere is quiet, intimate and comfortable. HIGHLY recommended.
I met some friends for drinks here and loved it.  The place is a bit hard to find, seeing as it is just a door with the logo and name engraved into it.  Walk inside, up the stairs, and into a classy, sophisticated lounge.  There is trendy bar along the right side and the rest of the room is full of couches, cool chairs, and low cocktail tables.  Pegu Club offers some appetizers, which looked delicious, but I did not try.  They have a very interesting drink menu.  I ordered a drink with apricot brandy and sorry to say, but I do not remember the other ingredients since it was two weeks ago, but I think it was the only one on the menu with the brandy.  Anyway, the drink was amazing.  My friend had a mojito, which was also very good. This place is great for groups, business drinks, or just casual drinks with friends.
This beautifully decorated upscale bar and lounge is located on the second floor, near the Dos Caminos. I came here with a couple of girlfriends last summer and we each ordered an appetizer to share. They came out presented on a platters like you'd expect at a high end tea room. I had amazing scallop burgers and I remember the other girls having dumplings and something with duck. In any case, it was all delicious as were the drinks. Of course everything is priced as you'd expect but the complete ambiance and the classy feeling makes it an ideal place to go for pre-date drinks or just out with the girls. I loved it.
Oh how the mighty have fallen. The sexist pig of a bartender made mediocre drinks & even worse comments. I have been about 6 times. Seems like there was a change in management and/or staff? So sad.   The 2 drinks I had were both too sweet for my taste. There are now much better cocktail bars within a 10 minute walk.
I was in the area and wanted to check out this place because a buddy of mine is a manager there. I walked up to a small entrance, expecting this to be a tiny little spot. Before I go on, I have to say that the security person who greeted us was very polite and had a great sense of humour (as someone who works for clubs, it isnt common to find staff like this). Moving on, I walked into a venue that blew me away. While not super wide, the place is reallllllllyyyy looooong. I never expected that based on the doorway downstairs. The decor made me feel at home right away. I was just so comfortable there. I enjoyed all the fine details and the colors were right up my alley. Moving on to my drink... I decided to get a Green Market Melonball (new on the menu). Holy shit! What a drink! I'm a picky person and pretty boring when it comes to selection, but it was sooo delicious. The alcohol was felt, but not tasted. The flavor was very full. Let's talk about the ice cubes... right away, I noticed something different. They had a very unique shape that attracted me to them. The manager came over and when I commented, he informed me that these ice cubes are specially designed to last longer than your drink (so as not to water them down). I was fascinated by them and stared at them for a while, watching them like I somehow understood the science behind them. I plan on coming back here again and again. I think it's ideal for a nice, quiet evening with that special someone (or someones if you got it like that LOL).
Very classy, chic vibe to this place. A good choice for for catch-up drinks with a couple of girlfriends, a first date, or even a place to bring out-of-towners. It was fairly easy for us to get seating for three on a Thursday night, which was a plus. They also have a really interesting cocktail menu. Most of the drinks were gin-based though and I'm more of a vodka gal myself, but they can substitue. In terms of improvement, our waitress could stand to have been a bit more knowledgable of the cocktail menu and offer suggestions.
This was, quite possibly, the best cocktail bar I have ever been to.  We were shopping in Soho when we stumbled upon it.  Someone had just recommended it to us so we recognized the name.  We walked up the stairs and entered into an amazingly classy establishment.  We chose a seat at the bar because we like watching the bartenders at work and talking to them about what they are making.  I described what I was looking for to our bartender and he totally nailed it with a refreshing grapefruit smash.  It was fantastic (and beautiful).  I also loved the Poquito Picante - spicy and delicious and definitely different. When we asked how to make the grapefruit smash at home, the bartender patiently explained an "easy" way to do it and also the more complex way including specific stores to buy the unusual ingredients.  We ended up pushing our dinner reservations so we could hang at the bar a bit longer.  We went pretty early on a Saturday and by the time we left it was completely jammed.  Go early if you can!  It's definitely expensive, but the cocktails are beautifully crafted.  Next time I want to try the Earl Grey MarTEAni that everyone recommends on yelp or maybe the Elderflower spritzer! 120/365
This place was great!  The service at the bar was extremely slow (-1 star), but I suppose that's because of the time and attention that go into each cocktail?   I really wish I remembered what I had ordered.  I want to say it was a french 75 b/c I def remember champagne.  My friend ordered a whisky based drink that was shockingly good (keep in mind i don't like whiskey).  Standard NYC prices.   I'd def go back.  Good for dates, catching up with friends, and smaller sized parties.
Pegu is hit or miss in my experience. They have great drinks, seemingly with an emphasis on gin, which I love, but the vibe and noise level really differs from visit to visit. I've gone there and had no problem getting a table, drinks, or hearing my friends talk, and then I've gone there other times to find there's not even room to stand. Once or twice we got a table and had trouble with service... and one night, the fire alarm went off for about an hour, emptying the place of most of its patrons. However, the maitre d' was smart, and comp'd everyone who remained for free drinks. Overall, a 3 star joint.
Why this place gets stars: pretty easy to get in, had a nice reserved area for a friend's birthday, everyone got a glass of water and the drinks were tasty (except for 1..don't remember the name but I had to hold my nose and take it as a shot). Why this place gets less stars: for $14 and a 30+ minute wait for a drink I'd like my cocktail to be larger than a medium shot glass. Yes it's impressive that they use egg white in one of the cocktails...but when everyone is ordering it you'd think there would be more bartenders behind the bar. Or let the bar backs serve the bottled beer. But the size if the cocktails hurts my soul. My friend called ahead for a reservation for about 15 people...only about 7 of us fit in the reserved area. News flash...we're adults not children. Give us some more room!  Table service was slow, probably due to the slowness of the bartenders. Most likely wont return...ever.
Having recently received my membership card to the fancy drinks only club, I've been spoiled by the Death & Co's, Mayahuel's and Rye Houses of the city. When some friends agreed Pegu Club was just a notch below, I took them at their word but went to see for myself since the place is a stone's throw from the office. To my surprise, Pegu was great with a capital G. The décor was somewhat reminiscent of the Japanese steakhouse from Kill Bill, except at 7pm, it wasn't crowded at all. (Try getting a seat at Rye House at 7 and you'll see what I mean.) Even better, the bartenders asked what we were looking for in a drink (me: stiff, not too boozy, but not too fruity either) and they hit it on the head with a gin sour concoction with muddled maraschino cherries and something else I can't remember). Even when the bartenders switched shifts and the lovely Yael came to take care of us, she didn't miss a beat and created another spot-on cocktail, just to my liking. (Thanks for the extra cherries, Yael!)   A few cocktails can get a little pricey here ($60+ for 4 drinks, before T&T), but if you're looking for a quiet atmosphere and amazing libations, definitely check Pegu out .
A little different than all the others . i think they need to put out a sign of some sort , the drinks were good a little pricey  , the crowd was okay . did not impress me .
Pegu Club makes my absolute favorite cocktail of all time, the Pisco Punch. It's both pleasantly sweet and potent which is exactly what I look for in a drink. The recipe is published online. I've made it at home so I know what a pain in the butt process it is to make lime syrup, grapefruit syrup and infuse pisco with pineapple over 3 days. Needless to say, I was eager to revisit Pegu Club once again to have this magical libation. What ruined the experience though was the terribly inattentive service. My friend and I sat at the bar on a very quiet Monday night. We got our first round right away, but neither of the two bartenders bothered to ask us if we wanted a second. After waiting 30 minutes with empty glasses, we had to interrupt their conversation to ask for our check. They chatted for a bit more, and then gave us our check. We hightailed it out of there. I won't bother going back. It's worth the laborious process of making Pisco Punch at home to avoid the crap service at Pegu Club.
Alright, let me tell you what is wrong with this place: -All the waitresses are dressed up in ridiculous little costume-y dresses Now forget about that and let me tell you what everyone in NYC already knows about Pegu Club: -Every drink on the list sounds delicious which makes picking one nearly impossible -The music is at that level where it is just loud enough to sound great but still quiet enough to have a good conversation, and the songs selected fit the atmosphere perfectly -The interior is warm and comfortable but still cool and classy -Drinks are reasonably priced for the quality you get -Food is tasty, interesting, and small enough that you don't feel guilty ordering it For any normal person the good obliterates the bad here, and for creepers or people into cos-play I guess there is no bad at all.  its an all around win, with so many positive reviews  you're just wasting your time if you are reading mine... you could be throwin back a penicillin right now
Love the ambiance of this place.  Drinks were on the interesting and pricey side.
Awesome lounge environment that has great service, drinks and food. Would definitely not hesitate to go back again. I had the Pegu Club cocktail, which was tasty and proceeds go to the Philippines relief effort up until NYE. Haven't felt so good about ordering a drink in a long time! My companions had the Gin Gin Mule and a flaming cocktail which were both fantastic. The server was great and had a smile. She warned us that the flaming cocktail was really strong, which I thought was really professional. The bar bites we had there, the Sloppy Duck and Chicken Satay, were also surprisingly delicious
4.5 / 5 because the drinks were too strong, but besides that it would be great for everyone else!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. Drinks - Pegu is known for its drinks, and definitely had some unique ones on the menu! I started off with the Peach infused drink with bourbon and then ordered a Santa's Milk (Bourbon, Maple Syrup, and Heavy Cream). The Pegu created drinks were wayyy TOO STRONG  for me (but I'm a complete light weight; everyone else loved the strength of their drinks) so I ended up ordering just a cranberry + oj with less alkies, which turned out to be ridiculously delicious! Most of the drinks are made from bourbon or gin. They do have a wine menu but my party was more in the mood for pegu inspired drinks. Also I heard that the PEGU COCKTAIL was highly recommended as well, but none of us ordered it. Atmosphere - the lounge itself was very conducive to conversing and having a good time in a CHILL environment, without the noisy hustle and bustle of a normal club. My best friend reserved a large table / booth for our birthday celebration and even though we were 20-30 min late, they were very lenient and kind about letting us keep our reservation. One note though, if you reserve a table, you must order with your waitress and you can't just go up to a bar. but they are VERY good about splitting your tab up individually to cater to your group's parties. Overall, Pegu is a very sophisticated and classy lounge to just hang out with friends, catching up, or just chilling for the evening. The doorman that checks your id is hilarious and has a great sense of humour, and the drinks were great (Too strong for me) but definitely unique and tasty!! Highly highly recommended.
Drinks were good. Lots of people. Too many, to be honest. It made the whole place very hot- uncomfortably so.
Earl Grey Marteani. Probably best cocktail I've ever had. Nice atmosphere---good for a date.
Excellent cocktails.  Loved the whiskey smash, but neither the lady nor I were disappointed with any of our four drinks.  Also got mushroom dumplings that were very tasty. Loved the ambiance inside.  It's a walk up the second floor to a wide open space with long bar, many small tables.  Good for a drink date.
I really loved everything about this place. It is the best place to go in the City for cocktail. I give this place 4.5. The interior was great. The cocktails were better. I look forward to coming back.
Classy place. Food really surprised me. The scallops sliders and sloppy duck sliders are great with cocktails. The sour punch is dangerous delucious
Excellent drinks! It's definitely on the pricey side ($14-$18) per drink but the quality is top notch!! I rather pay the price here than places that charges $14 for water down house vodka cranberry! Between my bf and I, we tried, Earl tea martini, bay-leaf martini, tune-up, whiskey smash, gin-gin mule, the old Cuban, bourbon-chai punch, champagne apricato, la fleur de paradis and cafe de martinique ... That's it LOL It was so good that we were intrigued to try different drink one after another and got pretty slammed, but was a good time.. It's definitely not the clubbing scene but it's nice to enjoy a few good drinks and each others company :)
Maybe my expectations were too high, but I wasn't as impressed with Pegu as some other cocktail bars. I came here on a week night so it was very chill. The decor is dark and sleek, and the lounge had really comfortable seating conducive to catching up with a friend or two or for going on a date. While I liked their cocktails, I didn't find it as impressive as some other places. Their food, which is Asian fusion, was decent. The summer rolls were ok and I really liked the calamari but it is hard for me to dislike anything after it's dipped in sweet chili sauce. Out of the three cocktails I had, I enjoyed the Earl Grey Martini the most and definitely recommend it.
Pegu Club has a few of my favorite cocktails in the city. First, I recommend you arrive early in the night, have a reservation for the peak hours, or arrive later after one am. It's a great place to unwind over some inspiring drinks. My recommendations, which vary depending on the menu, are: the bayleaf martini, the earl grey marteani,  and the whiskey smash. I like dry drinks in general so if you like sweeter, you may want to choose something else. When you visit Pegu Club when it isn't packed, it's a great place to ask the waitstaff for a recommendation based on your tastes or an ingredient that you like. If I'm in the area and it's three o'clock in the morning, I'm probably at Pegu Club. To learn how to make the earl grey marteani on your own, watch this video: on.aol.com/video/how-to-…
It takes a lot to get me to bother with the LES but I would go down there again for Pegu.  The drinks are -- as mentioned -- fantastic.  I stuck with the Whiskey Smash but had a sip or two of friends' drinks and they were all stellar and one of those few instances where it feels worth it to shell over that much money for a drink. Definitely nice to have a reservation and one's own table.  I'm not sure if I would have the patience to squeeze around the bar. One unfortunate thing was that the toilet was absolutely covered in pee.  I know this happens everywhere but one would expect class in a place like this.
I'm totally hooked on great cocktail places these days and this place marks the spot. Aside from the bartenders/"mixologists" being a little bit pretentious, the cocktails rock and the ambiance is pretty great. It's pretty fun to watch them make your drink with such expertise. This place is a great spot to go with one or a few others. It's rather spacious inside, and is filled with stylish, trendy NYCers. Be ready to spend a lot of dough on a cocktail though! I'll definitely be back. I think it would make a great after-dinner spot.
"Golden years" "Look at that sky, life's begun, Nights are warm and the days are young." This is my favourite bar in this neighborhood.  And perhaps even south of Houston.  What's not to like?  This place has everything you need, once you've graduated from the dive/frat bar scene Cum Laude.   While it is certainly the grey lady now of the cocktail art and speakeasy scene, Why should you come here + Diverse, eclectic and wonderfully prepared cocktails.  Twists on the familiar to the more experimental + Amazing staff service + Great for groups or dates + Classy yet sexy atmosphere + Homemade Ginger beer + Perfect location to exit Greenwich village bar hell It's hard for me to say too many negatives things about this establishment.  Sure, it's pricier than the bars immediately opposite on Houston, but it's worth it.
Came here for cocktail week with my roomies on Friday. 1) Awful that the cocktail week menu only lasted from 5-7PM 2) The hostesses and waitress were not friendly. They seated us in a weird spot - near a reserved seating for 2. There were 5 of us and they could've put us in the empty table in the corner! The hostess also only gave us 1 Cocktail Week menu (probably in her attempt to get us to order off the regular menu... whatever the motive, it looked bad on her part) 3) The cocktail week menu consisted of a choice of 3 cocktails and 2 appetizers. This is the first year of the event so if it is to continue, places should either advertise that the menu is severely limited or they need to expand their menu Ended up trying a ginger/basil type of cocktail. The 2 appetizers they had were the calamari (pretty good) and vegetable spring rolls. Probably would not come back again. It's a bit pretentious and not deservedly so. The only good thing about the service were the busboys!
On the even of the Great Hurricane we went to Pegu Club for early drinks (around 5pm on a Friday). This place is GREAT. Fantastic decor - like a British club / lounge. The drinks are superb - The Pegu Club, The Tomatillo, The Far East and the Gin-Gin Mule. All very well made and tasty. The waitresses were well versed in the drinks and friendly. Drinks were expensive - 14 dollars normally and 10 dollars for happy hour. Recommended!
Classy and trendy bar with good drinks! I had virgin Gin Gin Mule and it was a-mazing! The drinks are expensive as expected from Soho bar/lounges, but I would highly recommend!
This place has a very "lounge" feel to it. Of course there is a bar area with stools, but there is also quite a bit of seating as well, with very comfortable plush seats! Though the crowd tends to be mostly men in suits hitting on women way out of their league, it is definitely an enjoyable ambiance with excellent handcrafted drinks. I'd definitely go on a first date here. Just be careful of the staircase you need to use to access this place. If you have one too many drinks, it could be tricky walking down all those stairs...
This is a great lounge.  It's quiet and the cocktails are delicious and not too expensive ($13 or so).  We went on a Wednesday night around 11 PM and it was busy but no wait for a table for 2.  I went with a girlfriend but it seemed like kind of a date-spot in the section that we were in but we both sat on the cushion-y side to go from date-like to sitting-at-a-parisian-cafe style :)  Polite waitress and nice ambience.  You should definitely check it out!
I love cocktail lounges and this place did not disappoint.  You ascend the stairs and walk into a beautiful room.  Low lighting, beautiful decor very much a speakeasy feel.  I went back in June with a lady friend and we were able to get a table across from the bar.  This place has a very decadent feel to it and you'll feel it in your wallet too lol.  Drinks are not cheap but they are very well crafted.  We had the Pisco Punch and the Pegu Club Cocktail both were very good.  I don't remember there being music but that's not the point of a place like this.  It's to soak in the atmosphere and the cocktails.  Service was very quick and friendly..always a plus.  Definitely worth checking.  It's good for groups or a date.
What a sexy little cocktail lounge. We came her to celebrate my best friend's new job. It was perfect- chic and low key. The service was prompt. We were seated right away. Immediately, we got cocktails. They were strong and made with precision. The jamaican firefly is a definite must. I went a little girly and had the champagne apricato. Very delicious and light. We also had a few small plates (though, i do wish they were a tad bigger... i was starving after!). The duck sliders and scallop sliders were tasty as was the calamari. However, the dipping sauce for the calamari tasted more like mayo than anything else. It was a definitely the perfect way to start off a celebratory night!
went there for a first date.. definitely enjoyed their cocktails. Pricey, but well worth it!
I almost never give negative reviews, but so bummed by Pegu!  This place has all the right stuff to make me happy - slightly secluded, custom cocktails, sexy vibe - but fail all around. Went upstairs to the bar, where the bartender took at least 15 minutes to acknowledge us, despite our front & center seats.  Obnoxious people to the left and the right, being super loud and trying to  put jackets over bar stools to save seats for massive groups that hadn't yet arrived.  Ordered two drinks, which were super pricey but mediocre at best.  When we were finally moved to a two-top, the waitress was an absolute phantom - rather than trying another round, we closed our bill (which took forever) and went to Jane across the street - which by the way, has a great martini - and attentive service.
I always forget that Pegu Club is so close to my place, it's a great place to meet for drinks to start off the night. I love the interior, you walk into a low lit, long room, the front is occupied with low lounge seats and coffee tables, and then some booths and further back a long bar. The place feels very intimate with various vignettes to gather with groups of friends or on a date. The space has Asian touches throughout, but an overall modern and sleek feel. The cocktail list is extensive, and the bar is potpurried with bottles and vials of syrups and fresh ingredients to add to the elaborate and inventive drinks. I stuck with my usual, dirty martini, and thoroughly enjoyed it. We walked in at about 7:30 PM on Saturday night and it was already 3/4 full, the bar had plenty of seats, but by 8ish, it was packed. Definitely recommend making reservations if you want a table in the lounge area.
Not cheap, but if you're looking for a low key place to hang out with good drinks and good company, swing on by.
Reasons to like Pegu club... Cuz you can drink and drink and drink some more liquid perfection, aka earl grey marteani and not feel anything till you stand up and wobble, but still don't get sick. I think my body must finally agree with me on something: this finely crafted cocktail is too good to waste. Cuz sitting there amidst the noisy shadows and asian-inspired decor, while you and your friends chat it up is cool, as long as you have another one (marteani, that is) on the way. And cuz it's nice to indulge in something you truly adore once in a while, even if you end up having five or six--betcha can't have just one drink here--and it puts you over your weekly budget.
Came here on Friday night -- I had an amazing cocktail that right now I cant remember the name of to save my life and Pegu doesn't seem to have its menu online. It was a Duck something or other and one of the ingredients was SLJIVOVITZ! So of course I ordered that! It was GREAT! Very strong, but delicious. I had two. Loved the ambiance in here, its dark, the crowd is upscale and i didn't really know where I was going to end up that night, so I was a little under dressed in my "nice" sweater and combat boots. Ladies, this is the kind of place where that little black dress is perfect, fyi. The hostess completely forgot us at the bar, I did feel like I was waiting forever. We caught it when a pair that just arrived were getting seated before us. We pointed it out and the hostess seemed very genuinely apologetic about forgetting us and we were seated promptly. Otherwise the service was flawless. They checked on us regularly and remembered what we were drinking. It has none if the pretense and haughtiness that some of these "speakeasy" type places have, which is great as a novelty, but really after you've been to one or two the novelty wears off fast. I like that this place was higher end but  had NONE of that! I think its a great cocktail lounge. I would definitely go again.
love this place. cute space, good drinks, on-and-off service though :( i had the pisco punch (Delicious!) and the honeydew daquiri (this one i didn't like as much). can't wait to come back and try the other drinks just a note, it gets busy so come earlier if you want a table :)
Delicious cocktails and great vibe! It is hard to get a seat here and the service can be slow... so I would recommend going during the weekday.
Get to the Chase: Pros: 1) The atmosphere is vibrant and bustling, with dim lights and people all around 2) The drinks are pretty complicated and professionally made (definitely a place for cocktail fans) 3) Sliders are to die for! So it's a rare Win-Win finding a place with decent food and swanked up cocktails Cons: 1) The area is somewhat spacious, but you kind of feel out of place with the sidelines dotted with people on dates, or eating their meals 2) Pricey, but it's what you can expect from a bar in NY with a swanky lounge feel Overall, a great place to stopy by once or for a first date, but I wouldn't go there too often.
I heard a lot of great things here so my husband and I decided to come here for a few cocktails and bites to start the evening. While we were on our way, we almost missed it. My husband caught the neon sign on the door and up the stairs we went. When we walked in, it was semi busy, chill with low conversations going on. I really liked the decor. We decided to sit at the bar and watch the bartenders work their magic. After several minutes looking over the menu, we settled on a cucumber-apple fizz for me and a whiskey smash for him. On small bits, the sloppy duck sliders and mushroom dumplings. My drink was perfect for the humid night we had and the smash was well balanced. The sloppy duck sliders were really sloppy! But they were fantastic, shreds of duck and bbq sauce. The Mushroom dumplings on the other hand were ok...I smelled them a mile away with the truffle oil wafting through the air and when I took my first bite, I was disappointed. It wasn't seasoned at all, it tasted bland. On the next round of drinks, I was craving something heavier so I ordered a ramos gin fizz and and Hemingway daiquiri for him. The fizz was delicious, it was like a sweet and tart milk shake spiked with gin. The daiquiri was awesome too and looked vibrant. Next time I'm in the neighborhood and crave a real drink, I'll find my way back!
This place is strictly a lounge, not a dance club. - Cocktails were amaze, place unpretentious - Vibe was chill. A few people were falling all over themselves with drunkness, but that attracted much awkward attention on their parts. Come on, handle yourself with dignity. - Not too crowded, but not empty either. - The first waitress we had had a mad attitude. Ok, well that affects our contribution to your service. Just sayin'... The second waitress was MUCH better. She was appropriately accommodated for... All in all, good chill spot.
Had some time to kill after dinner at Vai Spuntino and before the Voca People began, so I brought my gf to the Pegu Club. It's a very nicely setup lounge, very Asian inspired. The seating is very comfortable too and spacious, so people aren't sitting on top of each other. This would be a good spot to come back to with a group, or with a date. Service was good too. As for what we drank, I had the Old Cuban, which was decent. I doubt I'd order it again, but I'm not going to fault them because the drink wasn't 100% to my liking. My gf had something with melon in it. I forget what the name was, but that was really good. Another plus about this place is that the drinks are just as good as some of the harder-to-get-into places, like Little Branch, Raines Law Room or PDT, but around 7pm on a Saturday night, there was no problem getting into the Pegu Club. Since we just had dinner, we didn't order any food, but the food menu looks very temping - especially the Scallop Sliders. Definitely worth checking out.
This is a bar I've read or heard a about somehow somewhere. Either way it's been on my mind as a place I should visit as one who likes to make or try to make vintage cocktails. So here I am, I have finally fulfilled this lingering need. Here on a Sunday night where it wasn't busy yet enough patrons to see the staff in action. The cocktails and the presentation is amazing. I had to start with their signature Pegu Club cocktail which the bartender assured is a great drink yet kinda standard for today's cocktail bars standards. I thought it was awesome and what set it apart the most was the attention to detail in its garnish. I had then asked for what he thought was a good example of an exceptional cocktail. He he then created this beautiful tall cocktail with an orchid and ice cubes strategically stacked on top of one another as to create a pattern in the glass. I was way to engross in listening to the story if the original historic Pegu Club in Berma and what dire state of repair it's in now that I never remembered this cocktail's name. However I'm sure all of their concoctions are epic in their own way and I am excited to come back again and again.
The drinks we ordered all turned out to be very girly. Delicious and sweet. And actually quite strong. The apricot champagne option (the last on the menu) was deceptively sweet. The earl grey marteani was not bad, but didn't taste much like earl grey at all. The pinoy punch was fine, not terribly distinctive, and also sweet. Service was not bad. Allowed us to be seated before the entire party arrived. No dress code (though another yelp review seemed to suggest that they may have soft dress codes some days). Small space. Easy to miss. $14 cocktails. $18 champagne drinks.
Tourist review. Loved it. We loved it so much, that we can twice in our four days in Manhattan! It's a very relaxed vibe without the pretentiousness that bars of this caliber can get. All the drinks that we got were excellent and the staff was helpful and prompt.
Pretty good drinks, some were really strong and bitter but I guess it depends on everyone's taste, nice atmosphere, would def go back again!
First, this place is difficult to find.  It is across the street from the Starbucks but the door is still nondescript and not labeled well.  I've been twice and struggled both times to find the place.  And it is out of the ways as far as location.  Being hard to find does not make a lounge exclusive or private even though that seems to be what they are striving for here. Second, I do not like the decor/vibe of this lounge.  Both times I've come here it was suggested by guys on dates who in hindsight were a lot alike (workaholic entrepreneurs who didn't get out much) and I can see why the manly serious vibe of this lounge might have appealed to them, but not to me.  Too dark and serious and boring for my tastes.  I think they both erroneously thought a place with "club" in the name would impress a date, but I would have rather met at the Starbucks across the street.  I'm more impressed by good taste. If someone ever suggested to me again that we meet up at this place, I would politely ask them to take a mulligan and come up with some place with a better vibe and more convenient location.  I can't believe I've made the mistake of coming here twice already (fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me), but I will never ever be back here again.
Not gonna lie, I'm in like with this place. Went with 2 friends on a Wednesday evening. I was surprised at the size of the place- when I think of speakeasies, I think of smaller venues but this was pretty spacious. Crowd was on the older, more distinguished side, very classy. Despite this, getting in was not at all difficult and the servers were quite lovely and unpretentious. Thanks to you lovely yelpers, I tried both the Jamaican firefly and the Earl Grey marTEAni. Both were pretty solid cocktails! The firefly had ginger beer and was garnished with crystallized ginger. The Earl Grey for some reason made me feel like I was drinking perfume... but in a good way. I was famished and I came straight from work, so I didn't really have a choice but to order food. Portions are very small and not really good for sharing. It was good, but not worth the prices. I would definitely come back if I'm in the mood for a laidback night. Great place for catching up or showing your out of town friends how baller you are. :)
Went here about a year ago or so. Nice, kinda Asian atmosphere. It was comfy, but I didn't find it "cozy", so as to be able to whisper sweet nothing's in my fiance's (then girlfriend) ear. Haven't gone back, and don't think I'll go out of my way to do so, but if I'm in the area I would stop by.
The mixologists here are super talented. Every drink is mixed and stirred to perfection. You have to sit at the bar and watch the masters at work. Just when you think you have tried all of the drinks, the menu is updated seasonally to keep you coming back for more. Tasty bites available at the bar or tables.
I'm a fan of Julie Reiner and Audrey Saunders' cocktail program here at Pegu Club but over all I was not impressed. I like the discrete entrance off of Houston. Once inside though, the space configuration is a little awkward. If you get seated along the wall with low wood tables the lighting feels like you're under a spotlight. Seating along the windows are a little better or more intimate. The crowd also leaves something to be desired. Given all that, perhaps the best seats in the house are the ones at the bar or the group tables if you're with a crowd. That said, the cocktails are excellent. The Earl Grey Marteani is worth all the praise. And the bubbly cocktails are delicious. And if I'm only in need of a good drink then I'd possibly come back here and sit at the bar. The service leaves much to be desired. The awkward space leads to a bit of confusion at the maitre'd table and the while they take your name for a table they don't pay enough attention as to whether random people are just taking tables after people leave. Over all if the service was better and the vibe was a bit more sophisticated I'd give them another star. Accessibility: 3.5 stars Drinks: 4.5 stars Atmosphere: 3 stars Eye candy: 3.5 stars
this is a fantastic place to take the guy or girl you think is cute and want to know better. the interior is long and narrow, and dimly lit. there's a bar or you can sit at tables along the length of the bar next to windows. the drinks are creative, sexy, and strong. there are finger foods too, but nothing to rave about. this place is all about the drinks. if you go on a weeknight around 6-7pm or so, it's relatively quiet. on weekends it definitely gets more loungy and crowded.
The Pegu Club is exactly the type of space that grown-up, Adult Alice imagines having birthday parties in the future, when she's finally abandoned the dive bar scene once and for all. Ample seating and perfect for both groups and couples. Excellent cocktail menu - I ordered the Earl Grey MarTeani, the Jamaican Firefly, and the Pisco Punch (we were there awhile...) I see why the MarTeani gets raved about, but my favorite was actually the Jamaican Firefly, which is a mix of rum and ginger beer. The deliciousness of the drinks also greatly belies how generous of a pour is in them... I would venture that the cocktail menu is probably more of a success with girls, as a lot of the drinks are very sugary and fruity. Not sure my manlier bourbon-drinking friends would be keen on this place, but since I like my cocktails to scream Sweet Sixteen, Pegu Club was a hit for me.
Damn if this isn't one of the greatest chill drink spots I've been to in New York. It's still trendy and upscale, but I don't have to worry about it being obnoxiously loud or overly crowded. Perfect for a date: the seating, ambiance, and lighting are perfect for having deep conversations with the girl of your fancy. Also great for just catching up with some friends. Their drinks are interesting, tasty, and strong all at once. Service was a little slow for us that night, and the prices are on the high end ($15 per cocktail), but totally worth checking out sometime. Door is a little hidden and it can be hard to find, but I like it that way. Will be back for sure!
Pegu Club is disguised as part of some row houses, and if you didn't have the address handy, you'd probably ignore the bouncer that guards the door, who is, by the way, really nice and friendly.  The decor and ambiance is Asian chic.  More of a lounge than a club, but definitely unpretentious and relaxed.  The cocktails are great and the bartenders are friendly and definitely take the time when mixing your drinks.  A good cozy seating area too!
Was recommended this place by a coworker so a friend and I went to check it out on a Friday night. We were impressed. A hidden gem for sure because I've worked nearby the whole time and didn't even see it. It's got a very chill vibe, 20's upscale. The music is great, no top 40s here and the volume is perfect. A great place to chat and bring a date ;P Get the earl grey marteani, it was so good. The scallop sliders, amazing. Sandy relief cocktaili, mm...not my favorite. The cocktails run about $13 but there is a menu of other options. Bartender was friendly and it was easy to get serviced since theyre all quite attentive. My coworker said he saw the bartender from Angel Share visit this bar, validation for sure.
Very nice special cocktails made with fresh ingredients with focus on gin, rye, and champagne based drinks, you wouldn't go wrong with any of the menu item. Prices range from $14 to $18 per drink. Food selections are so-so but for snacking purpose they are enough. Very cozy place that I would highly recommended for a group of 4-8 people. Good table service and good interactions with the bartenders.
If you're coming to this speakeasy to get a drink and only a damn good drink, come earlier to avoid the crowds.  We came on a Saturday night at 9:30 and had no problem getting a table and 30 minutes later, I had 2 drinks in me already.  The drinks are great, but I especially liked the English Grey MarTEAni.  While not being a huge tea drinker, I definitely appreciated the tasty English Grey infused gin used in the drink.    Not that this place and its ambiance wouldn't be great for a date or to meet up with people, but ultimately it's all about the drinks when it comes to the Pegu club.
So. To start. This review contains the world "mixologist(s)" within the contents. I never use this word colloquially, because I cannot say this word and mean it, and do so with a straight face. But I say it now. I mean it now. And... well, I only have a slight grin :) The mixologists: Masters of the craft. The ambiance: Authentically awesome. The clientele: Down to earth - considering its seeming exclusivity The music: Didn't quite fit the history and atmosphere, but very much enjoyable My order: One Watermelon Sunset and One Honeydew Daiquiri - BOTH WERE TO DIE FOR!! BEST DRINKS EVER!! - and this is coming from a despiser of sweet cocktails, I'm a beer and gin & tonic kind of girl!!  - and I loved them both!!! My first issue was that the first set of drinks took WAY too long. But I was satisfied in the end - so all was well. My second issue were the prices - $14 per drink on average. But again the drinks were so well made that I was ok with it - it also helped that I didn't pay for them (out on a date) - nevertheless, I felt bad that they were so expensive. Word from the wise: not the place to get drunk, this is place to nurse the HELL out of your drink and for two reasons: the craftsmanship of the beverage and the shear price of the craftsmanship. That simple. Makes you appreciate the mastery of such a feat.
Love the ambiance. Generally quite a stylish crowd, definitely should dress to impress in this place. It's more of a cocktail bar than a speakeasy. If i remember correctly they are one of the older cocktail bar in the city with a long standing history. I love their earl grey martinis (but then again i'm obsess with most things earl grey). All the drinks tend to be on the sweeter side. If you don't have a table, it's terrible to get drinks since there are always an overflow of ppl at the bar and the bar tenders are generally super busy. Once i waited about 30 mins at the bar to order a drink, not that i'm complaining as i was in awe with the care and meticulous method that the bar tender was taking for every cocktail. The food tend to be on the expensive side (even for NY standard), but i generally lean on it as a last resort. I was even here for the past New Year's Eve, which was surprisingly cheap (compared to other ridiculous options in NYC). We had our own little party tucked in the back (don't remember most of those nights but i'm guessing i had fun). A friend of mine also had a birthday gathering here too, which is also a good place for mingling and worked out really well. I've been to a whole slew of cocktail places / speakeasys in the city and this one definitely is on my list. but if you are a beer and shots and generally looking for a low key experience, this probably isn't going to suit your bill. If you are into good cocktails, have ladies who like to dress up, and hang out in soho, you will not be dissappointed.
Great scene but the lounges arent very loungy and when it gets packed its uncomfortable.
Came here for drinks with a friend.  I really liked the atmosphere.  It was relaxed but busy.  The decor was elegant and the details in the window were definitely instagram worthy!   We had some little dumplings and 2 drinks.  The service was pretty good but I do believe we had to ask for the check and ask to order some bites which is the only reason for -1 star.   I think it's a bit hidden but totally worth the trip!
Seriously, I LOVE this place. I met my old boss and his husband here for drinks. We sat at the bar and were served by a great, friendly bartender. The ambiance is great - dark, sexy, modern, but not too pretentious. Hard to pull off for a cocktail bar - some of them can be a bit intimidating and unwelcoming. Not so at Pegu! I am obsessed with the Earl Grey martini. So much so, that I want to fgure out if I can make my own Earl-Grey infused vodka. I didn't try any of the other drinks, but my drinking companions expressed joy over their drinks. Go. Soon.
OK I still love this place, the drinks are still phenomenal and the staff is super nice especially since I showed up after Id locked myself out of the house and gotten caught in a NY storm and looked like a drowned rat! So kudos for the unpretentiousness..however, I must confess that there was an odd crowd..not the most beautiful people in NY and that is weird in a city like this one, and lots of rather dodgy couples..maybe it was an off night..anyways, still a beautiful bar with lovely drinks..have the Gin Gin Mule or any cocktail with Champagne...
It's been about a year since I last came here but I still remember how much I loved it. If you want a break from the standard dumb ass, mediocre, faux nightclub feel of modern lounges, come to the Pegu Club. The Club is upscale without being snooty, elegant without being off putting. The cocktails are some of the best I've had in NYC. The bar food is adequate although I only had the grilled chicken. Dark but sufficient lighting, EXCELLENT service, a calm and quiet atmosphere and a well designed interior -- reasons to come here over other cocktail bars in the area.
I have visited Pegu club on few occasions.  Service is good, drinks are great,  and the place is trendy.  Will be returning for next drink.   :)
I love thoughtful places and this place is the epitome of creating thoughtful and interesting drinks. My favorite is the Pisco Punch and i have often booked my ticket to NY with this cocktail in mind. It's easy to miss as there is no sign so look for the door that says Pegu. Also getting a cab late at night always seems to be tricky in this neighborhood. But, it's worth it.
I'm not a huge cocktail lover, but I loved this place. I had the Pegu club and Sandy relief cocktail, and it was strong and smooth at the same time. The place itself is cute, classy, and chill. They purposely choose not to put a lot of chairs to make it more relaxed. The lounge chairs they have are super comfortable.
Read many great things about Pegu Club on Yelp and decided to give it a try on a Thursday night. It's a very intimate setting with low lights. With the help of various Yelpers - I ordered the Earl Grey MarTEAni, it really is like a nice spiked milk tea, I enjoyed it a lot. The boyfriend ordered the Gin Gin Mule - It was good, but I liked the Gin Gin Mule from Dutch Kills in Astoria better. Didn't have time to stay for more than one drink, but will definitely try again sometime soon.
Nice drinks, intimate but trendy, dark and cozy... kind of loud but not in an obnoxious way.  Solid place for cocktails.
Nice bar it was not too crowded so it was perfect! We sat at the bar and checked out some of the cocktails. First we ordered from the menu then we got adventurous since there was a large bottle of jenever we asked the bartender to make something i think it was called the last word it was something tart. I had a cocktail with scotch that was not too sweet. Since my first drink had pear spirit i asked for just the Poire Williams brandy but they did not have the 'original' one but one from Oregon I was ok with that! We were being silly the bartenders were also joking with us that made our night.
I love how cozy and intimate Pegu is. Very pretty, simple and nice ambiance. Awesome drinks (roughly $14+) made by equally awesome bartenders. And by awesome I mean likable, personable and not snooty. Oh, and professional - they really know their stuff. Coming in, it may look like Pegu could be one of those hoity toity establishments, but no, not here.. at least not from the staff. Their Earl Grey MarTEAni is sooooo good and unique. I mean, I've never had anything with egg whites and tea in my drink. How cool! The bartenders take their time with their craft, so don't be in a rush and expect them to hack these drinks on a whim. They make sure everything they dole out is made with precision and care! All around, this is a solid place to go. Don't come here expecting to 'rage'. This is not a place to dance, scream or shout. I love it. Definitely a gem. Pegu will spoil you and raise your standards for drinks.
Loved that it was big enough to fit groups but still quiet enough for conversation. Little Italy, Gin Gin Mule, and Earl Grey MarTEAnis were my favorite. Only mild disappointment: the Pegu Club Cocktail was a real confusing mix of flavors.
Thanks to my fellow Yelper and real-life-friend Julia D., I had the pleasure of experiencing Pegu Club last week.  I almost walked right past its unassuming door, but hung a quick right and trotted up the dark stairs to find a welcoming lounge with an impressive amount of seating and alluring decor.   I found it difficult to decide on a cocktail when they all sounded so enticing, but ended up getting the Gin Gin Mule to start, which is essentially a mojito with ginger ale and gin.  It was very tasty, but nothing that I couldn't make myself, so for my second round I opted for the Sidecar--this was a sensory delight.  It was surprisingly sweet and drinkable for being so alcoholic, and it's definitely something I would order again.  Also, I find myself craving their Earl Grey Martini after I had a sip of Julia D.'s...maybe next time!   I did find it a tad noisy, which made it difficult to converse, but overall it has a great vibe and I'd love to try more of their creations.  Also, kudos on keeping my water glass full!
How can you not love someone with passion--especially the mixologists who take so much pride in the concoctions that they spend a good 10 minutes (or more) creating for you to imbibe?  That's love, baby...and you can taste it.   My sister knows that I need quality cocktails (aka STRONG, yet SMOOTH and DELICIOUS) so she planned my birthday gathering at Pegu because of the atmosphere and drinks.  If you're at the bar, it may take awhile for you to get your drink on, however, we had a table so our beautiful liquids kept on flowing.       This was one of the best birthdays EVER--but birthday or not, you'll have a great time, too.
I liked it. My friend didn't. My friend doesn't like artsy-fartsy drinks, but I don't mind the. Earl Grey martini is over-rated. I thought atmosphere was fine.
Pretty large "speakeasy". Limited cocktail menu (compared to Angel Share), but the cocktails are great. They have perfected each cocktail they make. Good for a pre-dinner drink.
We came here on the recommendation of one of my local Houston-based bartenders. He's a cocktail expert, so I trusted him to steer me right, and my trust was well-placed. Pegu Club is a warm, inviting place to go and have an expertly crafted cocktail. Sit at the bar and watch them ply their craft, or settle in at one of the tables and relax with your friends. They have some small bites that you can order to nibble on, each with a recommended cocktail pairing. Nothing was cheap, but nothing was exorbitantly priced either. Every cocktail bar that I've been to has its own feel - some are more formal and reserved, some are full of hipsters, and some are very relaxed. Pegu Club falls into the latter category. Everyone seems happy (it's probably the booze) and there was a nice cross section of people. I'd recommend it to anyone who is an aficionado of well made drinks.
As far as Gin goes, they made their cocktails exceptionally well. This place also has a very interesting décor and ambiance reminding me of the old "Indian raj" era in the type of place the English would hang out. I would not necessarily make effort to go back but it is not a write off.
Came at Saturday night around 7:30pm and there was already a wait. My friend and I sat at the bar and ordered the Whiskey Smash and the Applejack Cobbler. Both drinks were decently strong and flavorful.
This was one of the places on my short list of fancy-schmancy cocktail lounges to visit, so I kept looking for an excuse to go. The problem was, I couldn't for the life of me figure out where they hell this place was hiding. I knew the address, and I live nearby so during the day whenever I'd walk down Houston I'd try to see if I could pinpoint its hidden location. Seriously, I'd make a terrible detective/geographer/navigator because it took at least three tries before I realized it was an unmarked door (big surprise there) that led upstairs where the bar was. I really think all of the "good" bars in NYC are hidden-I guess that's half the fun! I realized the night I went to Pegu Club that it would be much easier to find when you go at night because there's a bouncer outside. Once inside, I was struck by the sheer size of this place. Most bars in NYC are half this size, if that. It was a lovely atmosphere, very swanky, with comfortable chairs perfect for relaxing in. I ordered the famous Earl Grey Martini, and my friend went for the Gin Gin Mule. They were fairly priced at $13 (by fair I mean some other fancy schmancy places charge $16), and both were good but not fantastic. I love when drinks have raw egg whites in them...I feel a little bit badass taking that risk! It also makes the drinks super foamy which is fun. The drink didn't really taste very much like tea, though, which was slightly disappointing. Maybe it was just an off night...I would go back though to order my friend's drink though. Her Gin Gin Mule was basically a mojito-but not crappy and overly minty or overly lime-y like they are at most places. It was very subtle and yet extremely refreshing, and served with a giant mint leaf as a garnish. This is one of the few mixology-oriented bars in the city that has enough room to bring more than just a friend or two with you. I saw a party there of at least a dozen people, something you definitely can't do at PDT, Angel's Share, Little Branch, etc. Overall, I'd say this is one of the better "fancy-schmancy" places to hang out in the city because you don't have to feel cramped for space and the drinks are pretty fairly priced.
Great spot for drinks!!! The spaces here ate decent. There are rooms for tables and the bar area isn't a tiny hallway. We went in at 11pm and no line nor troubles getting a table for 2. However we opted for the bar area because it was much livelier there. Drinks are standard manhattan price ($14 per) but very potent and yummy. The only miss was the honeydew daiquiri, didn't taste like one to us. But the vida guayaba (and others that we tried) is yummyyyyyy!!!!! Great spot for dates or starting out the night in a classy way
Not the best or worst cocktails. Pricier than most. I kind of had high hopes based on the number of reviews. Stopped by here on a weeknight and place was pretty packed. Big venue too. Was able to score seats at the bar. I can see it being a cool date place, not sure if it gets loud or super crowded on the weekends.
This place can double as a sexy date spot or drinks with your girlfriends (or boyfriends). Definitely no dancing in here. I won't go into detail about the drinks we ordered because I think they've got something to suit everyone's alcoholic palate, and everything I had definitely pleased mine! For food we ordered: Jungle Style Summer Rolls Chicken Wontons Duck Bites (Everyone's favorite, we got an extra order of this) Chicken Lollipops Diver Scallop Mini Burgers Mandalay Coconut Shrimp I can't speak to the price because I wasn't paying, but I can say that as any other bar/lounge specializing in mixology, you should be willing to drop some cash if you're going at your own expense. It's not too loud so you can definitely hear your companions, but this is not the first place I would think of for a wild night out. More like a tame night to calmly celebrate and "treat yo self" with friends or drinks with a pleasant date.
In town relying on my cell phone to find places to stumble upon I was looking for a good place to entertain my friends so this placed was bookmarked and we were close.  After walking past the door a few times I finally spotted the emblem on the door.  My group of friends walked up the flight of stairs to the establishment.  At 6:00 on a Saturday the place was empty.  The nice hostess sat up and provided us with drink menus.  The list of drinks were very intriguing.  After we each made a selection our picture worthy arrived after a bit of time.  We were in no hurry killing time waiting for our dinner reservations.  Myself, I ordered their spin on a Manhattan.  Whatever they added did not please  my palate but it went down.  My second was a standard Rye Manhattan.  Well when it arrived I got two for one!  I guess the bartender over estimated in my favor.  The place was perfect for a pre-dinner tune up.  We enjoyed great cocktails which we shared with great conversation.  The atmosphere was perfect with some background music which was at a volume which allowed us to speak.  The place was very comfortable.
Holy cow, The earl grey martini is the best thing I've ever had.  It's amazing. Yes, it is a bit splurgy (as in $$$), but you can treat yourself once in a while.  :) It was a bit busy on a Saturday night, but it seemed like there was room for groups as well as smaller tables for just two people.
I've had some of my favorite drinks here. Their cocktails are amazing!   It's never been really packed the times that I've been here.  Overall, seating was easy to get.  This place looks romantic, elegant, and dim- definitely a good date place.  Don't sit on the couches if you're tired - they are so comfy, I always feel like falling asleep after a few drinks. I ordered a peach bellini (that was strong as hell, even though the name sounds so wimpy) and I ordered this ginger drink.  I forgot what it was actually called LOL.  But it was drink made out of ginger, with mint, and it had candied ginger as a garnish - which I actually ate too.   Love this place!
This place was very nice and the drinks and food are  tremendous. After one drink you know why this is one of the top destinations for cocktails in the city. To drink I recommend the gin gin mule and the scallop sliders. When we were there the crowd seemed to be young-ish (30-40) professional types and couples, not the under 25 crowd.
Came here on a Saturday night with some friends and had a great experience. This was our pregame destination so it was on the early side. At 10pm the place is just starting to fill up. It is big and spacious with very comfortable couches to sit on. There was no hassle getting a seat. The drinks were really cool. Some are better than others but overall a cool menu to try. After hanging out here for 1-2 hours we went to our next spot. I'd definitely bring friends back here.
A great place for traditionally concocted cocktails or forward-thinking mixology, and without the headache of making difficult reservations like PDT or Milk & Honey. Thank god for the return to quality mixing!
I have a little Bronx Tale scenario for Pegu Club for you. With a nintendo twist. Okay. So. Take a date here after a fancy dinner somewhere in the neighborhood. Order the Zelda (in my opinion, the best drink on the menu). Two of em. You hear? Two Zeldas. Not one. Two. Don't ask her what she wants. Just order two. Tell her...no whisper......that you have respect for Nintendo, but always thought Link was questionably gay. If she laughs immediately get the check, jump in a cab and take her back to your place....and scenario out how you best think Link and Princess Zelda would make babies. But if she stares at you blankly, wait for the drink...tell her you need to head to the loo to freshen up...on the way order 15 more Zeldas and specifically point to the table that they should be served to....and then walk out....down the steps....out the door.....into a cab....and grab some McD's before you go to bed.
So my esteemed colleague, Austin G, and myself, rolled into the Pegu Club on a Monday night. Yes - a Monday night. Things were popping in the Pegu Club, per usual. The crowd was eclectic, good-looking, and seemed to all be having a good time. We actually nabbed the two-top table which is right under the massive window and in the middle of all the action, prime people watching location. Only reason why this place isn't getting hit with 5 stars is my martini's were $22 per cocktail - and that is never a good thing. Try it. Bring $$. Enjoy yourself.
Dark, so a bit hard to find, but has a red sign on the outside. Fancy drinks, shi shi ambiance. Most cocktails are made of gin, but have a pretty creative pipette dropper to give drinks a bit more sweetness, bitterness, etc.
I only went there for cocktails - they have some really amazing ones. I love the ambiance, and the crowd is really good. Its definitely a very impressive date place.
Pegu Club is such a hidden gem in SoHo. I had never been before and visited for the first time last night for some after work cocktails and fully enjoyed my experience. Service - A+. The time and precision put into each cocktail by the bartenders is admirable, and worth every second because my drinks were delicious. Plus my water glass was refilled every few minutes. Atmosphere - A. Sophisticated and sexy. Ideal for a date or an intimate gathering. As it got later into the evening I saw some larger groups huddled around candlelit tables, so larger groups are accommodated as well. Seating at the bar allowed ample personal space and room to not bump into other patrons. Drinks - A. As I mentioned, delicious. The second of the two was a little sweet, however, the bartender had warned me about it prior so I had no grounds to complain. The first of the two was one of their champagne cocktails and was amazing. Definitely a great place. The only downside is that it's a little pricey, and of course, no happy hour pricing. So ladies, have your man take you here and splurge on you a little ;)
Oh god, this kind of place is everything that is wrong with the restaurant/bar business. Pretentious as crap. Why are all the little waitresses dressed in kimonos and the placed decked out in pseudo-asian garbage decor when NOTHING is remotely relevant on the menu??
an old-school favorite of mine, dating before PDT and milk + honey and the library room freeman's sporting club and all the other hip cocktail bars. great, french-officer-bar-in-vietnam vibe. highly recommended.
I don't know as much as I should about "mixology." I don't think this place is a "speakeasy." I don't care if that means it's no longer "hip." I'm not "with it." I don't have "class." I don't "shower often." All I know is that I had a good time, and the service was impeccable. They brought me a tall glass of water, and kept it filled. They brought me a well-made drink. They brought me a nice little carrier with eyedroppers of lime, lemon, bitters and sugar. And I'd do it again.
Oh, wow. Just...wow. Let me start with the only semi-con I can think of: we racked up a ridiculous bill. But after those drinks, I would've paid twice as much. Ambience: 5 stars I went 8-ish people. It was a great place to catch up and have a good time with friends. As more of us showed up, they were able to accomodate us at a bigger 12-person table, even on a Saturday night. Service: 5 stars Now, what to drink! The servers were full of recommendations and detailed descriptions. They loved the drinks themselves, and had tried every single one, which really helped. Drinks: 5 stars And if worst comes to worst and there's just no way to choose: the best part about Pegu Club is that it seems like you can never go wrong with a drink. - Red Pepper Red Pepper - sweet and spicy. PERFECT! This one wins my personal gold medal. - ...closely followed by (I'm going to butcher this spelling, evidence that I was having too good a time to take note) Pocito Piquante - even spicier and even sweeter - Earl Grey MarTEAni: Yelp reviews never lie - half of us thought this was the best one on the menu. Earl Grey tea? Egg whites? Sounds risky, but tastes UNbelievably delicious. - Other favorites included the Pisco Sour (peruvian classic), Jamaican something, Harvest something, some sort of mojito... (see what I mean? No way to remember these names) but everything was absolutely perfect. Food (yes, food): 5 stars We ordered snacks for the table. The two that stand out are: - Scallop sliders - WOW. We had to get seconds. - Mushroom dumplings in truffle sauce... Undoubtedly, a 5-star spot. Tip: if this review made you want to visit, VISIT NOW! They still have the Summer drinks menu as well as the All-Star drinks menu...double the fun!
The atmosphere and space is very nice. There are a bunch of tables that you can put your name in for when you arrive. We went on a Saturday night at 10 and it wasn't really crowded. People who put their names in got tables within the hour. The bar area is pretty nice so we decided to just stand there for drinks. The major problem is that the cocktails are so complex they take forever to make. Not exaggerating every-time we wanted a drink it would be a 30-40 min wait - which if you aren't standing at the bar you end up leaving the person you are with for that long. The bartenders are making cocktails for the people at tables along with everyone at the bar. The cocktails are Delicious but I have never waited this long for ones at other places that are just as good. They need many more bar tenders or to have some parts of the drink premixed. Around 1230 things started moving much faster.
Heed my warning: Pegu Club may arouse your inner, erotic creature. (You): Go on...? Maybe it was the company. Maybe it was the music. Maybe it was the alcohol. Maybe it was the fact that we were surrounded by sexy women on the prowl.... and we started discussing our preferences and fetishes. Wait, wait, I'm getting off track here. Allow me to break Pegu down for you based on my experience: Do you ever have one of those cliché New York City fantasies where you meet some mysterious man (or woman) at a mysterious bar and the entire atmosphere literally makes the whole evening a tense session of mind-stimulating foreplay? (Which then leads to the obvious resulting scenario...) Ok, so I didn't exactly meet up with a mysterious stranger for my evening at Pegu, but that is exactly the feeling I got while I was there. As some of my guy friends might say, this place has the potential to seal the deal. It has that vibe. That lavish, teasing, sensual encompassing vibe that makes you feel like you're a super model incognito. To me, the decor just oozes sexy confidence and from surveying the room, I could tell it was rubbing off on people. I know it was rubbing off on me. So now that I've probably warmed you up a little bit, let's focus on the most important reason why people come to Pegu: the drinks. For myself, I started off with a La Fluer de Paradis at the bar counter. Our bartender has somewhat of  a famous reputation for crafting delectable drinks according to your tastes and I was looking forward to trying what he chose for me. I was informed that my cocktail had been created using gin and La Germaine. Sweet like flowers, crisp, and strong without being bitingly so. I normally do not love gin based drinks but I found this to be a very pleasant surprise. Next at the suggestion of my alcoholic partner in crime for the evening, I chose the Earl Grey Martini. At this point we had scored a two person table on the far side that came with two plush chairs. Ah it felt so good to sit back, sip, and take in the scenery while engaging in inappropriate conversation with my compadre. The Earl Grey Martini is probably one of the more interesting drinks I've had in my lifetime. The top third of this drink is basically all foam and a small bit of orange peel. Just dive right in and slurp that head. You imagine it will taste like tea but it instead shocks you with a strong citrus flavor at first sip. The citrus flavor then transitions from sweet to the slight bitterness of Earl Grey and then to something more round and full in essence. I'm not quite sure what was all going on with my taste buds, but I liked it. By the way, I loved our waitress. She had a little Bettie Paige thing going on with her bangs and bold lipstick. Such a doll. She enthusiastically served our drinks the rest of the evening at our table. She basically cheered me on when I decided to step up my game and order two Old Fashioneds. Knock knock, I'm drunk! In hindsight, not the smartest decision I've made but it tasted so good and went down smoothly. I didn't gag at all like I normally do on whiskey! Impressive. The music definitely changed at one point to a beat I wanted to jump up and dance to (amongst other things). I remember being asked at one point why was I scratching the table slowly with my nails. I don't recall giving an answer and I'm sure as hell not going to give you one now. Watch out if you've been sitting down and have had 3-4 drinks as that first walk to the washroom to fix your lipstick can be quite a doozy. I can personally assure you, you are definitely getting your money's worth with your liquor. We decided to call it a night as my funds had run embarrassingly low and my friend was hungry for deliciously greasy noodles. Pegu ain't cheap but I bet you already knew that. While it wasn't really crowded when I entered around 8:30 on Friday night, the room had filled up immensely as we stumbled (and I do mean stumbled) out at 11. Pegu Club stands for the most part unmarked on the street, only betraying its presence with an emblem on its door that changes colors depending on the day. While not technically a speakeasy, there are no big signs or flashing neon lights to catch your eye. Sadly like some of the better things in life, it can be easily missed if you aren't looking for it. For those of us who know what we're looking for, we are lucky. With its incredible drinks, swanky decor and sexy aura, Pegu Club is surely an establishment you don't want to pass by.
Pegu Club has fine cocktails, and they can often seat you in a reasonable period of time.  The vibe isn't terribly cozy, dark, or romantic, like Little Branch's, so it's better for drinks with friends or work colleagues. That said, it's sort of speakeasy-ish because of their strength in mixology and because it's a hard to find place! (Carefully look for a door on Houston next to Dos Caminos...)
Delicious creative cocktail, on par with Flatiron Lounge, Death & Co, & mayahuels. Unlike some places, there is plenty of space, usually isn't an issue getting in and finding a place to sit. The drinks are strong & tasty, supringly so the food is quite excellent. I HIGHLY reccommend the Scallop Sliders, very very tasty.
In a city filled with speak easies and heavy hitters such as Death & Co, Apotheke, Milk and Honey, it's hard to separate the wanna-bes from the true great ones. Pegu Club has no gimmicks, no passwords, no hidden doors. But whatever it has makes my heart sing and my liver quiver with excitement because it is simply THE BEST. An upscale but unpretentious lounge with cool beats, attractive crowd, well balanced drinks and kick ass bartenders.  Now, on to the cocktails! Gin-gin mule -- has the profile of a mojito (minty and refreshing!) but this was made with Tanqueray.  I love the crystallized ginger that came as a garnish. Take a bite of it and sip your drink, gives it another dimension.   Pegu Club --  I had to order the namesake of the British officers club in 19th century Burma. It has gin, orange curaçao, and lime juice. I love the slight pink color this drink projects in a dimly lit bar, it looks very dainty, but it's snappy and very potent. Honeydew daiquiri -- made with Tanqueray and garnished with a ball of honeydew. It's like a candy cocktail but will hit you in one ... two ... three! POW! ;) Pisco punch -- a personal fave of Brooklynite Sarah W.  It's easy to drink, but they don't call it punch for nothing. I had such a great time here especially with the awesome service from bartender Ken-ta (pretty quick for a crowded Friday night) And the gratis tequila shots may or may not have influenced this review.   I'll never tell.  * hic *
pleasant surprise! initially hesitated about this place, as we didn't know what to expect. Some thought it was literally a club, and some thought it was a marked-up bar. Apparently it's a pretty chill lounge with an Asian twist. For those of you good with geography, it's a Burmese twist to be exact. Both their adventurous cocktails ( Poquito Picante) and classic ones (Manhattan) are all well executed. See the photos I posted. Among the group we tried at least 6 cocktails and i'd give 4 stars to all of them! It's more chill than you may expect. Had a blast there Food option is limited. But again, who would really gorge at such a chill lounge!
Headed down there after a stressful Tuesday at work.  Kind of out of the way, but was glad I made it.  The deviled eggs and the veggie tempura snacks were refreshing and tasty.  My dirty vodka martini was made with quality vermouth.  The whiskey flip is not on the menu but is a nice treat.  The ambiance is nice and overall, when it isn't too crowded, it's a cool place to relax.
Desperately seeking? - Chic low key atmosphere - stellar yet unpretentious service - interesting classy cocktails paired with little anecdotes on their origin - tasty well-plated treats to pad your stomach from said strong cocktails Pegu's got you pegged. Boasting the old school chic vibes and masterful mixologists, I wouldn't go to Pegu expecting a crazy party, loud music or scantily clad 18 year olds...this is a real classy spot. Something about the decor and spirit reminded me of a Delacroix or John Frederick Lewis painting...a place where the orientalist artists would hang out if they were hanging out two centuries later. The one drawback, I have to say, was the food. While we only tried one dish, the duck rolls, it literally came out cold and too grisly for my taste. Our server had recommended it with such gusto that our disappointment was that much more salient. The table next to us ordered three dishes that came out stacked up like an old school tea platter and looked absolutely beautiful so if it was Iron Chef, I'd have to give them at least a 4/5 for plating. My final ruling? It's an ideal place to take your parents, impress a date or catch up with visiting friends...satisfying an important niche in NYC nightlife.
Last night was my first time here and came for a drink after dinner.  No trouble being seated as we had our choice of at the bar or on a couch with a table.  Nice atmosphere... pretty relaxed, dim lighting, music that didn't overpower, and just regular conversation noise.  Good place to take a date for a drink.  It's a speakeasy and that's the type of place I generally like, so I liked it here immediately and knew the prices are on the higher end. Here for just one drink and I decided on the Gin Gin Mule.  Pretty good... Compared to what I've had elsewhere, I would have liked a stronger hint of ginger, but nonetheless I was satisfied.  I would come back for the sake of trying some more intriguing concotions on their menu.
I love Pegu Club's chinoiserie interior. More importantly, I dig their drinks and love the low-key scene. Can't wait to be back!
Here's two things I've been doing actively since being unemployed. 1. Ok Cupid. 2. Drinking. Pegu brought these two pastimes together masterfully. And I mean masterfully. Because there's nothing like going on a blind date to a new place for a new face. Sober. I mean...that is VERY daunting, right? And technically, I should be ashamed of admitting that I signed up for the rich man's craiglist of internet dating, have continually been damaging my liver with sharp, sexy cocktails to make conversation AND .  . then walking out drunk and unlucky.  But you know what? I'm proud. YOU HEAR ME? PROUD. I'm also a proud liar. Because surprisingly, I have had a lot of luck with my dates, the chosen date spots, and the drinks. Pegu was recommended by my date- bonus points. Pegu seems small from the outside, but once led up the stairs, is lengthy and large. The bar rests in the middle of the room and is flanked by low backed chairs, circular booths, and heavy drapes. The waitstaff is kind, courteous, service with a smile. The cocktail list has many special, intricate, one-of-a-kind luscious libations- and equally impressive food to absorb the alcohol. Each cocktail I tasted transported me to a different country. The Earl Grey Marteani introduced London swirled in a glass. Cool, crisp, and refreshing with say, a watercress sandwich. The Red Pepper Red Pepper blew my mind. An abnormal ingredient list that sounds unappetizing until sipped. Tequila, lemon juice, red pepper, basil, elderflower. It was incredible. I also sampled another I forget the name of. . .sake, champagne. . .elderflower. Very good, but Red Pepper totally reigned supreme.   The calamari and duck rolls- DELICIOUS. Absolutely delicious. The calamari went hand in hand with a spicy dipping aioli that just kept kicking- the way I like my spicy food. I was going to stick mainly to drinking because I'm usually so disappointed with bar tapas. However, my date talked me into many things that night, and I'm thankful for all suggestions. I drank, I ate, and in doing so felt like I travelled the globe in four hours. And. . . I got a second date. Score!
Great place!!! Food and cocktails were both delicious atmosphere is trendy and sophisticated. Great date place or small group. Highlight for me was the scallop sliders great combo with the cocktails we were having which was some lemon and vodka concoction.
This is an easy place to like. It feels open and spacious but not big and empty. I was very comfortable at the lounge tables surrounded by oh so comfy chairs. I wanted to be very creative with my drinks because the choices are so fun, but I could only make it through one because I arrived pretty close to my drinking finish line. I don't even remember what I had. What I do remember is feeling comfortable, like I was at a nice house party.
We set a menu on fire. Before we could panic, and even before the table next to us noticed, one of the waiters grabbed the flaming laminated paper and doused it with water. And walked away, and brought a new one. With a smile. Now THAT'S what I call service!!!!!!!! After we nearly destroyed Pegu, we commenced drinking. I'm sort of in love with Dark and Stormys (dark rum, ginger beer and lime), but Pegu's version - called the Jamaican Firefly - is far superior, and is served with a delicious slice of candied ginger. If you mash it up into the drink, it's phenomenal. I also tried a drink called the Gin Gin Mule, which is also made with ginger beer, but has sprigs of fresh mint that make it taste like an entirely different drink (which, um, it is). The seating is comfortable and the decor is classy. There are candles and dried flowers on every table (ripe for burning). As others have mentioned, it has a speakeasy feel - replete with "mixologists" - without the snottiness of a place that's trying to be undercover. The drink list is delightful to read, especially because it's fun to imagine what these concoctions might taste like, and you get to ask what certain ingredients are. This is no Jack & Coke joint, people. Be prepared for sweet and sour and bitter and ginger and interesting colors served in interesting glasses. It's good to go early to snag a table, especially if you're a party of 3 or more. I also recommend sharing drinks, since they are all delicious and unique. Oh, and try not to knock over any candles.
I really wanted to love Pegu Club. It has great reviews and is conveniently located near my office. The first time I went it was a quick stop before meeting up with a larger group of people elsewhere. I wanted to try the first drink on the menu (Pegu-something) and the waitress told me (literally) "That drink is REALLY strong. Why don't you have something else?" Ummmm, thanks for the advice but just because I am a skinny girl doesn't mean I can't handle a strong drink! (I ended up having it and really liked it and I have definitely had stronger drinks). So the attitude turned me off the first time. The second time I went was before going to dinner at Lupa with some friends. We were at the bar and then as our group grew decided to move to a table. Not complicated, right? Wrong. The waitress and the hostess were completely confused and could not for the life of them understand what we wanted to do. Then when we finally sat down and ordered another round of drinks, she couldn't get any of our drinks straight (I won't even go into details on paying the bill). Not the brightest staff out there.
I came here for a friend's birthday gathering. The cocktails were good. The scallop sliders (ahem only 2??) were delicious too. The decor... VERY lacking. The wait staff was okay - though they seemed very confused/didn't communicate well with each other. Mandatory "complimentary" coat check was obnoxious.
I never in my life dreamed that my new favorite drink would consist of egg whites and earl grey tea. .....But I have come to firmly conclude that anything really is possible and I am a believer in this club they call PEGU. Holy Mother of All Drinks. I hereby bow down to the creators of this stunningly perfect cocktail called the Earl Grey MarTEAni. I promise to forsake all others, even my go-to gin and tonic, when having a less-than-stellar day. I vow to spread the word and let everyone I know how annoyingly delicious this sweet foamy beverage is and the overwhelming feelings of joy and ectasy that ensue after indulging. Side effects like tingly sensations, giggles and innapropriate blurtings like, "POUR ME ANOTHER!!" have been reported. Not recommended for those who are driving, operating machinery or trying to text coherently on their cell phones. Better judgment may deteriorate upon ordering. I shall be back, dear Pegu. Again. and Again. and Again. and Again. and Again. and Again. and Again. and Again. ...... perhaps against my better judgment. ....but nonetheless...................
I love London.  And because Pegu Club reminds me of a cocktail bar in London, I love it too!!!  This establishment is a cocktail lounge named after a British officers club that existed in Burma in the early 1900's.  Naturally, the design is what one would imagine a British officers club in the far east would look like. I visited on a Sunday afternoon, most probably as they were just opening up, after some shopping in SOHO with my boyfriend.  We were practically their only customers, so I can't really comment on the crowd. What I can comment on are the cocktails and believe it or not, the food.  Both are beautifully crafted and well-balanced.  DO try the fried calamari, it was perfectly crispy and was served with a Thai sweet-and-spicy dipping sauce.  Also DO try the Ode To Ankarah cocktail; made with gin, elderflower liquor, grapefruit juice and topped with a pretty single elderflower.  If I were asked to describe this cocktail using only three words, they would be BALANCE, SOPHISTICATION and HARMONY.
I came here last night for drinks with a friend.  The atmosphere is what really makes this place.  Are the drinks pricey?  Yep.  But again, you get what you pay for.  I didn't like the food too much and the bartender was slow at times.  I will still make sure to come back again.
Conversation:      C = Chunster                H = Me (The week before we meet) C - Let's meet for a drink. H - Okie, Where do  you have in mind? C - Where do you work? H - Soho / Chinatown C - OH, I have a spot that we can meet.  What time do you get out? H - 6: 30 PM C - THAT LATE?  I'll just grab a drink and wait for you there. H - OK, I'll try to be there by 7:00 PM. (The Night we are meeting up) 6:30 PM (Massive text from CHUNSTER) C  - Are you OUT yet? I'm getting drunk here! H - Walking now!, it's not even 7 PM yet! C - HURRY UP!, Oh The door is hidden, so call me if you can't find it. H - Alright!, don't rush me, I will be there by 7! Arrived ontime thanks to Chunster texting directions to get to the place.  No signs except by the door with the PEGU CLUB Door entrance.   Very impressed with the decor and furniture. Sat by the bar and had a drink that was introduced (Convinced) by Chun.  I had one of those Special mixologist cocktail called Earl Grey Marteani (Since i'm a fan of big fruity alcohol).  Most coctails by mixologist usually cost between $ 12.00 - $ 15.00 which is better than a cranberry vodka drink.  I think it was worth it. Really enjoyed it and of course my face started Blushing within Minutes. Another great spot to come after work, low key with great drinks and great yelpers!.
It took me a few tries to find this place, but once I arrived it was well worth it.  The place has the speakeasy allure all the way.  It feels very 007ish and the sophistication just begins when you arrive. The ambiance and detail place in exactly the right mood, with the crowd complimenting it all. The menu of cocktails is amazing.  I had as much fun ordering it, as I had drinking.  The custom furniture adds a great touch as well. But best of all was that cocktail waitresses actually provide service. Amazing, you actually get service from waitresses... all places should speak to whoever trained these beautiful ladies :-)
gin, Gin, GIN! (I seriously hate the wodka) Classic cocktails they say. Cocktails that are so stuck in my memory, they SO hit the spot, I'm almost afraid to go back. This place could make me an alcoholic, if it weren't so expensive to make a regular habit. Still, I think I feel a habit coming on. The Pegu Club cocktail just struck me. Maybe it was the new moon in Virgo. Hit me the same way I got just addicted to raw oysters a few years ago. The NEED for raw oysters just came over me like a wave. MUST HAVE raw oysters! How is a cocktail like an oyster? I have no idea. Damn, I need another cocktail. My mouth has a memory of this thing that subconsciously makes me lick my lips just thinking about it. Oh yeah, sampled that Gin-Gin thing too. And another Ginger one. Wow. Want those too. Want to try Agave, so I don't get fat. Want to try them all. Wish they'd take the vodka off the menu. Then all those vodka posers would leave. More space, less noise, no scene. Yeah, that too.
More like the P-EHHHHHHHHHHHHH-gu club. I took my mom here after a really nice meal at Kittichai.  Naturally I wanted to get her schnockered up so I could tell her about all of the hedonistic and whorey activities my life is centered around without her freaking out. Arriving early enough on a Saturday, we were seated at a cute low table with comfy deep arm chairs.  The place itself is designed with the "Pegu Club" story/fantasy in mine, though it weirded me out a bit that the walls are bare in the front part of the bar.  The low tables are cute though with the small tin lighting at the table and the deep arms chairs extremely cozy and perfect for sitting back with a cocktail. The cocktail menu is interesting , not terribly expensive and very gin and whiskey-centric.  There isn't much there for Vodka lovers, so sorry to all of you midwestern women in search of a really interesting (insert various fruit)-tini.  I ordered the Pepper-Pepper which was really interesting and different.  My brilliant red colored cocktail wasn't spicy but did have the distinct strong red pepper flavor i was expecting.  My mom's apple cobbler cocktail was sweet and floral yet quite strong.  In general our drinks were quite tasty. While I love that they play jazz music, it is almost impossible to hear over the rambunctious, poorly-dressed and generally unattractive crowd.  Yeah, I said it.  The patrons there on a Saturday were just really not that cute and I saw more pairs of ill-fitted men's khakis in a 100 square-foot radius than I have in the mens' section at J.C. Penney.  Of course this is shallow of me, but it's a bar and people do factor that in when looking at bar reviews.  Plus I AM a shallow bitch.  And my outfit was really cute.  Anyways... The service at Pegu Club blew goat balls.  Our server was one of  the most disingenuous people I have ever met.  She may as well have rolled her eyes when she asked how we were doing that night.  Bitch don't play me...I am sorry you hate your job so much but clearly you aren't getting cast in any off-off-broadway shows with an ass that big and an attitude like that.  So suck it up and attempt to be gracious!  Both my mom and I were brought out the wrong drinks.  It took like ten minutes for us to hail down the girl who then brushed us off at first calling to get the problem rectified.  Seriously???  I hope I'm not expected to tip generously for this.
The cocktails here are well made and the bartenders and servers are quite knowledgeable, but with the influx of good cocktail bars available throughout Manhattan (and even in Brooklyn) these days, Pegu isn't anything special. The music is too loud for an intimate setting, yet the loung-y set up is too cozy for a rowdy night out with a big group. Also, on the night a group of friends and I went, we had reserved a table and had three members of our group already seated and the rest of the group was still made to wait in line at the door.
It's as good as people say. Beautiful interior and drinks. Expertly made. I had a few gin gin mules and the crystallized ginger and fresh mint were the right accents to an already great cocktail.  I love it when places are NOT over-hyped. This lives up !
Do you have any of the following criteria when it comes to a bar? -The bartenders or "mixologists" have OCD and take more than ten minutes to make your drink, and that they use little bottles of whoknowswhat and crazy cool tinctures? -That it serve an amazing drink called 'Penicillin'? -That it not be on the ground floor? -That there is seating? That you can hear your companions talk? -All of the above? This is a hot-spot drink nerd's wet dream come true. The colonial officer's club theme was a tad overdone, in my opinion, but since it's named after a cocktail invented for white imperialists, I see that they are being thorough. Walk directly up the stairs and you'll be transported to this sumptuous 19th century era gentleman's club, and the loudest noise you'll hear is the sweet serenade of shakers and ice. I had been told that Pegu makes some of the best cocktails in Manhattan and I wasn't disappointed. Anyplace with a cocktail called Penicillin sounded like my kind of bar, and it was truly delicious, and as we weren't in any hurry I appreciated the attention to detail and time devoted to my non-pharmaceutical cure. A mixture of ginger, lemon, honey, and scotch proved to be one of the best drinks I've ever had, and if I had any ailments I'm sure that they vanished. To round out my other criteria, I have to say that this place was lower on the douche scale than I anticipated, even at 2am on a Saturday night...or Sunday morn. It was a little less intimate than I like, but scoring a small little table alongside the dark paneled wall was a way to get up close and personal with my drink away from the bar buzz. Definitely put this on your Manhattan cocktail trail route. And if you forget your antibiotics, you're more than covered.
The interior is just like being in Orwell's Burmese Days-- It 's modeled after a Burmese British Colonial club.  They are serious about the drinks: high quality mixes.(I had the Pisco Punch, which was good, but I'll get something different the next time I go.) I liked the asian colonial decorum and the music that they played the night I was there was great. Good lounge music, that wasn't overpowering, but definitely upbeat. It's a good place to start out a Sat. night with a drink or two. The crowd  that we encountered was friendly and polite. All in all a classy and upscale lounge that isn't snooty and is a lot of fun.
I met a date here last week pre-dinner, and its one of the best lounge experiences out there.   I think I ordered the penicillin...no comment, lol.  Not my style.  They have other great options which I can try another time. Also keep in mind that the mixologists are the connoisseurs, not the waitstaff, lol. I don't know how crowded it gets, but we got there early enough to grab seats and have a great time....
The first time I came to this place I had a chill night with my Yelp homie Young (Chun) L. He ordered shots of Hendricks for us and an Earl Grey MarTeani for me. The drink he ordered for himself was something terrible but it had whiskey in it so I drank it--- waste not want not. The MarTeani was really good and very well made, I was really happy with the robust bergamot flavor, very complex--- peppery, cirtusy, just the right amount of bitter. The foam on top was very pleasant and fun to drink. On that particular visit the service was thoughtful and friendly. So, imagine my surprise when I took another friend here (one that I wanted to impress) and the whole place took a 360. For starters, nobody was there--- not always the fault of a place but it was a Thursday night. The server literary plopped our water onto the table, almost sloshing into my lap. The drinks were uneven, mine was too sweet, her's was too acidic. Finally, as aforementioned, there was no one at the bar and yet the server rushed us out and gave us our check as soon as we took our final sip.
This place definitely takes its drinks seriously. You can tell by how smartly dressed and serious the bartenders (or should I say, "mixologists") are. There were three of them last Saturday, and ordering drinks at the bar took nearly half an hour, from walking up to the crowd of people trying to get orders in and having an icy glass in your hand. I don't begrudge them the slowness, though, because you can see how painstaking and professional the mixologists are. They're very good, at least if you like gin. I had a Jamaican Firefly (dark rum, homemade ginger beer, fresh lime juice) and an Earl Grey MarTEAni (Earl Grey-infused gin, and, um... some other stuff). The latter in particular was delicious; there was a layer of sweetness on top that made licking your lips after each sip a particularly delightful experience. Most of the drinks were garnished with plentiful mint leaves as well as a couple of delectable ginger gummies. The lounge was at capacity on Saturday night, but not rowdy at all. Most people came with their own large groups (if you plan on doing this, DEFINITELY reserve a table in advance). The lounge is on the second floor, so you check your coats in downstairs (you're required to do so, given how limited space can get once you go up) and if the lounge is at capacity, you have to wait in line out on the sidewalk. The wait isn't too bad, though (just dress warmly if it's wintertime). Overall, if you like expertly mixed gin cocktails and a classy evening, Pegu Club is a good choice.
The place is douchey and expensive, but for a good reason: I have never had better cocktails in my life. At most places, I am 100% certain I could make better cocktails myself, but not Pegu. They put love into each one of those things.
Let's start with a question: Is it permissible to eat a flower garnish in a cocktail?  In this case, the blossom in question was of the lovely lavender / yellow variety (see posted pic), and this girl did it, because it was too pretty to resist!  Alas, now my husband asks if I'm hungry when we pass plants in any setting :-)  Ah well! Ok, onto the review.  To sum it up, we had high standards for Pegu.  They were met.   Cocktail buff Audrey Saunders is behind the place, and she deserves praise, if only for her Earl Grey MarTEAni (here's the recipe: nymag.com/nightlife/arti…).  Tea + Gin = Ingenious combo of my fave beverages!  But this isn't her only creative concoction.  The entire menu features an array of classics with a modern twist -- their signature Pegu Club is definitely up to snuff.  I also sampled one (can't remember the name) that came with the aforementioned floral garnish and my liqueur du jour, St. Germain, among other fresh ingredients.  Now these drinks are definitely fancy, but you don't have to go all gaga for homemade bitters like me to appreciate them -- they're simply delicious.   If you're in need of a date place to impress, or a nice spot to catch up with a few close pals, Pegu Club might have the perfect recipe: 1 Lovely and intriguing Web site (worth noting because I was frothing at the mouth after my first read, and they don't even list their drinks)! 1 Chilled out atmosphere*** 2 Dashes of cozy, cushiony seats 4-5 Sexy, skilled servers / mixologists (At least) 1 Unique cocktail per person (it's fun to swap and try everyone's) Shake with ice, strain, sip and enjoy ;-) ***Not sure if this place SOWE (Sucks on Weekend Evenings), but based on the other reviews, you're probably better off on a weeknight.
Whiskey smash = divine. I do like a fancy fu fu bar and the ambiance is a welcome respite from the madness outside. I have been before and enjoyed the small bites, but tonight the duck sliders from another table made everyone feel as though they were smelling cat food. You will see locals here. You will also see tourist cougars here. I also think they need to rethink the waitresses outfits. The kimono style robes are not flattering, the print, ruffle at the bottom and width of the sleeves do the ladies no favors. That said, I still recommend Pegu for some ingenious drinks.
Drinks are amazing, my favorite drink would be the punch. But asked the bartender to make you a random drink, ever drink they serve is Delicious.
Pegu is my favorite coctail spot for winter time. I like watching the bartender making  effort and skill to each cocktail. I like the champagne cocktail.
Pegu Club is my new favorite Manhattan bar.   A few months back, I had some friends in town and they recommended we go to Pegu Club.  I'm so glad they did. I think that between our party of six that first night, we tried every drink on the menu.  The Early Gray MarTEAni is heaven in a glass.  My husband adores the Whiskey Smash. I can't say that I didn't like any of them, which says a lot considering I am not a whiskey or scotch fan. I've been back probably 5 times since then and I'm still just as in love as the first time. One thing to keep in mind - I've heard its better to go on weeknights or early on the weekends, which happens to be the only times I've gone and its been fantastic. The drinks are a little pricey, but for the caliber of service and quality, its totally worth it.
An awesome place to get a drink.  Usually not my scene, but the drinks speak for themselves.  Very pricey, but you do get what you pay for: carefully made drinks mixed perfectly.
The space here is more "grown up" than other cocktail spots around town. It has a much larger space and fancier feel to it than the typical intimate cocktail den feel. More of a stiletto wearing crowd, if you will. It's good for a date but also works well for a group because of the fact that there are more space options. The cocktails are on the "grown up" side as well and incredibly delicious. They also come with rather "grown up" price tags. My suggestion would be to start a big night out here for a drink or 2 then move on to a less pricier option as your night wears on into the wee hours and trouble begins to ensue.
While in NY I was craving some Burmese food, so naturally I yelped and found this gem. Although it doesn't serve any types of Burmese dishes, they have some great cocktails. It's supposedly influenced after a captain's drinking quarters in colonial Burma (hence the association). Its a nice intimate lounge Love Love Love their Pisco Punch! extremely dangerous though.. the pineapple infusion excels at masking the taste of brandy. Tastes just like candy (seriously) I've been on the search for a similar drink elsewhere but no luck. Damn you Pegu Club for making such an excellent drink that I find myself only dreaming of you across the country.
Fantastic cocktail bar, probably even better than Flatiron Lounge, Death & Co., etc.  Nice, good-looking crowd of professionals, I had the bartender make a Pisco Sour, and it was peeerrrfeeeect!
A good friend of mine holds this place in very high esteem - I think he goes as far as to say it's his favorite bar in New York.  And it's certainly not undeserved.  Pegu takes the speak-easy genre and adds a touch of chinoise.  Drinks are classy and classic - nothing too off the beaten path, and everything done quite well.  I tried the Earl Grey MarTEAni and the Gin-Gin Ginger Mojito.  Both go down easy but pack a punch. I really wanted to give it five stars, but I just can't for a few reasons.  One, while our waitress was adorable and charming it took just a little too long to get both our drinks - and it was not crowded...that is until we left, and I saw an indication of things to come.  I can imagine this place is a nightmare when it's crowded and the bartenders are even more stressed, but it's perfect for a weeknight nightcap, or a place to start off early, as we did.  A solid bet for a good cocktail.
I have a vague recollection of hearing about this drinking establishment some time ago, believe I had mentally put it on my list of places to check out, and then somehow forgot about it. Fortunately I was briefly reintroduced one evening. There's an unassuming door on Houston with their logo stenciled across. Were it not for the doorman outside, I would have likely passed it by (and eventually turned around of course). Complementary coat check and up the stairs we go. I quite like the fact that when you enter, you are not immediately greeted by the bar but rather a coat check and some stairs. Seems to set the mood better. Entering the main bar area you are greeted by a hostess and notice a number of loungey tables and chairs as well as a lengthy bar towards the back. Decided to post up at the bar and having just eaten, flipped past the food list and went for the apéritifs. Two in particular caught my eye: the Whiskey Smash and a Scotch based drink I don't recall the name of. At the bartender's recommendation, I went for the Whiskey Smash. My friend turned to the champagne cocktails and opted for the Old Cuban (basically a champagne mojito). My drink was quite tasty, as was the Old Cuban. Alas my friend preferred the taste of mine so I happily obliged them and switched cocktails. And this is where the story ends as already having a fairly full tank of alcohol, I decided not to push my luck and departed from Pegu Club. Overall it's a cool spot and has a good vibe for a weekday night. It wasn't overly crowded when I had arrived, around 10PM, which was nice. It did start to pick up when I left and I could see this being a hopping place later in the evening.
Great NY bar that's trendy and that has great drinks, without being too overly crowded. Just a word of advice, always say yes when someone offers to go to the bar to get a drink, because even if your drink is full, it will take them so long that your drink will be empty when they return. I'm trying to remember the name of the drink I got which was delicious .. carcrash or something? I don't remember .. had too many of them.
Lots of times I want to scream in frustration when I visit a high end cocktail bar in NYC.  Every decent one has been publicized to death via every medium out there whether it be a magazine, the internet, or television.  Sometimes I clench my teeth and bear the raunchy tourist & yuppie crowd, the unbearable heat, the long waits, and the claustrophobia inducing environments just so I can have a good drink. Then comes Pegu, a place that serves fantastic cocktails infused with high quality ingredients in a laid-back, upscale atmosphere with clients who are the polar opposite of the those found in the hipster scene. You don't have to make reservations, you don't have to wait 2.5 hrs on a weekend, you won't feel like you are being jam packed like a herd of animals in a barn.  I'm not rushed with a time limit for my table and I don't feel like I'm being pushed constantly by the server to drink more.  Add to the fact that the cocktails are 4.25+ star quality and you got yourself a winner. I love Pegu.  So far in Manhattan, this is the only upscale cocktail bar selling fantastic drinks where I can escape the busy city life and drink in peace. I had two drinks: 1) Pegu Club - a classic drink of this joint which contains a well-balanced mix of gin, orange curaçao, and lime juice. It has a slight pinkish hue.  It's appropriately and not overly sweet....but deadly. 2) Guava-based drink (can't remember what it was called).  It was ordered on the premise that it would be a fruity and sweet drink, but contrary to expectations, it was a bit on the dry side and had a strong tobacco smell permeating from the drink.  I loved it, but not my female companions.  Be cognizant of this fact when ordering this drink. I honestly felt it was an interesting combination as a fruity based strong tobacco smelling cocktail drink is not commonly served. Recently, the Pegu Club was rated the #2 best cocktail bar in NYC by Eater NY.  Hopefully, the increasing publicity of Pegu does not transform the atmosphere to that of its peers like Death & Co, PDT, and Angel's Share.  It would certainly be a shame to lose the one quality of Pegu that makes it so attractive. 4.25* for drinks + 4.75* for atmosphere = 4.5* average
masterpiece cocktails. Great service. Sometimes a little busy, but like anything that is good, it will attract attention.
Great spot to bring a date. Has the feel of a British officers lounge in India or Burma. Cocktails are a bit expensive, but well worth the price for a great craft drink.
Very swelte. Came here for a friend birthday. I probably couldn't spend the entire night here, I eventually need some rowdiness but could start off a night here or come for a quick drink or date.
Pegu a lounge, a very wonderful lounge with amazing drinks. But that part about it being a secretive speakeasy? Seriously people? This place wasn't difficult to find. So it doesn't have a ginormous sign advertising it's presence, there aren't multiple decoy doors trying to trick you. The insignia on the door isn't even subtly muted. Anyway... I am a little surprised by how loud it got with just a bunch of people talking. I don't even recall music playing in the background. Ok, the crowd was probably at varying levels of intoxication but still, not all drunks are loud drunks. What I'm trying to say is that it's a little difficult to hold a conversation in Pegu, but it gets increasingly easier as the night wears on, especially since it seemed to empty out pretty early (2AMish). I have to say, service was great, from the chill bouncer to the host to the bartenders to the ... waitresses? I'm not sure what they are. My friends and I didn't wait longer than 10 minutes on a Saturday night before the kind host let us know we'd snagged a table, and the waitress walked up to us a few minutes later with menus. Drinks were delicious, well-made, and looked great. I don't know if there's much more to say since honestly I'd rather drink one than write about it. A lot of the cocktails on their menu are gin-based though so if you hate gin... the bartenders could probably make you something you like but the menu isn't for you. Prices I felt were fair and reasonable considering the quality of the alcohol and the execution. Gah. I'd like one of their seasonal drinks right now. That one with the watermelon that I don't remember the name of because that was my third drink or something ... This would be my neighborhood bar if I lived in the area. Even with the prices, it's so worth it. Besides, I don't drink coffee, I'd rather spend it on booze.
Great drinks and service. Cozy. Worth the prices.
I'll give Pegu Club props for getting in on the ground floor of the whole cocktail snob scene that is rapidly spreading in New York.  They helped make it cool to sniff your cocktail before you drink it while dripping some bitter you've never heard of into your cocktail, all the while looking really cool doing it. The bartenders at Pegu do a heck of a job with the specialty cocktails designed by the Goddess of libation herself, Audrey Saunders.  I can't think of a single hole to poke in the actual execution and design of the drinks here. However, the bar can get crowded, and has gotten distinctively more touristy over time.  God help us, I heard someone order a "rum and coke" the last time I was there.  The bartenders, I hear, have been jumping ship for greener pastures at Death & Co and Weather-Up. The final killing blow to Pegu's reputation, was getting a glowing write-up in US Airways magazine a few months ago, assuring that tourists across the globe will show up to get a taste of big city cocktails.  Ironic isn't it? Despite its sell-out status, this place will remain a sentimental favorite of mine.  A good alternative when you're unable to get a seat at Milk and Honey or PDT.
After a lovely dinner at Il Matto in Tribeca, we cabbed it up to Pegu Club for a drink.  The mister was intrigued by the Jamaican Firefly that he read about in a review.  Scouring the menu and craving a mojito, I came across the "Old Cuban" which was supposedly their take on a mojito.  At $18 I was a little skeptical to order it but hey were celebrating "el dia del amor" so why not.  The firefly was a little too spicy for my boyfriends taste and that darn Cuban was too limey it was burning my stomach with every sip- and I am a limeaholic.   Aside from that I would try this place again and definitely reserve a small table to give their other cocktails a shot.  The decor was cool, they had complimentary coat check, and I like the low key vibe. Maybe standing in my 6 inch heels while drinking my drank had something to do with the bad taste in my mouth.
Good atmosphere, very original drinks. I've had psycho punch, earlgrey marteany, and duckwalk flip. Cocktails aren't cheap but definitely worth it.
Awesome spot! Great place for a post-dinner date drinks! Staff was super nice, only had to wait a few minutes for the table. Wasn't insanely crowded for a saturday night. I enjoyed it, wish I had visited sooner, although I have heard about it several times. Great drinks, they can also make customized drinks. Easy to mingle and relax! SoHo price for drinks, but they are made fairly well so it's worth it! Def will return! Their scallop sliders sound amazing!
My favorite bar in the whole world! As their motto goes, "Turning vodka drinkers into gin drinkers" they certainly did it to me! Bartenders are experts of their trade and great personality. Waitresses are adorable and super nice. Favorite drink is the Earl Grey MarTEAni, but the Clover Club is a close runner up. I used to get 3-5 drinks every time i'd go. Coincidentally they've also made my favorite Calamari, which they serve with chop sticks and I think is the best way to eat it.
Good place, but the drinks takes forever to come - in general about 25 minutes per drink.  My friend ordered a "Perfect Rob Roy", and the waitress couldn't figure that out and by the time they figured it out, it took them close to 45 minutes to bring that drink.
Imagine the sexy atmosphere and great cocktails of a speakeasy. Then imagine that you had access to them without doing 11 jumping jacks, climbing a rope ladder, then watching two ducks have intercourse while screaming a secret password in Farsi. Such is the promise of Pegu Club. I came here for New Year's Eve. Despite the swanky vibe, it was only a $25 cover. The drinks were incredible. I had two Little Italy Manhattans, the second of which was strong enough to eat through sheet metal. The Earl Grey Martini was one of the smoothest drinks I've ever had. And the Old Fashioned(s) were perhaps the most perfectly mixed I've had in the city. The food was hit or miss. The duck sliders were very good, but the coconut shrimp made me sad. Either way, the plates were hilariously too small to justify the $16 price. We enjoyed ourselves immensely, which was helped in no small part by the live jazz quartet playing all night. This is definitely a place worth spending time a lot of time at - just make sure you eat four pounds of food at Nom Wah first.
Been here once and I already have a favorite bartender. His earl grey marteani's are delish. The place is nice, good for small groups. The music was barely heard but the overall ambience was fantastic. I'm an architecture major so I was really impressed with the bar (the built, although the alcohol selection was impressive as well). One thing I really appreciated is that they use bottled seltzer and coke. The only mishap of the night was when one of the other bartenders poured water into my vodka tonic. LOL.
i had the opportunity to visit pegu about a week after it's opening and i was able to chat it up with audrey saunders. what a pleasure! i've visited several times since and i still can't choose a favorite drink. overall i'm a huge fan of their take on cocktails, using  big chunks of ice and supplying each table with a collection of tiny tincture bottles (each filled with lime juice, bitters, and simple syrup) so you can dress up your drink to your liking. the front door is kinda hidden, so be on the lookout!
Best way to enjoy Pegu: 1) Dress stylishly. Everyone else there will be equally as stylish and good looking. 2) Get there late. Plan to arrive between 11 p.m.-midnight, just before the crowd begins to dissipate. This way, you get to experience the crowd but eventually, you can take a seat at the bar once the crowd begins to clear. When it's crowded, it's impossible to get up to the bar to order a drink. 3) Start out at at a table. While it's still crowded, ask the hostess for a table. To up your chances at getting seated, it helps to be polite to the hostess and to arrive in a small party; two people are more likely to get a table than four. Relax. People watch. Have a drink, preferably one off their menu, not your usual go-to. My favorite is the 50/50: 50% gin, 50% vermouth, 100% delicious. 4) End at the bar. When the bar clears out a bit and there's a seat available, move to the bar. Don't forget to tip your table waitress first! 5) Pair up. To reiterate, it's really best enjoyed with just one other person. So, if you have an s.o., go with him/her. It will be easier to get a table and, later, to get seats together at the bar. Plus, it's a sexy place, nothing kills a sexy vibe like being with people you don't find sexy. 6) Observe. Enjoy watching the the talented mixologists work their magic. Ask them questions and when they ask you what you want to drink, see what they recommend or what they think their specialty is but don't be annoying or boisterous, it's not that kind of place. 7) Know your limit. They'll kick you out if you get too wasted. I've seen it happen. 8) Geek out. Check your "too SoHo to be impressed" attitude at the door. I doubt you could mix drinks this well at home. Sure, it's not your usual rowdy bar joint where you can let loose but it's a unique experience and it has a really sexy, speakeasy vibe that's hard to find elsewhere. In short, they do an impeccable job at Pegu Club of mixing perfect drinks and transporting you to the '20s. If you let yourself enjoy it; it's really a cool place. If you're cynical, there's plenty to snark at. If you want the well-mixed drinks without all the showmanship and snobbery, go to Little Branch. I'm not a huge fan of Little Branch but it's the laid-back hipster co-ed version of Pegu (Pegu without the Pegu feel). So, if that's your thing, you might prefer to spend your time and money there. I, however, will be at Pegu.
For all the below reasons our fellow Yelpers have wrote down, I must say, Pegu has me pegged, too! I really really liked their custom one-of-a-kind drinks.
Warm, comfortable atmosphere. Good, unobtrusive music. Great place to hang out with friends or for intimate/romantic dates. The cocktails and the non-alcoholic drinks are worth the price. Service is courteous.
Mmmm, Pegu Club is so damned sexy. But not too sexy that it makes you feel weird. Or uncomfortable. Wait, let me start over... Mme. Saunders has done this place up right, with cleverly concocted cocktails and an ambiance that transports you out of the city for a while. Dark and moody, the place is set with the vibe of former British colony meets speakeasy, with an emphasis on a luxe atmosphere. I still love that all the waitress wear matching dresses (that change seasonally, and are usually by local designers, like Yumi Kim). You really can't go wrong with this cocktail menu, but I'll share a (now) off-the-menu fav of mine, once called the Elderflower spritzer (white wine, pisco, spritzer, St. Germaine, muddled grapes) and often called the nectar of the gods.
Oh mixologist. Get over yourselves!! You're a bartender! I've been to similar bars back home in L.A. and this one is worse that those. How dare they call those tiny ass drinks cocktails, not only are they small and over priced ($13 a drink) they take forever to make. Even on the slow night we were there.(The bar had 20 people in it max) It took 15 minutes for my girlfriends cocktail and my Chimay to get to us. If you are into having your scotch, whiskey, and bourbons polluted with berries, be over priced and take forever. This place is for you. I won't even begin to speak on the bougie holier than thou staff.
The drinks here are always well-shaken and the food bites not too shabby. It does get a little packed on weekend nights but finding a couch or a seat at the bar is usually not too hard otherwise. Its a great date spot, though not the cheapest.
I'm not sure if I can offer any new insight on the Pegu Club, but I couldn't pass the opportunity to be the 500th review for this gem of a cocktail bar, especially when offering the full five stars. So rather than try and muster any new commentary, let me reiterate the best bits of what others have said, with interjections of my own favorites from my visit to Pegu Club. My first observation is that this place is both legit and unpretentious. Sure, there are dozens of great cocktail lounges in NYC, but I didn't want to fuss with passwords or secret knocks or lists. I'd rather err on the side of a classic establishment than a trendy one, and that's just what the Pegu offers. Even the entrance is minimal and unfussy. The interior is cool and sophisticated without feeling unwelcoming. I'd read here to come early if I had any hopes of being seated. I heeded that advice, and there was plenty of space upon our arrival shortly after the bar opened. I spotted both casual and slightly dressier patrons at the bar, chatting it up with the bartender and looking right at home. As with all craft cocktails, there are no $5 drink specials, but I don't mind ponying up for the good stuff, and good it was. I started with the Tantris Sidecar (a sidecar made extra special with green chartreuse). It was velvety, smooth, and went down much too easily. My handsome beau also loved her Whiskey Smash (whiskey, muddled lemons and mint, and simple syrup). My second and third cocktails were seasonal specials. The Copperhead (bonded applejack, rye whiskey, and yellow chartreuese) was piquant and refreshing, but the Poquito Picante was my favorite of them all. The herbaceous and spicy combination of cilantro, cucumber, jalapeno with gin and Cointreau was just perfect. I'm dying to try to recreate this one at home soon. As the menu notes, the small plates they offer help you to continue imbibing by offering just enough sustenance without weighing you down. In that spirit, the chicken satay was a great choice. The grilled curry-rubbed skewers weren't dry at all, and the cucumber yogurt sauce was a nice and flavorful change from the standard peanut sauce. I'm back home now, but my experience at Pegu was such a wonderful and memorable one that I'm ready to go back already!
Drinks are yummy.  I paid $18 for a cocktail with a flower in it....  But it was picture worthy. And scallop burger is heaven $12 I order two servings! Waitress was pretty good about coming around and remembering all the orders.  We were with a huge group of about 20 people and she remembered who ordered what!   Only problem is their drain was backed up water was coming up in the kitchen and the bathroom.
The highlight of Pegu Club is its unique, mixologist-formulated cocktails.  And although I always make it a point to try something different, I tend to revert to the Earl Grey MarTEAni.  This is one of their lighter drinks, infused with Earl Grey Tea and topped with a frothy egg white foam.  You'll get a hint of this herbal aroma even before the glass touches your lips.
I'll give credit where credit is due..... Pegu Club was one of the first mixologist bars that popped up but that is about it.  It's upscale but in a very boring way. We stopped by after the Mercer Kitchen with a group of cocktail connoisseurs and none of us were impressed.  We were already planning our next bar before we even finished our drinks. The Zelda and Pesco Punch are probably your best bet!
Excellent drinks and atmosphere. Stunning service. Check out the Roughneck. As I've visited more craft bars I have to say Pegu's menu is decidedly safe. No real surprises here. If you want a classic cocktail, or a slight variation from one, this place will treat you well. If you want more experimentation, try Angel's Share or Death & Co.
Swanky spot with imaginative and diverse drink menu; something to please everyone. A bunch of creative small plates on the menu as well to nibble on. There is somewhat of a dress code: no boots or hoodies for sure after 7ish. The entrance can be easily missed. If you pass an ice cream shop, you missed it. When it get's busy, it can be a little tight, mainly in the front. Swing to the back for a spot a bit more intimate (if needed). Rolling with an entourage? Try to call ahead and book their big booth in the front. Might be a minimum or bottle service to secure, not sure. Overall a chill spot. I've been here a few times and it's never disappointed.
Timeless perfect cocktail bar. If i were Nick Charles I would live here. classic old styling from the moment you climb the stairs, soft leather, and deep wood tones predominate. It was early when i was there, it was for pre-dinner cocktails,  so the place was quiet and mostly empty. i had one of the namesake pegu club cocktails, and one called a zelda (maybe i should have said gatsby or fitzgerald instead of nick charles above ..) both were very tasty, strong and still smooth and easy drinking. One friend was drinking a sidecar variation that was a really sophisticated and well balanced drink. My other buddy had a gin-gin mule, and a french pearl. the former as a refreshing drink, perfect for summer, the later was a liquid essay in smooth simplicity. What i'm saying is that they mix a good cocktail.   we only ordered one thing off the food menu, a tako taco, a spicy octopus "taco" in a lightly fried shell of some sort. now they saw there were 3 of us, it would have been nice to say, "only 2 come on that plate" i would have happily paid the extra 50% to get a 3rd... but that's more a pet peeve than a problem. honestly i think i like the cocktails a little better at death & co, little branch, and maybe even tailor and PDT, but not nearly enough to dock them a star. If we had half stars i would probably consider 4 1/2, and then give them 5 stars anyway, because the atmosphere is just so old school ideal.   This place is exactly what the mind imagines when thinking about a new york city cocktail bar. The platonic ideal of imbibing. enjoy.
I am not knowledgable about the speakeasy thing so I have nothing to compare this bar to. I came here on Saturday night with a pretty big group. We had the circular booth right near the entrance. The earl grey martini was delicious and better than I had expected - there was really strong tea flavor and I could see myself ordering this again to the exclusion of trying something new. The overall experience, however, was somewhat lacking. There wasn't much room to move about the bar, and it felt crowded even though there did not seem to be very many people there. The ladies room had only two stalls, and the trash basket was overflowing with paper towels. That wasn't what I expected from a spot that is a little more upscale. I would give it another shot.
My favorite mixology bar on the planet.  The atmosphere is dark and sexy without any attitude of patrons or bartenders or servers. I adore every drink I've had there including the Earl Grey MarTEAni, the Gold Standard, Old Cuban, Clover Club, to name just a few. Definitely go. More than once.
So, my alcoholism continues to grow, and as it does so it's unfortunately leaning in the direction of fine cocktails. Here's a word to the wise: Should you ever engage in a conversation with your liver, how it SHOULD go is a little something like this.. Liver: I want to get fed. You: Okay, how about a beer? Liver: No. I want something better. Something special. You: How about a shot AND a beer for $5 at (insert name of bar in Brooklyn here)? Liver: No. I want something good. Something delicious. Something with Earl Grey infused vodka, egg whites and lemon juice. You: What?! F*ck you, liver. You're getting what I give you, and you're gonna be happy with it! Now pipe down and metabolise the garbage I'm gonna throw your way like a good organ, or I'm gonna beat you like I beat my.. Well, you know what I mean. At this point you should punch yourself in the gut to remind that liver who's boss, then go down a 40oz of Steel Reserve. My problem is that I tend to give in at the martini part because I'm a pussy. Then I go here. And spend more than I should, as the drinks are $13 apiece, while champagne cocktails will run you $17. Strangely, I still leave happy, as does my liver,  though my wallet cries for a day or two afterwards.* Should you order food you also need to be aware that although they are tapas style plates, the portion sizes really are small. Imagine the amount you would feed a toddler, then half that. We got the Avocado Puree ($7) to split and wound up with about 3 tablespoons worth of, admittedly, highly tasty guacamole. I'm greedy with my guacamole however, and while I wasn't expecting a giant bowl of it, I had hoped I wouldn't have to be the greedy man that I am and steal food from the girl. Oh well, she can stand to lose a few pounds, anyhow.** *I love personification. **If you're reading this, I'm just kidding. The gym membership I got you was just an early April Fool's Day joke. I swear.
I went to the Pegu Club with high expectations, and they were all exceeded.  I've become a cocktail historian of sorts, and I was anxious to be able to order off the cocktail menu and not need to explain the drink to the barman.  I knew I was in the right place when I asked for a Sazerac and a bottle of Absinthe was pulled off the shelf.  I've been a few times now, and all the cocktails I've had were made to perfection.  I recommend the Ramos Gin Fizz if you want to watch the barman build a drink.  Get the Brooklyn Cocktail and ask for a flamed orange if you want the show.  Aside from the cocktails, the small plates of deviled eggs, sloppy duck, and scallop bugers are worth the trip.   The atmosphere promotes conversation.  The music is at the right volume.  The space is long and a bit narrow but doesn't feel tight.  The barmen are friendly and it is easy to strike up a conversation with anyone around you.  One tip - the restroom doors slide open rather than swing. Five Stars.
Came here with a few friends to start off my 21st birthday celebration. Whiskeys were great, a few awesome cocktails as well. Overall great atmosphere and stellar drink menu.
3.5 stars Perhaps alcohol-fueled reviews are just not a good thing.  But you know what, I'm gonna do it anyway, damnit! I've been here a several times and have experienced both table service and bar service.  And bar service is INFINITELY BETTER than sitting at a table, especially compared to the slllloooowwwww as molasses server I had tonite.  Table service is generally pretty relaxed, but oh my god, when you have to flag down the server with a freaking glow stick just to order a drink, this is not good.  Our server tonite was HORRIBLE because she just did not really attend to our party at all.  It took forever and a day for a drink to land on the table! Despite the slow table service, I would keep coming back.  Why?  No, not because I'm a masochist, because of the bartenders of course!  Sit at the bar and you'll receive quick, friendly, wonderful service.  Overall the drinks are good, although some cocktails lean to the sweet side.  The Sidecars definitely aren't as tasty as those served up at Little Branch (this is the regular sidecar, not their special sidecar version).  I've sampled several of the Pegu concoctions and do have to say that the Old Cuban is one of my favorites.  It's a champagne mojito, and the addition of the sparkling wine gives the cocktail a light, fizzy effervescence and more depth than a regular ol' mojito (though at $16 each, it ain't exactly easy on the wallet).     Pegu is a very beautiful, candlelit space.  And the bar has hooks underneath for the huge bag I lug to work (I love bars with hooks, what can I say?)  I agree with many yelpers that the weekday crowds are friendly and unpretentious. I'd definitely recommend everyone to swing by the Pegu Club for a drink or three, but just sit at the bar.  If you must sit at a table, just be aware that Pegu has the slowest server on earth and pray that you aren't seated in her area.
Everyone's pretty much covered this club's high points - perfectly concocted drinks, great atmosphere and service, romantic place to take a date - so I don't have much to add.  I just felt I had to Yelp because any place that transports me the way Pegu does, making me feel like I'm in some Asian-inspired gentleman's club, gets a good grade in my book.  Also, anyplace that serves me one cocktail that's enough to get me buzzed is worth yelping about. I had the Pegu Club Cocktail - their signature drink with gin, lime juice and bitters.  Delicious and strong, just the way I like it.  I love the added touch of the potions on the table so you can customize your own drink, although I added a little sugar syrup and couldn't taste the difference. The furniture was comfy, the music was great, and our service was impeccable.  This place loses one star for the location (if you grab a window seat, you're forced to overlook the construction on Houston), and it was pretty empty with no after-work crowd or daters to speak of.  It would have added to the ambience to see more nicely dressed Fitzgerald types lounging around.
only my favorite cocktail lounge ever. tune up. oh wow. that was dayum good. only the most incredible cocktail i've ever tasted. i've decided that this drink was what i've looked for all my life, and have given up searching for better...
After being turned away by Little Branch due to the flooded bathrooms that night, we wandered around the area for about 30 minutes until we finally found Pegu Club.  Hallelujah. Pegu Club was nice- very long and narrow.  I was being a bit of a pussy that night- I didn't order any of the drinks off of their menu so I cant comment on the specialty cocktails.  But, I will say that the decor is nice, our waitress was very knowledgeable, and my alcohol-savvy boyfriend enjoyed all of his specialty drinks.  Very cool atmosphere...I can tell it probably never gets packed.  Very low-key cool.
Love the cocktails here! Yes. The cocktails are like $12+ but they're sooo worth it. They're good and lethal.  Three will get you feeling very tipsy! It's a laid back place with a nice mellow vibe. The mixologist are brilliant.  Just watching them make your drink is very interesting.  If you don't see something you want on the menu, they'll make something for you depending on your preference. Note:  they have a large selection of gin here.  There's not Vodka.  So..if you like vodka (i'm a fan of vodka too).....you're outta luck.  It's still worth trying Pegu.
Had their version of a pisco sour, it was excellent. Make sure you try the smoked salmon deviled eggs
I was in the neighborhood.. want to check out some nice place.. found this place on yelp.. I like the environment and drinks are very good.  it's a nice place to chill with friends and bring dates.. music is not loud that you don't hear each other talking and crowed is decent too. perfect place for a first date in my opinion =)
Pegu Club is totally swank and I love it. The view is great, the drinks are amazing and the mixologists are passionate about their craft. Get your stilettos on, ladies. Head down to Pegu.
Came here on a Monday night to scope out the place for a possible Birthday party. Although incredibly yummy, drinks were a bit too expensive ($13 - $18), so I decided against hosting a party here. The atmosphere was very relaxed and inviting. They played music from the 20's and 30s (I was there on a Monday) and the ambiance was very elegant. I highly recommend Pegu Club to anyone looking to sip on a good cocktail or two. Try the Jamaican Fire-Fly or the Gin-Gin. If you're looking to get drunk; however, Pegu is not the place to do it unless you're looking to spend around $200-$300.
Forty miles up the Rangoon River ... one might find themselves at the Pegu Club.  Once a Colonial Officers' club near the Gulf of the Talaings ... This funny little club was always filled with lots of people either on their way up or on their way down ... Reminiscent of the days gone by, this Pegu Club brings back the true art of cocktail culture ... Okay, now that you're utterly impressed with my knowledge of the history behind Pegu Club, calm yourself - I read the website.  :)   It's a swanky spot to saunter up the stairs to (we trudged half-soaked from the random August storm), try and grab a soft & cushy seat along the bar and order yourself a stiff gin cocktail.  The drinks are all amazingly creative and each one of them unique with obscure flavors and ingredients - when mixed together make an amazing treat.  Take it from this vodka-lover, I have never been a gin fan (sorry Vijay) but I can honestly say that Pegu just might have converted me.  Our waitress was fabulous and friendly - our drinks potent and yummy. Stop in.  Order up.  Get saucy.
All I wanted was a smooth, Earl Gray Martini, which did not mention the addition of any simple syrup.  The first iteration was overly sweet and cloying.  When I ordered a second from a different bartender, requesting that it be less sweet, the result was again anything but.  The third was less sweet, but overly tart from the amount of lemon juice, which the bartender did not adjust to balance the flavors.  When I asked him what he thought of it, he told me it was overly tart and unbalanced.  And yet he served it to me.  This is not respectable for a bar that vaunts itself as a mixology lounge.  No true mixologist would ever serve anything he didn't enjoy himself.   This place can be fun if you are just going for the ambiance or to have fun with friends.  Otherwise?  I wouldn't go near it again.
Perfect place to enjoy some drinks and chat. We tried a variety of drinks and they were all really good. The Earl Grey Martini was a standout for me as a tea lover. Decor is classy and inspired by colonial south east asia. would come back
Very classy and phenomenal mixologists. It's a hidden gem and it's a fantastic pick. Deviated from the menu after our fist round and was happy I did. Jazzy music and din lighting, great ambiance. I will be revisiting sooner rather than later.
Food: Only had a dessert there once. Fried bananas with ice cream and fudge. Not an exquisite, small, boutique style dessert, which came as a surprised (this place tries to be sophisticated). Instead, it was a large portion of deep fried goodness next to a huge scoop of sugar-packed ice cream and a guap of fudge. (This alone knocked it up to 3 stars.) Drink: Fairly priced cocktails. Actually some pretty decent tasting concoctions here albeit a little weak on the alcohol. The cocktail choices are a bit gin-biased so it may not be suitable for non-gin drinkers. Garnishes and fruits used for drinks are fresh, not juices. Lifts the quality of the drink. Dom P is also fairly priced here, so pop some bottles if you want. Service: Average Crowd/Ambiance: I kinda want to hate on this place for trying to bring that uptown feel to downtown, but I'll cut it some slack since its in SOHO, which isn't exactly quintessential downtown. Coat check downstairs, spacious sofas, and dimly lit, which is their way of saying I'm swanky. Fellas, bring your high maintenance chicks here. Bring the cool ones elsewhere.
My favorite bar to go to after work if I'm around SoHo. Good, great drinks, and a casual yet classy atmosphere.  There's usually a wait for table service but standing at the bar is just fine.  The drinks are very unique with interesting ingredients. My only criticism is that there are not enough bartenders to serve everyone as some of the menu drinks that quite a long time to prepare and there usually only 2 or 3 bartenders serving the whole place.
I was supposed to buy a bathing suit for my trip to Miami, but instead was dragged here by Chun to while away the time before he went to meet Rachel (who, surprisingly, was in my hood that evenin' - sprayside). Because of said bathing suit purchase (and subsequent wearing) I was on some whack diet where I wasn't eating any carbs or fruit or dairy in major quantities. Kind of defeats the purpose of a cocktail if there's no simple syrup involved, but what do you know - the guy behind the bar had something to help me out with. Agave syrup. Agave is used by diabetics and waif-models in their cocktails so that there is the sweet without the calories. So this lovely man who apprised me of this sugar-substitute subsequently created a tasty cocktail for me that had all the flavor and not as much sugar. So I am a fan of agave syrup and kudo's to Chun for bringing me here.
You enter to a staircase leading you to Pegu Club. On the second floor you see a very large modern open space.  The servers are dressed in Asian clothing, I liked it. I had the Jamaican Firefly and it was delicious! I can't remember exactly what was in the drink other then rum but it was delicious! I was there on a Tuesday night so it wasn't too busy but i'm sure it gets really busy.
There are better options for a speakeasy in NYC. Bartender took forever even though they weren't crazy busy. I understand that it takes a while to make some of these drinks, but it was ridiculous.  For me, I'd head to Death & Co.
I didn't like Gin, until I came here! Cozy quiet upscale lounge where you can easily drop a whole paycheck tasting the great cocktails they have inspired here. A must try! "Tobin's Best"- Gin and Ginger infused cocktail
Came to Pegu on a Sat night with my guy friends... The place looked hip and i digged! The waitress was friendly and had no problem taking care of our orders, since some of us were allergic to some of the ingredients in the food, but she got it down! NICE! Anywho...i couldnt remember the drinks my guy friends had...but one thing i knew were that they were either strong, or had a weird taste to it...lol...i like my drink the best....Pisco Punch was just about right...and the food that we ordered were good as well; duck burger and the scallop burgers were yummy...the something tartar was ok...i felt that it had a bit much olive oil in it!
By far the best cocktails I have ever had hands down!! It is so fun to watch the bartenders carefully craft your cocktail right in front of you. They really put a lot if effort into each one. The presentation is superb and the concoctions they come up with are so unique. Nice atmosphere and very professional friendly service!
I had high hopes for Pegu Club, but I was really not feeling it. We arrived at about 10:30 or 11:00 on a Thursday and it was less than half full. There were definitely more couples here than anything else. Even though we sat at the bar and tried to chat up the bartender, he was still extremely unfriendly and inattentive, to the point that we had to finally ask a bus boy for our bill, even thought there were hardly any customers. I would chalk it up to getting stuck with one bartender, but the other guy working back there was rude as well. Come to think of it, the guy at the front door and the coat check girl weren't all that nice either, so I'd say this place has a serious attitude problem all around. The drinks were nothing special either. Nothing on their cocktail list really wowed me or struck me as all that unique or inventive and my friend's dirty martini was subpar. It's too bad because the dim lighting and sultry decor could have made for a nice vibe if the service wasn't so snooty and there was a better crowd. Perhaps it's better on the weekends, but I'll never know because I won't be back.
What a cool, almost hidden spot. You better know where you are going or you will miss it. I'm glad we decided to try it. It's dark, hip and trendy inside and the drinks were unique and delicious. I had the sidecar which was the perfect mix of sweet and sour. My husband had a gin drink with candied ginger. That ginger packed a punch. The drink was great. We would have loved to stay all night but we had reservations elsewhere.
I've always had success getting a table for a drink or two and the drinks are always fantastic.  Excellent option when you need to add a little class to a LES evening.
Bad location.  Auestere pretension. Drinks are okay, I just am  not understanding why all these reviewers can give it five stars. Prices are ridiculous for WEST Houston.   Drinks were actually pretty well put together, classical drinks with a twist, the martini was very strong.  I went in the beginning of 06 with two friends, one from az and one local.  It took us forever to get a seat, completely crowded so we ate at the bar. No big.  Good bartenders, the hostess/waitress? was so incredibly rude and pretentious but that was a long time ago and I would imagine she's been fired by now.   Anyway, tiny tiny portions, three appies, three ladies, we left starviing, tired and ugly from horrible houston st.
Let's start off with, I wasn't into mixed drinks before. Now I'm a sucker for the Whiskey Smash!!!! I could drink those all day. I have been here a few times with friends, and watched them get all these "girly" drinks. I would have a Scotch and laugh. A couple days ago we stopped in to grab a drink, I said what the heck I'll try something different....... Oh boy I'm a fan.
I've been to Pegu Club countless times for different occasions and it certainly deserves a good review for my overall experience.  The drinks are great.  Ladies are pretty.  The bartender is a machine.  Cool and trendy place to stop by after work or to catch up with friends.
Fabulous cocktails made by real mixologists.  Ever cocktail I had was excellent and came with an attractive presentation-think flowers on the glass.  Sweet and citrusy is definitely this places game, you can't taste the booze and they are genuinely delicious.  At $14 a pop they're standard for the area although they do come in small glasses.  The food is what you would expect.  Good, not great, very light and generally not worth the purchase.  Theyre worth ordering to munch on but only if you have the $$$ or are on a date.  You really need to eat before you come here *(see why below). The place has standard "fancy cocktail lounge" ambiance going on.  The crowd is mixed, some bankers, some couples on dates,  some small groups of 20 and 30 somethings and a table of 20's something with their parents.  One or two people wore casual wear but the vast majority of people had on either a collared shirt, sweater, or cute dress. So why not give at least 4 stars?  Because things devolved quickly after 11pm.  More and more 20 something groups came in but because the place is long and narrow it got crowded.  Seating was a serious issue.  Why is this a problem?  Remember those powerful, yummy drinks* that people can't taste the alcohol?  Yeah, the ENTIRE bar got hammered.  All the people who couldn't get a table were standing around awkwardly....so they drank.  You wound up with a giant mass of people who can't hold their liquor, bumping into each other and generally being really loud.  And this isn't the kind of place to meet new people or pick someone up so there is no upside the horde of drunks.  That being said, everyone is well behaved and it didn't ruin our night, it's just a bizarre observation. But then things got gross.  Someone puked in the womens bathroom.  There was piss on the floor of the mens.  The servers got overwhelmed and rarely came by our table.  They refused to do separate checks.  After waiting over an hour and a half to get a table there wasn't adequate seating.  We had to jam into a corner table like sardines. This is fine for a dance club or a neighborhood haunt but less than stellar for an allegedly classy highend cocktail lounge. And the strange kimono outfits they force the waitresses to wear are not attractive.  Not only are they demeaning, but they look cheap.  I like me some scantily clad servers, but these get-ups are more along the lines of hooters girls (without the cleavage).  Tacky and def not sexy. I would still recommend this place but get the hell out of dodge by 11 on the weekend.
I came here with my two speakeasy buddies (my boyfriend and close girlfriend who reviewed down below already) on a Wednesday evening.  Perhaps one of the great things about this place is that you don't have to worry about little space or having to wait.  They also have complimentary coat/umbrella check.  Came at 6:30 and there were only a few groups there.  It's a spacious place that plays awesome jazz music.  Overall, it has a more grown up classy ambiance to it compared to other speakeasy joints in the city, so we were on the younger side.   I kind of wish they had a bigger cocktail menu, but there was enough selection to choose from.  I started with the Earl Grey MarTEAni which was awesome as other Yelp reviewers have mentioned.  Perfectly well balance IMO.  My second drink was the Bay Leaf Martini, which was honestly not really my style, so I'm not quite sure why I picked it.  It had bay-leaf infused gin, sherry, and vermouth.  Incredibly strong and dry, though I must say, for what it was, it was actually quite good - just not my personal style in terms of cocktails.   I'd love to come back here again, and I'm sure I will.  Especially if I'm craving a well-made high quality cocktail and don't feel like worry about a wait at Death&Co, Angel Share, or Raines Law Room (my 3 staple speakeasies).  Great place to catch up with a couple of friends or to go out on a date to!
Pegu used to be a perfect 10, one of my staples in NY.  Sort of hidden away on Houston St, its a lovely cross between a bar and a lounge with sort of asian decor and an amazing drink menu.   Sadly, upon my last visit last night, I discovered that they really messed up their once awesome menu, which used to be an inspired list of small plates like Sashimi tuna dice and Diver Scallop Mini-burgers -  tasty selections that really complemented the more avant-garde drinks (which should technically be the focus here, right?).   Well to our dismay, we discovered that the chef scrapped the old menu and went off on some kind of edgy food crusade.  Now, slightly weird food is manageable- but this was weird BAD food.  The Escargot tacos tasted dirty and slightly like gasoline, almost as thought the escargot were farmed near Port Authority.  The Crab Rangoon seemed to be some kind of canned crab meat in mayonnaise with taco chips, and my friend kept swearing the Chicken Meatballs were not even real chicken.   The worst of the new menu were the once-amazing Diver Scallop Mini Burgers, which have been replaced by Shrimp Mini Burgers.  The "shrimp" tasted like a ground up shrimp dumpling, with some maple syrup and arugula thrown on top.   Very sad, but they totally MANGLED the new menu. Overall, I'll continue to head to Pegu for the drinks and the atmosphere, but I can safely say that until the menu changes again, I won' t be sampling that sketchy food ever again.
Dull- (adj) boring: so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness For a mixologist bar it's a shame that is the only word that comes to mind when I think of Pegu. After visiting somewhere like Angel Share or a certain other favorite apothecary it's nearly impossible to say I like this place. I would have killed to have the Ocarina of Time after drinking the Zelda to transport us to the next bar.
An unpretentious lounge hidden in the SoHo area, Pegu Club Can be found right next to Dos Caminos. Dhiren and I almost passed the entrance, but good thing we saw the light up sign and had our phone GPS out while locating the venue. It is kind of easy to pass by it if you aren't specifically looking for Pegu Club. I've heard nothing but great things about Pegu Club... and our experience almost fulfilled everything I've heard about this place. Judging by the consistent flow of customers on a random Wednesday night, you can tell that the Pegu Club name proceeds itself. The drinks are without a doubt, unique and also very tasty. There is also a special seasonal menu- I had something that was warm and with apples and cinnamon, perfect for this semi chilly weather. The food is tapas styled so do not come here if you are expecting to pig out. Dhiren and I ordered specialty sliders... the sloppy duck sliders and the scallop sliders which we devoured almost immediately. We also had a dish of the fried squid, which is essentially fried calamari. What keeps Pegu Club from obtaining a 5 star Yelp review is the service. The albiet friendly service does not compensate for how hard it was to place an order / how long we had to wait to get what we ordered, or how long we had to wait to order anything additional. By the time we got some of our food, it was at best, luke warm. The service aside, Dhiren and I enjoyed our mix of cocktails and room temperature food. We will most likely come back another night with a group of our friends and hopefully the service will be a little more attentive.
Very nice little spot for fancy cocktails.  Upscale crowd, but not too obnoxious.  The drinks are amazing, but of course you pay for what you get.  Friendly, laid back bartenders.  It was a little crowded even late on a weeknight, and there was a good half hour when we were standing in kind of an awkward spot, but eventually we got seats at the bar and were able to relax.
Pegu Club has attained legendary status as alma mater of some of NYC's (and, by definition, the world's) great bartenders and proprietors of finer drinking. When it opened it was way ahead of the curve. Does it still measure up now that there are possibly a hundred or more serious cocktail bars in town? I think it does. First, be cognisant of the fact that it feels a slightly more formal than, say, Painkiller or even Little Branch. I'm not sure I'd necessarily walk in sporting gym clothes. But that's not to say coming here is tantamount to going to church (if any church served the Earl Grey Martini, however, I would become a fanatical adherent).  It's really that good, the Earl Grey. I was expecting a slight, delicate dose. But this is a bergamot slap across the face. Very possibly the best drink on the planet that ends with "-TINI".
Classy environment, romantic lighting, nice (and expensive) drinks. I ordered the Honeydew Daiquiri when I was there, which contains brandy, honeydew nectar, lemon juice, etc. Very tasty and strong. Another friend ordered the second drink on the menu (couldn't remember what), also pretty good! Will go back next time I'm in the hood.
One of those places that's so close to being awesome that I'm always disappointed when it falls a little short. The drinks are well-mixed (though you won't be wowed by a generous pour).  The bar's back-story (related to the epnoymous British officer's club in Rangoon) is worn fairly lightly, and Pegu would do well to turn up the vaguely colonial, far eastern feel.  The half-hearted decor seems to squander the cool motif. Also, the table and chair set-ups are not ideal.  The chairs have very high arms which makes it difficult to really lounge and get relaxed.   But even if you could lean back, you'd end up so far away from the person on the other side of the table that even the light music would make it difficult to hear. This place is close to being great.  It's only been around for a couple of years, and it's got the quality to stay in the game long enough to improve.  If they can find a way to make the seating a little more intimate, it could be one of the best date places in the area. In the meantime, I'll keep coming back every so often.  I'm hoping someday I'll show up to find wood-paneled walls, brass spittoons in the corner, and hulking green bamboo plants obscuring age-stained maps hanging on the wall.  This place should look like the Planter's Club in Vienna.
Pegu Bar is one of my favorite lounges in New York. Stylish but not pretentious, friendly service, and yes, the drinks. The bartenders really know what they're doing and lucky you if you personally know one of them who pours you a shot or two for free. If you're on the unfortunate side of life like I am you'll easily end up paying $50 for two cocktails but hey, who cares if the crowd is great and you're just having a good time. Bring some $$$ and get lost in cocktail heaven.
The atmosphere is a bit too trendy for me and our server was very steely, but their Fleur de Paradis cocktail is one of the best cocktails I've ever had (for $18 it should be) but nonetheless it was fantastic.
This place has amazing drinks. They are all high quality and not over priced. My favorite is 'Fleur de Paradise", it is champagne  based but the Earl Grey martini made with egg whites is also delicious. I love the way they serve vodka martinis, in a tiny pitcher over ice. The presentation is great! I recomend it during the week, it gets too crowded on the weekends
BEST drinks in town. As you check your coat, you walk upstairs to drink nirvana . They take mixology to a different echelon here.  I couldn't remember any of the names since they are so shi-shi but I have never been disappointed here. Pegu is very serious about their drinks and it shows. Albeit a lot of their signature cocktails ($12) consist of gin and/or bitters, their drink menu is bulletproof, TRUST ME. I usually order the cocktail with lots of ginger in it...Jamaican Firefly. I also like the Tantric Sidecar here. It doesn't hurt that their food is good too. I had the tuna tartar ($14) comes with rice crackers which are amazing alone), fried calamari ($11) - very light, crispy and good.  Pegu is in the same echelon as PDT and Little Branch. Decor: dim, upscale I took my foodie meetup here: singles.meetup.com/1917/…
Fantastic cocktails and drinks, yummy small dishes, fun/hip atmosphere. Why only 4 stars? The servers here are really slow -- takes forever to get a drink you've ordered. And they're not at all attentive -- our waitress would only come near our table when she was seating people in our surrounding tables. At one point, I literally yelled out, "Excuse me!!"  and still needed the help of my friends to get her attention. Another reason for the non-5 star review: the server brought over a completely wrong drink order for someone at our table (mind you, we'd ordered the entire food menu w/ the exception of one dish for 4). When we told her he'd ordered something else, without a word, she took the drink she'd accidentally brought and left -- no, "Sorry," "Let me bring you the right drink..." or "Here, take *this* drink while I get you the one you ordered." For such a high-end place, it was amateur move on the server's part to not leave the wrong drink at our table and make my BF wait 15 minutes for the drink he'd originally ordered.
Nice place for an after work drink - good mixologist and snacks are good. The help is friendly and attentive.
This place is such a breath of fresh air! For a place so classy, they SO could be like most other successful Manhattan nightlife spots ("And you are talking to me BECAUSE?") but really, they aren't. And it's great. Wonderful drinks (check out the earl gray tea-ni, egg white included), down-to-earth hostess and waitresses, intimate setting and everything. I came with a large group of about 8 others with no reservations, yet they still gladly accommodated us with a table right by the entrance. And as more friends trickled in, they were very helpful in trying to find additional seating for us. Background music was reminiscent of Paris' Hotel Costes (Stephane Pompougnac) and a little bit of deeper house a la Miguel Migs style as the night got younger. Good stuff. We stuck around for about 3 hours (many of us were satisfied with just 1 or 2 cocktails which were done by the first hour), yet never was there a point where we felt pressured to leave our table (in spite of the mounting crowd at the bar). Perfect place to get a night out started. I'll definitely be back soon!
Go here...that's pretty much it. Service was great, the drinks were better than the service..quite possibly the best mixed cocktails I've had. The crowd that was here on the night that my group of buddies and I found this joint, was particularily inviting and trendy. After karate-chopping through a champagne flute of a pretty decent looking cool chick, my buddy went in 4 girls vs 1 guy and came out a winner. Definitely a must. Plus..the couches are comfortable. The must-haves here are the "earl gray" and the "pegu club cocktail" You can get ruined here pretty fast, so don't hold back.
Loved the drinks here. Gin-Pear-Rosemary & Jamaican Firefly were tasty (but expensive at $14 each).
Definitely a classy joint. Check out the sizes of the drinks, though - they greatly range in size. The ginger drink is definitely the largest. Elegant decor and classy waitresses. Call ahead and leave your name for a little more expedient seating - though nothing officially called "reservations." It can get a little packed - and they're fine squishing two people on the bench side even though there isn't much room - so be prepared to get a little comfortable with your neighbors on busy nights.
If you're looking for the perfect place for a first date, meet with friends for a drink, or in want of a professionally-made cocktail, Pegu Club is THE place! The mixologists at Pegu Club take much pride and seriousness to their profession, for the cocktails that are produced and presented at Pegu Club are some of the best in all of Manhattan. Although one may think that a nice cocktail lounge such as Pegu Club may ooze pretentiousness, in reality, the staff is very intimate, attentive, and friendly, especially the front doorman; the guy is a riot and equally as polite. The atmosphere at Pegu is effortlessly hip and attracts a mid 20's to early 30's crowd. Although the drink price may be considered expensive for some, those who go to Pegu Club don't go there to get hammered, but rather to enjoy a soul-enriching cocktail, accompanied by a group of friends or a date. The $40-80 tab you pick up for yourself is certainly worth it! I really don't have anything bad to say, except for one complaint about some of the staff. If you've been sitting at a table with your date, been there for almost 2 hours, and haven't had a drink for some time and are merely conversating, the hostess or waitress do tend to give you the subtle "pressure" glance and smile when they pass by, as if they're visually saying "hey, I'm sorry to be a cock block, but we have some other couples that would like to get their alcohol-induced aphrodisiac moment as well. Could you at least order something?", which I understand, but still, c'mon! Other than that one minor complaint, it's still not enough for me to downgrade Pegu Club a star, for it certainly deserved it's 5 star rating! Enjoy! Drinks I recommend: Pegu Cocktail Pisco Sour The Earl Grey MarTEAni The Sidecar
Great decor and Interesting drinks with some inventive appetizers.  This is a great place to stop on your way to dinner or afterwards or after a movie at the Angelica.  It has the atmosphere of a British club in Singapore which is how they describe it and it does.  Enjoyable albiet not cheap.
Most of the time, I am a Bohemian Hipster wannabe that likes to go to down-to-earth places but I do like to frequent classy places as well. I would describe Pegu Club Lounge as the more lively and luxurious version of TriBeCa's B Flat lounge minus the Jazz. As soon as you enter the door, there is complimentary coat check, and when you head upstairs to the scene, "Sex and the City" will automatically come up to mind. The overall atmosphere is lively with sexy/classy decors, attentive host, and pleasant serving staff (I believe was our server's name was Melanie and she frequently came back to make sure we were doing ok) and our water was re-filled as needed. Had a few cocktails here: Earl Grey Marteani, Champagne Apricato, and the Pegu Club Cocktail 1.EARL GREY MARTEANI -Earl Grey-Infused Gin, Lemon Juice, Raw Egg White. If you like Earl Grey tea, you'll love this drink!! 2. CHAMPAGNE APRICATO -French 75 Gin, Apricot, Lemon Juice, and Champagne. This drink was STRONG!! But the garnish and the drink was sweet and delicious 3. PEGU CLUB COCKTAIL -Circa 1900s, The Pegu, Crisp, snappy, fairly potent, London Dry Gin, Lemon Bitters, Citrus Bourbon, Orange Curacao, Fresh Lime Juice. (sorry the description might be slightly off on this one). Even though it's their signature drink, it was just OK, not really my kind of drink This bar along with TriBeCa's B Flat will be my new favorite "classy" bars in NYC!! Great for a date, great for a night out drinking with friends, and for women who want to do the "Sex and the City" thing lol
Unique and creative cocktails abound at this club that is a throwback to what a British officer's club might have looked like in the Far East during their colonial days. I really liked their Sake cocktail (named the Far East), but I'd also recommend their Red Pepper Pepper cocktail, which is tequila based, infused with red peppers and topped with a hot chile pepper.  It definitely adds a bold kick. The drinks are on the small side.  I used to think $12 for a cocktail was a lot, until I visited London this year.  Try 12 pounds a drink over there (or $24 back when our dollar was 2:1 against the pound). So my motto for this recession - don't drink $24 dollar cocktails in London.  Support your local establishment and drink local!  (But I'm still for free trade, haha).
A friend made us reservations there after dinner and it was great. Super chill and very intimate. I would totally reccomend for a date night. The staff was super friendly too which is a nice change at a place like that. The drinks were strong but not overpowering. One of my friends didn't like hers though and the server replaced it with a different one right away...no fuss no muss!
One of the primary reasons I was interested in coming here was to compare what the cocktail couture places in NYC are doing compared to the movement here in DC. Overall, Pegu Club was a lot of fun.  The drinks are really good, with the Whiskey Smash and the Red Pepper drink being notable standouts.  They were playing good music the whole night and for once in my life I can honestly say this place had more girls in here than guys. Shocking, I know. That being said, you DC Yelpers can rest assured that we're doing it right here in our hometown.  In my opinion, PX puts out a better drink than Pegu Club (and so did Hummingbird to Mars while it was open).  You don't need to make a special trip here for the drinks, but youll still want to go for the atmosphere and total package.
Currently loving this place because: - it's been easy to get a table for 2 several times, even on a weekend night, just by showing up; - the drinks are creative but balanced enough to have more than once.   - the food is surprisingly delicious (diver sea scallop sliders that melt in your mouth!) - one of the bartenders, whose shtick is to mix ingredients with small, swift, and precise movements, might as well have wandered out of an episode of Twin Peaks.  Completely captivating. - it's close to Lupa, Bar Carrera, and The Room. Essentially, this is a less stylized, (much) lower maintenance Death and Co.  Well worth the trip.
Pegu seemed like a nice place with a variety of drinks and it was a moderately fun time, but there are places I would prefer. Not only are mixed drinks and cocktails expensive but the music was so loud that I couldn't talk to anyone except for the people siting directly next me.  It is probably better for small groups of people.
Yes, you're a lil pricey. And yes, if you want constant attention and amusement, the best seats are at the bar. But your bartenders/servers are gracious, entertaining, and really really accommodating when correcting order mistakes; we received a free appetizer when our original one was disgusting (BOOOOOO to the 'crab rangoons') and our replacement, though amazingly tasty, wasn't what we ordered. And as long as you continue to make your classics, like the Earl Grey Martini and the Pegu Club, while mixing up your menu with new favorites like those insanely tasty duck burgers and the Red Pepper, Red Pepper...I will love you forever and always.
I had never had a proper cocktail so my friend Eli took me here. I can't remember the name of my whiskey drink but it tasted like delicious mint lemonade. I normally hate whiskey but I loved my cocktail. A+
This is always a great place to take a friend or date for good martini's.  Yes, the drinks are pricey but they do the trick.  After 3, I was pretty lit up.  When coming here, keep an open mind about the drinks.  They are different from the typical bar and much tastier.  I recommend letting the bar tender know what you like, i.e. sweet, bitter, strong, etc...,  and let him take care of the rest.  I usually find that when allowing a chef/mixologist make what s/he wants, you will usually be pleasently surprised and satisfied. As for the food...ehh.  I would't come here to eat unless you are looking for a liquid dinner.  Stick to the drinks and enjoy the ambience which is nice when not too crowded.  Atleast you know its good when its consistently packed.
Walking up the stairs to this place I feel like I should be in a British officer's uniform circa 1800, topped off with a straw pith helmet for good measure. The dark wood and "oriental" window treatment is given context upon entering the main room by the paradise palm trees and suddenly you're displaced out of time and place... Or at least that's the effect they were going for.  This then is colonial Britain done up with typical Manhattan flair and filled with the usual suspects of the SoHo variety. That said, the noise levels are low enough to be able to have a pleasant conversation, the lighting, bright enough to see across the table, yet just dim enough to hide any imperfections (or maybe that's just the perilously strong drinks talking...) The drink menu, while changing regularly is a mix of the old (think gin, bitters, tinctures, egg whites, etc.) with the new and they nail every detail, including large ice cubes (so they melt slower). Realizing that every person has their personal tastes, the drinks also come with a rack of additives in brown glass bottles with droppers so you can customize your drink to your hearts content. While a tad strong for my taste, you certainly get your money's worth in alcohol with these cocktails, and the flavors are often quite exotic (and not in the tropical fruit juice and food coloring kind of way). While I can never have more than 2 drinks on a visit (see last sentence), I've had the pleasure of trying the Gin-Gin Mule which is a Mojito-like gin based drink with ginger beer, mint and lime, and the Earl Grey Martini which is a pisco sour doped up with Earl Grey infused Tanqueray. The Tantris Sidecar, a mildly sweet and sensual drink hopped on Calvados and Chartreuse is one of my favorites. But then again it's hard to pick favorites when every time I go, I try something new and equally exciting. The mixologists are what really make this place pop. Not only can they mix some of the best drinks in town, they're also friendly. On one occasion, I was sitting at the bar discussing the merits of various gins with a friend (they have at least a dozen), our guy came over with 6 shot glasses, each half full with the clear juniper infused liquid and a different number of straws anonymously marking each glass. The challenge was to taste each one, pick our favorites, then taste them all again to see if they change. I'd stated I liked Sapphire, and disliked Tanqueray and sure enough, Saphire was amongst the two I chose as my favorites and Tanqueray was among my least favorite, but my friend, who also claimed to dislike Tanqueray chose it as his #1. The point isn't about who was right and who was wrong, but rather the fact that we got 6 half shots of premium gin for free without so much as a word. This was service in the true sense of the word and has kept me going back ever since.
At the end of the day, Pegu Club is a great place if you're looking to impress people and want somewhere "flashier" to drink. However, if you, like me, really enjoy delicious cocktails and want something more than the cliche NYC lounge, Pegu Club is absolutely not the place to go. I would recommend Little Branch, which isn't too far away, instead. The Asian-inspired decor is cheesy and in my opinion, very early 2000 when the whole Asian fusion piece was super trendy. The waitstaff is not attentive and doesn't know the menu very well. To me, that's a HUGE problem. With an exhaustive menu, it's the staff's role to guide guests to drinks that suit their tastes the best. The best speakeasies know how important this is! Pegu Club doesn't value it. The drinks are good, but apart from a few "signatures," they're the standard fare. Nothing spectacular, just the ordinary.
Great drinks and good food, and consistantly so.  Weekends are a pain, and the doorman is intense, but a worthy venture.  I think the oysters are really nicely prepared and I found the tacos really yummy with a really good fried taco shell.  The bartenders are well trained and can make a drink to please anyones palate.
One of New York's temples of the mixed drink.  Come here, chill, and enjoy a heck of a good libation (clearly, don't order a captain and diet but try something "real" - bartenders are really helpful and will walk you through finding the perfect drink for your taste). Place itself is beautiful with a great vibe perhaps even better now that the big crowds have thinned.
YAAAAAAAAY!  After months of hearing about this place and having it loiter around in the back of my mind, I finally went.  Up the weird unassuming door, up the weird generic stairs, into...not Soho.  Or least not modern day Soho.  Dim sexy lighting with a faux Asian / colonial British-y decor thing going on, the waitstaff was gracious and attentive with a general hands-off policy and acres of space between tables.   You know you're becoming a grownup when seating is key at concerts and you'd rather pay a little more for something GOOD and a little space instead of..oh I don't know...Nevada Smiths?  Had the Earl Grey Marteani and the Improved Strawberry Daiquri, neither are as wussy as they initially sound.  Earl Grey was soothing and lush, Strawberry Daiquiri had a hint of basil and a subtle real strawberry taste.   Snacks looked good, definitely can't wait to try a few more of their cocktails.
Expensive drinks but strong and good!
I came here on a Saturday night with a friend and it was really crowded. It took almost 45 minutes to get a table. We were pretty early at 9 pm too. I loved the Earl Grey MarTEAni. The Pisco Punch was good too. The cocktails were really good. The food could be better. The summer rolls were bland.
As the first venture of the proprietor who brought cocktails out of their recent Dark Ages -- Audrey Saunders -- Pegu Club is a required stop for any serious cocktail aficionado. People who value craft in a glass reminiscent of an attitude long gone look to Pegu like Mecca. Walking in, past the imbibing rampant lion, up the stairs, and into the gently exotic lounge, with its long hewn wooden bar and Asian influences is an introduction that leaves you in anticipation of the experiences to come. Offering an array of house cocktails, small plates and pairings, Pegu fills that perfect niche where one wants a good cocktail and a little bite. The bartenders are excellent and know their craft. The bar is extensive and very, very well stocked, showcasing the best each class of spirit has to offer, as well as glimpses of rare spirits no longer available behind the mullioned doors --- a 'museum' of spirits to the sharp-eyed. Tanqueray Mallacca, anyone? The cocktails are uniformly well-prepared, and the menu balance classic and innovative well. The bartenders are obliging, artful, and knowledgeable. Unfortunately, like a number of the most well-reputed cocktail bars in the City, I'm afraid that it lacks that certain breath of magic that transforms an excellent cocktail experience into a superlative one. That said, Pegu Club is always a solid and dependable choice.
Nice place... the cocktails are a bit expensive and I made an unfortunate decision with the highland harvest bourbon one, if i want to drink slightly alcoholic cherry syrup il ask for it. my friends drinks were very good though and the place was laid back and classy.
Jane K unceremoniously stripped me of my elite status, 2010. I begged, I pleaded, but she kicked me out anyway. I always knew she was too good for me. But I recovered. i went to Pegu to feel cool again. For some reason, all the waitresses at this Asian themed bar are white girls. They wear kimonos, put their hair in buns and smile brilliantly. If you like disconnects I suppose there are more jarring places. And really, what's Asian about an earl gray martini? You don't have to lift up a chicken's feathers to get a sense of what its about though. And Pegu is about mixology. That newly exalted discipline that is seemingly practiced by clones of the band MGMT. (Mixologists citywide: the mustache situation is out of control. Reign it in.) And it is practiced with virtuosity at Pegu. The reviews don't lie: this place will put that goofy smile on your face. You remember that feeling? That silly grin you couldn't shake when after playing doctor in the fifth grade. Yeah, that one. I'm not much for frou frou drinks. I prefer a Macallan neat to sugary brews. But I requested a birthday party here as much for the ambiance as for the reputation. Pegu was dark, fun, a little sexy, not steamy. If you want your date to think of you as Don Draper, but with a loft in Williamsburg, this would be the place to her.
I was not expecting to walk into a Asian-themed bar when I planned my trip here, but it is decorated that way, with the female servers in kimonos.  It was nice, just not what I expected. I chose this bar because of their Earl Grey MartTEAni and their old fashioned method of mixing cocktails.  There's nothing I love more than a damn good cocktail. They definitely delivered.  The martini was delicious, probably the best drink I've ever had.
Ignore the sort of lame crowd and atmosphere, and focus on the Earl Grey Marteani, it is excellent.
L and I came on a Saturday night, it was just so so.  We luckily got a seat at the bar, but I wasn't all that impressed. The drinks were okay, the ice cubes: awesome, like at Angel's Share, where the hell do they get those cubes dude?!?! Bartender -- English HOT, but totes rude, and I wasn't even hitting on him, just being sarcastic, or just being myself... The crowd was not our scene either, a little too young for my taste.
I visited Pegu Club a little while ago so I can't recall the drinks exactly. Overall, I think its an OK place if you're in the neighborhood, but I would never go there specifically. The drinks were about 3.5/5 stars.  The services was a bit snooty but ultimately accommodating so I'll give it a 3/5 stars.  The environment was really not that cool and relaxed - almost like it was trying to hard to be a speakeasy but it turned out as big as Tao or Nobu Midtown. 2.5/5 for ambiance. It was worth a visit on my speakeasy list of places to try but I'm not looking forward to returning.
Absolutely phenomenal.  Arrived into NYC from LA and had to organize a party for 35 people last minute.  I spoke to Robert who runs the place and he put it all together with minimal effort.  I must say our experience was flawless.  The place is very laid back, elegant and the service was impeccable.  I can't say enough good things about Robert and his staff.   An all around great experience.  Highly recommend Pegu.  We will be back on our next visit.  Thank you for making our night amazing.
"The best cocktails in New York," our broker told us when moving here. I don't know that I am regular enough a cocktail drinker to comment on the validity of that claim, but the drinks are good, and you get a set of eyedroppers full of drink-altering ingredients -- sweet, sour, bitter, etc. -- to tweak it even further. The place is always busy, but we almost always manage to get seats. Low music, low lights. Hip interior. Professional bartenders. Good for a date or catching up with friends. My favorite of the drinks: Gin-Gin Mule.
Loved Pegu Club!  The Earl Grey marteani was my favorite, and we were treated very well (no res, easy table, no waiting).  The staff was courteous and the bartender was fun to watch as he frothed the top of the tea-ni and presented our cocktails to us. Favorite place to stop by when I am shopping in the neighborhood.
I reserved a large section of the lounge for my birthday party on a Saturday night and was extremely pleased with the management and staff. Everything was delivered as promised and there were no issues with guests at the door. The waitress assigned to our section (Claire) did a remarkable job accommodating 40 guests and their drinking needs. Really a stellar performance all around. The club generally has a great atmosphere for social drinking, with good background music. The cocktails are expensive, but diverse and made well. Terrific place for a date, or a group ready for good conversation in a fun setting.
We came here on a Saturday night and I truly, truly enjoyed this place! From the decor, space, to the drinks and bartenders, everything is a 5! It's very hip but classy, and the word that comes to mind when I think of this place is "exquisite." It's situated on the second floor on W. Houston St. You go up a flight of stairs and you enter a room of wooden floor, spacious seating and  a bar area. There were three bartenders working the bar, and the one I ordered from was Japanese. I'm always impressed with Japanese people because they take care of the details. He was very busy with the orders, but he still made the drinks with such precision and perfection. He actually used a small cup to measure the amount of alcohol to be mixed. As a result, the cocktail was very refined and exquisite... And one was enough for a good hour. The music was upbeat but relaxing. Overall, pretty impressed. Will definitely return.
Came here on a Friday night with my roommate, looking for a quiet night out. After going through a couple "lounges" that were really more bar-and-restaurant, we ended up here. Best decision ever! It's classy, but not pretentious. The music isn't over-bearing, and you can have a conversation without screaming and repeating "WHAT?!" I had the Pisco Punch as my first drink. Deeeelish. This will be my Pegu default drink from now on. Unless I try an even better one or they take it off the menu. My second drink was the Whiskey Smash. I didn't like that one as much, but it was still good. I don't remember my friend's first drink, but it tasted like chocolate coffee. YUM. Complete with a chocolate chip on top. She had a sip of my Pisco Punch, and loved it so much, she ordered it as her second drink. The place is a bit pricey ($14 a cocktail), but worth it. This will be our treat yo'self spot.
Really like this trendy little hideaway in soho.  The drinks are pricy, but the bar has a cool and classy vibe.
Hooray for the insanely yummy drinks.  I could sit here and get wrecked all night long (if i didn't care about all those calories, of course).   I like the vibe, but it's really best only if you're on a date or with some really really interesting people.  Otherwise, it gets a little boring as the night wears on...no mixing and mingling going on.  And you know I'm a girl that loves to flirt. But definitely a solid 4 stars and some R-E-S-P-E-C-T for the drinks.
We stopped by here with the hope that it would be relatively empty... I mean, really, people, Pegu no longer is *the* spot or even a *cool* spot. Yet, it was crowded... So, when it is somewhat empty, I would stay. But, it is not worth to stay in a so-so place where one has to push his/her way through crowds of people.
Great place to take a date or meet business associates.  The place has a really bad-ass quality to it though. Bit pricey, and not really a fan of most of their cocktails to be honest...but that's because I don't care for sweet drinks.  Attractive waitresses in kimonos?  I like.
Classy drink lounge with a decent selection of specialty drinks. Very chill and trendy atmosphere - good for conversation         Mixologists here were ok, not as experienced as some other places in NYC such as Apotheke or Milk & Honey. But very friendly place, spacious, good for date night or with a group of friends.
nomnomnomnomnomnomnom! Really top-notch cocktails in a loungey environment; I tend to like smaller spaces better; they somehow feel more personal and you feel like you get better service, but the bartenders here really know what's what. The menu is fun and versatile, and the drinks here are no-joke-strong. Their take on the sidecar was a huge hit for me, though I also enjoyed their take on the Last Word and Earl Grey Martini. I felt as though the service could have been better, but then again I've probably been spoiled by other speakeasies where the drinks are basically customized to your preferences. After lots of jumping through flaming hoops to get into other places, it was a nice relief to not have to make reservations weeks in advance and memorize passwords in Swahili in order to get my group into here. We simply walked in with 6 and sat right on down. All in all I had a wonderful experience here, and it's definitely the way to go if you have a decently-sized group on a week-day.
A very good lounge that never seems to be overly crowded, with a nice selection of cocktails and not-too-loud music.
I love Pegu. I generally abstain from going out Fridays and Saturdays in Manhattan due to all the weekend-warrior secretaries and dental assistants that pile into the city, but thankfully they don't usually come to Pegu Club, so I often come here to escape the madness. It is a nice respite from a lot of the other madness that goes on downtown--a long room done in a oriental/colonial style, dominated with dark wood (the slatted ceiling is very nice) with nice plush seating in the front lounge area and small tables that line the wall behind the bar.  Even on busy weekend nights, it's still possible to carry on a conversation without yelling over everybody else's conversation and the excellent music (Four Tet, Radiohead, Prefuse 73, DJ Shadow, et al) while supping your cocktails. The cocktail menu is full of creative twists on classic drinks, and features some seasonal drinks as well as some stalwarts such as their signature Pegu Club Cocktail and my favorite, the Early Grey Mar-tea-ni--earl grey infused gin with lemon and frothed with egg white, if i remember correctly.  I am usually a strict vodka or scotch drinker, but I go strictly by the drink menu here, undeterred by drinks that if you were to go strictly by the list of ingredients might seem sweet or cloying--this is not the case however, most of the cocktails I've tried seem to achieve a delicate balance of the ingredients used, so you can taste each ingredient as if they were to all take their turns soloing on stage. (god that was awful, sorry) There is one stinker on the menu, a very herbal-tasting apertif (or was it a digestif?)--just not my cup of tea. Appetizers are seasonal (as they should be) and often come with excellent cocktail pairing suggestions--I would definitely recommend ordering up a few.
A lovely space tucked away in Soho perhaps best experienced on a slow Tuesday or Wednesday evening. Went in on Saturday for drinks with friends and was very pleased with the ambiance. Dark room, soft lights, a long bar with plenty of seating, and intimate nooks for conversation with friends or a date. My biggest qualm was not with the cocktails, although I found them to be short on pour and overpriced, but with the waitstaff. Our waitress seemed unfamiliar with the Club's signature cocktails as she did not appear to recognize a few of the orders we placed. It took about 15 minutes for each cocktail to arrive, a bit of a wait even for a saturday night in the city. At the end of the evening our waitress did not know how to divide up the check between three people, so we had to parse over the receipt ourselves and tell her the exact amounts to place on each card. As soon as she was paid, she removed all the glassware from the table, including my sidecar which still contained a sizable portion of vodka. At that point I was so over the experience we opted to leave rather than say anything. I would consider going back, but only during the week and I would sit at the bar instead of a table.
Recent trip to NYC to speak at a conference led to a mission to visit as many cocktail lounges as possible.  Perhaps it was my mix-and-match intent to compare SF watering holes to the best that NYC could offer (without the trash talking) -- maybe I'll just say it was an educational sojourn.  Pegu Club came up consistently during my research and did not disappoint.  Hit all the high points of fresh ingredients, long liquor list, and inventive and thoughtful house cocktails.  (little note:  the colonial aspect brought forth a minor objection from me but that's a different story for a different website).  Tried:  Pegu cocktail (nice, smooth), 2 different manhattans (one with bourbon, the other with rye, came in a little coupe with the remainder on ice in a separate small glass), and a few bourbons (one cube, yes I'm that guy, cue eye roll).  Waitstaff was efficient, knowledgeable, appreciated the hospitality of the front door greeter aka bouncer.
The decor is overdramatic, the prices are steep, but the drinks mostly justify both. I had the Jamaican Firefly and the Gin-Gin Mule. I like gin and I like ginger, and both of these drinks are based on their homemade ginger beer, which was tasty. The firefly was sweeter than the mule, and I think I preferred it. My girlfriend got two Zeldas, which was a classier Shirley Temple filled with gin. Ordering off the menu wasn't a problem either. All of the drinks tasted really good, but I don't know if it's possible to serve a drink good enough to justify $13 each. It's easy to miss while walking by, and the seating is intimate. It's quiet and dark inside, a great place to drink slowly and talk, not a great place for large groups or anything loud. We didn't try the food, but it didn't look terrible.
OK, my Pegu experience (from a few years back): Three guys. Wearing a hoodie, sweater, and T-shirt respectively. Trying to get decent drinks to start the night off. Didn't come prepared. But definitely a good place to learn about the classy speakeasy vibe - I only say that because we didn't get kicked out. I don't know if it's true but I felt like in NYC they respect your $ and skills more than your looks. Jay-Z anyone? The place looks hip. Seating is futuristic. I think one of my friends was sitting on an Ikea footrest. And it was cool to go through the menu and all - exotic drinks with all sorts of ingredients we'd never heard of being explained to us by the server, who probably realized that we hadn't gone much beyond Long Islands. So, I knew that we were a bit out of place when the next booth (4 couples) had 5 bottles of champagne and we only had 2 drinks each.... but after the server started pouring Fiji from the bottle into our glasses I knew we were way out of league. "Excuse me but can we just get tap water?" Thanks Pegu for dealing with us earthy Midwestern beer kids!
Great atmosphere for a drink, and the talented bartenders make amazing cocktails.
Great space, great bartenders and Audrey Sanders amazing Earl Grey Martini. Pegu has it's own thing going on in terms of theme and feel. In terms of the better cocktail lounges, it certainly has more space and adult feel to it than some of the better cocktail bars about town. It all depends on what you are looking for, but I would never quibble to drink here. yelp.com/list/best-cockt…
The scent from Pegu Club's exquisite cocktails, which are nicely decorated by fresh flowers and berries, emanate a sweet aroma and are a perfect prelude to an evening punctuated by chic surroundings. Dim lighting, hip music at a perfect conversational, yet enjoyable level, compliment a large space to comfort a nice and mature crowd.   The service here is fantastic and I highly recommend Pegu Club to bring either a date or group of out of towners.  Have your friends try the Gin-Gin Mule and Gentleman's Agreement.  They will be glad they did.
Stopped in at the beginning of summer on a grasshopper night, surprised i didnt review this place already. Located right next to dos caminos, we had just finished having my weekly frozen margaritas and guac at DS, decided to finally check out the club. Come in, greet the door man, go upstairs and have a comfy seat and drink. Very nice lounge atmosphere, dim lighting. I think there were dark woods and grey suedes. Place wasnt packed, but small groups were seated and enjoying intimate yet casual conversation. I dont remember if there was music, there probably was a little jazz and suave tunes. All the drinks had fairly nice presentation with flowers and all but the portions were on the smaller side, i didnt pay but i believe they were significant double digit cocktail prices, which is to be expected. I remember really liking the pisco punch, was sweet and refreshing not too stong on the liqs, more what i was in the mood for at the time. I remember also having a champagne cocktail i didnt like too much. My friend also had 2 drinks, they were ok. He had deviled eggs, i didnt taste them cause i dont really get down with eggs past breakfast but he didnt really like em either. I think i had some spring rolls, they were decent. We werent really hungry, were just trying stuff out for future reference, but the portions were small and perfect for sharing and snacking just to accompany the cocktails, nothing to devour on an empty stomach. Service was not necessarily nice but respectful and informative, which is fine with me. I dont like to read menus sometimes, so waiter guidance and recommendations are important to me and she indeed steered me towards options i would have chosen for myself and also mentioned custom cocktail services if nothing on the menu tickled my fancy. Pleasant first experience, I have to come back and try more drinks to find some winners. Dont come looking for people tho, def a spot dependent on BYOP (bring your own people) to enjoy yourselves privately. Overall, nice chill place to bring close friends and coworkers afterwork, an afterwork date, or out of towners and lounge in a sophsticated yet comfy cocktail establishment.
Dam Good Cocktails if a bit PRICEY ! Nice ambiance. Go if you can afford the Very Expensive Cocktails. If not, "There's always $3 PBR 'S in The EAST VILLAGE ...
As far as drink selection goes, I feel while good in general, it's merely average compared to the other mixologist-type places around. This would put it in 4-star territory They lose two stars b/c of service. And this was on a slow night... I didn't see anything on the menu that really excited me so I asked the bartender for a customized drink, which gets you really good results at most mixologist places. Instead the bartender serves me something off the menu, customized by removing one ingredient. On top of that, the bartender insulted my drink choice. Ordered a second drink, this time giving the bartender total freedom to make whatever he wanted and just gave me something off the menu.
if you say it, you get the best cocktail your mouth has ever known
So lovely! Nicely tucked away on the 2nd floor corner of Houston and W. Broadway. This is my favorite bar for cocktails. WHAT I LIKE ABOUT PEGU! Lush decor with a touch of Asian influence. Small intimate setting and music at a volume conducive to actual conversation. Unpretentious staff, from the hostess to the bartenders, everyone was extremely friendly and accommodating! And of course, truely well-crafted mixed drinks. DRINK IT UP! The Applejack Crumbler was amazing, and came adorned with two flowers on top (among other things a mix of Applejack, pomegranate, and crushed berries), The Old Cuban (champagne mojito), Badminton Cup (some sort of cucumber concoction they made for me) PRETTY GOOD: Earl Grey TEAni (gin, earl grey tea, egg white foam), Gin Gin Mule (gin mojito) SNACK FOOD: Truffle mushroom dumplings were good but not especially hot. Rangoon Crab Cakes, nice and crispy and with a slight zing. Unfortunately all the food tended on the salty side. BOTTOM LINE: I would go back in a heartbeat. Great place to go for drinks and conversation with a small group of friends. Ideal date spot as well! NOTE: It's first come first serve for tables under 8. You may have to wait a little to get seated, but the manager is pretty realistic with wait times. Also, drinks are not that strong, so you're able to try a variety of drinks without stumbling out :)
What to order: Whiskey Smash(great drink for whiskey/ scotch lovers) Honeydew Drink Overall: Pegu was not overcrowded for a Friday at 8pm. The atmosphere is very trendy and modern with great service. The drinks are STRONG but they do well in making sure you do not taste it. Definitely a great place but expect to pay for the special cocktails as they are quite pricey.
if you appreciate great tasting cocktails than Pegu Club is a must. i went with some friends and was pleasantly surprised--it takes about 5 - 10 minutes for each drink to be mixed to perfection but this place uses several ingredients in each drink and it is worth the wait. one piece of advice, the drinks are delicious and therefore go down easy, which means when you get up to use the restroom or to leave, you may find yourself a little wobbly. don't be shy to ask for a glass of water, it's encouraged and helps to take the bite out of all that liquor :)
5 STARS because they invented the Bensonhurst. My fave cocktail EVER. If you like a bourbon manhattan, step into this. Rye whiskey, Cynar (Italian apertif made from herbs and artichokes), bitters, and carmelized orange rind. Simply my fave drink. The Jamaican firefly was tasty as well... kind of like an artisan dark & stormy. The Whiskey Smash was good, but too much ice... there were only 5 sips in there. The Bensonhurst may not be on the menu, but order it. It changed my perspective. If you want to have some of the best cocktails in NYC, go to the Pegu club. If you love gourmet food, and want to apply that vibe to cocktails... this is your place.
I'll admit, it's sort of a silly place.  I am a downtown girl, but I don't know if this is a place I'd ever go with friends.  But, as a lady, to get TAKEN to Pegu Club is a lovely idea.   The waitresses are gorgeous and have little personality.  The room was filled with a lot of downtown media types.  The cocktails are in the $13-20 range, and I can't remember one of their names.  But that's not a problem.  If you choose the liqour you're in the mood for, I guarantee the drink you choose you'll enjoy.   It's very Midnight-On-The-Orient-Express-But-Here-We-Are-So-­Distinctively-On-Houston-Street.   We ordered the duck appetizer and the calamari.  Neither were memorable at all.  The duck comes in four fried cones.  The calamari is a heaping portion served with spicy mayonaisse.   The drinks are strong, delicious, and it's easy to have fun there.  If you're pay check to pay check, I'd wait for someone to take you.  But money's no object, try it out.
Phenomenal. In a city where every restaurant and bar tries to have its own list of "specialty cocktails" and recipes, Pegu Club shines as a haven for true lovers of libations. The expert mixologists work their magic to create a fantastic drink menu that is really peerless in the city from what I've seen. The Copperhead, Ritz Cocktail and Jamaican Firefly are some of my favorites, but frankly, I have yet to really go wrong with the various different drinks I have tried. To add to that, the appetizers are perfectly done, and they compliment the drink menu and the atmosphere perfectly. The tuna tartare and mini-burgers are particularly tasty, but just as with the drink menu, I doubt you'll go wrong with any of the choices. Further icing is provided by the beautiful space, low slung seating, Asian-inspired window latices and groovy lighting that give the upscale and interesting crowd just the right enivornment in which to mingle. Has been a staple in our nights out in the SoHo / Village area for months now, and we keep coming back for a reason - it never fails to impress. Go with friends, a date, some work colleagues or any mixture thereof and you will certainly not be disappointed. Bravo.
Came here on an off night, so not very crowded. It felt nice and lounge-y. I'm always a bit irked when I try to order a drink off the menu, and they're out of a key component. Then, I try to order another drink....and the same problem. Maybe I just have bad luck. The service was nice. Had a couple tasty plates to soften the alcohol blow. The line to get coats is weird and takes up almost the entire staircase - even when the place is fairly empty. I can't imagine what it's like when the place is crowded. I hate mandatory coat check and I hate waiting 20 minutes to leave a place after I've had a couple beverages and just want to sleep.
So, after reading all these reviews about how wonderful Pegu is, it was finally time to check the place out.  Somehow, though, it was nowhere as wonderful as the reviews made it seem.   Too many expectations? An off day? I don't know.   There was nothing bad, just nothing terribly impressive.  The space (once I found it), was nice, dark enough to feel romantic/cozy, without feeling like I was walking in a  cave.  The staff was okay,  a little overly pushy at first, but they calmed down. But now we get down to the crux of the matter.  Yes, I'm talking about the drinks. Maybe my expectations were to high.  I probably shouldn't have expected something like an orgasm for my tongue.... but I did expect something great, or at least good. I ordered the gin-gin mule, I've heard only good things about it, and it's all flavors I love, it should have been wonderful. It wasn't. It was weak, not terribly interesting, and, while I hate to say it, boring. I'm hoping it was just that they were having an off day, because I want to like this place, but they've got a lot of catching up to do.
It was perfect. The drinks were perfect. The bartender's one-off suggestion was exactly what I wanted and needed at the time. Just thinking about the night spent here brings back that little tickle back in my throat.  In watching the bar staff work, you come to realize that there is a proper way to make cocktails, and this is the place to see it done.
Sleek, chic, and undeniably delicious cocktails. I came here to start the evening off on a Saturday night to unwind with a few cocktails with my girlfriend. We were ushered to a table but asked to be relocated to the bar to see the mixologists perform their magic. We weren't disappointed. Earl grey martini and Gin Gin Mule were lovely, perfect cocktails. The elements complimented each other wonderfully and was a true pleasure to sip on. I chatted with another bartender who happened to be sitting next to me (resident bartender at PDT) as he educated my ignorant self on the craft of mixology. Only downside, were the eurotrash types that hit on me and my friend, urging us to go to Pink Elephant with them after. Boring, pass, yawn. I came out realizing mixology is a perfect science.
It doesn't get much better than this. Top-notch service paired with top-notch, original food and cocktails. Pegu stands out from the rest of the pack by delivering their stuff without the pretension that plagues a lot of the smaller top NYC cocktail dens. Drinks are pricey, but so is everything else in NYC. Bring a date, sit at the bar, and leave your drinking to the cool and comfortable bar staff (whose drinkmaking is about as close to a "performance" as you can get). I'd definitely recommend avoiding this place on the busy weekend nights when they're slammed (they don't cut corners, so service can be slower than your typical dive) - stop in on an off night for easy seating and good drinking.
and now for the cocktail culmination of my trip to new york: a seating at the pegu club and another check off of the good ol' gq list.  the pegu club's orginal namesake was a 19th century gentleman's club in burma serving officers and foreign dignitaries for nearly a century with its signature drink - a refreshing contrast to the sultry surroundings, featuring gin and citrus accents.  now reincarnated in the heart of soho, pegu club maintains the sense of an imperialistic hideaway amidst the bustling new york streets below.  while sipping my excellently crafted gentleman's agreement with scotch and blackberries, i felt transported to a time when the irrawaddy still ruled the rivers and britain owned the world.
Pegu Club is kinda boring. The lounge supposedly takes inspiration from a British Colonial Officers' Club in Burma, which sounds awesome, but you wouldn't really know it if it weren't mentioned on their menu. Pretty bland decor for such a colorful concept. But, it's not terrible or tacky, and who cares, right? Because the cocktails are solid little numbers sure to please the connoisseur and regular old drunkard alike. Now that I'm decidedly in my late 20s, I've come to realize that a place like Pegu Club is the perfect sort of establishment to gather a group of friends. It's relaxed, the music contributes to but does not command the conversation, and a bar that does the opposite. I loved my Earl Grey Marteani and Little Italy (their take on a Manhattan, made with a delicious rye). In fact, we were all so happy with our drinks, half the fun was passing them around. The cocktails are $13 each, which given the quality is actually pretty reasonable.   All in all, a great, mature, relaxed place with delicious drinks: an excellent place to catch up with just about anyone who is comfortable with not drinking Budweiser.
I really like this place. It's a semi hidden, late-night snack and mixology destination. It's a great place to take a date either to start the evening or end it. Best of all,  the decor is asian-inspired-modern, sleek, dark and sexy, it's not uncommon the see couples making out and lounging on the bench seating. Good food and great drinks -- your date will be happy you brought them The small plates are all very good and priced decently. They are known for their deviled eggs, but they're not so much my cup of tea. I've been here a number of times and my personal favorites are the spring rolls, Shitaki dumplings and the sloppy duck sliders. So why 3 stars ? I found one of the bartenders a bit on the snobby and condescending side on a recent visit -- which made the experience a little less enjoyable than usual. Expect to drop at least $75-100 on each visit... if not more.  None the less, I'll be back.
easy enough bar to get into in and around the soho area. fancy cocktails and is set above the din of houston on the second floor. sort of reminiscent of a las vegas lounge but in a new york kind of way. good for groups or a casual date.
Damn good martini's! Frankly i'm not a huge drinker but these libations are so tasty they leave you wanting more the next day. Pegu is busy, there was a retarded line out front and the service is slow but I'll def be back for another Earl Grey Martini or 2.  Just not at 12:30 on a Saturday night.
I just love this place. The drinks are well-executed, inventive, and served with style. I've never actually eaten here, so this review is for the bar only. Although I've been here many times, I was here on a recent Saturday and it wasn't super busy. Hope this place stays busy so it stays in business!
this place is fabulous!  delicious/unique cocktails, plus you can sit without getting a bottle!
The drink menu at Pegu Club is a work of art.  The drinks are made of the finest ingredients, and each drink is precisely as you have wished it when placing your order.   Tip: I am a scotch drinker, and the waiter clued me in on the fact that most of the gin drinks can be replaced with scotch - so I have ended up having a very delightful whiskey drink here a few times.
On the south side of Houston a disorientated Italian tourist inquires. "Soho?" A nod, you are on the threshold. "Where all the beautiful shops are?" Pointing him down West Broadway another advance. "Is that where all the fun stuff is?" Well for a mother and daughter shopping day, yes. Others find fun at Pegu Club. British colonial themed, it provides a sophisticated atmosphere to converse and relish professional bartending. "I will take an Apple martini." "Sorry we don't serve those here. You might like to try our Earl Grey Marteani." The kimono-clad waitress gently guides the patron back to the menu. Tea infused Tanqueray, lemon juice, and egg white froth. "It's a fun drink. Also we offer The Fitty-Fitty." 50% gin, 50% vermouth and a dash of Regan's orange bitters. "Ok the Earl Grey." Dutifully agreeing on a more appropriate selection. "Mmmm, kind of soothing."
The Pegu Club located in SoHo is def. a nice hidden legit spot in the city. I love the hidden speak easy spots that only a few people know about so it's not blown out of proportion and it becomes some type of "greenhouse I'm a total douchebag hangout". The bouncer in front was super friendly and wasn't a dick about the wait, he told me it would be about 5 minutes but it was less then that, and i proceeded upstairs and this placed reeked of elegance, small yet nice decor, dimly lit and the clientele were all very well dressed. Pretty good music and it was just loud enough where you could hear it but also carry on a conversations, def a date spot or a nice chill relaxed night with your friends for sure. Most people come for the libations and the drinks did not disappoint, they were absolutely amazing and the bartenders were more than accommodating, very nice and professional. Obviously it's not cheap but what do you expect, it's actually one of the places in the city that's worth it because they realize that the customer comes first and they treat you well. Will probably be going here for the holidays with a few friends and my girlfriend. The cocktails and bartenders have been reviewed and acclaimed in plenty of reputable NY news publications
Came here with my gf and a friend on a Friday around 9 pm. The place was pretty full but we managed to get a seat at the bar. I think sitting at the bar worked out for the best. We sat right next to the bar tender (Ricky), who by far had the best customer service in NYC. The guy was making the drinks, taking orders and greeting people all at the same time, it was pretty impressive. Also, right after finishing our second drink my gf mentioned to me that she wanted a glass of water.  Ricky heard her from like 3 meters away and immediately poured us each a glass of water without us even having to ask. In regards to the drinks, they were all very well made and had a good amount of alcohol. I had several cocktails but, my favorite by far was the Jamaican Firefly. Overall i was very satisfied and  would defiantly recommend this Pegu to others. Personally I would recommend sitting at the bar so you can see the action close up. If you are with a group larger then 3  it may not  possible to sit at the bar due to space constraints.
Hellllllllllo Earl Gray Martini.... two please!!! Great starter spot for a cocktail and some munchies. mellow ambience. Good crowd- easy to get through to your way to the bathroom though. Just be careful, I broke my finger on the bathroom door... not exactly sure how though. Maybe it was the Earl Grey Martini? Oh well, well worth it.
Perfect spot for groups. Went here on a Wednesday night with about 30 people for a birthday party and it was great. Service is good, drinks are fine. Food is nothing special, which is why I am giving it three stars and not four. Highly recommend for drinks with friends.
I've never seen such intricate elaborate mixing in my life. It was bizarre and I liked it. The bartender put so much work into one concoction, with all the mixing and ingredients and herbs and GRINDING (reminded me of compounding lab in school). I had the Earl Grey Marteani, which I wasn't too crazy about, but it did have the tea taste which I like. My friends all got the ginger drink, which I really liked because I love the taste of fresh mint. The candied ginger was like a spicy snack in between sips. Most of these cost $14. I love this place; classy, funky, and makes me appreciate the bartenders.
Pegu club is amazing! Two of us stopped in here on Saturday around 6pm for a cocktail. The drinks are about $13, with champagne cocktails being a bit more pricey at $17. I had the penicillin and it was absolutely delicious. My date had their namesake drink, it was good as well, but a little too citrusy for me. We sat at the bar so we could watch all of the magic happen, the bartender was really professional and gave everyone perfectly prepared drinks. The atmosphere was really cozy, with dim lighting and comfortable seats. We will most certainly be back!!!! A word to the wise.... As we were leaving at 7pm the place was getting crowded, it seems that people reserve tables.
the misterious red light peeks through the door and takes you to a fantastic asian-inspired space upstairs. the place has a reputation of making very unique delicious drinks and not taking reservations(first come, first serve) but i went there on a thursday night around 7ish, and the place was packed allready.  if you want a seat, you should go there on the early side. my boyfriend had the earl gray martini and the coconut crusted prawns which he adored, and i stuck to drinks and had their house cocktail, and their gin-gin which were both delicious. i deff recomend it for a perfect date, but would be wonderful to have a little party there too. very helpful staff, the crowd is beautiful, its the place to be.
Pegu Club is no nightclub.   What is it? Perfect destination for catching up with friends.   Plenty of seating to rest your high heel-weary feet.   Music just loud enough to set the mood but not kill a group conversation. Gin Mule - refreshing mint sparkler, like a mojito Pegu club cocktail - citrusy although a bit dry for my taste
Earl grey martini is really good and so are the other drinks. However, it's always way too crowded at the bar, making it difficult to order drinks and it takes a while to even wave down a mixologist/bartender and even longer to receive your drink. Meh.
some of the most delicious cocktails i've ever had in my life... and in such a lovely atmosphere. choice spot for a date. potentially perfect but found the small plates of food to be less impressive.. and worse, several of the female servers were robot-like/quite unfriendly.
Sort of like tripping and falling on a wayward shoelace, this place has pretty much turned into my "let's go out somewhere sort of upscale and adult-ish on days we don't really feel like going out, out" go-to spot. Not sure how that happened but this is where I be- quite literally. Here we go, with dashes: -Upscale and adulti-ish are the key words here. If you like to hip hop your way around, skip Pegu. Fair warning. For the most part, I love the crowd. It is important to note that this is where I get the majority of my opinion of an establishment. -You can meet a stranger here or you can just keep to your circle. Sometimes you just want the option. -The first time I came here it was a couple of years ago with a friend that had lived in Tokyo with me; he had heard that Pegu was on the same level of Japanese mixology. I would not extend so much praise as this but I do quite enjoy coming here and not ordering my usual Kettle One and soda. They have a couple of different champagne-and-something options. I think they are $18 each, I order two and am pretty set for a nice night. Don't like the options available on the menu? Ask for something different. -Need a place for drinks for business purposes? I work in finance. EVERY SINGLE TIME this situation has presented itself this is place I suggest. Notice the all caps?
Generally, I prefer bars that people go to to have fun rather than to sit around in the dark pretending to be cool, but I was dragged here by some friends. When I lived in Asia, I was consistently embarrassed for locals who would try to make something seem really Western, but end up with something really lame. This was the same sort of scenario. It's supposed to be some sort of modern pan-Asian decor, but it's really just lame. I mean, the servers are white girls in kimonos. Come on. If you want to impress someone with an Asian-themed bar, spring for the plane tickets to Beijing and take her to "The World of Suzie Wong" So, why even two-stars? After I accepted my fate, I sat back, relaxed, and enjoyed my cocktail. I had the "Gin Gin Mule," which is a ginger and gin mojito. That was a pretty awesome drink. However, I had some of a "Pegu Club Cocktail," and that wasn't really good at all.
i have been here twice, and overall i think it's a nice place with good drinks and a cool atmosphere.  however, during my first visit, after sampling a signature cocktail i made the mistake of ordering a drink with vodka in it - tip: do not do this!  vodka is regarded with much disdain, and by association, so was i after placing my order.  and when i walked away in shame to use the restroom, the sliding restroom door slammed on my finger and cut it open to the bone!  not the fault of the bartender, but i still had the feeling that he had cursed me ...  of course, that didn't stop me from enjoying my drink - nothing a simple turniquet couldn't fix!  i finally went back last night, and while my scar throbbed a bit and started glowing, my (gin) cocktail was refreshing and i had a lovely time.
My Android phone tried to autocorrect Pegu to Orgy... so be careful when texting your friends back "Pegu sounds good" The prices are on par with the other cocktail places around the city at $12-15 per drink.  The drink list is really good, most of it gin-based.  I had one of the winter seasonals with a chai-infused gin, and it was beautiful to drink, not too heavy, creamy, or sweet.  The other cocktails I sipped were fine, but nothing spectacular. The place lacks the pretension of other cocktail places around the city, a more relaxed atmosphere.  I find the waitstaff dress (throw back to Burma?) contrived and it's almost uncomfortable to see them floating around the place.
I went to Pegu with some of my friends who were visiting from London. It was their last night and they wanted to have yummy cocktails in a nice bar. It started all well. It wasn't crowded, we had nice cocktails (not that impressive) and we could catch up in a quiet atmosphere with live guitar music. Our waitress was attentive and lovely. However, when we wanted to pay with different cards, another waiter, male was so rude. We were three girls wanting to go dutch. Is it that hard to divided a bill in three? He had to make a face and treat us like we were doing something wrong. Not sure why i'd ever want to spend 100 bucks for aperitif  drinks and then let the pretentious waiter ruin your evening. mah...
the champagne mojitos were delish!!
Yum.  Awesome cocktails, great bartenders, nice doorman, takes credit cards, and is one of the five premier drink spots in NYC (and probably the nation). As compared with the other high-end cocktail joints in the city, Pegu's style tends to focus on the base spirit with lots of interesting flavors to accentuate it (as opposed to Death & Co. which, IMHO, focuses more on a very delicate balance of spirits and flavors within one drink) -- the drinks here are pretty damn strong, and excellent.   Cocktails to try: Earl Grey Marteani, Gin Gin Mule, Red Pepper, many others!  And if you like your whiskey, ask for a Penicillin...it'll blow you away.
We wanted to go out to a place for good cocktails and to catch-up - My friend suggested Pegu and I was a bit hesitant - sounded a bit pretentious and really had no idea what to expect. Read some reviews and was hopeful to drinks some yummy cocktails. We started with the Gin Gin Mule which was delicious (love me a dark and stormy!) Next, we got the Earl Grey MarTEAni which I was a bit nervous about with that raw egg yolk. Let me tell you, I've never had a more tasty drink in my life. For $12, totally worth a drink and the relaxing atmosphere. Our cocktail waitress, Jenna was so helpful and added to the pleasant experience.
Pegu Club has fantastic drinks and a fun atmosphere, but is unquestionably plagued by scenesters and wannabes.  The waitresses' robes are meant to create vibe, but instead end up being creepy and cliche, and the whole vibe of the place is less "classy lounge" and more "skanky club".  It's not a bad spot if you happen to be in the neighborhood, but it's definitely sub par when compared to the city's other high end cocktail options.
