Charleston is a cool bar located in the trendy neighborhood of Williamsburg. What makes this a go to spot? I'll keep it short & simple. - You can pay less than 10 bucks and get a pitcher of Miller and a shot on the side. - They have personal pan pizzas for $1. Yes, ONE DOLLAR and any extra toppings is a dollar extra. They have a ton of variety in terms of toppings. - A few arcade games are located in the back. - It's located right by the L train on Bedford. The music is blah, but other than that everything else is just fine by me.
Boy is this place loud and crowded and hot (and sweaty from body heat). It'a actually very ridiculous. Be prepared to not hear your own thoughts. It's basically a frat bar. The only reason for that extra star is the FREE PIZZA with beer! And the cheap shitty beer.
FREE PIZZA! YAY! And it wasn't even bad! Definitely a personal size. I ended up getting two - once free before 8pm and once for $1 after 8pm, both with drink orders. They also a well shot and a High Life for $5. Add toppings to the pizza for an extra dollar. Great place to grab an early after work drink and people watch with a cheap but yummy dinner. Busy, crowded and dark otherwise. People seemed to stick with their friend groups but it's a casual and friendly place on a Saturday evening. There was a couple making out hardcore right at the bar the entire 2.5 hours we were there, so it was incredibly repulsive and distracting. I wish the bartender would've told them to get a room. I think the shots were extremely watered down - had three and didn't get drunk when usually I'd be buzzed off one. Or maybe I'm just a tank in my post-college days! WOO! Big Buck hunter and skee ball in the back - trying to be hipster much? Anyway, I'd stop by just for the prices and chill atmosphere!
It's a dark and stormy night. Okay, it is dark because you've been drinking all day and it is not actually stormy. You and your friends want to grab pizza and a beer off the Bedford stop, and you've only got about $20 left. Go to Charleston! For $5 you can get a shot and a beer, and a free 8' inch pizza (toppings for $1). You can give the shot away, because you have had enough already, and to a drunk person that is the greatest gift ever. Then, you can nosh on your pizza upstairs in this little seating area with tables. Kind of like a VIP at a speakeasy. It overlooks the ski ball area, so it becomes dinner and a show. Music wasn't that loud, so you could sit and talk to your friends. You could also make a phone call to the last bar you were at to make sure that they still have drunk friend #3's cell phone that she left in the bathroom. They have it? Perfect. Faith in humanity restored. Another bite of pizza and our night continues...
Okay for drinks. They really need to get some Air Conditioners up in there. It was hotter in there than outside. Silver lining, free pizza!
I mean you are getting free pizza. And they just added tall boys of Tecate into the drink special lineup. So that's a shot, a tall boy, and a pizza for $6 aka $8 BECAUSE YOU TIP YOUR BARTENDER YOU SCOUNDREL. Now I did terrible on the math section of my SAT but this sounds like one hell of a great deal. Oh and there's skee ball. A bar would essentially only need a toilet and a cooler with a few beers save for it having skee ball. Skee ball makes everything better. 2 Chainz is all "When I die bury me inside the Gucci Store" But like you can bury me righhhht here.
A dive with divey priced drinks, good music, and a fun crowd. Trivia on Mondays AND Tuesdays, skee ball, big buck hunter, friendly bar staff, and free pizza. Count me in. Full disclosure - their booth benches are extremely uncomfortable and probably unsafe, but it makes for a great conversation starter with your neighboring bench buddies...
You can't go wrong with free pizza with your beer! A great place to go when I'm running low on cash. I will always go back. It can get pretty busy but for its location you aren't going to find anywhere that's not.
Before you set foot in here you need to understand it is the diveiest of divey dive bars. No it's not a clean swanky, classy kind of place but if you're looking for a dive bar, this is your place (but skip the free pizza). The staff is friendlier than most on Bedford ave, the drinks are cheap ($3/shot, $5/beer or cider). Atmosphere is 100% less hipster than any other establishment in north Williamsburg and over all a really good vibe.
This is constantly my go to bar when I'm in Williamsburg! Extremely friendly staff, cheap cheap CHEAP drinks that aren't weakly poured by any means, and a great atmosphere! Ski ball in the back as well making it more fun and unique as far as a typical dive bar is concerned! Love taking friends who visit here because we always have a blast! The $1 pizza is to die for, and can't go wrong with the mexican car crash! The owner is so sweet and a great guy who genuinely cares about his customers. Overall, hot spot!
Now here's the deal with this place... I think that if I hadn't prefaced this place by two other bars, then I wouldn't have been so laid back and it would have been a horrible experience. BUT... we wandered in off the street and were greeted by a sign that said, Beer +Shot +$5.00.....FANTASTIC Being 31 years old...I'm pretty sure we were the oldest ones there.... so yeah, it's that type of college bar. Pizza is 1.00 with purchase of a drink. So we sat...oh! the first booth..BE CAREFUL! the seat moves when someone sits in the seat behind it and if you're in there, you get SQUISHED! BEWARE! So..we sat on the same side....drank our drinks that came on a silver platter and off to the next! I think this place would be good for people looking to drink before they go elsewhere...or coming to grab pizza after too much bar hopping.
This place is a filthy rodent nest...Anytime I see people eating the pizza I pray for them. I've lived in a 3-block radius since it opened. It used to be some kind of old restaurant and they didn't bother to upgrade the inside at all. The seats are torn, the floors are gross, and they have mice - especially since the construction has been going on next door. Personally I don't dig the clientele either - lots of faux punk rockers, etc. Everyone looks like he or she needs a bath. Then again maybe you enjoy that. If so, more power to ya! If not, and you're looking for the pizza deal, check out Lulu's in Greenpoint or Alligator Lounge off the Metro stop. If you want cheap beer there are plenty of other alternative dives in the 'hood that seem less filthy/skeevy.
Divey bar with cheap drinks... but with a whole lot more: - Great, chill crowd. - Music selection is solid (heard everything from classic Weezer to Led Zep). - $1 personal pizza (additional $1 for toppings) with every order. - Buck Hunter and skeeball in the back. - Friendly staff and bartenders.
Updated review: STILL the best, even during peak hours on weekends. Bartenders are still as friendly and helpful as ever: will make recommendations, will explain how the pizza deal works, etc. Beer and shot specials are all the time, not only during happy hour. Always an interesting crew no matter your scene.
Saw the "Beer + Shot for $5 plus Free Pizza" sign outside and thought yes yes yes! Once I stepped inside the stench of nasty bar smell smacked me in the face and I immediately wanted to leave. I stayed because my friends wanted to have their beer-shot-freepizza, which don't get me wrong, is a great deal. BUT I was truly uncomfortable with the smell, and the sticky bar top.
Came to Williamsburg on a whim. Passing by this place and they were blasting "I Wanna Sex You Up" & I was sold on going in.  So I went in. $8 drinks? $1 pizza? Skeeball? Juke box? Yes!!! My drink was nice & strong & the bartenders were so friendly. I didn't try the pizza, but it smelled really good.  If I'm ever back in the neighborhood, I'd definitely go back!
Favorite dive bar in the burg...yea man the burg ...people cant even say the full fucking word. Anyways, allow me to stop wasting your precious time as you look for a bar to grab cheap drinks. You have come to the right page. The Door guy is cool as ice and the bartenders (especially Dave) rule. They remember you and they're awesome to talk to. The service is good too. Cheap drinks, and cheap pizza! I come here during the day, at night, or early into the morning. Funny cast of characters from all sorts of messed up drunks, loose women, creepers, and old friends you havent seen in a while( and probably wont till the next time you're back). The Charleston is a good place to start your night off or end it.
I dunno why I never came in here. $1 personal pizzas with a drink purchase. My Heineken was $2 during the happy hour. Yeah, Heine sucks but you forget all about that when you're getting owned in skeeball by some ****ing savant! I'm...I'm sorry...I just...he was so good...I'm sorry.
They have my favorite type of pizza.* There are shots of Fireball. They have SkeeBall. It looked like my friend was peeing in the ATM when he was taking money out to buy me shots of Fireball. Those all seem like they are worth a star. Except that last one, I guess. ___________ *Free.
Free pizza. What's not to like?
After a very long hiatus, I finally returned to the Charleston yesterday afternoon to meet up with some friends for trivia. The Charleston has been a mainstay on Bedford for as long as I can remember, and it was always a refuge of sorts from some of the more irritating places one finds in the ever-changing area. While it has undergone some changes over the past few years, I find these changes to be for the best: their beer selection, while not astounding, is much better, and they now take credit cards. (Yes, it had been awhile since I'd been - the red walls were still there). One thing that has not changed, though, is the steady service, amicable but no-nonsense bartenders, reasonable (for the area) drink prices, and complimentary pizza. It may not be the best bar pie you've ever had, but for free ($1 for toppings or $1 during certain hours), it's actually better than some slices at so-called "real NY style" places and certainly better than those cardboard 99-cent slices. The clientele is a mix of old and new, but everyone is super laid-back and not the least bit pretentious. Music is good. Bathrooms are small but clean. It's conveniently located right off the Bedford L, so it's a nice stop for a nightcap before heading home. There is outdoor seating, which is a plus; although if you don't like cigarette smoke, it's not the best option. Not sure if this review would be different had I not gone on a relaxing Saturday afternoon, but for now, I'd gladly return for more trivia, pizza, the company, and the atmosphere.
Free pizza, chill atmosphere, good deal on the drinks- quite lovely for a divey bar in Brooklyn! Ooo and they have skee ball for a dollar!!
The smell of pizza is intoxicating... Good thing they're only $1! This really is the place if you want a casual hang with friends on Bedford. The bar staff are all super cool, the video games rule, and there's always a seat somewhere. And for some reason, it just seems to be the perfect destination on a snowy night in the city. One of the keys to my heart is Fireball, and they seem to love it too. A match made in Heaven!
I love this bar. I went mid day on a Saturday and I though wow this bar has really great mid day drink specials; then last week I went a Saturday night and the same specials were happening. Seriously, you can get a shot and a beer for five bucks, best deal ever. Also, other drinks are either cheaper or the same as everywhere else. Plus there is free pizza. What I really liked was that the service was fast and friendly and we all got to sit down, on a Saturday night and enjoy our drinks. Overall this place is my new favorite bar and I'll be going back a lot.
Given it's been quite some time since I've come here I used to be a sorta-kinda-but-not-really regular back when I actually hung out a bit in Willysburg and lived in Manhattan - way before I even uttered the word "Yelp". This place is Brooklyn's (first) answer to Manhattan's Alligator Lounge - I say this only because both bars do the whole "free pizza with your beer" thing. That's pretty much where the similarities end. While Alligator Lounge gives you a slice with each beer, The Charleston gives you A WHOLE PERSONAL PIE. Yep, you read that right. A WHOLE (super generous sized) PERSONAL PIE. FREE. WITH YOUR SUPER DUPER CHEAP BEER. ALL DAY. ALL NIGHT. Cray. Pizza here isn't even awful - it truly is a great deal if you've only got like $4 in your pocket and are deciding whether or not to get dinner or get booze. Come here and get both - such a steal. Now, I will say - this place is still very much a dive. The music is great - but divey. The bathrooms are decent bar bathrooms - but divey. Skee-ball in the back *BOOM* - divey. Drink/Beer prices are cheap, pretty strong and served with a pleasant smirk - divey. Just writing this review makes me want to hop on in and bring friends that I'm positive have never been...definitely a fun place for no frills hanging out with a group of alcohol-lovin' pals!
First real dive bar experience, and I can definitely see why some people love that scene. Honestly, it's just not the thing for me. Too many people, really crowded, loud music coming out of the jukebox, blah blah blah. It's ironic, because their music is so loud that you can't really hold a conversation, but it's also too crowded to actually dance. So what do you do here? Blow out your eardrums? Oh, but they do have 64oz of beer in plastic cups. That, I must say, is badass. Come here to pregame, not to get your game on.
And when I walked into the Charleston it was like the bartender raised his hands above his head and screamed: BLESS YOU, my CHILDREN, my HIPSTER soul-seeking fruits of the earth that have ARRIVED! And may CHRIST BE in this PBR, and may the GOOD LORD JESUS BE in this free pizza, and behold, as I RAISE my hands with praise, I SING unto the dirty kids that BEDFORD avenue is no WASTELAND, and that you will be SAVED by your trust fund, AMEN.
Lose a finger, or lose your dignity. Choose one. Because after 5 mexican car crashes, one of the two will definitely happen. AND YOU'LL LOVE IT.
I hadn't (wait is that a word...yup, I spell checked). Like I was saying before I so rudely interrupted myself, I hadn't come in to The Charleston for like ever and now I've been here twice in the last week. Once at night and once during the day. Each time falling more and more in love. The nighttime...hmm, I think it was Sunday. Beer, yes! Pizza, sure!  I'm not hungry but you'd have to be a commie to say no to free pizza. Death metal or something on the jukebox...whatever. Good times w/ the  friends and random people. And the daytime was yesterday...we, some lovely friends and I decided to partake in an afternoon cocktail while killing time before we were so lucky to go over and see The Daily Show (that's right be jealous). As we are walking past  the bartender gives us this knowing smile that just ushers us in. Yeah, he was real cute. Again w/ the pizza and the beer and the added bonus of Led Zeppelin's The Song Remains The Same on the big screen telly. And this adorable bartender made us yummy shots that I am totally going to make for people at the bar I work at so they think I'm genius and tip me lots of money like we tipped darling boy. P.S.  Additional info: Cool bands play downstairs. The Chareleston is nowhere near The Daily Show. And the other bartenders besides the one I've been gushing about are the bee's knees too!
I can see a lot of people not liking this place given how divey it is , however thats exactly my style, so I am a huge fan. They have 15 beers on tap  and its actually a pretty decent selection too. It ranges from $4 Yuengling and Coors to $6 magic hats (yes the most expensive draft is only $6). Happy hour goes until 8PM and it means that you get $1 off your draft AND a free personal pizza with your drink. Its actually a decent sized personal pizza too (two of them and I was full for dinner). A bit of advice though.... toppings are $1 extra and its totally worth it. If you get a free cheese pizza its like they dont care at all (think many cheese-less patches of only sauce) however if you get a topping its smothered with toppings and cheese and is much more satisfying. I like Charleston because of the cheap drinks, friendly bartender, free pizza, and divey atmosphere (skee-ball in the back? #signmeup). I dont live in the area but I would like to come back here again. My only knock is on the pizza guy....the system for retrieving your pizza is kind of chaotic and the guy working the kitchen is not friendly....at all. However if you put  $1 in his tip jar he wont be openly hostile and he might even crack a small smile. However if you dont tip him, expect to be semi-ignored.
I came here yesterday for my book club meeting (yes, we had a book club meeting in a bar).  I'm amazed I never stopped in here before - I guess it's because the outside of this place doesn't seem that inviting.  But, don't be fooled - this is a cool little spot.  The interior is much larger than one would think - it's a great spot to meet some friends for a few drinks.  As you can tell from the other reviewers, there's also free pizza w/ every drink purchase, which I didn't try but definitely will next time I'm there. The bartender was extremely nice - I ordered a wine and the bottle was already open. The bartender checked to make sure it was still good, and he also made a point to tell me to bring it back if it I didn't like it.  I know it's a very small thing, but I thought that was really good service. There's a little enclosed area outside to sit if the weather is nice, which is where we had our book club. This was definitely a pretty chill spot & I will definitely be back again!
Until about Halloween, I've never been inside it, I always pick up a slice or two of pizza on the way home. I like pizza, I like eating it. There's something about NYC pizza tomato sauce that gives me the worst kind of heartburn, I regret eating it after almost every slice. (except for grimaldi's, but who can afford going there on a weekly basis). Well, Charleston is an exception to that. Their pizzas are light, the tomato sauce is not too fermentated or something, and it's the best (and yes, i've tried) after hours junk food you can get once you get of L at Bedford Ave. stop. The service at the bar leaves something to be desired. I was there at Halloween, and the music was great, and the environment was chill. If only the bartender had enough time in between flirting with couple of women who were standing by the bar, we may even have had our beers and pizzas upon waiting for 45 minutes. Never stepping in that places again. Just shopping from outside...
I usually like to hit up bars around here a few times before publishing my priceless opinions on Yelp.  But for the Charleston, one visit is going to be enough to encapsulate my feelings forever.  In fact, I think I absorbed "the essence" of the Charleston upon walking in the door.  Furthermore, I think that "the essence" of the Charleston is still lingering on my clothes. So, this joint was established in 1933, and from the looks of things, absolutely ZERO updates to the decor, or maintenance for that matter, have taken place.  This, I FEEL.  Vintage-as-f*ck.  Dive-y to the mo-fuggin' CORE.  In fact, the interior of this place looks like a haunted house.  [sure, i was there in october, i was drunk, they had fake spiderwebs strewn all over the place, but really, regardless, this place looks like an old haunted house (or maybe just a vampires' lair)].   The booze: deals galore.  They have everything from top shelf to the most bottom of the barrel shit, all quite appropriately priced.  They have everything from the headiest craft beers to ridiculously cheap beer+shot combos.   All $5: The Low-life: Miller High Life and a shot of whisky The Bandito: Tecate and a shot of tequila The Gringo: Tecate and a shot of whisky I'm a gringo man, it turns out.  All will treat you quite nicely, and will help to wash down their $1 pizzas that you can add onto each drink order.  Yes, pizza lovers, their pizza costs $1.  I happen to like Crocodile Lounge, Alligator Lounge, and Lulu's pizza all waayyyy better than the Charleston, and they do it for free.  Alas, adding a personal pan pizza for $1 to your already cheap booze is nothing to shake a stick at.   And lastly, the downstairs.  This is where the concert events happen.  I was here last week to see my first hardcore show in over a decade.  It was everything I'd ever dreamed of when I was a teenager.  Standing shoulder to tat'd up shoulder in a tiny smelly basement pounding whisky while my ears bleed.  Wonderful. Keep doing your thing Charleston.  I hope to be around in 2033 for your 100 year anniversary.  I'll be hitting up a gringo and a pizza pie for sure.
My friend Stef and I came here after Bembe to score some free pizza with our beer. (For $4 a piece, we got a beer and a personal sized pizza!) The bartender was pretty nice, though we only ordered the one thing and then sat at a table. The guys in the kitchen were more than hospitable and had our pizzas done in about 5 minutes or so. The crowd on Sunday night, when we stopped in, appeared to be an older crowd, with a few younger 20 somethings mixed in here and there. The bathroom was rather odd though, the frame of the mirror was in the shape of some kind of fairy princess dress. I thought this was a bar, not a children's dentist office? Other than the weird mirror in the ladies room, what you see is what you get. A chill place to grab some free pizza with whatever drink you order.
My definition of a good dive: one that gets you nice and toasty for little money, plays an assortment of good music (so that when you reach that point, you can't stop moving around in your seat), and is dark and dingy enough so that no one gives two shits about what the hell you look like. The Charleston not only has this but the added bonus of free pizza with every drink purchased! Pure genius. Here's why: you have a few drinks, get a good buzz, get hungry, eat pizza, continue drinking and repeat this until the next thing you know the lights are turning on and its 4:00 am. Regardless of what you were doing before or what you plan on doing after, The Charleston is one of those places that will fit perfectly into a long night out or if it is your beginning and end destination.
Reasons I like Charleston Bar & Grill... - Proximity to Bedford L (across the street) - Proximity to $3 Falafel - Proximity to Bliss - Free Pizza with Beer Purchase - Tuesday Night Stellar Trivia - Little Nooks where Mice Can Crawl Out of. - Music Space Downstairs - Nice, Ripped, Retro Booths - Nice Bartenders - Never TOO Packed - Outdoor Seating - Decent Tap List
Bunch of people who think it is cool to look homeless and act like degenerates.   No thank you.
This place will make you want to go to rehab. I'm dating a dude who likes dive bars, they aren't my thing, but I like hanging out with him enough to forget about my surrounding sometimes, as long as said surroundings aren't completely offensive. The night I went to The Charleston, I knew where I was for sure. We ended up at this place because said guy mentioned wanting to go to a dive bar, and I said "there's this place called the Charleston, it definitely seems like a dive bar, but I've never been in..." It was one of those moments when you know you're about to enter a zone to which you just do not belong, but, hey, that's what adventures are, right? That's how you find out that you belong exactly where you thought you didn't. I was right, I didn't belong, in this case, I should have kept my ass out of there. The bartender was forgettable, which is totally fine. I had a rum and coke, which he didn't screw up. The patrons, urm, I think these are the punks (by that I don't mean all homeless people) who beg for cash on Bedford Ave. I'm convinced they just take their earnings to the Charleston. If you want to hang with people who look like they might have showered in a fortnight, move one. If you don't want someone's dirty, wet dreadlock to splash on you, move on. If you don't want to be smacked in the mouth by a psycho girl who without prompting comes over and starts yelling at you and your date, move on. The best part of this place is the name, because it reminds me of the dance I've been wanting to learn, so I can yell out "Charleston," and break into a jig with my friends.
We stopped in here early on a Friday evening to get some of the hard stuff before heading over to the beer only Brooklyn Brewery.  I had two nice glasses of Johnny Walker Black at $9 each, and was offered a free pizza with each of those drinks!  But you know, having to watch the waistline and all, I only took the bar up on one of those pizzas -- and I'm glad I did.  They tell you it's a personal pan pizza, but when you get it, it's huge!  I shared it with one other person, and it made for a nice little snack.  The quality of the pizza is nothing special, obviously, but I'd say it's about the same quality as a frozen pizza that you can buy at the supermarket -- and they melt the cheese nice and hot.   Aside from the free pizza, this place is just what you would expect from a bar on Bedford Avenue -- dark, dank and dusty, with punk-charm interior decorating (their jeweled red naugahyde walls and multicolor ceiling tiles lend a nice eclectic touch) and a laid-back, young hipster clientele.  The music mix is a decent stream of indie rock and electronica, and the bartender service was prompt and professional.  I appreciate good value for my money, so I'll definitely hit this place up again for some more whiskey and free pizza!
I always seem to end up here at the end of the night. The first time I came (a Friday night), I was appalled by the music.  Katy Perry?  Gaga?  Don't make me regurgitate the whiskey/cheap beer/free pizza mixture in my stomach all over your dirty floors, Charleston.  If you're going to have a spot on Bedford, you better choose your music selection a little more thoughtfully. But alas, I gave it another chance.  After walking back from a show at the Williamsburg Waterfront on a Wednesday night, we crashed here.  They have a pretty sweet loungey spot in the back (DIBS ON THAT), lots of booths, and even a set of old school grammar school desks.  Pizza is free before 8pm, $1 after.  They have some really cheap beer/shot combos as well.  And to my pleasure, the music selection had improved considerably.  And for a grungy crowd like this, it worked so much better. I guess it's a little hit or miss, but I'd definitely chill here again.
After seeing the lead singer of my favorite band (Spoon!) at the Sound Fix (for free), my friend and I wanted a drink and some food. Because I don't hang out in Williamsburg all that much, I let my friend decide where to go. She suggested this place since we both were low on cash and she knew that they give you free pizza with your drink purchase. We walked into the place, which was a decent size, and sat down at the bar. It wasn't too crowded yet, so we were trying to decide what to drink. My friend asked about Blue Point Blueberry Ale and the bartender gave us a free sample. It was love at first taste! I loved this beer and I will order it wherever they have it now! Thank you random bartender for introducing me to my new favorite drink! We got our pizza and sat down to eat. The pizza wasn't bad, but not as good as Crocodile in Manhattan. As the night progressed, they turned the lights down and turned the music up. The bartender was great and attentive and the clientele seemed nice. I will be back whenever I'm in Williamsburg and want a cheap dinner/drinks.
I stumbled into Charleston Bar & Grill half-blasted one night to meet a friend, so if my perception of this place seems a little skewed or exaggerated, you can blame the bartenders from earlier in the evening. Regardless, in a neighborhood I don't typically visit and honestly don't really care for (no offense, Williamsburg - I don't fit in and don't care to try), well, I'll admit, I got a really good vibe from this place. The Charleston has a lot of space to work with, which is always a plus. The main floor feels a little bit like a retro birthday party of sorts, with their 1950s diner booths and checkered floor. Go subterranean and you're in a different world. Really, a bomb shelter may look more comfortable than the lower level, but that's where the charm is, isn't it? Nothing better to remind you of underage drinking in your old classmate's unfinished basement. If that basement, again, was to be used in a nuclear fallout. Apparently, metal bands play here on given nights during the week. This makes sense. Back above sea level, while it seems the big draw here is that with every drink purchased (I think it's something like $4 or more), you get a free cheese pizza, I didn't know about it until there was a fresh pie shoved under my nose. Uh, jackpot! Maybe some other people see this is as gimmicky and tacky, but I'm sorry, I'm not above free pizza - especially free pizza that is surprisingly not half bad! Hey, maybe I like Williamsburg after all? Well, let's pump the brakes... I think I just really like pizza and beer. I think I like them even more when I'm hammered. I shall return.
Cheap drinks are cool and there are sears. Not very clean, but I'd come here for a chill date or quick drinks for a birthday.
This place makes me want to poke my eyes out with one of those hot pieces of fireplace tools you're parents have at their summer house. two stars for the non-douche bag bartender complimenting me on my shirt and giving me a free drink for being a good tipper.
Free bad pizza will always be a draw for a certain crowd and well, if that's your crowd, you'll definitely find plenty of them here and in such abundance that they often ooze out onto the sidewalk forming a cloud of cigarette smoke and body odor.  The pizza is terrible and if you really need free bad pizza and a regular bar priced beer, then walk right in, but if you're really broke and hunger and alcohol deprivation are your most pressing issues, you're much better off going to Anna Maria's across the st for some real actually good pizza and grabbing a sixer of Pabst and just going home. I like the general feel of the place.  The bartenders aren't the greatest, which is no surprise, since the tips are probably bad and who the hell wants to be on drunken free pizza duty all night? The music is unnecessarily loud and tends to be some 15th incarnation of hardcore, which basically describes the bands that play there as well. I think this place serves it's purpose and the clientèle definitely seem to be reminiscent of a time in Williamsburg when it was actually edgy to live there, although most of the patrons were in diapers during that time.  People who are under 25 or refuse to progress past 25 are welcome here. The crowd is basically that guy in high school who bought a Sex Pistols shirt at Hot Topic. Whether it's sincere or not, I don't care because I don't go there and neither does anyone else I know.
I've been living in Portland, Oregon on and off for the past five years and it's pretty amazing with its lush foliage, awesome summers and its a foodie's paradise. We've got lots of great divey bars too, even some that serve Hamm's on tap (me favorite beer), with some agreeable juke boxes (The Zombies!). But you know what we don't have? We don't have bars that give away pizza and that's really what's keeping Portland, Oregon from being a truly utopian mid-size city of young people. For shame.
"Teep, teep," mumbled the man in the pizza stall as I came to the front of the line before I said a word. "Ummm," I eloquently replied. "What?" "Teeep!" he said -- not unkindly -- pointing to the tip jar balanced precariously on the edge of the stall. Oh. Tip.  Not to worry, my man, I wholly planned on it. The takeaway, 'course, would be to maybe have a little cashlove out for the pizza stall guy before you open your mouth to give your Very Important Topping Request. I'm sure a lot of jackasses ignore Cap'n Pizza... but c'mon, he's serving up your free pie! Give him some much-deserved love. Anyway. Every time I go to Charleston, my mind is continually blown that I have I somehow acquired a massive-sized personal pizza and a drink for like $5. I don't know how I'm not having "dinner" here every night of my life.
Order a beer, get a free pizza.   If you want toppings, you add them for $1. $8 for a pizza with my choice toppings and a beer ain't anything to complain about. Great place to start, or end your night.
Huge fan of the beer selection, they almost always have something from either Speakeasy or Stone, two of my favorite California breweries. They also have no shortage of Fireball, which is a great way to start/end any evening. They also made, upon request, probably my favorite/trashiest drink I've ever heard of, a Fireball Manhattan. I was expecting the bartender to laugh at that request, but he just went right at it. I'm not sure if I can in all good conscience recommend it, but I definitely don't regret ordering it. The Charleston also has the best free pizza with beer happy hour that I've personally been to so far. It definitely beats Alligator/Crocodile lounge, and really helps narrow down the drunk food selection process. Thumbs up!
Everything and everyone is "a little off."  Where here "a little off" means a little trashy. Things I've seen: (1) girl wearing a tank top in January with much side boob (2) bartender getting into a fight with her boyfriend over the bar (3) drunk girl sneaking in a 20oz bottle of Beck's and drinking it in front of the bar Why this crowd? Because it's CHEAP! And anyone who can't appreciate that should not enter this circus. My recommendation: Don't bring a date.  Don't dress up.  Come early with a best friend and $20 on a weekend, park yourself at a booth and watch the madness. Card Minimum: 3 drinks or $12 Yes.
My friend asked me... "wanna go to the charleston?" My response... "dude, Charleston isn't a place you go, it's a place you end up!" And boys and girls, that therein lies the secret to life.  So if you're out for a night on the town and you wanna have a few beverages, you might steer elsewhere, but if you're having one of *those* nights, and it just keeps going, at the tail end of said night, you might well end up at the charleston, with a free pizza in your belly and a lot of other Hydroxyls swirling around with them.
This place would get three stars if not for the whole free pizza thing. Yes, I can be bribed with food. So first things first, it's a dive bar. Nothing cool about the interior. They play pretty cool music though, so +1 there. The beer options are varied and reasonably priced - I was there for happy hour and got two Yuenglings for $6. PLUS, let's not forget, we got two free pizzas with those brewskis. Now, the free pizza isn't exactly gourmet. But it is free. And its not bad...lots of crust, but it's a pretty tasty, chewy crust. Other than that, it's on par with your average 99 cent slice place in the city. Not sure why so many reviews thought the bartenders were nice / good. Maybe we hit them on an off night, but the lass behind the bar was inattentive, gave the wrong change to the wrong people, and slow. Like I said, maybe it was just an off night. Anyway, the free pizza is why you'd come here.
Quick. Dirty. Pizza with your drinks. Definitely a good place to recharge your batteries and soak up some of the booze you've mistakenly over-imbibed. Skeeball is fun as hell, close proximity to other bars, pretty standard prices. Worth checking out at least once to see if you like it.
Free Pizza Not enough. Only the bands Bring me occasionally here. Bad crowds.
This is a true dive.  If you use the bathroom here, you should probably get tested for STDs.  Now that I think of it, you may want to do the same if you drink from the glasses, but doesn't alcohol kill everything? All kidding aside, this dive is pretty cool, cheap drinks (where else can you find a $5 Magic Hat #9 on draft?), and an eclectic crowd. There was a band downstairs singing covers when I went. The must try is the Mexican Car Crash, a margarita with a sol beer turned upside down inside.  You'll like it more for its novelty than its taste. You can order food from next door. I did not try it. The bartender was great and prompt.
This bar is a nice casual spot for reasonably priced drinks. The 10" pie is only $1 AFTER purchasing a drink. This is a good deal that goes until 3:30 AM! I would say order at least one topping or you'll get a pizza with little cheese and little flavor. It's kind of loud so talking with friends at the table may require some screaming but it's not too bad. The music comes from a jukebox so it's pretty good and has variety most of the time. I would definitely come here again.
Your standard dive bar with a young crowd. They have a few arcade games. Nothing spectacular but can't say anything bad about it. Nice place for a quick outing.
I didn't stay here long enough so I'll keep this review short. I stopped in here once for a quick beer (pitcher of Honey Moon) with some friends before meeting some family in Greenpoint. The bar is long and well stocked and they offer free pizza. There is also seating outside of the pub but its always crowded. The bartenders here are pretty friendly and I didn't have a problem with the bouncer which was cool. There is also live music here but I didn't stay here long enough to hear any of it. I'll stop by this place again next time I'm in Bedford and give you guys a updated review. Follow me on twitter. twitter.com/garygorlomi
A pretty dive-y bar, but with rather ample space-- bar and tables in the front, and something of a dancefloor in the back (though no one was really dancing.. wah). The best part about this place is probably the fact that you can pay $1 on top of each drink to get a ticket for a personal pizza pie (which is actually pretty decent). An additional $1 for toppings. The cocktails are also pretty fun and novel. I got the Mexican Car crash ($7) which was basically a margarita with a bottle of Corona upside down in it. Fun, at least until you get to the end and realize you're basically drinking beer through a straw. 3.5 stars, mostly for the pizza
Went here for Tuesday night trivia and had an awful time.  I feel bad because I think the dude running the trivia seemed like a great guy and had good intensions.  He should find another place to host it at.  You can't hear the questions because everyone in there is disrespectful and it's way too crowded for a Tuesday night.  The pizza is actually really good for free pizza but it's not worth sitting in the sticky cushions and not being able to relax.   Also, when did looking like a total coked out whore that doesn't wear pants but wears boots in 90 degree weather became fashionable?
buy one drink get a free pizza?! holy sh*t! wow. i like pizza. a lot.
I've been going here for a couple years. It's a great place to start the night because of the cheap drinks (feeling brave? try the Mexican Car Crash) and $1 pizza. It's also a great place to end the night because of the aforementioned reasons, plus it's a near guarantee that this bar will be awake long after the one you just left. The crowd is all over the place, both figuratively and literally. You'll meet lots of people in bands, hipster types, pretty girls who are considerably more dressed up than their boyfriends, punky girls who look cooler than everybody, people who are too drunk, really chill people who just want to have a beer after work and talk to the bartender, etc. The Charleston is the best on the off hours though. It's is a great neighborhood bar. A lot of its patrons have been coming for years, and the awesome bouncer knows all of them. You can learn a lot about the neighborhood by wandering in here and striking up a conversation. If you want some time alone with your beer, sit by the window or on the patio on a Saturday afternoon people watch on Bedford. That can entertainment enough, but they also have a TV which plays a good selection of cult films and sometimes sports.
Dashed in here with a friend and my girlfriend to get out of a surprise rain storm. This place has a nice calm vibe. It's a little bit dark and dingy, which if you're a fan of dive bars, is perfect. The drinks aren't super pricey by WB standards either. Also, there's free pizza with every beer! The pizza is also delicious. Not like top 5 pies I've ever had delicious, but better than almost anything you can get in New Orleans. Number one thing I miss about NYC, the pizza. I also left my phone in this bar and the bartender called my friend before I even realized it was gone. So to recap, no indoor rain, reasonably priced drinks, free delicious pizza, saved my dumbass $200 when I left my smart phone there.
When you're sticking to the booth seat so badly that you can't get up, you know you've made it to Charleston.  TOTAL DIVE. Great prices on pitchers and the free pizza you get really isn't that bad at all.   You can have three beers and two pizzas (they're pretty small) for $8.  Now that's a deal!
Free pizza. Next to the L. Good stuff.
Hmm sort of dive bar but not. Whatever it may be, I enjoyed the environment, drink prices and the personal pan pizzas! Fairly big bar with seating. Tables available and a dance floor in the back Well drinks were $5 each, so amazing. Well maybe not? This was my first official time drinking in BK rather than Manhattan and comparably well drinks are much more. Pizza wasn't free when I came like some other reviewers mentioned...don't know why. It was only $1 though and totally worth it. $1 for additional toppings.
Came here for trivia night and had a pretty good time. The place is really long and narrow. So, as a group of six, it was tough to find a place for us. The tables barely fit four people and the benches felt like they were about to give way when we were sitting on them. They have good happy hour deals, including free pizza with every drink. The pizza is then $1 after happy hour. Drinks were fine, they have a few house cocktails which were interesting. Trivia was fun. It was really really loud though and sometimes hard to hear the questions. They also had a beer special during trivia which was $4 and you got a free beer glass.
So... about this free pizza. I wasn't hungry, but nobody offered it to me. At the other free pizza bars I've been to, I feel like they're trying to make me bust out of my jeans. Whatever. Decent beers on tap at decent prices, decent music. Kind of weird kung-fu movies on the TVs, kind of awkward seating in the back area. BUT the bouncer wearing full on rubber overalls was a major win. It was only sprinkling outside, but I appreciate people who go all out.
I love this place. My friend took me here the first day in NYC. Now musically, it's not the sort of bar I'd go to (I like pop, hip-hop, R&B), but he told me they have cheap drinks and for every $4 you spend you get a ticket to get a free small cheese pizza. It ain't some BS pizza either, it's actually quite good. I think me and my friends had 3 each to ourselves, lol. I came here a few times while in town and on that last night, the bartender turned off the music and cranked up the volume on Lord of the Rings on the tv. She was in shock when I told her how I hadn't seen the films before and we chatted it up for a bit. Out of the blue, she asked me was I from Cali and with a quizzical look on my face, I said "yeah, how can you tell?" and she said, "you used the word hella." Lmso.
What can i say? Free pizza that's actually brought to you by the bartender (unlike Alligator and Croc lounges), brews, bands, and booths. You can go in there and see a cheesy horror movie on the HDTV, with the subtitles on, and hang out with Williamsburg's most leather clad crowd. Def a good place for a cheap dinner.
This bar is absolutely awesome !  Everyone so friendly and it makes you feel welcome.  It great that at night they have small pizza pie for $1 , wow !! and the drinks omg so strong but i love them .I highly recommend this place to have a good time with friends .
Um... Why does this place only have 56 reviews?! This was by far the BEST bar I went to while visiting New York. The drinks were so much cheaper than the other bars, and you get an ENTIRE FREE PIZZA with your beer! How this place has not exploded with hipsters is beyond me. Hipsters love free stuff. This place place gets an A for effort in the decor category, but whatever. It's a dive bar. You can tell they tried to get a little swanky with their decor, but it didn't really work. This place reeks of vomit/parmesan cheese, and even that didn't deter us from coming back three nights in a row. Their bartenders are really friendly as well. And fast. I love you, Charleston. Come to think of it, I haven't been to any other bar where I've had so much fun before. My favorite bars in San Francisco don't even come close.
This is one of my fav dives in willy b. Bring your drunk face or get it here. Beer and shot special - awesome happy hour. I like coming here on a nice day to sit outside and people watch with a cigarette. If they have bands playing in the basement take a second to watch em' sometimes there is just some standing water hanging around and you feel like you might get electrocuted. But that's the true charm of the place :) A dive done right...I don't know if its on purpose though.
This place is pretty decent.  I would come back for a drink or two.  It loses one star because of the bartender who was just standing around gazing into space and in her own world when there were many people at the bar waiting for service. Hopefully the service is better next time!
Cheap drinks.  Free pizza at happy hour.  Great trivia on Tuesdays.  It's a divey bar that gets a fun-drunk crowd.  I was there the other night though and it was hot as hell.  Might not return until Winter. #CharlestonSnowbird #ReverseHibernation
If you have to go to that universal cesspool known as North Side Williamsburg, then at least check out The Charleston. Another place that's been here for a while. When I first started coming here, it wasn't a flesh volcano full of hipsters. Local bands used to play in the back, and it was easy to get a seat. Well all that's changed. Bands play downstairs in the basement, as you worm your way towards a bar stool for your your keister. There's still pizza at a dollar a slice, or free pizza with a pitcher? Lordy it's been a while since I've been here, but good times were had. Bartenders, there's been a few, none to speak of though. Gyp the blood, anchor in my heart, skull and crossbones to the breeze, a heave ho to depart.
When I came to Brooklyn 3 years ago, I stopped by here and got the Blue Point blueberry beer. I lusted after it. It was literally one of the best fruit beers I've ever had in my life! Fast forward to 3 years later and they don't have it anymore!!! Ughhhh!!! Came all the way from San Francisco hyped up for that refreshing blueberry beer to hear it's no more. DANG-IT. The bartender was friendly enough and gave me a sample of "Purple Haze." It was good, but not no blueberry beer. The crowd here was very chill and reminded me of a spot I would definitely be a regular at in SF. Good music, and be sure to do the $1 pizza deal with purchase of a drink.
I fucking love the Charleston. I absolutely hate Williamsburg because I generally feel really uncomfortable around really wealthy and image obsessed people, but the Charleston is the exception to that rule. Real decent beer prices and always great music. I've seen a lot of shows in their basement, which are FUN AS HELL. (caveat: if you like metal.) The crowd is generally really good, on show nights it's basically the crowd that's there to see the band. Went to the 'secret' Rorschach show last night so there were a bunch of crust heads there. Whatever. Still great music and FREE PIZZA WITH EVERY BEER. Great end of the night spot if you're in Brooklyn, or great place to start if you plan on leaving. Definitely check the Charleston out to booze or see a show.
This place is okay.  I like the upstairs, the beer prices are okay.  The free pizza is okay.  Bartenders are okay. Downstairs where the bands play is disgusting.  Water (i hope) drips on your head.  It smells like a port-a-potty in July.  I saw one of the biggest roaches of my life when walking up the stairs.   The sidewalk seating is a plus though.
I really dig this place. They stay open late and the atmosphere works for any occasion. I can go in there alone wearing my pajamas or I can be wearing a suit with a ton of friends. Either way it always feels right. The pizza is actually alright and the drink prices are "fair enough". Apparently they have shows downstairs but I've never made it down the steps. One of my favorite SG girls did a photoshoot here and that makes me happy. This is a good place to start the night or end the night.
I pretty much consider this to be HQ for the Williamsburg bar scene.  This is the centerpiece, and well no, it's not much to look at it but it has a lot going for it.  Bands in the basement, very current Williamsburg-scene, trivia tuesdays (which are really well run and funny too) and of course the free FREE FREE freaking pizza. I almost don't want to turn you on to this place but I feel like everyone already knows.  I enjoy going on tuesdays when I can for dinner (free!) and a few drinks.   On the downside, The Charleston doesn't have a cheap PBR or PBR-like option, I believe their cheapest beer is 4 dollars which is steep for what the interior would suggest.   Also, sometimes the free pizzas are basically non-existant despite claims of every 20 minutes.  Though other times the bartenders will willingly give you several at a time so I guess it sort of balances out.   Not my favorite bar in the world, but it has a lot going for it, and it's totally a staple now.  HOWEVER NOTE: Unless you enjoy massive bar overcrowdage avoid on the weekends-- it's amateur night in that piece.
A haven in a neighborhood of douche.  One of the few bars I'll actually walk into because they play good music and the staff is awesome.  They also hold killer shows in the basement.   Free pizza with beer, but you don't need to fight the gaggle of hipsters they have at the Alligator lounge or similar bars.  The drinks are cheap and the outside area is room enough to relax with a pack of cigarettes and watch the self-conscious parade of hip walk by.  Extra points if you manage to trip one.
As a non drinker, this place was great to go with a group of drunks.  For every beer they got, I got to snag half their pizza, so I was full after about an hour.  Most of the time I've spent here has been downstairs watching bands play, which for the most part has been great.   If you're used to basement shows then this isn't much different - smells of beer, crust punks and farts downstairs (depending on the crowds beer & pizza intake I guess?) fill the air and make you feel right at home.  The speakers are at about face level, but since the ceiling is barely taller than I am (at 6'0), I'm not sure where else they were going to put them. I can't comment too much on the crowd in the bar, though if you're looking to avoid hipsters in 2009...in Williamsburg...you might have a little problem.
This is my neighborhood bar. The decor isn't the best, the crowd can be super grungy sometimes... But the drinks are cheap,  the pizza is good (cheap as well, and sometimes free!). Love the bartenders! Take care of them! So all in all: Great dive bar. Order yourself a Low Life (High Life and a shot of whiskey for $5) And let me not forget Trivia on Tuesdays!
I want to like this bar more. There's always a TON of people inside as well as in front of it having a great time. There's also a concert venue downstairs. The pizza with the drinks is also a reason to like it. BUT.... I don't come to the bar to eat pizza, to see shows, OR to even drink beer. I go for the bar trivia..... And boy, do I hate it. Those guys need to pick up the pace when they read their questions. For real, I never make it past the second round because it's THAT slow.
SkeeBall...check...free/cheap relatively satisfying pizza so you don't have to stop drinking to eat...check...good music playing...at least that one time I was there it sure was...drinks pretty standard. I was there with a few friends and we had a nice time. Not blown away but definitely ending up there again.
Dropped in here during happy hour on a Tuesday night and was glad I did. I was going to get pizza across the street anyway, so I figured why not get both pizza AND a vodka tonic? $6 later, had myself a delicious mushroom pizza and a drink, and got to chat a little with the bartender, who was possibly an owner? Manager? He was super enthusiastic about the bar. He noticed me taking a photo of the pizza to text a friend I wanted to make jealous, and he told me to post to their Instagram or follow them on Twitter. Their following online is a little sad but hopefully it picks up because this place seems super chill! Everyone was very friendly, the music was solid, the drinks were reasonably priced and strong, and the pizza was pretty delicious for bar pizza - definitely better than the crap place across the street. If you're looking for a chill dive bar that lacks the hipster bullsh!ttery of other establishments in the area, this is it. I'll be back to check out trivia night!
This has got to be THE BEST pina colata I've ever had. Great bartender.  $1 pizza.
Smells vaguely like piss, in a good way.
This place is a dirty dark bar and I kinda like it.  The bar itself is long a fairly easy to order from.  The bartenders were friendly and quick and they have an ok selection of beers.  There is plenty of seating towards the back but the vinyl or whatever they are made of is often a little sticky.  The lighting is pretty good, dark right where I like it.  The upstairs music level was also ok.  They also serve a free slice of pizza for each drink purchased but be forewarned the pizza is not very good.   Downstairs, they play concerts of local musicians.  This place is equal to the college frat basement party (only missing the foam): unfinished, exposed piping, dirty bathrooms, kegs in plain sight. - Don't take your first date down here.   Overall, go here if your favorite local band is playing or if you just need a quick drink, otherwise I'm sure you can find something better.
This place is wonderful. Firstly, last night, I witnessed a near bar fight between an old timer and 3 4'2" men. They were all fighting over the most busted cross-section of broads, it was hysterical. As I watched the live entertainment, I enjoyed my whiskey ginger (this place has great happy hour specials) and my free cheese pizza (if you're there during happy hour, you recieve a pizza ticket which entitles you to a free pie... $1 extra for toppings, which include artichoke hearts!) All in all, this place is great. It's close to the L, has nightly shows, and has a pretty regular crew.
The pricing is right at this bar, it is your great Brooklyn bar in the heart of Williamsburg. From the street you have a bit of seating on a front patio. Then inside you pass a TV playing something 80s/90s and bar on the left, with all the prices on the mirror behind it. To the right is a slot for pizza. Deep inside there is quite an open space, and seating on an elevated plateau along the wall. Underneath in the basement is a solid spot for live performances, that kind of cramped garage feel. Nevertheless, I've seen some pretty good shows in the basement. As for selection, three IPAs/Stone Pale Ales for $5 each. Blue point too. There is the $1 delicious pizza, who cares that it's one dollar?  Once I met a childhood friend of Josh Hamilton, hailing from Raleigh, NC.  Sometimes the bar seems too heavy metal. Go for the $5.00 beers.
Exciting little dive bar right off the l in williamsburg. Place has free pizza with the purchase of a drink and while it isn't necessarily the best in the world it's better than certain places whose sole occupation is manufacturing the stuff. I had some pbr equivalent that came with a lime and it was pretty tasty for a 3 dollar drink. I'll definitely be back.
Were I get dragged to be evil, good dark bar, with skee ball and pizza
Good drink deals and skeebAll. Place is dirty but that may not bother some.  Maybe not the most inviting for visitors but would be great if a local.
bands are in the basement. high life is $3. you can sit outside. note: they are doing away with pizza and will soon be serving cajun food. i expect the puke factor to rise exponentially.
HEY. IT'S REALLY LOUD IN HERE. WHAT? I'M AT THE CHARLESTON. IT'S REALLY LOUD RIGHT NOW. WHAT? I moved to Brooklyn a little over two years ago. I went Back Home one weekend about four months after I'd moved and ran into a friend who asked if I'd found "[my] new local." I said, "Yeah, The Charleston." I said this reflexively, without really understanding why I was saying it. After all, I was living pretty deep in Bushwick at the time. The Charleston wasn't quite local to me. And yet, in the months that followed, I came to realize I'd given the right answer. Time and again, while wandering around Williamsburg, I am drawn to The Charleston like a garage-punk moth to a garage-punk flame. It's usually pretty loud, and the DJs and bartenders alike play all this trashy guitar music I love (seems as though every time I'm there, I hear something awesome that I've never heard before, and trust me, I've heard a LOT of trashy guitar music in my life). There's probably not a single comfortable booth in the place; you can feel the springs inside the seats. The clientele tends to be some combination of gregarious and cranky. These two traits are not mutually exclusive. Being a loner, I've often come by and drained a couple Low Lifes (that's a High Life and well whiskey; $5) while standing on the sidewalk and wondering whether everyone around me is too cool for me to talk to. (Answer: No. Lighten up, BL. That High Life isn't gonna drink itself.) I feel like all the regulars are bartenders themselves, y'know, like they've been living nocturnally for seven years and they've seen some stuff, maaaaan. You meet characters. Rockers. Travelers. Young weirdos. If you're a dude who's into ladies, abandon all ambitions of flirting. Bit of a sausage party up in The Charleston. Whoever you're trying to sweet-talk, she's got a boyfriend. He's in a band. They're up to much cooler stuff than your band. Have another beer and deal with it. (And in any case, she's still super-interesting and funny as hell. She deejays at this other bar kind of near your place. You should drop by there sometime.) The basement is a great place to see a show if you're into stuff that's like "DANANANA, DANANANANANA" and you like the sense of danger that comes from standing in a room in a basement with a low ceiling that gives you the impression you might actually die if the place catches on fire. Now, I'm biased, because I'm in the target demographic for that sort of thing. But y'know what? I'm also not dead. I've played here, and the audience was one of the most welcoming and enthusiastic audiences I've played to in Brooklyn. Not gonna lie. Why would I? I obviously have nothing to prove. The Charleston forever, against my better judgment. EDIT: As of July 2013, I'm wondering what in the bleeding hell happened to The Charleston. It used to be so cool. There's a skeeball machine now, which is okay. There are no longer bands playing in the basement, which is sad. But where did the DJ booth go?? Why were they playing music that sounded like a series of unfocused crappy jukebox selections?? WHY WAS THE BAR CRAWLING WITH BROS AND "SUPPOSEDLY HOT" GIRLS? I thought The Charleston would be immune from the douchification of Bedford Avenue, and for a long time, it was unscathed indeed. But now, I don't know. I'd hate to see a great punk rock dive bar infested by weekend warrior types who have been dousing the Northside in recent years with their crappy bar etiquette and their crappy gender politics. I must return on a weekday evening; I came to know The Charleston as something really special, and I'd to lose it.
This is it. This is the bar that you need to see and experience when exploring Brooklyn. Their Happy Hour is a full work day. That's right mother fuckers, 8 hours. Not only are the bartenders the NICEST dudes in the world, but the pizza that comes for free is epic. I'm a Philadelphia resident and go out of my way to come here! Props guys, you're doin' it right.
Cool place! Casual with decent prices and $1.00 pizza. Will go back!
Decent place, great atmosphere, angry orchard on tap, trivia weekly. couldn't ask for any more. had a blast for wwf trivia. my bartender was a sweetheart. would totally repeat.
one of the best things about this spot is that it seems to be IMPOSSIBLE to get thrown out. the bouncer will even tell you that he's not going to throw you out, but you have to stop acting like a retard regardless. the too-hot-to-handle free pizza is great for numbing your mouth so you can drink faster. "garbage pail kids" the movie? you're really showing this? this movie actually exists? i feel like i've gone crazy, in such a good way. ps this review is dedicated to pete!
It's funny, I only started going to bars that are actually my speed recently. I've lived in Brooklyn for about... oh, eight months now... and for some reason people have really only taken me to douchey hipster bars. Now, I'm not saying that there aren't a fair share of douchey hipsters at the Charleston, because there are for sure - how could you be on Bedford in Wburg and NOT have at least some contingent of that element? But aside from that, there are mostly people of various subcultures, alcoholics, and crust punks/homeless types hanging out here. And the bartenders kinda all look like trannies - not because they are, but because like the honey badger, they don't care. They don't give a shit.  That's why I liked the Charleston. Anyone trying to contest the fact that this place is a "true dive" is out of their mind (ahem, Clint H). The bathrooms smell like loading docks on the East River and have some seriously depressing graffiti (although someone did graffiti "all day all week, occupy wall street" on one of the toilets, which is kinda cool). The bar is DIRTY, like it's never been cleaned, ever, not once since it opened in 1933. Furniture is only functional and is very ratty. Music is not ironic or hip - it's loud, piercing metal and suchlike (not the kind you find at St. Vitus, more like the kind you find on a local public access channel metal show hosted by forty year old burnouts with skullets). Beer and drinks are CHEAP - I had a Mexican car crash spilled directly on my sleeve by both the bartender and the gentleman attempting to consume said beverage, but at six bucks for a margarita with a Corona IN it, I guess it didn't matter too much. I was loathe to actually touch the bar which we were saddled up to, because it was so sticky and wet. One of the lady bartenders looked exactly like this old junkie (dude) from my old stomping ground. And yet, all of these things don't bother me; in fact, I find them endearing. The Charleston doesn't put on any airs - it's simply a place where drunkards hang out. You know I do hate though? Yuppies and hipsters and the aspiring middle class. And there's not much of that going on here.
A pizza joint inside the bar, The Smiths on the juke, and late-night dance parties in the basement -- If loving the Charleston is wrong... I don't wanna be right.
Old school dive bar.  Great juke box. Go for the divey vibe.  They also do free pizza.
free pizza awesome bartenders good music low key i like.
Surprisingly not too crowded for a Saturday night. Solid beer selection, and the ski ball is such a plus :) Would definitely go back during happy hour to try the pizza!
As good as it gets! Always great Rock music here, and they play it loud as it should be....outdoor area in the front which is so rare for a dive bar....really relaxed vibe, great place for meeting folks...like an old new york bowery bar...just my speed....
Great Place to Hang out with friends on any day of the week. You cant beat the Low Life special with $1 pizza. i think Monday night is Trivia night with a chance to win 40$ worth of free Booze. Usually filled with interesting people so if you go there i doubt you will be bored =].
Definitely a fan of the free pizza with your drink, the games in the back and local beers on tap. Definitely would not recommend for the ambiance or nightlife, but definitely a good cheap drink spot for you and your friends to hang at.
I completely DISAGREE with Monique S. calling this place a true dive. I didn't think there was anything truly divey about it, and Lord knows I love a good dive. But what I did like, was their ridiculous happy hour that ran until 8pm tonight (Sunday). $4 Beers (i think) and $3 wells, and you get free pizza when you get a drink...even if you get a $3 well drink! Awesome sauce! It's a really nice size and the bartender was very nice and fast with everything, even though she was the only person there. I really like this place and this was the first semi-nice day in a few and there was a bunch of people there and all the seats outside were already taken! I'm sure this place is the bees knees when it's actually nice out. I will be returning to figure that out...
This is the only free pizza with a beer place that I've ever been to in NYC, but the awesomeness of this concept and that I first experienced it at the Charleston means that I am giving it a good rating anyway. It stays open late, it's not that expensive, and the pizza you get with the beer is far better than most places in my current place of dwelling SF (whether that is good or whether that says something about SF is up to you - I know what I think ;) ). I also like how laid back this place is. It was a wonderful relief after walking around greenwich village all day!
Great dive bar. Free pizza during happy hour, 1$ pizza otherwise. Reasonably priced drinks, nice environment. Friendly bartenders for the most part - there's this one woman bartender with black hair and too much makeup who's a bitch, but everyone else is nice. Love the bouncer, too.
I know I won't be adding much to this conversation, but during this recession, it is nice to know that certain deals are for realz.
The music over the sound system was so loud we may have heard wrong but someone said there was free pizza with every drink, though we never saw a single slice... Either we heard wrong or we didn't know the secret code (we tried, 'hey can we get some pizza' but that didn't do much) Got some dirty looks from some kids with beards. Could have been worse.
I very much appreciate the free pizza, but if I'm feeling end-of-the-month poor, I'll go to Alligator lounge for that.  The atmosphere is packed with socially inept NYU kids, and it smells like sweaty men. It makes me miss Capone's.
Turns out this is a great place for your redneck friend from VA to pull a knife on the drunken Polish man who is picking him up by the throat after buying shots for everyone and giving your girlfriend 80 bucks at the same time you are getting into a fight outside with some Vermont guy about the quality of his state's major export commodities.
hmmm. where to begin. i went here last week to celebrate a friends b-day. she recommended. so we went. because of the $1 pizza. its not free. it was the day nyc had really heavy rain. we were sittied in the back area and all of sudden the floor was all flooded. my purse was soaked. so we asked the guy to move the table. the bartender said NO, that we just had to deal with it. and i told him about my purse and his response was "shit happens". i was mad but didnt let it get to me. we just moved to the front of the bar. but i thought that was really rude of  him. it not my fault your bar was flooding, at least be respectful and try to help out. my thought process was that we were paying customers shouldn't you be respectful to us. i tipped more the 20% anywhere i go. i will never in my life go here again just because of the response the bartender gave me. and i made sure no one goes here that i know.
This place rocks, good music live shows downstairs and pizza with your beer oo yeah that sold me period nothing beats getting wasted and sobering down with some pizza and getting wasted again. If your looking for live music or just a place to hang and meet people go here. Shoot if anyone is even bored i'd take them out there myself lol.
The Good: This bar does have a few really good things going for it. The first is that it is pretty darn big. MY friends and i found seating relatively quickly even though there were several dozen people there are already, quite a feat in the area. The drinks were dirt cheap for well and beer, top shelf was about average but i assure you i didn't go there to sip martinis. Service was okay although the bartender and bar back seemed to be a little too wrapped up in their conversation. The Bad: This place smelled terrible. Maybe it was just a plumbing problem or the improper removal of puke but it was not pleasant. The pizza was also seriously sub par but i kinda of expected that based on its price. The Ugly: The bathrooms. The massive amount of people outside smoking in a tiny area. The door guy didnt seem to care that there were as many people outside as inside. I went around the corner to smoke just to avoid it. Conclusion: Might go back if Ive already been drinking in the neighborhood but The Charleston is not a destination spot for me.
This place got a good vide to it for sure. They even got a skee-ball machine towards the back. Careful though, those dollar bills go quick and can be used for something else if you know what I'm sayinnn... the $1 pizza's of course! Although I would avoid because its bland and crappy. Go to meatball shop instead next door!
the worst best pub u can go to .  it smells like ass in there yeah?  one of the bouncer is super rude and stoned yeah? bathrooms is alright but gross. it s such a meet up spot it's literally a cross the street from the train station. but man..they managed to have good booze on tap which  is amazinggg!! honey moon on tap is so good and crisp and oh how could i forget  free pizza!!!!still manages to be a great punk ol bar haha. and the outdoor patio seating is limited. it used to be a old polish pub, u no back in the days where bartenders dressed like barbers, yep old cash register, they do take cards! which is SWEET! good ol' charleston
Been around forever
Great bar atmosphere. Free Pizza with every drink. Wii tournaments. Reasonably priced beer and pitchers.
I'm not going to pretend I've come here for more than cheap beer and cheap pizza, but for that, this place is great. Also it's nice to know one of the few Williamsburg bars with a vibe that isn't obnoxious.
"It was 2001, I was traveling through France, April it was very cold, I wanted to catch a train to Barcelona but I didn't have any money, and the bar women says "Go to Marseilles!" So I get on a train to go to the drug capital of France. Well, the point of the story is, I open the bathroom on a Tuesday night, trivia night, in Charleston Bar, Williamsburg Brooklyn and I immediately think of Hotel Titanic in Marseilles. We couldn't find a room anywhere, we slept on the beach, literally, and the next morning we walk into a shack with a dirt floor with a 'Turkish toilet' - a hole in the floor that you piss on. THAT was the bathroom in Charleston bar. The smell of feet, stale beer, and scalp ~ head cheese and second-hand smoke. Obviously the surgeon general's warning isn't heeded in Brooklyn. My ass stuck to the PVC covered booth and I had to lift my drink to keep it from spilling as the tabletop tipped. Much like being aboard the Titanic itself; I'm  seasick thinking of it." Trivia night would have been ok, had they not recycled the exact same questions as the ones they asked at Alligator Lounge the night before.
Oh, Charleston. You're disheveled. You're rowdy. You're off of Bedford Ave. But like a boy with a beard, tattoos, and beer breath- no matter what my mama and my friends say- I can't help but think you're pretty swell.
3rd stop on my Brooklyn Pub Crawl this weekend.....luckily we were already boozy, and pretty hungry...free is a great word in my vocabulary...$5 got me a Magic Hat and a whole mini pizza...life is good in brooklyn....EVEN THOUGH my beer was warm, sort of flat tasting, my pizza was barely cooked and lacked flavor and the bar looked as though they dont have a bus boy to pick up the empty glasses and pizza trays...they were littered throughout the entire bar....so I guess free doesnt always mean great, so I shouldn't complain, right? And dirty doesn't mean that I won't come back...
Someone else here said it best.  Great way to start or end a night. Free pizza with a drink. Great playlist.  Good bartenders. Reasonable prices-especially with the Pizza!
The beer and shot deals make it a great spot  to get belligerently drunk for cheap. It has some of the most attentive bartenders I've encountered in the area, too; I've never had to stand around waiting for a drink. It also gains points for having all of WASP's hits on the jukebox.
Have you heard? This place gives you a FREE PIZZA WITH EVERY BEER. I don't mean a slice, either, I mean a whole, personal-size pizza. They're quite decent, too. How many do you think you can eat? The place itself is, otherwise, dive-y (not a good thing) with a good beer selection and convenient location. Douchebaggy.
free pizza with beer purchases !!!!   so what prevented this from being a 5 star review? Flushing the urinal results in a few liters of water being thrown a few feet in your direction.  There is no standing distance that is safe!
I love this place! Whenever I am visiting friends in Williamsburg this is a must. It is literally right on the trainstop of Bedford of the L, and the decor is ugly and the people inside look grimy but who cares, it has cheap drinks and free (or sometimes a dollar) personal pizza pies. The pizza is pretty good too! If its free.... its for me. Awesome!
This place has okay decor, cheap beers, and a free personal pizza with every order. A great place to pop in after a couple of hours of drinking and get something in your stomach. This is my friend Jeff's favorite place to hang out. I don't see myself being a regular, but I am sure I will be back several times over
I mean, its free pizza.  Great atmosphere when you want to "get away" for a little whilst in Williamsburg.  I've been here about 5 times so far and its pretty much the same deal. Buy a beer, grab a seat (hopefully) and give your ticket to get a free pizza!  While this concept has been done before, this is still a chill place.  Also, the playful banter you have with people who all believe the next pie is THEIR pie is sometimes worth the trip alone.
The pizza with your beer thing is really not to be underrated
I've been to this bar a few times and never had a problem. I stopped by with my buddy  about an hour ago for a drink and was carded by the bartender, He stuck it under the black light and started to question me, accusing me of having a fake ID and saying this was a really good fake. He was extremely rude about it and said he would refuse me service for being belligerent, even though I was just defending that my ID was real, which it is. I ended up leaving. Bartender is a complete prick and I definitely wont go back.
Saw a friend play a show here the other night, my first time there.  I must say I really dig the free personal pizzas that come with the very reasonably priced beers.  I like the dark, dingy, yet cozy space which includes booths, a billiard table, and a small, intimate set-up in the basement for live music.  Interesting line-up and good sounds down there.    I'd definitely recommend this place for a chill night out and for a chance to check out some local bands.
Decent bar upstairs, but the music venue downstairs is really small and claustrophobic. Water leaking problem when it rains means the downstairs gets semi-flooded.
Just went here for a beer and some (free) pizza.  Free pizza with a beer ($4 or over) from 12pm-8pm, and $1 pizza from 8pm-closing?! Really people?  The ambiance is divey but charming.  Come on...cheap drinks & free pizza?  If you're into the ritzy bars keep walking down Bedford and you'll spend 4x as much and THEN pay for some pizza.  Me?  I'll stay at the Charleston.
Ok so I was drawn in here by the cheap drink specials and the fact that it was hot as hell out and I really wanted a drink. The vibe is decent... Just a regular dive. But when I went to go order a pitcher for me and my girl the bartender promptly told me "yeah I'm gonna need to see your ID and the ID of that little one that I just saw walk away". Granted we are both petite 24 year old females but the tone was totally rude. I didn't know whether or not to be offended or laugh at this dudes lisp. After proving our ages, which normally I'm more than happy to do as long as you don't treat me like some kind of to catch a predator bait, I had to repeat our drink order which was literally just one pitcher of cider. Also, the cook here was pretty salty as well. He kept ringing the little bell like he was gonna murder the bartender. Either way, still good prices and some awesome skeeball so worth it I guess.
This place reminds me of old school East Village (those of you over 30 will understand).   Hilarious tongue-in-cheek music, cute long haired boys, even cuter short haired gals, and the kind of place you just want to drink cheap beer with your homies at til the sun comes up.  Plus - really good hard bands.
Want a cheap beer and an entire free brooklyn pizza?  The Charleston not only has this awesome deal all of the time, but is always dependably playing some cheesy movie classic a la Robocop 2 and some interesting tunes.  It's a dirty hipster Williamsburg scene, but super fun and laid back.  Went there for a friend's DJ night on Mondays, not too crowded, but weekends its popping until the wee hours of the morning.  Simplicity is beautiful sometimes.
The Charleston isn't planting any flags in the realm of the "free pizza with every beer" category, but I do applaud their efforts. I represented with a Brooklyn lager, got my free pizza, and agreed that the formula works, and will always work. The bar is pretty nondescript without the pizza so just make sure you go hungry.
Remember when the Charleston gave you a free slice of pizza with each drink? Those were the days. I still like the Charleston for a drunken good time. It's loud, raucous, and dirty. Prime Brooklyn dive bar.
...this crazy place! Really cheap and really strong drinks, just hope you dont have to put up with Joanne. Raging a**hole! They're pretty famous for their bloody marys and she refuses to make them most of the time. You would think that she is the customer, and a rude one at that. Aside from her rude self, when you buy a drink there you get a personal cheese pizza, and to add any topping is a $1. Cool place and love the location in Brooklyn, but wow Joanne has got to go!!! I give it three stars for cheap drinks and pizza, and zero to Joanne.
This is a great bar, and I usually hate W-burg. Interesting space (despite the weird rubber seats), lots of room, cheap drinks, free pizzas. Rude bartenders when I was there, per usual, but they played movies on the tv which is always a bonus.
I dig it. Free pizza, good beer, lot's of mixed company, not too many hipsters, good location.
I think anyone that has ever been to North Brooklyn has dropped into the Charleston. I've seen countless shows here and have wasted several Saturday nights here. It's just one of those establishments that isn't exactly good or bad. It just is what it is. It's right off Bedford Ave. It's definitely a place to oogle babes.
Bars in Williamsburg are like Starbucks (how do you make that plural?) in Manhattan; there's one everywhere you turn and they're all pretty much the same. So why come here? First there's crazy netflix movies on the tv. Maybe not important to most people, but when you're here on a random night and indulging in free/cheap pizza and cheap beverages it seems like a necessity. 2) As I just mentioned, free/cheap pizza. Personal pies, cooked when you hand in your pizza ticket, and pretty good (ok maybe not vinney's good but c'mon, its free). Lastly, its right off the train. If you're like me and don't live in the neighborhood, the Charleston is a good stop to get fed and have a few drinks on the cheap before heading back to where ever you rest your head.
I came here last night before playing a show at Cameo Gallery. I totally loved it. The manager/bartender (don't know his name) was like, the friendliest dude ever. He accidentally overcharged a group of people because he thought it was 8PM and that's when happy hour ends, but it was 7:53PM and when he realized the time he told the group he would give them the happy hour prices on the next drink! I got a buy back after my 3rd beer (awesome) and he was just so cheerful and welcomed everyone in. I felt like it was one of my regular bars. The pizza was good, drink specials were great, the vibe was chill, music was awesome, and it seems like the manager put alot of effort into cleaning the place up and making it better than how it used to be. ALSO, can we discuss the delicious pickleback chaser that was all organic and fancy and infused?! Incredible. I was definitely impressed.
This joint is perfect after you are done with your night.  With the purchase of a beer (around $4-5), you get a FREE personal pizza.  My friends from out of town always want to stop by to get the most bang for their buck when we are out in the city.  Great pizza, great deal.
So what, they don't have free pizza anymore - it's still a frakin' awesome bar. I am a man of simple pleasures - I like whiskey, geek culture, beer, punk rock, food and free wi-fi. This place offers all of the aforementioned needs that i enjoy. It has good deals on drinks, and awesome kitchen in the building (Honey Chiles) and always a good movie or music playing for ambiance. Now, when I say good flick/music I mean watching 'Point Break' or 'Kick-Ass' and listening to Cocksparrer or a variety of punk or metal bands. It has an awesome patio on Bedford where you can drink, smoke, read, eat and people-watch all in ten minutes (yeah, if you didn't already know, people watching is quite interesting on Bedford). The staff and patrons, for the most part, are very welcoming and do remember faces. So, if you put your time in, they know who you are and consider you part of the pack. They always have great shows in the basement, a fun bout of trivia on Tuesdays starting at 9pm and look for the Dread-ator.
Comfy and divey, boozey and trivia-ey?  Work with me here, people.
If you go until 8:00pm, you get free pizza. Nice place with good music and beer. Not the best in Williamsburg, but good
We came here late on a Friday night this summer. We were tired from driving about 12 hours from Kentucky(Dont ask what I was doing in Kentucky). We were so glad to be back in the city that we had to go out and get some drinks despite the exhaustion. WIlliamsburg on this evening looked like a clip from Night of the living dead. There must have been about 1000's indie kids walking the streets( probably because of another music festival) everyone in their american apparrel clad. We stopped in to the Charleston mainly because I have a friend that  bartends there. The second reason we came is because they give you a free wood oven fired pizza if you get a beer. The pizza is thinner than a sheet of paper but it is free. The place is always a nice place to drink Stellas with friends and also to meet new faces. The bathroom in this place is real small and a bit awkward if your wating for spot. On this night this guy was in the bathroom forever (probably doing lines) so I had to walk across the street to another bar to take a piss so the bar loses a point on that. But then just about every bar New York would have to get knocked off. Met a girl that night from Seattle who was adamant in showing me and my friend that she could fit her whole fist in her mouth. . The security that night eventually kicked me and my bud out. Yeah we had too many drinks but we just got back from a month long road trip. Anybody who drives in from Kentucky would want nothing less than to get shit faced and attempt head spins on the floor. The next time I go to the Charleston I'll make sure Im coming from Park Slope rather than Kentucky, could make a difference.
The bartenders are rude and they need to clean their taps. Their pizza gives you a stomach ache.
free pizza? i'm in. enjoyed a nice dinner date with my boy for a grand total of 8 bucks, keep that in mind kids. cool atmosphere inside, and i think i spotted a pool table in the back. a decent selection of beers on tap, and every drink comes with a free pizza!  (though i'm pretty sure that i can drink a few more beers than the number of pizzas i can eat) good times! i'm intrigued by their trivia, which i'm going to have to return to check out at some point soon...
the pizza is a bonus, but too many "hipsters"
free god dang pizza. what's not to like. stop in for a drink and get a pie. fill up and have a drink for the price of your drink!!
i find nothing about this bar that will ever make me want to go back. i went on a sunday night to grab a beer and couldn't wait to leave. i'm a big fan of dive bars but this place is just gross. the smell of pizza, doesn't mesh well with the sweaty, beer soaked air that fails to circulate. the music is decent but loud--and i mean you can't hear the person sitting across from you loud. the clientele is a mixed bunch of tragically dressed hipsters and super wasted locals that clearly have been there all night. yes the bedford ave location is ideal and judging by my friend's enthusiasm, it seems to be the place to be. i don't know, maybe it's just me?
i used to play trivia here was ok. pizza is ok. bartenders have those far away eyes, so you know, ok. not friendly, not jerks.
The bartender was awesome and cute! The pizzas are the best ever! You have a really friendly and cool crowd coming in here. This place is totally chill where you can watch a football game with the hip. It puts a smile on my face.
If I had a fake ID in HS, this is the place I would come to as it involved all of my loves in HS....pizza check, punk rock check, and beer check.
i just went here for the first time tonight, and it is my new favorite bar.  i was put off initially by the crowd, who all look like rock stars, but actually everyone, from the bouncer to the bartenders to the random people i kept bumping into here were all very friendly. it's a dive for sure.... has some great plastic booths and some decent outdoor seating, and a FREE pizza with your beer!
I just need to update my review to give a shout-out to their awesome door guy.   He's the sweetest and knows all the locals - never once has he failed to give me a huge hug or remember something about our last conversation, even if it was months ago.  Just another perk for an awesome neighborhood bar.
free personal cheese pizza with any drink. what more do you need to know?
