Always a friendly bartender! Very attentive and quick! During the weekdays, the bartender knows our drink of choice which is always nice! Makes us hunk we go there too much haha It is disappointing when there's no seating outside but inside isn't too bad. Great music where it's always lively! The crowd is usually young. Drinks are strong enough which is always a plus when you don't pay city prices. I had an angry balls drink and it was quite interesting with a fireball and angry bird apple cider beer! I'll stick with their pineapple vodka and will definitely try their pear martini next time!
So the interesting part about this review is that I'm a regular. Whether or not that comes into play is up to the reader. *** You know when you're a kid and choosing the right lunch room table in public school is crucial for your survival? I would compare that to my last experience at Gaslight. I came in pretty late after conducting some light market research for a potential client - honestly I just wanted to work on my laptap and have a few drinks and cycle home. Mike, the regular bartender, was personable as usual. Sinead (the manager) was cool. I sat at the corner because it was the most convenient seat at the bar. I answered a bunch of emails, researched and did the things I loved the most - development and strategy. I don't usually pay attention to my surroundings or even initiate conversation unless someone is trying to actively engage me in a discussion or if I'm "drunk and vulnerable" (that takes a LOT of alcohol, and yes, being "vulnerable" is a real thing and I have no problem with being active in that discourse with regards to the concept of "choice" - but whatever). Being relatively sober, I looked up and realized that things started getting weird. The woman next to me was dead drunk- as in, chin in her collar bone drunk. Her male partner (the term "boyfriend" or "husband" suffices), was trying to lift her up in her seat, but she kept slinking down and he kept ordering drinks. Some guy walked in totally wasted and ordered a beer - He then fell off his chair and spilled his beer all over the counter and splashed it on my laptop, which prompted Mike (the bartender) to jump over the bar (albeit heroically) to the drunk man's rescue. The guy next to me struck up a conversation about Senegalese hospitality (I had let him know that I was planning a trip to the country for my non-profit), but then pushed his limits by slipping his hand on my thigh inappropriately. I'll admit, I have a problem of trying to be nice/ genuine to strangers and usually sit through a conversation until the other person gives up - he was actually a nice person. But boy, this person was persistent! Pushing the weird and awkward button a bit further, a dude that I hung out with recently (and tried to get a job for) walked in and completely ignored me- even when I went up to him to say "Hi," he played it totally standoffish high-school style. Being that he was friends with the in-house staff, I started getting hot and cold service/ fake friendliness. It was like elementary school social hell - Ha! It was an insane night - but kind of funny and it made an awesome "unfortunate but funny" story the next day to my friends! By the end of the night, I just wanted to have one drink, totally alone, with no one bothering me, so I can clear my head and collect my thoughts from both the environment and my own life. I successfully waited out the conversation from the dude who was hitting on me- (3 hour convo - bawz)! However, when I finally was able to be alone to order my drink, I was cut off and asked to leave (by the nice but slightly too affectionate bouncer guy that works there). Granted, I think I was the last customer. Then I realized something. Have I been enamored all these years by the perceived friendliness and inclusion/ exclusion nature of the staff? Have I been in a fog of nostalgia and alcohol induced euphoria (from 3 for $10 well drinks) that has made my loyalty or affections for this spot non-objective? Although good service and personality from the staff is key, the crowd that comes should also be prime and if some are suspect (and I'm not excluding myself and my own drunken shenanigans), then what is up with this place? Was my sentimentality uncalled for? I walked out of the bar and looked at the exterior. The light bulbs that lined the awning was still on and bright. I looked down on my kicks and realized that they were wet from another patron's spilled alcohol. I saw puke on the side of the street next to my bicycle. It was early in the morning and I can hear laughter inside. And that's when I realized... It's just a regular pub in a small neighborhood in the outer boroughs of New York City. Exhausted and defeated, I cycled home and ordered a bacon egg n cheese w/ sweet potato fries and binge ate my heart out! Then I woke up and cycled 30 miles to counter the binge fest while talking with my cousin from Portland, OR, who I tried to convince that I belong in a pseudo yuppie-hipster-gender equal-cycling-sustainable-solar powered-all inclusive farm/ gated community and that it is possible to be a successful empowered independent female billionaire entrepreneur-humanitarian while committing to that lifestyle - and that no one "gets us, man." She laughed in her hyper moderately conservative way and said, "I love you, but shut up." Go figure. :-) *Also, if I wanted to find WiFi and go for a post work drink and work on my laptop alone, it shouldn't be in a packed Irish pub.
Great atmosphere and the 3 for $10 special is nice but the well drinks they make are terrible most of the time. Coming here later at night just order beer for that because I promise the drinks are all ice and coke. It's a great place for some white Europeans, seems they get treated well.
3 for $10.  Come on, other than unlimited, this is close to every drunk's paradise.  They had this deal on a Sunday which lured me in.   No food, but they have menus that you can order from or bring in your own.  Little dark inside, didn't get a chance to check out the back cause of the cold. Will repeat.
I come here in a pinch. If for some reason Molly Bloom's closes early (?!?) and I'm too sober and depressed to make my way back home. There's free Wi-Fi, but this is not a bar to surf the web at. This is a bar in which to work on a real good "How did I wind up in Astoria???" drunk. The night in question started at Molly Bloom's but the hardcore drinking began here. The "oh God if I even attempt to move I'm going to throw up" kind of drinking. The "I feel better... let's have one for the road and then black out while crossing Queens Blvd." kind of drinking. I would give this bar 4 stars, but they stopped taking cards for some reason. Having to walk blocks and blocks to get to a Chase ATM is a serious disruption to my alcohol binging. Serious.
No Pretensions, Just Booze Up front, it was the 3 for $10 happy hour special that brought be here, and the fact that it's steps off the 7 on my way home keeps bringing me here.  Highlights: -3 for $10 special for select draft beers, any bottled beers and well drinks.  Don't bother with the in-house Gaslight beer, it's pretty watery, go with a bottle or Guinness on tap. -Nice Irish bar ambience, never TOO full, never TOO loud, and outdoor seating for warmer months.   -No food, so you're encouraged to bring your own food.  Souk Al Shater down the block is pretty good. -If you're coming in at the tail end of the happy hour special time frame (8PM), you can still order it up front and they'll give you little plastic cups as markers to redeem
Nice welcoming bar over in Sunnyside Queens. Doesn't look like much from the outside, but the inside has a cool brick and wood feel to it. Kinda empty this evening but probably because it was a Thursday night right before the holiday weekend. Plus, they have a really nice outside patio area which is where everyone was hanging out. Came here last night for Lizz K's UYE and was glad I made the schlep out from the UES. Plus, it was really her birthday celebration for this weekend! Had a nice little crowd of Yelpers hanging out on the patio shooting the breeze. Hey, you also gotta love the happy hour here which runs until 9PM - $10 and you get three drinks - tap beer, bottles, or mixed drinks. Good deal. Basically this is a laid back neighborhood bar. Ok beer and liquor selection, digital jukebox, nice bartender, and you can bring your own food to the bar. Worked out great since we all had the munchies and White Castle is right across the street. That Crave Case seemed like a good idea last night, but I'm paying for it this morning! Also, the bar is cash only, so hit the ATM before you go.
Why have I never gone in here before? What caught my attention was the sign advertising a HAPPY HOUR deal; $10 for 3 drinks (select drafts, bottled beers, & well drinks). What a deal! Just don't get their in-house Gaslight beer - it's pretty watered down. I don't know why this place is classified as a pub? They don't serve food but they do offer menus for patrons to order food for delivery which is pretty cool. Overall the bartender was friendly, it's a nice atmosphere, clean bathrooms, and they even have outdoor seating in the rear. CASH ONLY
Don't go. Because if you go, there may not be a seat for me. This bar is pubby, but young--and not douchey young. It's friendly with good music and chill outside seating. Four stars is because they're cash only, which is a pain in the ass.
the happy hour here is amazing 3 drinks for $10 dollars! Its never hard to find parking and there's always room at the bar during happy hour. The drinks are also made well.
It's Thursday before the holiday weekend so what must be done? Attending Lizz K's UYE! Happy hour is 3 drinks (beer & well drinks) for $10. What a deal! Lucky for me, they had Magners! They used to have Magners Pear but apparently, it's no longer in stock. Great outdoor patio with plenty of seating. Friendly bartender. Cash only.
I love the 3 for $10 special because they have Magner's and Magner's Pear (I had never seen it anywhere else). It looks like a bit of a dive bar from outside but it's really nice and inviting inside. The bartender was also really nice and friendly and shared her opinion on the pear Magner's and I thought it was great too. You can also bring in food from outside and eat it there...always a plus!
My husband and I met a group of friends here early last weekend. We arrived @ 5:30 and took advantage of the 3/10$ deal. We sat in the back and it was lovely! We really enjoyed our time here and could have sat outside all night. Our friends ordered a pizza from down the block, which made it feel more like a gathering in someones backyard rather than a night out at the bar. Service was spotty once the waitress went off shift---the bartender who took over was in NO RUSH to see how we were outside. It was OK by us since we just had to walk a few feet to pickup our drinks. Will most definitely be back!
Well, it took us half a year and a few trial and errors, but I guess my roommates and I finally granted Gaslight the honor for being our local go to night spot to chill out. There's plenty of things this bar does right including a clean but warm interior, and a friendly and attentive staff. The drink prices are nothing special, but nothing rigged as well, and of course, like any good bar should, they do buy-backs. I do actually enjoy their Gaslight Lager. It's probably just some average beer moonlighting with their namesake on it, hell I'm no beer aficionado, but at $3.50 for a pint of a rich and smooth brew, I'm down with that. Reminds me of Stella with a lil bite to it. Another "competitive advantage" (as they would say in an industry I am not a part of) is their outdoor seating. Drinking outside in nice weather couldn't be more relaxing for me albeit Bob Ross deciding to set up shop and paint a picture of sea otters. Plus, one of life's few special treats is going outside to escape a loudly pumping "We Didn't Start the Fire" (no offense Billy Joel, but I hate this song) and instead face the relaxing low chatter of people. Of course, one of the most prominent aspects of the bar that I really dig is the crowd. Gaslight is an extra difficult suduku puzzle for a demographer. There is always a welcomed proportion of ethnicity and age, a feature which I never understate in my personal bar choice. Instead of feeling like a droid in a Mos Eisley bar, anyone at Gaslight would feel right at home. Maybe we're not making human rainbows by holding hands, like some cheesy 80's commercial, but I think a great thing about Sunnyside is that it's a community that supports diversity (ostensibly...don't anyone ruin my moment), and in that sense, Gaslight is an immaculately shiny mirror.
Getting 3 Magners for $10 is an outstanding deal.  The bartender here is a really nice guy too.  I went there on a Saturday evening before 9 so I am not sure what the nightlife is like there, but the fact that 3 bottles of anything is $10 is very nice. It is pretty dark in there too, but the back is very nice.
We left the previous bar for anything better. Sitting on wet moss would have been more fun. Thankfully, the Gaslight was 2 doors down from boredom town. The arched brick ceilings just absorb light, making everyone look mysterious and 15% better looking than they probably are. Or maybe it's the good bartenders and their strong pours. The weather was nice so we sat out in the garden. It was easier to talk out there. Inside was full of people who seemed to have been ready for the picking an hour ago, and had we gotten there earlier, we would have been in the game. The vibe of the place was positive and everyone had a good time. The people at the table next to us were talkative and didn't mind us asking them a few questions and the bartenders were busy but attentive. I typically don't go in for Irish bars, but this one has proven to be the exception that proves the rule. (and what idiot came up with that saying - if its an exception, doesn't it DISPROVE the rule?)
I've been here a whole handful of times since I moved to the area.  It has good beer, a good neighborhood feel and crowd, and a great little patio in the back. They don't take credit cards though and sometimes creepy old men stare...I wouldn't go here alone!
Gaslight is on of the sunnyside bars I've been to that will have a younger crowd , most of the spot I've been to are Just late 30's + so if I go out by my house I try and come Here cheap drinks even cheaper happy hour 3 for 10 nice atmosphere and the garden is great in the summer
Great place with a nice outdoor patio to enjoy drinks outside if the music gets too loud. There was only one bartender working here when I went with a friend and it took a while to get drinks, but it was still a pleasurable experience. The Happy hour special 3 for $10 beers and well drinks kept me here. Cash only was a downer but not a deal breaker.
Ever since we came back from NOLA, E and I have been going to places with courtyards and the gaslight came up on our search. Great space and the bartenders are super nice. Happy hour price of $10 for 3 drinks is unbelievable. My inner alcoholic jumped for joy.
I went on a Friday night around 11. The bar was overly packed with no place to hang/check in/leave your coat. It was a kind of silly seeing everyone wearing coast, jam packed next to each other. The crowd was very weird, ranging widely in age... and everything else. The prices were average: 3 patron shots & 1 redbull voda for $45. The only thing I liked about this place was the music. Great music to dance to - had there been room to dance.
I wasn't even aware that there was a 3 for $10 deal, but I'm sure I got my money's worth as I downed Yuengling and Guinness. I would have inquired about their bottle selection as well, had I known this deal included any and all beers. Ah well. I also got a buyback, which is becoming rarer these days. Pretty empty, even on a Thursday night, which was great. It was never too crowded, and there was more than enough space to move around, and chat without people listening in on your conversation. Outside area is pretty neat, and for you smokers, it gives you a spot to smoke AND drink. However, they close it down around midnight, so best to get out there earlier in the evening. Overall, this is a solid bar in Sunnyside!
I've only been to Sunnyside one other time, but not to check out a pub. This bar was cool, they have a really good happy hour special till eight. Ten bucks for 3 beers. They have a good jukebox too, the new school one, that has like every song. I Also really like the outdoor seating area, which is always a bonus, and here its fairly large. Another plus is that its across the street from a 24 hour bagel place, so if your hungry after a few brews, you can head over there for a bite. If your in Sunnyside and you'd like a drink, check it out.
I'm a huge fan of The Gaslight. 1) Gorgeous bartender 2) Buybacks 3) Stone Roses and The Smiths on the Jukebox 4) Live music 5) Outdoor courtyard/patio with seating and smoking area 6) Mixed crowds, accents from the world over 7) Lux interior 8) Sexy vibes What more does one need, eh?
Walked in here thinking it was molly bloom which i had yelped.  see....i live 250 south of NYC now but i grew up in this exact neighborhood til i was 12.  anyhow, i ordered a stella.  was flat..not too good but i drank enough of it.  then i asked the irish accented tender for a food menu.  he said they dont have food but i can have food delivered.  i was like huh?  by then i was committed so then i tried the gaslight lager which was slightly better.  i think he said it was miller lite or something like that.   asked for the check and when handing him the credit card he said they don't take credit.  he let me go get cash without holding anything collateral, hence the 3 stars for flat beer and no food.
Very nice bar, came here for Lizz K's UYE. It was good to see everyone and the feature at this one was 3 drinks for $10.  Some beers were not part of this but that was mainly Guiness.  Heineken Light was really good  (the two I had) then I had some bourbon as well. I loved that it was part of the happy hour deal.  Awesome too was the deal went to 9pm.   Also- this place allows you to bring food inside the bar from anywhere else outside like Burger King or the magic word of the night- White Castle.  We ordered alot of sliders, Jalapeno cheeseburgers, Bacon and Cheddar burgers, French Fries and Onion Rings.  What a feast.  Never thought I would be eating WC at a yelp related event, and with Lizz K too ( we discussed white castle in general a few times before).   i WILL definitely return so I can get this deal again = 3 for $10. Great seeing everyone there in Sunnyside. iT was the perfect night, not too hot and not too breezy outside.
Cute pub with nice exposed brick, wooden floors and a nice backyard for drinking in the summer.  Good deals with 3 beers for $10.  Nice Internet Jukebox (lots of Alkaline Trio and Rise Against playing when I walked in, which is always a good sign :))   There's definitely a lot of working class Irish here - not that that's a bad thing (I'm working class Irish myself, as is my boyfriend), but the people we saw here were akin to frat boys - lots of guys huddled together talking very loudly about getting pussy and whose dick is bigger, bla bla bla...I kind of wanted to record the conversation because I had never heard such blatant assery in a public setting in my life.   Aside from that, good times.
There are tons of Irish pubs in Woodside/Sunnyside. Most, even on a weekend night, are sparsely packed with a mostly middle-aged male crowd. Gas Light is a much-needed exception. On a recent Saturday night, the bar was packed with a crowd of both young and a bit older with a good ratio of men and women, a bar band played typical music but still added something to the environment, and the outdoor garden was a mellow escape from said bar band. A decent selection of beers, and a good, unpretentious place to spend an evening.
LOVE the little garden and the bring your own food dealy-o! This could easily become my local watering hole if Diving Bell weren't down the block from my apartment. The buyback policy is fantastic, as are the bartenders, and the huge oak or whatever table in the front is just a super neat touch. I'll be back again and again...you think they would mind if I organized a potluck there, btw?
A decent pub in the area.  With so much competition, it takes a lot to stand out.  I stopped in on a bar crawl down Queens Blvd for a beer and just didn't feel there was anything more special (or even equivalent) to the other nearby bars.  On the other side, beer price was decent, bar had lots of room, so nothing bad about it.
Quite dark dingy irish bar! love it when you need some drinks to blow steam for an awesome price, Can't beat the 3 for 10 well drinks and bottle beers happy hour which ends at 8pm
3 FOR 10!  I'll say it again 3 FOR 10! Any bottled beer or well drink.  And they have Magners. MAGNERS.  Eff yes! The Guinness tastes freaking amazing over here too, very fresh.  Irish bartenders pair well with the Irish feel of the bar, and 90% of it's patrons are "straight off the boat" as well (no disrespect, the more Irish the better!!!). If you are a beer snob don't frequent here and certainly don't try the self-branded Gaslight beer...Also it is a Bring Your Own Food policy, so don't expect any tables.   I find myself here until 8PM, and then I stop at Associated on the way home for a 6er of craft brew. 4 out of 5 because they moved the special until 8PM only.  I know...that only leaves 2 hours to get plastered after work.  Disappointing.
Great neighborhood bar with good and cheap drinks!  There is a garden at the back.   I came and sat at the bar and found the bartender and people to be very friendly.  Just stopped by for a drink but ended up in a lengthy conversation with the other customers.   Definitely would come back again.
I went here recently to begin the night celebrating a fellow Yelper's birthday.  Much fun was had.  It's a casual neighborhood bar mostly populated with locals who are on a first name basis with the barkeep.  The beer selection is limited, and the mixed drinks are weak, but considering they cost about half what they would in Manhattan, this is not a dealbreaker.  The music was uninspired, but it didn't dominate the bar, so close conversations could still be had.  The bar is cash only though, so be aware.
Fun times. Strong cocktails. Buybacks. Chill Sunnyside hangout. Check it out.
Great happy hour, you can get 3 drinks for $10. There's a spacious back area to enjoy the weather or for those that are smokers. They also have a bunch of menus in case you get hungry and want a delivery from one of the many local restaurants.
Nice local bar. Decent beers at decent prices. On weekend nights, there is live music. It's a fun bar. Nothing really left to say about it.
The fun, laid back pub.  You will sometimes hear the revelry here from the quieter pub down the street.  Everyone seems to be having a good time when I stop by.  Always have "special" 3 beers for $10 for domestics and you can bring food in here.  Not a great selection of brews, but serviceable with a really cool tree cross-section table in the front window and a patio.
There are many, many Irish bars in this part of Sunnyside. This is the only one I go to, though. It's friendly and laid back: a neighborhood place. I've stopped in for an after-work drink and felt perfectly comfortable, hanging out at the bar by myself. Maybe the bartenders look out for me because I'm a fellow redhead. Irish guys tend to be nice to anyone who looks like their sister.
Came here today with some friends for a birthday celebration. The $10 for 3 drinks before 9pm special is great. It wasn't packed during Happy Hour (we were there for 2 hours). It's a pretty chill and casual bar. They don't have any food but they don't mind you bringing food into the bar. If you want to order a delivery, just ask the bar tender for a menu. Overall, a pretty cool bar.
Great pub. The outdoor space is a great place to enjoy a beer on a hot night. The bar area is a comfortable place to sit with friends. I especially like the table in the front window that's made from a tree trunk.
A great place to stop in and have a couple of drinks. Mostly people in their twenties.
Certainly a great place to grab some drinks with friends.  The 3 for $10 special is quite a bargain.  Even when the special is over though, the drinks are still reasonably priced.  If it's nice out, sitting out back in the garden is very pleasant but they do push everyone back inside around 12am (makes sense due to surrounding apartments).  It is rarely crowded but I have found myself having to stand on occasion (Friday or Saturday nights) which is not that big of a deal because there was still plenty of elbow room.  Only downside really is that it's cash-only so plan accordingly.
Another Irish ExPat bar, this one's more intense. Lot of people who work hard and long hours who like to play hard and miss home. Lotta service industry, construction folks looking to let off steam. Good place to grab a drink a watch some sports on the weekdays. Weeknights can span the spectrum from totally dead to insane. Service employees work weekends so it wasn't uncommon for a weeknight to be as energized as a weekend
cheap drink and relaxing ambiance, love the BYOF policy.
I'm in my mid-thirties and this is my favorite neighborhood Irish pub.  As others have stated, some nights are dead, and on those occassions it's great for a quiet drink with a friend or two.  Other times, say on a Sat eve, it's packed to the gills with young Irish immigrants and locals.  A slight working class feel, but just slightly.  The pub itself has very cute woody decor (with a fake fireplace!).  The back patio is perfect, although lots of smokers if the bar is crowded. I do think they need to improve on their draught beer list, although you can't go wrong with a Guinness here!  I always take non-Sunnysiders and out-of-towners here and they always love it.  If you live in Sunnyside/Woodside, a visit is definitely warranted.
great place to go
love this place! 3 for 10 drinks is a bonus. nice staff!
