So, as a super belated birthday dinner, my friend takes me to Twenty 3 Supper Club. They have a Groupon that's $70 for two people. Surprisingly, it includes wine, appetizers and entrees for both people. HOT DAMN! Gotta say that the decor is clubby, as is the music, but it's not a bad thing. I felt all fancy and stuff! Music could be turned down a bit, but at least it's tolerable music. We started with the "Not Your Nana's Meatballs" and the "Panko Crusted Calamari and Shrimp". I go it's say that they were both really good. The meatballs are kind of crusty on the outside but juicy on the inside and are complimented with a semi-sweet, semi-spicy Chipotle sauce. I even dipped the bread in it and it was TASTY! The calamari and really tasty and have a really crunchy coating. Lightly seasoned but very tasty. For the entrees, I had the short ribs and my friend had the rib eye. I gotta say that the rib eye was phenomenal. Crispy edges and a nice medium center , very flavorful and juicy. The short ribs were very tasty, not as juicy and soft as the rib eye, but still very good. It was rested on polenta with roasted corn and complimented the ribs very well. For dessert (you know I had dessert. I'm a fatty dammit) I had the Lemon Trifle and my friend had the brownie sundae. Finally, my dish was better than hers!!! The cake was soft, the lemon curd was smooth and the raspberry jam was just right. The brownie was good (tasted like half brownie, half chocolate cake), but mine was better! The waitress was really nice. She rated which menu items were the best. She was very friendly and was spot on with the choices.
As a Brooklyn native, I only repeat restaurant meals when they are a favorite of mine. This place happens to serve a few of my favorites and can make a killer cocktail! Not to mention the great ambiance and the staff  are always so hospitable. Absolutely love this place! Great space for events and special occasions but also a nice welcoming feel for any regular Tuesday. Highly recommend this place! Try the steak and the catch of the day- macaroni and cheese bites are killer- sangria is perfect for the summer! Oh and don't forget to tip the staff- they are beyond welcoming and professional.
Great atmosphere, very intimate. Had the salmon and filet mignon. Food was good, portions could be bigger.
Went here for my sisters birthday in March.  When we wanted to add two more people to the reservation and move the party back 30 minutes they acted like we were majorly inconveniencing them (they did move it back for us after some convincing)  After the fact, the place was nearly dead for the entire time we were eating dinner (it did come alive later in the evening) - I didn't appreciate this.  The service was prompt and attentive.  Cocktails were good. The overall concept is a bit confused, and I don't think they are sure what they want to be yet.  Food was decent but for the price I've certainly had better.  I would consider going here again but only for drinks.
My boyfriend purchased a Groupon for 23 Supper Club even though I am always weary of Groupons. However, 23 far exceeded my expectations. The Groupon was $69 for a meal for 2 including 2 small plates, 2 entrees, and 2 glasses of wine. Just about everything on the menu was included in the deal. I hate when restaurants make a million restrictions. We were seated immediately. Our waitress was very sweet. We had: A glass of red wine each (Robert Mondavi and Black Opal, definitely not cheap glasses) Filet & Lobster Maki mignon wrapped maine lobster with scallions & parsley with tangy savory sauce (very interesting combination, loved it) Kobe Sliders 3 kobe beef sliders with house cheese sauce, caramelized onions red romaine leaf & gherkin pickle (there initially came out undercooked and the waitress immediately took them back...they came out a few minutes later perfectly cooked) Filet Mignon usda prime center cut served with herb butter (didn't try it, but my boyfriend said it was cooked perfectly) Short Ribs slow roasted with ricotta salada & fresh creamy corn polenta (the ribs were tender, but not so tender where they are mushy) We made room for dessert. They have an awesome dessert selection. We decided on the Peanut Butter Explosion. I'm usually not a fan of overly peanut butter-y desserts but I thought this was just the right amount. I would definitely come back and pay full price without the Groupon.
Mothers Day Lunch !! Loved the food! Everything tasted fresh from the salmon cakes to the Steak! Cozy atmosphere and pleasant host/waitresses...! Be prepared to spend at least 200-300 for two.. ( including drinks and tip ).. With bottle service about 500.. Not bad in my opinion for good food ! Will be coming here more often! Valet Parking is such a plus!!
Came here using the groupon. It's a small and nice place.  I'm spoiled by Peter Lugers so that's my baseline for comparison.  The ambiance is nice and the lighted menu is a nice touch.  The ribeye steak was definitely a good size and tastes fine but nothing special. With the groupon I would give this 4 stars due to the value but without it 3 stars.
Went back a few weeks ago and it was even better than I remember.  It was a Wednesday night and they run a wine special: buy one bottle, get one free.  We had a Simi Cabernet that was really good.  The manager told us they changed the menu a bit since we last came, they added some different options to the entrees and made some small plates into entrees.  We finally tried the meatballs that were really delicious with a little kick.  We also had the mussels, kobe beef sliders and eggplant which were all delicious.  Then for entree I got the new dish, black squid ink linguini.  So yummy!   For dessert I had the raspberry sorbet which was refreshing after a heavy meal. I'll have to come back more often.
For a place right over the bridge coming in from Staten Island this place is so worth it and doesn't even feel like a place that belongs there. The place is so nice as soon as you walk in, small bar area but the bar is really nice and as soon as you enter the dining area it's dimmed lights, candlelight, nice candles and decor from the walls to the mirrors hanging and I love the fake white snake skin booths you sit in. The hostess and manage were really nice and welcoming. We sat down at our table and the waiter was super sweet and so helpful and even had some great jokes. The manager Mike offered us a free bottle of wine on the house which was super sweet and great management on his part, the wine was really good too. I couldn't get over the candlelight dimmed dining area and the fake snake skin booths, LOVED IT The menu was so super cool it was like an IPAD, super bright and just so fancy type. For the appetizers we started off with the meatballs, sautéed clams, empanadas, and eggplant mozzarella. The meatballs had a chiptole sauce on it which made it spicy, sautéed clams were delish! especially the juice, you had to dip and soak the bread into it cause it would just not make any sense not too. Empanadas and eggplant and mozzarella was also good. Main dish- we had the black ink fettuccine with clams, squid and mussels  which was really good. I shared it with my boyfriend which was perfect since we had a couple of appetizers prior and went through a bottle of wine. I never had black ink which is squid but it was so good, I enjoyed every noodle. Dessert- Cheesecake buttons and raspberry sorbet were both great choices to top off the wonderful dinner and wine we had. You must try both and also everything else on the menu!         I would for sure go back and try more different things on the menu and even enjoyed the workers and manager. They make you wanna come back and everything was great and me and my party enjoyed ourselves and also on Wednesday buy one bottle get one free! LOVE THAT! Great choice for a first date or even group date and they play some nice music to go with the flow of the wine!
Went here for New Years Eve. Party of 2. Prix-fix menu. $80/person for sub-par food. I don't know what to call this place. It's like a wanna-be, chic Manhattan restaurant. Decor was modern and everything but that's not the point. I did NOT like my server. I won't mention her name but it was clear they were understaffed that evening and she was overwhelmed. She seemed nice at first but the service quickly went downhill. If I'm paying for a good meal...I expect to get it. Speaking of the bill, they slapped me with a automatic gratuity charge. This annoyed me on top of the service thing. I'm not going to go into full blown details about each and every dish, but I will tell you the salads were gross. How the f*ck do you mess up on a salad?? My gf and I were speechless. There was a table next to us who also weren't so content with the food and seemed like they needed to leave. My entree was heavily salted. Yuck. I'm never stepping foot in this place again. In truth, I want my damn money back. Yelpers, go to Manhattan.
Arrived here through a LivingSocial deal and I was pleasantly surprised. I wasn't expecting much because the deal was so great, I figured the place had to be really suffering. The boyfriend and I arrived on a Tuesday night and there were a few patrons at the bar and another couple came in for dinner after us. The waitress was very attentive and did a great job explaining the LivingSocial offer vs. what they were offering, the specials and the rest of the menu as well. The food was delicious, we had the tiger striped ravioli and seafood black ink fettuccine. Both were appropriate portioned, had great flavor and tasted very fresh. I would definitely recommend both dishes. The drinks were interesting - mine was served in an ice cup and the boyfriend was quite amused. We'll definitely return if we're in Bay Ridge, definitely believe the price would be worth it.
Prior to this year, I could count on one hand (okay, two fingers) how many times I set foot in Bay Ridge. I'm not knocking the neigh, but it's pretty far from my hood and most of my buddies bunk up in other parts of the borough. But recently, I've found myself hoofing it to the near-end of the R and flouncing down Fifth Avenue toward a brand-new spot that's a solid mix of hip lounge mingling, hot dinner date, legit foodie-approved fare and family-owned hospitality. I've eaten, drinken (yes, I made that up...sure, you can use it, too) and made merry at Twenty3 several times since its opening, and have left full and feeling tipsy each and every time. Which leaves me with a substantial list of items I've tried from the menu. Small plates: crabcakes, mussels, meatballs, glazed ribs, mac and cheese, kobe sliders, lamb skewers, chicken empanadas and the tots. Salad: 23 Chop'd. Mains: Filet Mignon, Duck Two Ways and the Cod. Sides: garlic mashed, maple-glazed sprouts. Chef Fernando Lietes is creative without being fussy, bringing together clean presentation and flavors that make every bite enjoyable. My favorites from the above list are the duck, the filet (prepared exactly to order and succulently juicy), the mac and cheese and the maple-glazed sprouts. To wash it all down, Twenty3's full bar boasts a cocktail list that's a little heavy on the vodka for my taste, but offers a plethora of ingredients and flavors to please even the pickiest of palettes. Notice should be made of their extensive champagne menu and sleek lounge, complete with a very decently priced bottle service list and some high-energy DJ-curated tunes as a sizzling background soundtrack. Bringing it all together is the chic, cohesive interior design that separates the bar and lounge area from the main dining room. While the elements are all well-coordinated, there is a distinct feel between the more glamorous, shiny bar area and the warm, inviting dining room. Take advantage of their may nightly specials ($5 shots, half-price cocktails), including a late-night happy hour from 12am-2pm. Good thing the trains run all night!
I enjoyed when I was 23.  I was young, glamourous....you might say even a "baller"; because only ballers say "supper" instead of simply "dinner". You will certainly be pleasantly surprised at this new up and coming restaurant/bar in Bay Ridge.  Completely family owned by the Kass family, you will receive a grand welcome upon your arrival, a table or booth (depending upon how naughty you want to be during your meal) adorned with clean, bold, and simple place settings in their highly sheek dining area, and a menu that literally lights up for the occasion! While the warm light blue glow illuminates your dinner choices from Kobe beef sliders (an absolute MUST!) to empanadas, a cocktail greatly compliments any choice that your savory palatte desires.   I settled on the Sili-tini ($12) that was a lemoncello mix to clean my flirty, dirty mouth prior to gracing it with their small plates.  My boyfriend, being the manly man he is, opted for the Blue Steel Martini ($14) that totally awoke my senses and made me realize how much more hungry I actually was! Being the indecisive and greedy couple that we are, we orders ONLY small plates: -2 orders of Kobe beef sliders, topped with a sweet baby pickle (I told you they're a must!; 2 per order) -1 order of cherizo empanadas with a drizzle of spicy mayo sauce (2 per order) -1 order of Not your Nana's meatballs (they are pretty damn close though!; 5 per order) - 1 order of 5 spice baby ribs (5 per order) Whether you want to dress it up or keep it simply sweatpants, this place makes you feel you're in Manhattan!  The candles lit on the tables and around the perimeter of the room give it a very intimate feel, while the tiled walls show careful addition to detail and good use of space.   Beautiful meal, surrounded by beautiful people and a caring staff....I feel 23 again!
To call this place a Supper Club is a huge stretch. Its more like a restaurant that plays music overhead with a late kitchen.  That being said I don't dislike the place the service was friendly and attentive,  the food was decent and the drinks were well made.  In fact I'm  going back, good service goes a long way for me, the well made drinks helps as well ;-)
This place is a gem in Brooklyn. I live in Bensonhurst but I always go out to eat in the city. This place is just as good and swanky as any Manhattan restaurant. The attention to detail is amazing. It has a great ambiance and a DJ. The food and drinks were really good as well. I especially liked the beef empanadas and the Pink Berry Lemonade that came in a glass with a cone shape ICE glass inside that lasts for 30 mins. So cool. A definite must try. Oh I almost forgot the menu that illuminates. How cool is that?
I drove from the very northern tip of Queens to get to Twenty3 Supper Club in Bay Ridge. My girlfriend lives just a short walk away. Bay Ridge is quite a ways to go! It was over an hour of driving for me. I was pretty happy to see that Twenty3 had valet parking. Great plus! When I saw Twenty3 from outside I was struck by the fancy tiling and just the look of the exterior. It was really nice from the outside...as I enter the establishment...every step I took and every glance I took to look at the interior I was struck with awe. I was mesmerized by the waterfall behind the bar. I was looking at the texture and lighting that was under the bar counter. I was admiring the decor a lot. I was touching the banquettes. Looking at the shelves along the wall and the decorations adorning the shelves. I was taking pics in the bathroom. I loved the tiling on some of the walls. The restaurant is very chic and modern. It's very very comfortable and the ambience helps make me want to stay longer. Nice vibe in Twenty 3 Supper Club. The first thing I pay attention to nowadays is the decor. Not sure if it's because I am also renovating my new apartment. They were playing dance/club-like music which I normally like but it was just a bit loud so having a conversation was a bit difficult but we worked around it. I loved the music though, for me. Twenty3 is a really cool place to hang out and have a few drinks with a friend. From what I heard, Thursday is ladies night where they have specialty cocktails that are half priced from 5pm to 7pm.
Love Love Love Great music, delicious drinks, friendly service and trendy atmosphere. Did not try the food but will return for dinner soon.
Can I say that Twenty3 is now one of my favorite places to eat?? This restaurant have everything - trendy music, dim lighting (which makes it feel more intimate), great staff, amazing food. We went here on a groupon and for a birthday.  Everything tasted amazing, and the staff was extremely helpful - a rarity in some places.  Even when the place suffered a setback, they really pulled together and outdid themselves - that kind of dedication to the customers is what makes me want to come back over and over again.   I wish I can give it more than 5 stars, but Yelp won't let me. haha.
Listen here peeps, avoid this place. Its certainly not the worst place in bay ridge BUT it is far from the best. it was mediocre at best and I can make better food at home. Three things I really didn't like about this place was... 1. Cooks screaming right behind the doors in Spanish while we were trying to have a romantic dinner in a small restaurant. 2. "Chefs" didn't know to use the salt and pepper shakers. Helloooo a little seasoning goes a looong way and no seasoning makes for excellent English food... Bland Bland Bland!! 3. And this is the tackiest thing i have ever seen in a restaurant... We came in there were three other couples in the whole place, so pretty empty. We waited forever for any appetizers but while waiting the sort of manager and a waitress got their food cooked first and brought out to a table right near ours. They proceed to go to the table for a lovely meal while the other tables including ours waited for another 15 minutes after waiting 20 minutes already. TACKY TACKY TACKY staff!!! If all these issues are addressed maybe I would give this place 3. stars... Beware and dont waster your money is my suggestion. For these kind of prices the KFC is less romantic but make tastier food. ooh did i mention the they Filet mignon was terrible??!! And don't even think about substituting the potatoes for Tots with your dish... Apparently thats blasphemy and ruins the integrity of the dish... IF YOU WANT INTEGRITY DON'T OFFER TATER TOTS!! Ya heard they cant substitute one potato for another!!! Two thumbs down.. Im telling you people KFC!!
So my experience here was really weird and random. My friend recently went here for her birthday and got a table with bottles. I am fully convinced this was the first time they ever had to fulfill this request. We were seated at a row of tables right in the front of the place sitting across from the bar. The place is fairly small so we took up about 2/3 of the place. We were sitting in the front drinking and partying while people were sitting in the back eating dinner. It was basically like we were at a restaurant and they decided to throw a lounge right in front. Despite the weirdness of feeling like I crashed sometimes dinner, I had a really good time here. The staff was extremely attentive. There was always someone right there to help with anything you needed. Also, since we were just a few feet away from people eating, we couldn't help but smell the deliciousness of the food. We were all starving about 30 minutes in and had to eat. The food was just as yummy as it smelt. I definitely want to come back here for dinner one night. Some people really pay attention to what is being played at the bar or club they go to. I am not one of those people. I tend to just drink the night away and every song tends to blend into one another. Not the case at this place. The DJ was so awesome I couldn't help but notice. Everyone was commenting on how amazing he was. He played the perfect mix of old school and modern songs. He definitely made the night so much better.
Twenty3 is the type of restaurant you need to travel to the city for, but is located close to home. This is by far the best restaurant in Brooklyn, and would be in the same groups as STK, Palm, Ruth Chris and Morton's. The decor is great, right along with the service, This is a family owned and driven restaurant and it shows, there is not a day or night you go in there and not one of the owners is there. The steak is one of the best steaks I have ever had, and steak is my fave food, I have had many. Each time you go there you could fall in love with another of the great dishes. There is not one bad thing I could say about this place. 100 stars
I was here when it first opened in Jan of this year and I really loved this place. My experience was fabulous. Cut to 9 months later, this time it was a huge let down. I took my boyfriend to the place that I had raved about for his birthday and I gotta tell you it was mediocre at best. The food was bland and and the music had way to much bass for dining, but the people at the bar tweaking on a Friday night at 8:30 had no problem enjoying themselves. It just wasn't the romantic beautiful restaurant I remembered from January. I know no why I heard from people its not doing so great. Sorry but this was an amazing place, seriously what happened?
Amazing food and great atmosphere. The place looks great and very hip for a night out with the girls or a romantic date. The food is a little pricy, but you get what you pay for and everything was delicious! Great waitresses too
Came here for dinner, very pretty atmosphere but nothing more! Food is overpriced and quality of food is very poor! Had a steak that was drenched in butter!! Sides not crazy! I will not go back here for dinner, maybe a drink.
My second time here.  First time was ok so I decided to give it a second try.  My mistake.  Bland and over priced!
Great ambiance, warm welcoming staff, and awesome music, made for a fantastic dinner date here with a friend. We walked in last minute on a Thursday night unplanned, and were seated right away. Our server Rebecca was a pleasure to have. Her descriptions of the food & wine items were exceptional and her delivery was delicious! Literally! Huge, juicy, buttery delciousss lobster cocktail & Blue Point Oysters, then the delicious white wine clams special and the amazing crab croquettes! We didn't stop there... Their amazing creme brûlée & warm chocolate brownie were the finishing touches! Gavi to wash it all down, and some complimentary cocktails from the amazingly talented, friendly, and sweet owner who introduced my friend and I to Cavoda Vodka! See ya next week Supper Club!
Went on a Sunday evening and was greeted warmly by the owner/bartender. I was impressed with the decor, so nice! Our server was wonderful. I asked about the free Sliders (from Yelp) and although I don't have the App to present the offer, she without hesitation put in an order for the delicious Beef Kobe sliders. We shared the spinach salad with goat cheese and beets. ----very good! My son had the Gray Sole with asparagus, he was very satisfied. I was pleased with my order of Swordfish. It was served hot. The fish was fresh. We shared the Creme Brulee. I asked about the Cavoda Vodka that I had read about in one of the reviews. From what I understood, It's from the owner's distillery. I was given a shot of the regular and a shot of the pomegranate flavor (both comped). Both are used in many of their cocktails. I ordered a Martini with their vodka. Be prepared that when you view the menu  on-line, there may be changes when you actually go to dine. I was going to have the osso bucco or the orange roughy but neither was a choice that evening. Although pricey, most entrees priced in the 30's,  the servings were satisfactory. Presentation was fantastic! The music was at a volume that made it easy for conversation. If you are in the mood for a NYC restaurant, without the fuss of parking, come to  the relatively new addition in the Bay Ridge neighborhood, Twenty3 Supper Club.
First of all, service was amazing. Decor was very nice. Our server Rebecca tended to our every need and was very accommodating. The chef even dropped by towards the end to ask about how we liked our food. The free kobe sliders was awesome, thanks Yelp. The Duck Two Ways was the best duck I've ever had thus far. The Chicken Biscuit special of the day was just a bit too greasy, but very flavorful. We liked every we ordered except the dessert, which was the Pina Colada Parfait. The pineapples were a bit sour, which was fine. My girlfriend and I both thought the splash of vodka took away the flavor. I would of liked Malibu rum instead and maybe even a sprinkle of confectionery sugar on the pineapples to balance out the tangy-ness. Other then that, great restaurant overall. I did wish to try the Pineapple Shark plate, but it wasn't on the menu.
I really wasn't expecting much - I mean a supper club in Bay Ridge? Seriously? However, i was REALLY pleasantly surprised. Came here with a girlfriend for dinner/drinks last Friday. Food was AMAZING. Drinks were so good - cannot wait to go back. Decor is really cute as well. This place is a gem.
In my opinion, food is decent but prices way too high for small portions. I don't like leaving dinner hungry. I was willing to try it three times for dinner because some of the staff are nice folks I had known from another local restaurant but bottom line is the portions are way too small for me.
well i got lot of recommendations for this restaurant from so many friends . so we decided to go here for our 7th wedding anniversary and we both were very happy with everything here . the out side appearance seems like your normal restaurant front but once you walk in the sparkle and the beautiful decor and romantic setting is so pretty. we started off with some Riesling wine which was Delicious and Kobe sliders as appetizer which had great taste , Then we also had fillet Mignon   skewers so tasty and so soft  and not dry or chewy our entree was a NY sirloin with garlic herb butter melted on top of a sizzling platter it was so Delicious so tender and juicy what flavor that steak had .  we also had a side order of french fries and there mac and cheese . everything was amazing the staff were super sweet the owner checked in on us to see how we liked everything .   we were so full but we heard about all there yummy desserts but be careful they like walnuts lol . I'm allergic to walnuts and almost ordered the brownie sundae  but i decided to ask if it contain walnuts because it didn't say it on the menu and good thing there are walnuts baked in . . so we didn't get dessert but everything was amazing and cant wait to come back for another romantic dinner with hubby
Went to dinner here and it was a great experience :) Got the mussels and there were amazing !! the sauce especially-get bread to dip it in if you order it :). It is pretty dark in there but no worries, the menus light up. Only thing is althought it wasn;t crowded at all it did take a while to get waited on. But overall great experience, will be back :P
Was here for the second time last Thursday. First time came on a Groupon for four people. After the four of us had drinks and dinner one of my friends bought another Groupon for this place right at the table! My guy and I had gone home and bought two more Groupons for it the next day. Basically that's how much we loved the place especially when we don't live in Brooklyn even, my friends live in Long Island and my guy and I live in Queens. Last Thursday we called to make a reservation for 10pm, love that they serve dinner that late because we wouldnt've been able to do it earlier. We first had drinks at the beautiful bar while we waited for another two friends to arrive and the drinks were flavorful and strong. They have a pretty extensive cocktail menu which is nice. Everyone really liked the cucumber martinis. At that time there were a few people at the bar and one other table seated so was not full at all but still felt comfortable. I had a grilled octopus small plate and for an entrée had their grilled lamb ribs (don't remember the dish names exactly) and sautéed mushrooms as a side. Excellent! Cooked and seasoned exactly how I like it. Soo tasty! Everyone else loved what they had as well. The place is really beautiful, great ambiance, nice music playing and very attentive, friendly and efficient staff. Mike who is part owner, is the manager and also served the drinks at the bar came over to see how our meals were and offered gift cards for purchase and my guy swooped one up even though we still have another Groupon to use there! So will be back a few more times for sure. Mike says there's a DJ on Friday and Saturday nights, sounds like that makes it a great place to start off the night! Or just hang out there too, they stay open pretty late. Oh and we took home a good amount of left overs that I ate up the next day, for lunch and dinner, amaze balls the next day! YUUUMMMMMYY!
I came here with a Groupon offer for dinner for two. I love the decor of this place its warm and cozy but yet still vibrant. I visited on a Saturday night with the DJ mixing to top hits. My bf and I ordered appetizers I had the salmon cakes and he had the grilled octopus, both of which were delicious. Our waiter was very attentive and welcoming. While waiting for our entrees we ordered cocktails(included in groupon offer) which were very good. Our entrees diffinitely lived up to our expectations following the cocktails and appetizers.  I would definitely return for dinner with or without a Groupon offer.
From service to drinks to food - a disappointment.  Came here on Friday night with my husband for dinner. We were one of only two other couples dinning at 8pm. At first the service seemed good, but quickly I realized that this place is trying way to hard to be like an upscale Manhattan restaurant and falls waaaay short..  It was pretty funny to hear the waitress instruct us on how we should be eating our appetizer of seared ahi tuna: "Please make sure you have every ingredient in a bite... this herb on top is a palette cleanser"... Would be great advise if there was any taste to anything on the plate. The $12 cocktails were weak amd horrible. My husbands mojito was extremely sweet and my Ultimate margarita was ultimately bland. My husband's lamb chops were pretty good I must say and the Mac and Cheese was delicious. I had the short ribs which were ok. We were also given complimentary mashed potatoes and I am sorry to complain about a gift, but urgh terrible - more butter then potatoes literally. Over all - way too pricey for very mediocre food. The wait staff should stop trying so hard to be pretentious and just relax and be friendly and pay attention.
Nice date spot in Bay Ridge. Food was delish, portions are a generous size and service was good. We'd definitely go back for dinner or even happy hour (I think everything is half priced?).  Good addition to the area.
Went for my birthday with family.  The ambiance is beautiful, food was great, service superb  (Rebecca was terrific) and the owner, Michael, could not have been nicer. I hope this place catches on because they deserve It!!  Oh, can't forget the music....FABULOUS!!!  Kudos to the DJ...we were all moving in our seats (ages from 26 - 62!! )  YAY
My husband and mine favor spot, good food, friendly atmosphere.
I wanted to love this place because the ambiance is nice  and it is right down the street.  But I did not love it.  I went here because of a Living Social offer, and I was a little worried walking in the door because our choices were so limited if we were to stick to the deal  Two choices for an entree and two for a small plate.  There were other items on the menu in the same price range, and even some cheaper so I am not sure why they limit one so extremely, but I imagine there is a reason.  I would have felt much more positive walking in with even just 1-2 more options.   The ambiance is nice, and I say that even though I think we were sitting at the worst table in the place, the one right at the edge of the bar area and restaurant area.  It's high traffic and kind of caught between the bar energy and the more laid back restaurant energy, but still, I did like the ambiance. The food was pretty good, but not great, and there are other places in the neighborhood offering good food at better prices.  I am happy to pay for great food, but I am not sure I would get that here.  The best dish we tried was the small plate of meatballs.  They were very good and flavorful.  The mac-and cheese bites were very good with the topping, but if you had a little of the bite left over minus the topping, it was fried tasteless goo which is fine but not the kind of thing I am looking for.  I love cheese.  I am not sure how this cheese was so lacking in flavor.  I had the raviolis as my main course and they were good, but not great.  The drinks were very good. I was going to give the place three stars, and would based on the food and atmosphere, but I could not because we waited an extremely long time for our meal.  Extremely long.  Too long.  Way too long.  I am now wishing I tied it but I know that between the appetizers and entrees that I had time to mention 4 times to my boyfriend that the food is taking too long.  I did notice that everyone's food seemed to be delayed, and then food started to come out slowly.  Maybe there was a problem in the kitchen.  I am not sure because no apology or explanation was offered.  I am a very patient person, and I love spending time with my boyfriend.  Time flies when we are together, but time did not fly here.  It got a point that we were talking only about the lack of food on our table.  Our waitress was nice, and checked in with us a few times which made it even odder to me that nothing was mentioned about the food taking so long and which made me fear that it might just be how things are there.     I might give this place one more try because it is in the neighborhood and because I want to like it, but I am not excited about it and I wish that I was.
Came here for drinks on a Saturday night. The place was gorgeous!  The crowd was over 25 and fabulous, and the drinks were pricey but so worth the money.  The music was good without being over the top. I have been looking for a place like this in Bay Ridge for a long time.  My friends ordered the beef empanadas and chicken sliders (free thanks to Yelp!) and I ordered the sweet potato fries.  Everything was great but the drinks were the true stars of the night.  So delicious and served in ice glasses! Order the silli-tini!!  I  will return for sure!
Delicious food!  My friends and I had the lobster ravioli and the waffle and chicken was finger licking good. kobe sliders were fantastic as was the sweet potato slices( not really finger fries, had to eat with a fork) Absolutely yummy and friendly service too.  I brought my almost 2 yr old for a 630 dinner to beat the crowd.  they were so accommodating and very sweet to my son.  they didnt mind him getting up to dance in the middle of the dining area.
Chef Fernando is brilliant, Mike the manager is on point, Allison is the most accommodating, terrific Server ever!!!! It's a Bay Ridge MUST...definitely the best new restaurant HOT spot...try the crab croquet's, empanadas ...ohhh and the "ice" glass....!!!!
Walking into this place one would think that they were in a "hipper" part of Brooklyn and not Bay Ridge.  That being said, the prices are Brooklyn Heights prices and not Bay Ridge prices.  The food is good, but honestly overpriced.  I've had the fish and chips, mac and cheese, kobe beef sliders, beef empanadas, short ribs, and duck 2 ways.  All the things I had were good, but I felt like I should be dressed up and going to a lounge not a neighborhood joint.  If your in the mood to go out, but the subways are flooded again and you cant get to the city then sure this place is perfect, but otherwise I'd spend my money elsewhere.  For what I spent I could have gone somewhere like Buddakan and have the lounge ambience with great food.  Overall if your in Bay Ridge you can find somewhere much cheaper with the same quality of food.
Came here for lunch today and it was empty except for one table.  Was a little wary as it was around 2pm and I expected it to be busier.  Sat down in my group of three and ordered tater tots, shrimp po boy with french fries, sauteed shrimp, rack of ribs, and the ribeye steak.  While the tater tots and ribs were good, what actually caught my attention was the ribeye steak, cooked to perfection to medium rare as I asked and melted like butter, the consistency from the first bite to last got me going for more.  The fries and shrimp po boy were ok but I would definitely skip the sauteed shrimp next time as they lacked flavor and very bland.  I would probably go back for the ribeye steak and nothing more.
I walk every day by this place use to be Austin last week I decided to stop for a drink after long day victor's drink was so good after that day i start having drink way home one day was hungry looked at the menu found duck dish pan seared I stopped reading the menu and I order it I love ducks always order it but never enjoy it twenty3 supper club duck hit the spot definitely I am coming back for the other half and for more & more
Where do I begin? Firstly, Let me just say, I'm 100% convinced that any review for Twenty3 Supper Club that is over 2 stars is either reviewed by friends and/or family of the owner or a paid reviewer.  Complete BS. Went here for a friend's birthday last night with a party of 11.  To start with, the waitress didn't take our order for at least 35-40 minutes.  When she finally came over she was reciting a list of "specials" that took so long to finish she practically put the whole table to sleep.  We ordered small plates to start for the table and everyone ordered a main dish.   We waited TWO HOURS for the food to come out!! What comes out first? 2 random steaks!  Um, hello, where are all of the small plates?? Are you telling me it takes longer to make a grilled cheese than a T-Bone steak?? Another 15 minutes between the time 2 steaks came out and the rest of the food. The grilled cheese small plate was a laughable joke!  It was literally two pieces of grocery store white bread cut into circles with melted cheese in the middle and a cherry tomato stuck through the middle with a toothpick.  Cold and hard at that!   The shrimp was basically rubber and the $30 lobster was cut up pieces on top of crackers.  I thought I was being punk'd. On top of everything the waitress was a nasty witch!  At the end the manager did seem embarrassed and sorry about the situation but I did get the feeling he was inexperienced as well as everyone else that worked in that place.   Birthday ruined!! If I could give negative stars, I would! Never again.
I came here with my girlfriend with a livingsocial deal on the Sunday night after Blizzard Nemo. There was no one at the restaurant besides my girlfriend and I. To be honest I was a little bit creeped out and I was afraid some gangsters would bust in, but I decided since we were here we should stay. We had their Mac & Cheese and Not Your Nana's Meatballs. I thought the Mac & Cheese was a little bit bland and the only distinct flavor came from the cherry tomatoes, but my girlfriend liked them and hey, what more could I ask for. The meatballs on the other hand were very flavorful and I loved them. We then had Chicken Breast and Lobster Rivioli. The Chicken Breast were also a bit bland and when taken with the fried eggplant, it reminded me of a chicken burger. My girlfriend loved the Lobster Rivioli and hey, what more could I ask for. The only thing I didn't ask for is a second Pink Berry Lemonade. I first ordered a Pink Berry Lemonade for my girlfriend pretending I would have it because my girlfriend forgot to bring her ID. After we finished the cocktail, our waiter Jesse said I could order one more cocktail since the deal includes two cocktails. Before I could say anything, he ran off and decided I want another Pink Berry Lemonade. Nothing wrong with Pink Berry Lemonade. Just that it's Pink Berry Lemonade. Besides assuming I like Pink Berry Lemonade, Jesse was very friendly and informative on our dishes. Overall, it was a very pleasant experience. Note: Their menus only glow. They are not iPads, so don't feel let down if it doesn't react to your scrolling.
Still the best place in Brooklyn! Went there more recently, they had updated their menu. I had about every Appetizer on the menu. From their Not Your Nana's Meatballs, to the Mini Mac & Cheese Balls, Fresh Mozzarella with Vinegar & Tomatoes, to their Beef Empanadas - every Appetizer is DELICIOUS! I had their NY Strip Steak as my main course with my favorite tator tots with cheese & garlic. My favorite drink is a Pink sweet drink (I can't remember the name) but it comes in a glass that is made out of ice to always keep the drink cold which I think is very clever & I always order more than one. I definitely recommend this place when dining with friends. You can simply order all Appetizers & drinks & be more than satisfied. It's a great hang out place.
The maple glazed ribs & mac & cheese balls are the best thing ever. We went here for our first wedding anniversary, we ordered several different apps (small plates) and they were all amazing! The drinks are very cool in their iced martini glasses. We will definitely go back here very soon.
Really liked this place, good food, good service and great Sangria!
Great Valentine's Day Special Dinner and Atmosphere! Would love to try it on a regular day.
I went to this place for a private event.  The food was pretty good and the staff was friendly.  I really enjoyed the drinks in the ice glasses and the lit menus were cool.  Try the Pink Berry Lemonade if you can, but most of the drinks were good.
I went back on a friday night w couple of colleagues after dinner hour, bar seats were occupied so we were seated by the lounge area. DJ was spinning z100 or KTU mixes, at the same time we could still carry on a conversation. service was friendly and quick, I had mojito and my colleague had sangria. I can assure you my mojito is defintely approved here!(i'm usually very picky w my mojitos)  The night was slow compare to manhattan nightlife, but drinks were good and we had half off w our drinks specials!
Ate here for the first time tonight and thought it was very good. I had the filet mignon which was delicious and my fiance had the new york strip which he says was one of the best steaks hes ever had. We also had the special which was a shrimp empanada and the lobster tempura... both delicious. service was very good.... waitress brought an extra order of garlic mashed to the table and took them back without any trouble. The garlic mashed potatoes were also DELICIOUS.. The ambiance is very nice...cool menus, nice bar, good music... We will definelty be back. My only advice would be to alter the brownie sunday dessert.. the brownie was sort of dry and had huge nuts inside.. after the dinner i was expecting the brownie sunday to be better.
Went here for my friends birthday and I had an amazing time. The staff was super nice, the amazing food came out quickly, the drinks were strong and that atmosphere was perfect. If you want a chill night out or even a romantic night with someone special I say this is the perfect place.
I really enjoyed the clams and oysters at this place. I am a big seafood fan.  The decor is beautiful! and great service.
My friends and I decided to have dinner here on a Friday night. The atmosphere is very nice and relaxing, but other than that, I do not have many good things to say about this place. The night started off okay with the waitress being attentive, and very knowledgeable of the items on the menu and the specials. We ordered some appetizers, the sliders and the grilled cheeses and they were okay. Once we got the appetizers the night was on a downhill spiral. We waited a very long time to get refills on our water (which cost about $8 a bottle, and the 6 of us went through 4 of them rather quickly). There was only one waitress and about 10 tables, so we tried to be understanding. Our food took about an hour and forty minutes to come out. At this point we were starving. The waitress puts down our plates saying "hot plate!" I was very surprised to discover that the food was anything by hot. The plate was warm but the small piece of lobster on top of potato was cold and tasted like rubber. My friend got the blank ink fettucini and it was the consistency of the rubberband. My boyfriend's steak was cold as well. I informed the waitress and asked to speak to a manager. They offered to heat my lobster up, but when it returned, it was a hot plate and cold food yet again! The manager was somewhat helpful but had a very condescending attitude at first. When we asked if there was something wrong, maybe a new cook or under-staffing, he told us that we wouldn't understand the "restaurant jargon" and that we were the only table experiencing a problem. Meanwhile, two other tables were complaining about their food still not being out after an hour. It obviously was not just us. The manager offered us a drink or desert on the house but we told him we just wanted to leave. He ended up taking two of the dinners off of the bill (the lobster and the fettucini) because we both did not touch our food. It was a nice gesture but we still paid $40 a person for this wretched experience. I will never go back to this place.
I recently had my birthday party of 8 here. I have to say I was extremely disappointed by the experience that I had at Twenty3 Supper Club. We were seated at 8:30 p.m. and our entrees were brought out after 10:30p.m. That's over 1  1/2 hour later! The staff was nice and apologetic, but that does not make up for such a long wait especially since this is a small place. I have never experienced this type of service anywhere else.  After such a long wait you would think the food would be incredible, but no. The food was tough, charred, or tasteless.( Most people ordered the filet Mignon stir fry, lobster ravioli, tuna, or ribs.) To be fair, 2 out of 8 people thought their entree was good/ok. However, to make things even worse, multiple of my guests had their credit/debit cards charged a second time for an amount that was not authorized by them at the restaurant. They only found out when they later checked their credit card account at home. So not only was  the experience at the restaurant awful, my guests now had to deal with their credit card companies and banks to get the money back that was wrongfully charged by the staff. This was a nightmare of an experience and I am absolutely disgusted. I wrote an email to the manager stating how awful my experience was and I didn't even get so much as an apology for the inconvenience and hassle that they caused. This just states how much they care about their customers and service that they provide. Very unprofessional.
For Bay Ridge, this place is as close to city-ish as it can get. The electronic menus were very cool, definitely don't remember seeing that at any other restaurant before. Two friends and I ordered several appetizers, a pitcher of Sangria, and salad. The Beef Empanadas were okay, but I think I've had better ones that are sold on the beach! More authentic I guess. I liked the Mac N' Cheese bites though, just because they were original. This place is okay, but hey it's Bay Ridge. Would come here again if looking to stay local.
had a bunch of small plates. some stood out way more than the others. man n cheese bites were very good as well as the meatballs. me and my family were treated very well. the decor and ambiance is great. nice place to go with friends or a date for some apps atmosphere and cool drinks
I was here on Friday after work with my boyfriend. The decor was fab! The Kobe sliders were great! The Sangria was the best I ever had. I look forward to going back!!!
I'm puzzled why this has to be a restaurant and a club at the same time. The way it was put together, is like a bad fusion in-between them. The restaurant area looks like a bad decorator nightmare, which it wouldn't matter if the food was spectacular (you will assume because of the prices) but it's halfway mediocre. No flavor at all, and I'm no kidding. It's absolutely not worth what they're asking for. A tip: if your idea of going out for a meal doesn't include loud techno music, don't go here, Bay ridge has way to many good restaurants in the area, for better prices. This place should reconsider only being a club.
One of the best places I have been to in a long time!! The ambiance is spectacular, and the food is excellent. And if you're like me, you love a good trendy restaurant but hate that you can not read the menu in the dark (yet wouldn't have the lighting any other way) This place has the solution; menus that illuminate when you open them!! Did you ever? Why doesn't every place have these menus?? The service is just beyond words, Allison was our server and she treated us like she was our best friend. Her suggestions as to what to order were right on!!  Also, as anyone from New York will tell you, parking in Bay Ridge Brooklyn is usually a nightmare. Well, when you go to the 23 supper club, you can park right across the street in the bank parking lot...legally I may add, or you can let the valet do it for you!! The cherry flavored vodka was the best I have ever tasted. Weather you go for dinner and drinks or just drinks or perhaps just dinner, do not make another weekend pass without coming here! It's also  a great place to impress a date or a visiting relative!!
I really enjoyed everything about this restaurant.  The Mojitos were great.  Service was outstanding.  We had the calamari and shrimp app. this was very tasty.  The steak was just as good as a Manhattan steak house, without the traveling.  A little pricey for Brooklyn but it was just as good as restaurants in the city.
Love this place ! Everything from food- to drinks- to decor is AMAZING ! Enough said , definitely come here and skip the trip to the city !
I'm impressed with the ambiance and almost everything I ate...We order 4 small plates but one of them should be taken off the menu. The shrimp and chorizo on cuban bread looked like they ran out of shrimp and found a packet of pre cooked mini shrimp in the freezer isle of pathmark. The bread was dry. The short rib with polenta entre is what sold me....cooked to perfection and melted in my mouth. They have a fun drink menu but 1 of the 7 maritinis that the 2 of us ordered was horrible. The waitress took it away and never acknowledge the fact that it was a full drink and should be taken off the check...she was really sweet though but kept forgetting about us. We never got a chance to try dessert because she forgot to bring the menu and by the time she came to us we were over it. I guess its a new place so it takes time to get adjusted. I will definitley be going back for the short ribs and to try a few more tapas.
I think this restaurant has a lot of potential. Its the first restaurant for the owners and they are very involved with the day to day operations. The restaurant has a very trendy vibrant feel to it. The menu is different compared to the competition. With that being said, we ordered 5 small plates and they all came out room temperature. We sent back the last 2 to be made hotter. The plates were average tasting, nothing to write home about. We had the make your own cannoli for dessert. This concept was very unique -  only issue was the shells were not crisp. They shouldn't be kept in the fridge. The bar and its scene is very typical of Bay Ridge -  Loud 30 -50 years old, most of which are wanna-be's. Given this restaurant is only open a month, I will come back in 6-12 months from now to see if its improved.
I booked my husband's surprise birthday party here for July 19th.  I worked closely with the owner to make his 50th one of the best experiences in a restaurant.  The ambiance was really special and we were seated in a cozy alcove for 12.  My guests were already sipping great cocktails when we arrived.  We were there from 8:30 to midnight and the whole evening was fun and delicious.  We started out with panko crusted calamari and shrimp which were amazing; I think best ever!!! We then had salmon cakes and mac and cheese bites for small plates followed by salad course and then our main course.  The chicken breast was out of this world and the Dry Aged Rib Eye can put some of the steak houses to shame.  The portions were large and delicious.  I have never held a party at a place that I NEVER dined in before but the menu seemed so interesting and being a foodie and former restaurant owner I felt comfortable and trusted my instinct.  The DJ was out sick that night but we somehow had good music as one of the owners spun records for us.  We had a wonderful experience and would recommend this restaurant.   We even got to speak with the chef and got to know the owners very well.  They made it special and it was real; sometimes you meet people that are not genuine but all the people were real.  Our waitress was amazing; Rebecca got to know all of us by the end of the evening.
really great place for a night out.....delicious food, good service and nice ambiance...definitely recommend it!!!
I went for a friends birthday dinner,  and the place was very inviting. The food was great! I had the Salmon over mushrooms and it was delicious! The drink that I had was very tasty, and I didn't hear or notice anyone else complain about any of these. Service- On the other hand I did feel like our waitress was a bit overwhelmed with the amount ppl in our group. We'd ask her a question and she Would answer back in a defensive  manner which turned me off a little . I could see She was working really hard to make sure we were enjoying ourselves, and the manager and chef also came by to check in us, and I def appreciated that. On that note, I Would  go back for dinner drinks and recommend it to my friends.
Im a big fan of this place.The food is great everyone who works there are friendly from the bartenders to the manager to the servers.The food is great .this place should be packed every night a very trendy atmosphere with great music.The light up menus are great.   "Great music, delicious drinks, friendly service and trendy atmosphere."
Everything I tried tonight I really enjoyed, Kobe beef sliders, thick cut bacon, wedge salad for small plates. I ordered the veal dish for my main course which came w fried chick peas and hot peppers. The cocktails were amazing. All the speciality drinks came in a fancy glass with a ice cone insert that kept the drinks chilled. My sisters entree was not ready at the same time as the rest of the table and the waitress took it off the bill automatically. Very classy!!
The decor and food was amazing! The music selection was also great! The Mac & Cheese bites are to die for!!! The steak selection is the best in bay ridge.
This place is literally one of my favorite restaurants in Brooklyn. The decor in this venue is absolutely beautiful. The lighting is perfect and its cozy. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The first thing that stands out here is that the menus light up with a pretty glow, very cool. They have a very large menu selection from appetizers, entrees and desserts. Ive tried many many different things here and everything is absolutely delicious. My favorites: empandas and the steak skewers for apps and the lobster ravioli for an entree. I've also tried the pernil and the steak, highly impressive. I must say I was surprised, this isn't exactly something I would expect at a random supper club in Brooklyn but I highly recommend trying this place out you will not be disappointed!!!
I went here recently with a bunch of my coworkers during the week. Getting a reservation was no problem & service was right up our alley. For appetizers, I had the beef empanadas and mac and cheese, which were both equally delicious! For my entree, I tried the filet mignon stir fry. It was good, but I felt like the dish was overpowered by vegetables and not enough meat and rice. The decor is beautiful inside, but could be a little better lit. The staff was attentive & very pleasant. Definitely a hidden gem that not many people know about, but should definitely give a try!
Twenty3 Supper Club is one of my favorite restaurants in New York City. The staff is attentive and the food is beyond phenomenal. They're a bit on the pricier side but you work hard for your money and their food is well worth it. The music selection is perfect and the management runs an excellent establishment. After reading some of the reviews on here, some of you people will never be pleased and it must be sad to go through life that way. I'm the FIRST to complain about something, so I get it. However, this place, no complaints. I wish there was a "USELESS" button on some of these reviews. :) Eddie Going GoingWithEddie.com
Made reservations for a party of 6 at 7pm on a Friday night. When we arrived, the restaurant was not busy at all. However, as the night progressed, it definitely picked up. They have valet parking, but there is also plenty of metered parking on 5th avenue, and it's free after 7pm. The restaurant is more upscale and the ambiance is great. There are candles and different sorts of decorations all around the restaurant. Happy hour is usually at the bar only, but the manager was kind enough to offer us the happy hour at the table (half-off all well drinks and beer). The beer selection is not impressive, but for $3.50 a beer, I can't really complain. There's a yelp check-in offer for free beef empanadas, which were a little too spicy for my liking, but still good. The broth in the mussels was slightly sweet, and the mussels themselves were pretty fresh. I ordered the salmon for my entree. It came with mushrooms, small pieces of asparagus, and an amazing broth that really made the dish. I made sure I drowned every piece of salmon in it. I had a bite of the veal, which came slightly breaded and with arugula (bleh) and tomatoes on the side. I was expecting it to be a little dry on its own, so the waitress suggested remoulade sauce. Sauce was delicious, but in the end, I think the veal was perfectly fine even without the sauce. The restaurant probably isn't suitable for big parties, but I would recommend it for a date or for smaller groups. Prices may be a little inflated, but the service was friendly and our waitress was extremely accommodating. Definitely one of the many great restaurants in Bay Ridge.
Amazing food, drink and service! I live close by and can't wait to go back. Dare I say better than Cebu, yes..better than Cebu!! Try the bacon slab, spicy sausage and catch of the day!
We came here for dinner and ordered our drinks and appetizers. About 10 minutes later we ordered our entrees. It took over an hour and a half for the entrees to come. Everytime we reminded the waitresses they told us "a few more minutes,  the grill is getting fired up". Some friends stopped by during our wait and ordered dessert. Of course their dessert came before the entrees. The food was okay, argula salad came without any dressing. Lump crab cocktail was tasty. The paella came with peas and corn..it had no seasoning and over cooked rice. Mashed potato was extremely over seasoned and tasted like it came out of a packet. The ny strip was actually good and so were the salmon and lamb chops. The wait and service was not worth the food. Don't think I'll be returning. When we got our check we had additional items that our friends already paid for separately. They charged us a group service charge for 8 people when there was only 6 of us.
I hosted my birthday here last night. From the moment i chose this place i knew i made the right decision. Michael was so helpful, answered all my emails and questions and put together a fantastic menu within my budget. The food was amazing. Every one texted and called me  all day to tell me how delicious and interesting the food was. From now on i will not havea party anywhere else....and i will frequent this restaurant. the staff was so attentive and the service was on point. I was thrilled with this place. Go!
