Great drink specials and a friendly atmosphere! I can't think of a better place to watch a soccer game in park slope!
Every time I decide to go out drinking in the Slope I always end up at the Monro Pub, and let me tell you it is a pretty awesome spot. The staff is super friendly and even open to drink mixing suggestions, they have board games and it's never over or under crowded, always just enough people to have a good time. I still remember the first time I visited this bar, it was almost a year ago and they were in fact playing porn of some sort on their TVs, like old school porn, hilarious. If you haven't visited this bar you must at least once to play one of their fun board games, see whatever they decide to display on their tvs or to just have a good drink, it sure isn't going to disappoint.
I came here last night with a bunch of friends and had a blast. We took advantage of the stack of games and played Scrabble for a while before switching to Uno. I was also pretty happy with the beer selection. When the other girls in my group and I decided it was time to take a shot and couldn't figure out what we wanted after learning that they were out of Fireball, the bartender was super friendly and helpful (and suggested we try some maple syrup flavored alcohol... I forget what it was called but it was really delicious and we all loved it. Way to go bartender lady!) Not only that, but the music playing was also AWESOME and we definitely couldn't help but sing along to some long-time favorites that came on. The bathrooms were also SUPER clean, which definitely earned The Monro a whole bunch of bonus points in my book! Between the great staff, the laid-back/cool/awesome pub atmosphere, the clean bathrooms, and the beer selection, I'd definitely come back-- I really can't think of any complaints about this place. Besides, I didn't get to try a meat pie this time, and that seems like something that definitely needs to happen.
The last time that i was here,i posted a few pictures along with my review. However i was advised that the pictures were unsuitable and therefore YELP pulled the pictures from the review post. I thought that this was uncalled for,  but what can I do. :-\  :-(
***This here review is kind of a big deal ... it marks #300. I've been reserving this spot for some time now. Merry Christmas to The Monro Pub, enjoy!*** Let me preface this review by saying this: I've been to a lot of bars. A lot of bars in both Park Slope and in South Slope bars to be precise. What is my point you ask? My point is this: They're all the same. Same lousy bartenders who really want to be anywhere but there, same disgusting tiny bathrooms, same creepishly dimly lit interiors... Who needs that? Not I. The Monro is different. It's a goddamn pub. There are no frills*. It's cozy, it's comfy**. Go there twice and you'll never be forgotten. Because that's how the bartenders are there. They don't forget you. Bring a date. Get cozy & listen to Vinny or Charlie's ridiculous accents that you can barely understand. Laugh, embrace it. Look to your right, look to your left... I guarantee if you spend a little time and open up you'll leave there with a few more friends than you came with. I know I have. You can choose to admire or ignore the taxidermy adorning the walls, but I find them particularly charming depending on the holiday. Especially creepy during Halloween, festive during Christmas season, and lovey dovey during the month of February.  Whatever you do though - do not forget to make a trip to the bathroom. Seriously, this bar touts the finest looking/smelling & cleanliest bathrooms in all of NYC bars. Show up on a Saturday or Sunday morning when Liverpool is playing. Order a coffee (or a beer) either way you won't be judged. Just don't cheer for the wrong side or you may have to answer to the loyal Liverpool fans who just crawled out of bed, un-showered and unkempt, just to support their beloved Reds. Show up on a Tuesday with a group of your brightest friends and secure a booth early...because the trivia there is not only fun & challenging, but extremely popular among the Park Slope crowd. I've basically withdrawn myself from Tuesday nights entirely because I do not enjoy the feelings of inadequacy I have after securing the minimum amount of points possible round after round. The crowd is eclectic to say the least. But I've come to find that the better bars along 5th Avenue tend to go along those lines. I appreciate the different age groups melding together and getting along over a pint or two. It definitely gives the place more of a neighborhood feel. You never feel out of place there (compared to the hipster spots nearby). The draught beer is your everyday Euro selection, for the most part***. Weihenstephan, Blackthorn (cider), Guinness, Boddingtons, Belhaven, etc.. Honestly, I prefer their bottled selection  instead. They rotate special selections quite often and I've learned to appreciate that. The well-crafted cocktails are pretty delicious too - and the pours are always generous. --- *Unless you count that sweet pinball machine in the back of the bar. Oh, and the numerous board games stacked up near the jukebox. Or the fact that you get a sweet game of Cards Against Humanity going on any given night. **That may change a bit when they finally open up that sweet backyard. ***Thank God they have finally added some good 'Murican beers to their selection. I hear they even got Sly Fox Christmas Ale on tap.
This is my favorite bar in South Slope hands down.  I LOVE the music (they play ska/punk rock) and every time I have come here, there is a table or booth available.   They also have a ton of boardgames (jenga, connect 4, guess who, scrabble), the bartenders are great, and my tab is always way less than I am expecting.  :)
Very friendly bartenders, good beer selection, great ambience. I always enjoy trying out the many excellent brews poured by Monroe's excellent staff. Good stable of beer with one tap rotating. Good prices Good people, Good times.
+++ Staff is super friendly. Really good atmosphere; laid back but well kept and casual. CLEAN BATHROOMS!! They have cider! Juke box with really good music. PACMAN Attractive staff! My husband thinks the owner/bartender with the tattoo sleeve is a stud! Trivia night & Open Mic Night. The pies are so delicious. Victorian Lemonade - TRY IT!! Also, I have invited and met up with around 20 people here and it was a perfect space for it (for drinkers and non-drinkers). Even if you don't drink, there is plenty of space and tons of delicious snacks, so you don't feel left out hanging with your drinking friends. The seating is varied - with really large booths that fit fat folks and taller tables with high seating.
Very relaxed place with a cool crowd and great bartenders.  Bathroom was clean! Shots are reasonably priced.  Being reasonably consumed is another story...
My neighborhood local for a while now! I found it shortly after they opened and keep coming back. Great beers, pies, and even met my girlfriend there! Staff is awesome and I recommend this place to everyone!
This is a new-ish, Anglo pub with a decidedly "Scouse"(1) leaning.  Dark wood interior, some low lighting, bar in the front, tables in the back (including a seated Ms. Pac Man video console!), and a garden patio in the rear. I came in at an off-time, so it was very quiet.  They have Boddington's on tap, so that was a win for me right off the bat.  Friendly bar keep and fair prices.  Premier League matches were on all the TV sets, so it would appear this is also a good spot to catch some footy, but proceed with caution if you're from Manchester (2). (1) The dialect, accent, and pride of those hailing from Liverpool, England. (2) Liverpool's fiercest and most detested rival.
Great little place.  Bartender was friendly and made me a perfect drink with just a few directions of what I liked.  Very clean! I would come back!
Can't think of another bar in Park Slope nearly as cozy as The Monro. Dark. Intimate-ish. English brews (Boddingtons, Old Golden Hen, Newcastle Werewolf) and meat pies (the pork pie was actually fantastic), Ms. PacMan, tables at the back, football on the tellie, and friendly staff (I can think of one heartthrob in particular). I feel like aside from it's English leanings, it's as close as you can get to a cozy neighborhood pub in Park Slope. Prices are reasonable, though it's lacking a good Scotch selection for an Anglopub. I've never left The Monro without a solid buzz and a smile on my face. That should speak for itself.
"Making your way in the world today takes everything you've got. Taking a break from all your worries, sure would help a lot. Wouldn't you like to get away? Sometimes you want to go, Where everybody knows your name, and they're always glad you came. You wanna be where you can see, our troubles are all the same You wanna be where everybody knows Your name." YES...it's that kind of place!  That's all I got to say about that.
A bar without pretense in the best way possible. Good properly priced beer selection. Jackalope horn taxidermy. The owner is British. They have crumpets. The bartenders aren't aloof hipsters. A welcome change on 5th. Try the Belgian beer in the tropicalé style tall-boy can. $4 bucks or so and comes with a pineapple wedge. Little, yellow, different.
The bartenders were so sweet, friendly and know how to make a drink.  Had some awesome chips, and the prices are great!  A nice gem to the area!  P.S. The bathrooms are so freakin nice!!!!!!!!!  Happy Hour from 4-8...can't beat that!  Good beer selection as well. Update...meet the owners the other day...so nice!
There's a stretch of 5th Ave that has seen a lot of openings and re-openings of pubs and other nightlife joints.  The Monro had kinda slid in between these physically.  In fact I've been walking by it for a couple of weeks. All the pubs of 5th Ave. are promoting drink specials.  I was drawn in by the promise of British treats.  Scotch Eggs.  Meat Pies.  Are they serious? Yes they are.  It's owned by a former Liverpudlian so there's definitely an English theme to the place, but not over-the-top like other pubs.  This place is more sleek and modern, and very compact.  You come here for a conversation, not to sit quietly in a corner.  Great staff as well :) I shall return for a drink and meat pie.
This is exactly what I've been missing in my life- a nice grounded, solid pub! Cozy atmosphere, couple of old men, mounted animal heads, friendly staff, the promise of crisps.... what more do you want. Also the bathrooms in this bar are shockingly clean and smell like cookies.
I don't require much of my bar experience. I need booze, a seat, and a bartender that cares I'm alive. This place had none of the booze I wanted. Come on, Ketel on the rocks is not a ridiculous request. I had a seat. The bartender was a doucehbag. He made fun of me, and argued with everything I said, even though the first thing out of my mouth, verbatim, was: HEY, WELCOME TO THE NEIGHBORHOOD, THIS PLACE LOOKS COOL. But, I hear he has since been fired for being a dick.
The meat pies are outstanding, as well as the chips they have there. The owners are two of the nicest people you could meet. Being a LFC (Liverpool Football Club) supporter, I always get along with them. They also have the occasional special guest bartender, which are usually members of local legendary NYC punk bands. Did I mention the fancy bathrooms? No? Well they're fancy, and a much welcome change from the typical gross bathrooms you can find around the city's bars.
Cool bar with some great beers on tap and available in bottles. Bartender Vinny is nice and willing to educate on beers. Comfy decor and trivia night was funny with their MC, Tom. Will return for a beer and watch good sports on their TVs.
I had such a good time here the other night with my friends. It was a last minute thing and they were already deep into their third and fourth drinks but I stopped by anyway. All I ask is that a bartender help me when I can't pick a beer and the nice girl behind the bar assisted me in finding something delicious. All hell broke loose when someone started buying alt. rock songs from the jukebox from when I was in high school. Angsty drunk singing had by all = a real good time.
I'm not sure why I waited so long to check out the Monro, considering I could walk there from my apartment in the amount of time it takes to brush my teeth. Not that I would brush my teeth right before drinking beer; that'd taste weird. But the point is, for South Slopers, it's a convenient and often overlooked bar. Maybe it's because it advertises itself as a European soccer bar (or it did when it first opened). Having spent some time in European soccer bars, I know that they are a) fun and b) not for the faint of heart. Monro has a good number of draught and bottled beers, some pinball, and giant booths. If you're with a beer-drinking group, this might be a fun place to spend an hour. It looks tiny from the outside, but like so many NY spots, it's long and narrow on the inside. I wasn't hugely impressed with the service (bartenders seemed more interested in chatting with their regulars - because this is a place that has hardcore regulars) but then again, I don't look like a big football fan. In either the American or European sense.
Really fabulous place. I'm an admitted anglophile in some respects, but I really just love this cozy bar. The Monro is a long and narrow pub, typical of the South Slope scene, with board games, a table-console with Pacman and Galaga, and some other arcade games. The musics was late 90s/early 2000s classic and the bartenders were incredibly nice and chatty. The menu is solid British fare, with a few drinks I've rarely had since visiting the UK, particularly Hobgoblin. Also British was the fact that The Monro offers beer cocktails, which I  adore. The standard cocktails and mixed drinks stood out in particular, which I had not expected -- I highly recommend The Thorn! I'll update this with a report on the snacks soon enough, but I liked that they had the full array of Walkers crisps. Yum yum.
I just wrote a review calling the Commonwealth the best bar in the neighborhood, and then I remembered my soft spot for The Monro. This place actually has the friendliest bartenders of them all, I love the dark wood and the great music, and they have trivia night and various popular TV show watching events (i.e. Mad Men!). They also have a really good beer selection, and they don't care if you bring pizza in from next door. And they have one pinball machine: The Addams Family, one of the best games of all time!
Did I go on an off night?  Not sure.   I was excited to check out this new-ish bar a few blocks from me, in a stretch of 5th Ave that has seen more and more new bars open.  I liked their swirly outside signage, their British pub atmosphere, the solid selection of beers on tap, promise of meat pies, and a good happy hour from 4-8.   The night I went though, all I wanted was a beer at the bar on a weeknight.  The lights in the bar were on a little too bright and the bartender was not very friendly and rather surly (maybe it was the one who got fired).  I'll definitely give it another chance, but not even close to 4 or 5 stars, when you can just walk to Skylark or Prospect or Owl Barn or Commonwealth instead.
Awesome bar, not too crowded and not too dead, but even if it is, it's just an awesome place to hang! I love that it's an English bar, and Charlie is the best bartender, shes awesome! Oh and they're chips are good too.
I think the happy hour changed to 4-7, but a great addition to the south Slope that lets me indulge in a habit of my British youth of eating a cold pork pie while supping a beer. The also have Pickled Onion Monster Munch - life is good. The bar tenders are great, and the pub has a nice, clean atmosphere with a good selection of brews. Being ran by fellow Brits, I hope they'll put an emphasis on showing football (soccer...) games, it'd be great to have a soccer bar close to home.  And Hockey in the off-season.  Yes. Edit: Happy hour is still 4-8, I was thinking of Skylark a few doors down.
A favorite local bar.  Nice people and cheap drinks with lots of choices.   Great pinball machine and friendly vibe.  Sweet little place with nice dark lighting and lots of seating.
Excellent service, delicious beer and cocktail selection with a laid back atmosphere? I'm in !
Very good local bar with authentic Brit owner. It's homely. Very welcoming. Very friendly. Have a pie and beer and carry on.
Hands down my favorite bar. The atmosphere is always enjoyable, the drinks are amazing, and the vast mix of customers always makes it fun.  Add a great jukebox, pinball, British snacks, and you just can't lose. Make sure you try the Victorian Lemonade, it's my personal favorite!!
Wondeful british pub, with the best owners a local could ask for. They play all the games at all times.
Great selection of British & European beers & ales at VERY reasonable prices.  Breaks with the standard Slope's pub selection.   In keeping with the British theme, the pub fare includes several excellent individual pies (Shepherd's, Pork, Chicken Tikka, Beef).   The barkeeps are friendly, funny and non-pretentious.  The extended Happy "Hour' (4-8 pm) is a great value offering a $1 off all drinks and features a Pie & Pint special for a mere 8 bucks!.
I love the Monro, especially the amazing owners.  This is the kind of bar you want to go to every night because they really go out of their way to make sure you are having a great time.  I love their beer, food, pub quiz, bingo, soccer games, breaking bad night.....I could go on and on.  Run don't walk to the Monro and experience it for yourself.
Was visiting with some fellow Liverpool supporters for the QPR match. Great space, easy to find off the train, and reasonable prices. Unfortunately they were out of pies, but pointed us in the direction of other food which we could bring in. All in all, great pub, good service, and good music post match.
Excellent British pub in the South Slope, and worth the schlep from Manhattan. As previous reviews stated: Fab owners, friendly bartender, awesome drinks (and two types of English cider!) and kick-ass meat pies (have the chicken mushroom with the Branston pickle). The space is clean, comfy and has a warm inviting ambiance-- and truly the restrooms are the nicest I've seen in any pub! Wide music selection, from classic punk to Brit pop available. They have a pub quiz night on Tuesdays and play all major football (read: soccer) matches from the UK and beyond. Definitely a keeper. Welcome to the neighborhood!
Hands down, best pub in Park Slope. Great decor, awesome drinks selection and one the friendliest bartenders around. Stop by, you won't regret it.
they have a sopranos pinball which is a great draw, music is solid, the draft selection is good, solid enough atmosphere...don't know if they even have food.  only compliant is wish they had better specials.  they have a shot and a beer for $5, but i wish they just had draft specials instead.
Go to this UK themed bar! The bartenders are nice, the drinks are good, and there has always been a positive vibe when I've gone in there.
Vinny is the man!
i cannot say enough about this great British pub from the beer to the food to the owner's. If eight different imported beers on tap isn't" enough they have Strongbow cider which i haven t seen anywhere?. Also if the beer doesn't" make you want to go its worth going for the pub snacks alone, they have real British Walkers prawn cocktail crisps as well as traditional British crumpets. Also they have two flat screen TVs so you can watch soccer and all other sporting events you can handle. Last but not least they have an outstanding Jukebox  so get yourself down to the Monro grab a pint and take in a slice of British culture i promise you you will not be disappointed.
Cozy little spot. Love the taxidermy. And meat pies - who doesn't love meat pies?? Also, ya gotta love a place with two happy hours. Victorian Lemonade will be my new summer drink. Yum.
Good beer and great bartenders. Trivia night on Tuesday's is a perfect way to enjoy this low key not pretentious bar.  This place also has what might be the best jukebox in the neighborhood.
