Our waitress was horrible.  My food was good, my wifes potatoes were burnt, and overall a little overpriced.  2 beers, an appetizer, and 2 dinners was $57.  The draft beer menu has a variety.  I asked for the bottle menu but "the computer's are down".  So beings I only went there for the beer selection, this was a disappointment.  Overall, if I sat at the bar and didn't get food, I might go back.  Otherwise, Buffalo needs a better beer place.
I love this place! Yes, the hostess stand is in a bad place but where else are they going to put it? Also, there is always a long wait but that is because there are about 5 tables in the whole place so it is expected. One tip I have is that you can request to sit in the little 'loft' area that overlooks the bar because most people don't want to sit there and you will get seated more quickly. they could use some ezpansion though but there probably isn't room for that. Don't go here if you don't like crowds. They have one of the best beer selections I've seen in Buffalo and the food is great. They always have something different on the menu so it's great if you like to try new things. I tried rattlesnake there for the first time! Of course, it was fried, but still delicious. Definitely recommended!
This place has the feeling of a true beer cave. There are so many rare and craft beers to choose from. I recommend getting the duck Frites. They aren't cheap, but the aioli that comes with them (you can choose 2/7) is to die for. The Blue Monk burger is also wonderful. It's covered with blue cheese crumbles, cooked to perfection, and topped with onions.
There's an old song by Meatloaf that goes "I want you. I need you, but there ain't no way I'm ever going to love you, now don't be sad, 'cause two out of three ain't bad." That's pretty much how I feel about the Blue Monk. I want and need the beer and the food. Best beer selection of any bar in Buffalo, if you're a fan of the Belgian beers like I am. The fries done in duck fat may be the best things in the world. I'm never going to love this place, however. It's not the prices. I get it. It's a sellers market when you're that good. The problem is that the service is about as bad as you can get. They're understaffed at the bar, and hire their waitstaff based on looks rather than talent (I'm assuming this. Perhaps they have some other hiring criteria. Is it possible the wait staff has some other skill like singing or juggling? All I'm saying is that their skills do not include taking care of customers, delivering drinks on time, or getting food orders correct.) One also has to realize that you're not going to make this place your local watering hole. It's too crowded, and always a crap shoot if you can get a table or not. No, there's no love to be had here, but a solid place regardless.
My wife and I were the first table, greeted and running smooth with our order of beers, appetizer and entrées on the way. Things went south when the rest of the tables quickly filled up, leaving the only waiter overwhelmed. When our glasses got empty I flagged down the hostess, whom it seems had jumped into the fray to help out the lone waiter, to order another round. After pointing out the beers on the menu, he snarled that she would let the waiter know. At least 10 minutes later the real waiter miraculously noticed us again, explaining that the hostess had forgotten our drink order. I told him forget it. I really wanted to like this place, but not being able to even order a beer in a beer joint dampers one's enjoyment rather quickly. Then the food arrived. The cod in my fish and chips taste like a wet sock- pretty obvious that they soaked it in fresh water to thaw, killing off its' taste. The rest of the food was nice, however. But I digress: the real issue was how disorganized this place is. At one point the hostess and waiter even went into the back kitchen together and you could see them arguing through the glass windows on the door. When we'd had enough I asked for the check and, of course, another 10 minutes went by. Our uneventful Blue Monk experience ended with me standing in the middle of the restaurant waving my credit card above my head at the impossibly busy, lone waiter. If you like beer, skip the brasserie; save yourself the heartache and head for Aurora Brew Works!
Food is delicious, I would recommend the duck confit reuben, or the mussels.  I've had almost everything on the menu and all the food is pretty tasty.  Excellent, extensive beer menu.  I would have definitely given this place 5 stars, as the service has always been wonderful and the food is always served promptly and tastes wonderful (I've been here at least 4-5 times per month the past year).  It's unfortunate that one bad experience can really turn you off to an establishment.  I was out celebrating a friend's birthday (LARGE group of people, I suggested the venue) and I went to the bar to get my second beer of the evening.  Specifically requesting the same beer I had just drank (#29), the woman bartender (Melissa) who seemed nice, came back with a beer that was a completely different color of what I had before--and I said "Is this the #29?", and she says "NO you ordered the 27".  I say "Actually, I ordered the 29".  Then she stated once again, that I ordered something that I didn't, and held her hand out, requesting payment. WOW. SO RUDE.  I grew up in the restaurant industry and I had been a bartender for many years, never ever could I imagine treating a customer so poorly.  I paid her, left no tip and walked away from the bar.  I told my friends the story and we all decided it would be best to just leave (I was drinking an $8 beer that I did not like, or even order!). There was definitely many more drinks ordered and we had a lovely rest of our evening, at a different establishment.  Chris, on the contrary, was extremely kind, efficient and we had a wonderful first 1/2 of the evening with him getting our drinks for us.
This can be a tough get on the weekends as the place does fill, but I've enjoyed my pilgrimages. Everything you've heard about the Duck Frites is valid. They are really good, all the things you want in a french fry and then some. Of the many sauces, the Honey cayenne is my favorite for Frite dipping. I capitalize as that is how I roll. Had the Poutine on my last dinner trip and it is worthy. In my mind, it's a bit of a canadian version of the garbage plate and there is absolutely nothing wrong with that. Try it, order it, eat it, your stomach will thank you. Bar staff knows their stuff on the beer front. I like trying some of the new flavors, but appreciate how well they pour a pint of guinness.
You've got to come try the Blue Monk experience. They have a really nice atmosphere tucked into the north Elmwood scene. Minutes away from Albright Knox and Buff State, Bmonk is a great before or after meet up place to get started. A few words of experience: -Don't hate on the duck fries till you try them. -Stick to Delirium Tremens beer: great taste and high alc content, even bottled. (most tap beer was between $5.50- $9 for a 12oz-16oz) -Don't take a big group, its pretty small in there. We waited 2.5 hours to get a table for 7. Although we didnt like the Duchess de Bourgogne beer, we tried many many beers that were really good. The dunkel hefeweisstephaner was good, as well as some of the more expensive bottled beers like Black Ops. Had a great time. I hope this place can remain consistent, it won't be long before they make a permanent place for themselves among the many legendary buffalo pubs.
Congratulations are in order for Mike Shatzel, who in addition to dealing with the ineptitude and stubbornness of the State Liquor Authority, has also weathered countless complaints from people on Facebook ranging from how it is sooooo awwwfullll they can't bring their girlfriends/pals to the new trendy place on the date of their choosing, to the inevitable gripes from vegetarians about duck fat fries. So, congratulations Mike Shatzel, and thank you, for having the vision, patience, and brass stones to put your heart and your money into something that will no doubt make the Elmwood Village an even better destination. The kitchen isn't open yet, so this is strictly a beer bar review on Day 2 of Blue Monk's existence. If you are coming here, you likely fit in one of three categories: A) "I like trendy, expensive places no matter what is being served." B) "I am genuinely interested in trying new and interesting beer." C) "I am a beer nut, and have waited for a Belgian bar in Buffalo." Lucky for all of us, Blue Monk fits the bill. You see? Everyone can be happy. I've previously stated that Cole's is the best beer bar in Buffalo, but so far I have a strong feeling this is going to soon topple Cole's as the true #1. Upon entering the bar we were greeted by a friendly server who offered us the option of sitting at a table in the upper area. We sat down at our table and took a look around - this used to be Merlin's? For you out of towners, this used to be a hole in the wall bar. This place is unrecognizable. A ton of effort has gone into rehabilitating the joint, which instead of being decorated with vomit and fantasy/d&d porn has become a beautiful and elegant space. There is a small nook in the upper area where the old men's room used to be where you can lord over the room and watch television or just people watch. Nice touch! It is a Belgian beer bar, and as such there are tasteful and appropriate decorations riffing on the themes of Belgium itself, as well as the Belgian beer. It is a comfortable place, and I have to admit I was shocked (pleasantly) by how it turned out. The service is friendly and efficient. There is no such thing as being "assigned" a server if you sit in the upper area - if any of them see you with an empty (or close to empty) glass they will offer to get you another beer, and will come back with it quickly. I wonder how this will work when the kitchen opens? Will we be able to sit at a table just to drink? I'm assuming not, but we will find out soon enough. On to the beer, which is of course the most important part of the review! I'll give you a partial list of what I saw: Belgians: - St. Bernardus 12 (My favorite!!! I love you!!! HUUGGGG) - Delirium Tremens - Chimay White - Cantillon Iris - Houblon Chouffe IPA Tripel Non-Belgians: - Victory/Stone/DFH Saison Du Buff - Racer 5 IPA - Flower Power IPA - Southern Tier Unearthly - Ayinger Celebrator Doppelbock (Want to drink this one next time) - Great Lakes Edmund Fitzgerald Porter There was a lot more than this, but taps change and I don't want to get anyone's hopes up when looking for a specific beer. Astonishingly, Pumking was already kicked, as was the Kasteel Rouge and maybe a couple of others. This was on Day 2! My girlfriend is going to hate me. Can I coin the phrase "Beer Widow" right now? If she asks you where I am, it's slumped over a chair at Blue Monk. They seriously have a great tap list. They also have a great bottle list, heavily Belgian influenced with the brands you are familiar with. They have less than a handful of Germans, one Swedish beer, and a few other non-Belgians. There were a number that I'm not familiar with, but I can't recall them as I was sort of fuzzy at the time I bothered to scan the bottle list. They have a bunch of 750s. Under the heading "If you must" on the bottle list they have Labatt Blue. Really funny. Please don't go here and drink Labatt, for crying out loud. If you order something on draft, chances are you will have it served to you in the appropriate branded, labeled glassware intended for the beer. This is very important to beer geeks, and a very nice touch that you will find in other reputable Belgian beer bars. The beers can range from reasonable ($6) to expensive ($20+ for one of the 750s). Unless you are a serious boozer, you can probably bring $20-$30 with you and have a nice, drunken evening. It is expensive, but for what you are buying I honestly think most of the prices are fair. I've always felt the same way about Cole's when justifying why a draft costs $7. Thanks for humoring the long review, but I felt the business deserves an honest and thoughtful review that can be helpful to people. PLEASE come here and support a great venture, even if you have to drink the stinking Labatt (or Guinness, forgot about that). Klinky klink!! Cheers!
Okay...Okay...I'll admit the thought of french fries cooked in duck fat scared me a bit. No...actually it TERRIFIED me!  But, being scared of something never stood in the way of my trying it, so I went here to eat with a bunch of new and old friends and (while I didn't order my own batch) I tried some of those fries.  And, ya know what?  They weren't "ducky" at all!  They just tasted like the VERY BEST french fries I ever had in my whole life.  SERIOUSLY!  Super crisp and flavorful on the outside.... and tender on the inside.  YUM!  And, now this is my FAVORITE part.... there is a choice of EIGHT (!!!!!) different sauces to dunk those fries in.  We sampled the Honey-Cayenne Aioli, Roasted Garlic & Sea Salt, and Thai Curry Ketchup.  They were ALL good, but my absolute fave was the Honey-Cayenne Aioli.  I'm a lover of that sweet-hot combo!! The menu is terrific (appetizers, and muscles, and salads, and sandwiches, and entrees), but since it was such a hot night, I decided on the cold cucumber soup (on the "specials" menu) and the "breads and spreads".  That cucumber soup was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!  It had a creamy base, lots of diced cucumber, some red onion, and a bit of dill.  And, drizzled over the top was a bit of a spicy sauce (was it siracha?) that brought the whole thing together. Wow!  The "breads and spreads" consisted of a basket of artisan breads accompanied by three house made spreads (which change nightly).  The bread was okay, but a bit over toasted.  I think the chef knew too, because all of the burnt bits were face-down.  The spreads of the night were a delightfully fresh pesto, a tasty three bean hummus, and a (so-so) salmon spread.  The later was a bit gooey in texture and blah in flavor. The beer menu is amazing..... dozens and dozens on tap.... plus many bottles.  Even lambics (raspberry, cherry, peach, and apple....oh my!!).  For dessert we shared a slice of ginger carrot cake.  It was big enough to share and accompanied with great vanilla ice cream, blueberries, and (real!) whipped cream. Wow!
An awesome beer bar that's become a victim of its own success. The Blue Monk is THE go-to recommend for serious beer drinkers in Buffalo, but the irony is, if you go during regular evening hours, you can't really chat up the bartenders about what's new on tap, because they're too busy just serving everyone who's piled in to watch the game. Nor can you talk with your friends about what you like, because they're shouting to be heard over the din. However, their brunch is totally lovely and very peaceful, with a DIY Bloody Mary bar and filling entrees under $15. So if you can handle a little hair of the dog, Sundays are the time to go and sample the wares the way they were meant to be sampled: at the bar, with expert commentary from the bartenders and plenty of elbow room.
I have eaten Brunch, Lunch, and Dinner here. The Brunch is the best in town. My favorite is the Chorizo Burrito... I will have to come back another time for a review of the Brunch because I cannot find the Brunch menu anywhere, and it has been awhile since I have had brunch there and forgot the ingredients... therefore I will move on to lunch and dinner. When I first ate here I was not a big meat eater, so the first time I had dinner here there was not much for me to choose from. I think I asked for the chef to make me 'anything chicken' which was mistake number 1- this is not a place to get chicken. Not that it wasn't good, it was, but the menu specializes in every other meat! I learned to like beef and pork and now I love the menu!! The Ommegang Rare Vos Braised Short Rib Sandwich is so damn good. I never liked horseradish but they mix it in with the meat and au-jus and it is a wonderful kick of spice on the tongue.! The Monk chips with their amazing dips are the best thing since sliced bread. The Thai curry ketchip, honey-cayenne aioli, and smoked chili aioli are my favorites. What I love best about the chef is his 'Hunter-gatherer' style creativity. Growing up in the backwoods of WNY, and coming from a family that hunts regularly and gathers wild berries so to have stores of venison and wild berries in the freezer all winter long, I truly admire his adventurous specials. So you can imagine my delight to see a Venison burger smothered in a Blackberry compote on the special menu! The last time I saw Venison on a menu was in Big Sur California, and I honestly never expected to see it in NY. It didn't stop there, then next time I visited there was an Elk burger with a blueberry compote! I love this place. I am not a big meat eater, but when it comes to game meat, I cannot get enough.   Unfortunately I cannot comment on the beer, I don't like it. I know, the horror. But I just don't. I will say thought that the bar manager Steve found me a beer. He made it his personal goal and I give him a lot of credit for finding one. Thanks Steve. The Lambic - a fruit beer. It was delish!! Other than that I stick to the cider's on tap. I like that they have that on tap so that is looks as though I am drinking a beer! This is not a place to go if you like a nice quiet dinner. It is always loud. The place as great acoustics and the sound resonates off the walls. It is a great place to go in a group. They have great bands - Jony James Blues band has been playing there lately on Sunday nights!. Great, great fun. I can not wait to go back and see what specials the chef has in store. The chef is great and with a little more experience will nail every dish that leaves that kitchen!
Food and beer selection was great. The waitress was very helpful in recommending beer based upon your taste and had me a sample a few things based off of what I was asking for. Ofcourse, I loved what she helped me pick. Had the prime rib sandwich and it was amazing! Reasonably priced food and beer and it's definitely a step up from your local dive bar. The bar calls to a variety of people varying in age and hipster status.
I've been to Blue Monk a few times & have always left happy.  They have a good menu and the prices are reasonable.  Their beer selection is fantastic & always changing.  There's usually a wait on Friday & Saturday nights, but as long as you don't mind trying a few of their beers while waiting for a table, you'll be good!
Blue Monk is really special because of the extensive beer selection offered.  It kills me when I go there on a busy night and someone tries to order a Blue Light, and believe me its happened more than once while I was there and sitting at the bar.  Blue Monk has delicious Belgium beers on tap, and they are constantly changing their selections.  It is really pleasant to go on their off hours during the week sometime, instead of on the crazy weekend nights.  There have been many times when I had to get out of there due to the insane amount people bumping into me and yelling obnoxiously in my ears.  I am starting to become less tolerant of loud, stuffy, crowded bars, and think that sometimes it just isn't worth the hassle.  However, Blue Monk might actually be worth it.  And hey, you might just like that kind of atmosphere!   On Monday nights they have amazing DJs, and there is usually a cooler vibe since less people know about it.  I am thrilled that we have a place like this to go to in the city of Buffalo.  Just about every time I go, I try and learn about a different beer.  My brother and his girlfriend are big beer connoisseurs, and it is their go to bar.  Just please, PLEASE do not order Blue Light or a gin and tonic.  :)  I hope that goes without saying, but you never know. ps. the food is also very delicious.
Belgian Belgian Belgian. meh. Sometimes the service is good. Sometimes it's not. Usually it's overly crowded and too loud. Good for maybe a date once in a long while, but not to frequent. The Yard is nice, yet, so is my yard with two friendly dogs, and the beer selection is much more diverse.
This is a cool looking bar with great beer! My wife and I were visiting from Chicago. We got there at 7:00 on a Saturday night and only had to wait about 10 min. Soon after we were seated it got really crowded. I drank a hefeweizen while I waited and it was one of the best I've ever had. I ordered the short rib sandwich based on recommendations from other Yelpers and it was just OK. Wife ordered the grilled cheese and bacon which was excellent. We both loved the duck fat fries! For dessert, I ordered another beer and wife got the carrot cake - nothing special, we didn't even finish it. I would go here all the time if I lived in Buffalo.  Just get there early b/c it gets shoulder to shoulder packed. Stay for the beer but not dessert.
Finally!  Had a babysitter so we took advantage & headed out to Blue Monk. Got there around 6:15pm on a goargeous summer Thursday & saw 1 open table on the patio - YAY!  Waited a minute for the hostess, who proceeded to seat the single gentleman ahead of us at said table.  BOO!  Oh well.  I would have waited, but hubby mumbled "I'm freaking starving..." so we asked for a table inside.  Next time, Monk, next time... Had to wait about 10 minutes for a table, but I think the hostess actually stalled so we could look at the draught beer list at the bar & make our selection.  Being a recent fan of "real" beer, I was excited to try something different.  The bartender was friendly & more than willing to provide us with samples before we ordered.  I sampled (and ordered) a Blaugies Darbyste - Saison/Fruit Beer - very smooth, just a touch of bitterness with a mildly sweet finish. Hubby went out on a limb (can you tell I'm rolling my eyes) and ordered a Bravik - Belgian Pilsner (I think?  it's not listed online, so I may have spelled it wrong - I do know that it was a pilsner.)  Tasty, and at least it wasn't a Labatt Blue LOL. Menu is limited, which as I've said before can be a good thing.  I'd rather your do a few things really really well, rather than 50 things crappily. A few starters, a few sandwiches, a few shared plates, a few desserts.  Interestingly enough, they serve mussels like 5 or 6 different ways. We started with the Blue Balls: German meatballs topped with Moody Blue Cheese and veal demi glacé.  I hestiate to use the word "succulent" when describing balls, but they were.  :)  The blue cheese was actually mixed into the meatballs, as well as sprinkled on top.  Nice.  Husband (once again, living on the edge) ordered the Thelonius Burger - THEN asked to have it cooked WELL DONE.  Oy, I can't take him anywhere, lol.  Well, let me tell you - that burger was perfectly WELL done but stayed incredibly juicy & flavorful.  So kudos to the chef for sure. I had one of the specials that night - Lobster Roll (of lobster on a buttered roll with celery & lettuce.)  It was good but not great - HUGE chunks of lobster, but on the verge of being overcooked.  A tad too much celery flavor for my taste.  It was acceptable but I've had better.  We both had the duck fries instead of the chips - his with chipotle bacon aioli, mine with thai mango curry ketchup.  Loved them. Server was attentive & fast.  Brought hubby another Pilsner (yawn) and I asked for a sample of the Wild/Sour Ale  they had on tap that night - tasted like cherry pop!  I enjoyed it, but didn't think I could stomach a full pint of the stuff so I had another Saison.  I do have 1 tiny complaint - it appears they do not keep their beer list up to date online.  I know they're probably tapping something new almost daily, but they should make an attempt to keep this current.  The most recent date they have listed for kegs being tapped in March. No room for dessert, but the double stout chocolate cake sure sounded good.  Of note:  One of the specials was a gazpacho made with some sort of beer - damned if I can remember what kind - sounded really interesting though.  Also, stared at neighboring table's fish & chips - I couldn't help it, as there were FIVE pieces of fish, each the size of a large chicken finger.  Wow. Lastly - the ambience & decor are great.  Their wainscotting is actually the bottom half of several vintage wooden doors.  Metal detail around windows turned out to be very old rusty screen doors.  Very cool.
I love this place, and have been a frequent visitor ever since they opened.  You can always count on a wide selection of beer on draught, and a number of bottled beers as well.  It's nice to go to a bar in Buffalo and not be limited to Canadian or Blue Light. I've eaten dinner here as well a handful of times and I have never been disappointed.  The only reason I have not eaten here more often is because the place is fairly small and there is usually a long wait for a table.   I usually end up ordering snacks to munch on after a few drinks at the bar.  The duck frites are awesome, especially with the dipping sauces.  I'm a big fan of the chipotle bacon mayo and thai curry ketchup.  I find the poutine delicious as well, but I am by far no connoisseur of the dish.  I am a fan of their mussels, and it reminds me of Monks in Philly.  I usually go for the Ommegang Hennepin, which has bacon, leeks, and garlic, but the Delirium Tremens is tasty as well, cooked with chorizo and poblano pepper. This is one of the few bars in Buffalo that always has a crowd no matter what night of the week it is.  It gets pretty loud inside, but there is a nice outdoor patio in the front and back.  I believe they close the back patio at night since it is adjacent to a residential neighborhood.   I would definitely put Blue Monk on my must try list, but be prepared to spend a little more money than you normally would at a typical bar in Buffalo.
intimidating at first with all the beer choices but everyone is friendly as long as you ask. smart folks with a DAMN good burger.
Love love love this place! Great local beer selection and menu! The Mac and cheese is toooooo die for, and so are the duck frites.  One of my favorite places in buffalo to kick back on the patio during summer for a unique brew!
I WANT to like the Blue Monk; I really do. It's at a great location, the name is cool, and the menu looks yummy. It has all the fixings of a great place. However, there is one characteristic of this venue that, at least for me, takes it from dream to nightmare every time. That is the decibel level. The Blue Monk is the loudest place on earth. I don't know if a large population of loud talkers got together and decided to make it their clubhouse, or if something in the design of the place amplifies sound. When I leave after a satisfying meal, it's not without  ringing ears as if I just attended a Metallica concert. Good food, bad ambiance.
We went around 10 at night love that they serve amazing food till the wee hours of the morning, great if you want a late dinner!! We had blue balls, spread platter, and ommegang mussels for an appetizer everything was amazing...we got 4 different entrees grilled cheese, braised short rib sandwich, steak and sausage plate everything tasted amazing so much flavor and beautifully presented. Definitely recommend going here & can't wait to go again :)
Whoever makes the decisions about which beers to put on tap knows what they are doing. The beer selection was by far the main draw for me as there were about 30 interesting drafts.  And despite it being pretty crowded the bartenders were cool with pouring samples. I did not try the the food but there wasn't much, if anything, for the healthy minded diner or all but the most adventurous kid. So dads, don't think you're hitting the Blue Monk for a quick Dogfish black and blue while getting a burger for the kids.  So 5 stars for the beer, 3 stars for the menu and a solid 4 stars overall.
What a great addition to the Elmwood Strip! 30 taps, including towers for Weihenstephaner, Pauwel Kwak, and Maudite!!! That last one made me particularly happy although it isn't in yet d/t trouble getting it from Unibroue. The other taps rotate and apparently are kicked nightly, so there are constant changes. I had the Delirium Tremens Mussels - Came on a deep plate instead of in a pot, like I am accustomed to, but this was a welcome difference in presentation. It came with chunks of tomatoes and chorizo, which made it an even more hearty meal. Poutine was really good, with melted cheese curds, but not too much gravy. My only complaint is that I really had to be aggressive about requesting a table. Staff walked by me at the hostess stand several times without even making eye contact, and forget asking me what I needed. But once I got their attention they seated my group very quickly and even allowed us to add two more when some friends showed up at the bar. This was all on a very packed Saturday afternoon, so in the end I appreciated the flexibility. The change in decor is really astonishing considering what a hole Merlin's had become. They did a great job of making it look like they have been there for a few years already. This place could make it anywhere, but I'm glad it is in Buffalo. I will look forward to my next visit.
The Blue Monk has an amazing beer selection, and this is where they really shine.  Go here for the beer and you will be very happy!   The food menu also looks promising, but the execution is not so good.  The duck fat fries were the biggest disappointment because they sound so divine.  Ours came out soggy and lukewarm.  The special dipping sauces were fun, but would have been better if I was enjoying them on a crispy hot fry.  We ordered a burger and a duck Reuben-- both were good, but not amazing.  I thought it was a little odd that they seem to have duck all over the menu.  It was like they were trying too hard to make everything fancy. In short, I would go back for the beer but I probably wouldn't order any food.
We visited the Blue Monk in October on a girl's shopping trip to Buffalo.  It was recommended to us by the Innkeeper at Elmwood Village Inn. This pub is a large, two-level restaurant with a dining area at the back and cool bar for milling about at the front.  We sat up in the dining area when we arrived, which felt a bit like a cafeteria and didn't have half the charm of the bar.  (It's brighter-lit and the washrooms are kind of the centrepiece of the room, which is a bit unfortunate.)  The server, however, was really lovely and the food was fab.  I, naturally, ordered the Duck Reuben - a classic Reuben made with duck confit.  Amaze.  Also duck-fat fries live up to the expectation of gamey greasiness.  Also very good. The beer selection is nice, but is very Belgian-heavy and really misses the mark as far as I was concerned.  Coming from Toronto, where our access to micro-brews from New York state are limited, I was looking forward to a more local selection.  I can get Belgian and Polish beer anywhere, but was really looking forward to something different.  There are a few, but for the number of taps in this bar, they could really offer something special.  Also, there was NO PILSNER and, despite about a dozen Delirium Tremens posters and the pink elephant tap decoration, they didn't have any of that, either.  An entire star off, just for that. (If you haven't been to New York to go beer shopping or tasting, do try it.  There are so many breweries producing limited quantities of a great variety of beers that it is truly a treat to discover!) So - go for the duck and then duck out to another bar for your beer!
After hearing my friends rave about this place, I was thrilled when one of them chose to go here for her birthday dinner on Sunday afternoon. Warning: the beer menu is EXTENSIVE (and slightly overwhelming) so you'll want to take several minutes to decide what to drink. The Monk has two patios: one right up front on Elmwood for diners, and another in the back (just opened) for those only drinking. If you are there for dinner and finish your meal, you'll be expected to shift to the back patio to continue, something I thought was a bit of a hassle. For drinks i had two very tasty but impossible to remember German-sounding beers. Both were on the sweet side, and ice cold, just the way I like 'em! For my dinner I had the "Ommegang Rare Vos Braised Short Rib Sandwich" with the duck frites on the side. I was a bit disappointed that the horseradish failed to pack a punch, but overall this was one hell of a sandwich! I had the garlic and sea salt mayo to go with my frites, and wasn't disappointed one lick. I had a hard time choosing between this, the Shaved Prime Beef on Weck, and the Delirium Tremens mussels, so you know that I'll be back next time I'm in town!
When the Blue Monk opened in my neighborhood I went pretty much twice a week for the first month or so.  Then, I realized how quickly I was burning through money doing so and I've curbed my habit, but I love this place.  So, yes, bring your credit card and be comfortable with the idea of using it substantially and you can really enjoy some top-notch food and drink. I'm a beer guy, and the 32 taps (and countless bottles) always have something I've never tried.  Sometimes it can be frustrating that the menu is short on American craft beer and long on Belgian/European, but this has pushed me to discover some new beers from around the globe that are very tasty.  This is what adds up, $6 is about the basement for a beer here.  Sometimes you'll find beers upwards of $10 per glass. The food is great, and as rich as you'll need to be to pay for the booze.  They don't do much lighter fare, but if you're drinking beers that are 10%, you need some fat calories to offset the ABV.  The duck-fat frites were spotty when they first opened, but they've dialed them in and they're crispier and better overall.  The various dipping sauces they offer are all good. Likewise with the first time I had a burger there: it was undercooked, as was my friend's, so I took to ordering it one step up from my normal, but having had it again, they're cooking them properly to temperature.  You should be safe ordering it to your normal level of doneness. The blue balls are a great appetizer of German meatballs topped with smoked blue cheese.  The Moody Blue hit my nose one day from a neighbor's order sitting at the bar and I knew I'd have to try them.  They may be my new favorite on the menu. The mac and cheese always has added ingredients and changes daily.  The last I had it, it was had bacon and carmelized onions, along with their blend of cheeses.  Yeah, bacon with your mac and cheese, doesn't get much more excessive than that, and the portion is pretty huge.  It'll hit the spot, especially in the colder months. It can get very busy on weekends, but is a wonderful respite in the late afternoon/early evening for an appetizer and a beer or two.  Also, pro tip: the draft list is numbered, if you don't want to try to pronounce that intimidatingly consonant-heavy European brew, order by number, the bartenders are used to it and will know what you mean.
We went there for the "poutine", or as someone else wrote, "the closest thing you'll get to poutine (outside of Canada)".  Don't go there for what they call poutine.  Their menu calls it: "Poutine // Duck frites with cheese curds and duck confit gravy".  This comes in an oval cast-iron baking/serving dish.  Plus points for the cast-iron which keeps it hot.  However, what they appear to do is [a] fry the fries, [b] place in [hot] pan, [c] spray a mist of gravy on, [d] put a ton of some kind of cheese on, and [e] pop it into an oven to melt the cheese.  THERE IS NO GRAVY EVIDENT IN THE FINISHED DISH.  The finished dish also has bits of duck meat in it - "duck confit" being duck cooked in duck fat.  Perhaps more than just a mist of gravy was used and it was absorbed into the fries during the baking process, but as I'd said, there was no gravy to be seen - and the fries were good, not soggy.  This is more of a Winter type dish, rather than a late summer dish, but it would be a good thing to split among two or three people.  Someone needs to shanghai the chef to the closest St. Hubert st-hubert.com/rotisserie… and eat some actual poutine.  Just don't go to the Blue Monk and expect to be served actual Poutine.   Why didn't I go across the river for poutine?  Because my lovely date for the evening didn't have her passport with her, and La Migra won't let you out of the country without a passport now.  (Even though I've been told that Canada will let you in with just a driver's license, as it always has been, and that you can re-enter the USA with a current DL.) For those of you who are allergic or simply want to know the truth: The duck fat they use here for frying is cut with Canola oil.  I don't know what the ratio is, but I suspect it's high, with just enough duck fat added for taste.   They have a very extensive beer list with some unusual brews.  However, we were there on a Tuesday night, working from the list printed up Monday, and my server kept coming back, telling me that the libation I'd chosen was unavailable.  In these days of desktop publishing, it's unacceptable for something to be that out-of-date.  For goodness' sake, just take a pen and X out the ones you'd run out of because the person in charge of the suds had ordered only a "quarter keg" of it if you are one of those hippie-types who "doesn't want to waste paper".  On the second go-round, our server brought back three teeny-tiny sample cups of some local brews that she did have to serve.  I was able to get a couple of outstanding yumyum beersies (hat tip to The Oatmeal) to go with my duck burger. The food was (otherwise) great.  The beer (that I could actually get) was great.  (Do note that I shied away from anything that appeared to be someone's style-ignoring experiment.)  We lucked out and got parking across the street - otherwise, this hipster-rich neighborhood is difficult to park in.  Please watch out for the many, many bicycles, some of which don't have proper lights and/or reflectors.   I shorted them a star because of the "poutine" and the fact that our server was pretty darn clueless - I hope she's new and figures out the job there in short order.
Finally got the chance to come here. And I have to say probably the one and only bar I will ever go to in Buffalo. It was totally worth it! The beer selection is good and the people who go here are awesome! :) great place to go with friends and just enjoy yourselves!
Hipsters in Buffalo...who knew?  Regardless, this is an awesome place. Great environ, cool vibe and awesome food. I recommend the Poutine. It's made with duck...and apparently with a lot of love. The beer selection is vast and diverse. And the bar staff is capable, knowledgable and very cool.
Good food. Good selection of beers. But definitely a little hyped up from the reviews
I have to say... Disappointing after reading the reviews and seeing the high rating. Amazing selection of beers in the bottle and on draft and the food looked and smelled good but the establishment stunk to high heaven of cigarette smoke. No offense but half the tasting of beer is about the aroma and taste combining together, the cigarettes were distracting. I also expect perhaps because I am spoiled by awesome craft beer bars in Virginia that I should be able to pick out my own flights of beers or at least have an option for a smaller glass so that I could sample different things. There were 10 beers that I would have loved to try but if I would have ordered those pint glasses I would have alcohol poisoning and sleeping on the floor facedown.
Who in this town doesn't love Blue Monk?  There are so many beers to choose from!  Yes a bunch of them are a bit expensive but you are normally choosing a rare beer that they have for a limited time.  The list is updated daily and that should be enough to check this joint out but on top of that the food is delicious!  It is an eclectic menu that doesn't scream classic bar grub but more like upscale bar food.  Variety from meatballs to mussels to burgers or entrees.  You can please most people here!  Be prepared to wait to sit down but grab some fancy beer form the bar while you wait or go sit in the "beer garden." And hey be be prepared get a little tipsy too as some of these craft beers are pushing 9%!
Though we were initially forgotten once seated, to make up for the mistake the first round of drinks were on the house. You just don't get that kind of treatment at a lot of places. Usually they say sorry once and forget it happened. In addition to the wonderful service (once we had it), the food was filling, satisfying and large portions.. The beer list is, of course, exceptional. I'll definitely go back, even just for a beer.
This is the most extensive list of Belgian taps I have ever seen. Coupled with a very good menu, atmosphere and service, this is a must see in Buffalo. Apparently they order small kegs allowing the selection to quickly rotate. Ommegang/Duvel, Maredsous, Unibroue, Ichtegem and many many others on tap; a staggering 32 during my visit and 70+ in bottles. Many non-Belgian craft brews are also served, check the website for the latest listing and coming attractions. bluemonkbflo.com/the-taps The emphasis both beer and food is decidedly Belgian. Many dishes incorporate great beers. I tried the Ommegang Rare Vos Braised Short Rib Sandwich with duck frites and the Carbonnade Flamande, both were excellent. The Delirium Tremens Mussels looked good as well. Blue Monk drew many curious first time visitors, some asked if there were any "normal beers" here. The servers are very helpful and non-condescending to Belgian neophytes, making suggestions and readily offering samples. I read a lot of mixed opinions regarding the service at Blue Monk, I had a good experience. The pace is definitely unhurried, but who can rush through a Slaapmutske Triple Nightcap? Beer Advocate gives them an A+. Well done Blue Monk!
Hands down, my favorite bar in Buffalo. They have a great beer selection, amazing food, and a trendy/hipster vibe to it - pretty much the epitome of a gastropub. The prices of the beer might turn you off, but they are quality beers, many of which you won't see in other bars around the area. A lot of the beers, as many yelpers will tell you also have a pretty high ABV, just fyi. The food is delicious here. I highly recommend the duck frites with house sauce. They have a wide range of "house sauces" which are both creative and wonderful - make sure you ask what sauces they have. Their poutine is highly recommended and their blue monk burger is awesome as well. The servers and the crowd are nice. However, towards the later hours, it can get pretty packed in the bar making movement and holding intimate conversations a little difficult. Love this place though.
Always good. Service great! Fries short of crispy can be disappointing. Knowledgable staff when it comes to beer and food makes this a consistently good experience.
The first five star review I have written. Blue monk is a beer lovers haven with pub food that makes most sit down restaurants signature dishes to shame! The Duck Confe Ruben is amazing and the frites (French fries fried in duck fat) are the best fries in Buffalo. Go there, you won be disappointed!
At 7:30pm on Sat June 7th hostess was extremely rude and quite bitchy actually. I understand the place is busy and there is a wait but you need to treat customers with a lil respect and a smile after all you are not feeding us for free.
Fries are great. Bloody Mary's are horrible. Tart and sweet. Thought it was just the bartender but this was the second bad experience. Also charged for a alcoholic Bloody Mary when a virgin was ordered. That's crappy considering the circumstances.
Best beer selection in town and not just regional brews. Chill atmosphere.
Swung into the Monk last night from Rochester and met up with a dear friend on work trip from Manhattan.  Loved it!  Incredible draught beer selection, dynamite frittes and enjoyable conversation from our bartender Stacy! We would've stayed all night and devoured that ultra-tasty menu, but my NYC friend was jonesin' for a taste of wings!  Great vibe. Great atmosphere (no TVs!!) Friendly and cute staff! Amen Blue Monk!
Mac and Cheese = Heaven Came here for restaurant week and was uber impressed. Waited a little over 40 minutes for a table, giving me plenty of time to taste some of the local brews.  I started off with the Ithaca Pumpkin, but the keg ran out before I had a chance to have another.  In a fabulous twist of fate, they put on tap a keg from my 'real' home! Smuttynose!  I was a nice little trip down memory lane.  Just then we were seated....  We perused the restaurant week menu, I decided on the mussels appetizer and the bison burger for dinner.  Natalie had something that looked like pot roast and french fries for an appetizer and also the Bison Burger for dinner. They ran out of the mussels, so I swapped it out for the mac and cheese and changed up my Burger to Salmon for dinner.  OH MY GOD.  The mac and cheese, was super cheesy, super good and I don't want to think about the calories.  The noodles were tightly wrapped spirals that kept every bit of magical goodness stuck to them.  I was really impressed.  The Salmon was also really good - sugar smacked...    The glaze was great, almost like the top of a creme bruele.  My appetizer portion was larger than the dinner portion for me and the opposite for Natalie - but I'M NOT COMPLAINING.  I know the next time I get a hankering for mac & cheese, I'm going straight to the Blue Monk.
Awesome beer selection, great outdoor seating area, and really good food.  Works for me.   Probably my favorite place on Elmwood to grab a bite and enjoy some really good beer.  It just knocked it's cousin, Cole's, from my top spot.   I had the Duck Reuben (awesome), sampled the mussels (very, very tasty), and split the duck fat fries with my table (I'd eat the dipping sauces with a spoon if it were socially acceptable).
I came here yesterday evening for dinner with a few good friends. Having just successfully defended my dissertation, I wanted a good place to celebrate. So we gathered here at 5 PM, first asking a table for 4, but later transferring to another table as another friend appeared. Before ordering food, we went down and checked the huge blackboard where the beers on tap were listed. I got a Blanche de Chambly, and ordered a medium-rare Blue Monk burger. Later on, we ordered the ginger carrot cake for dessert. Overall, I think I like this place. We went early enough that it wasn't crowded, and the food, while not amazingly spectacular, was above average. For me, I think it's the huge selection of beers that makes me a fan. If only I have more time here in Buffalo, I would go back and revisit this place, checking off the beers one by one. So what's preventing me from giving them a full 5 stars? Well, there are little things that can be improved. First, there's the acoustics. I often found myself shouting just so that I can be heard by my friends sitting at the same table. We were seated at the mezzanine section, and it wasn't crowded (but not empty either), but the acoustics of the whole room make it feel more like a club. The ambient noise somehow gets amplified too much. Next, I ordered a medium-rare burger. That doesn't mean that half of the burger is medium-well, and the other half was rare. I took a bite from my burger and was surprised that there was no pink in it, but as I progressed, the pink gradually revealed itself. I'd love to have consistency in my burgers. So yes, this is a cool place to drink, although there are some improvements that can be done.
What a cool bar. There was enough room for use to take off our coats and hang out and there. The beer selection was interesting and good. I was impressed. I also think people got too dressed up for it, but that is neither here nor there.
I really liked the food (mussels and San Francisco fries), and our beers were great, but holy mother of god is this place ever loud. Like, the din is just deafening, even in the upper dining area. Everyone in the place seems to be shouting. I don't know if it's an acoustics issue or what, but both times I've been here it's just too noisy to really enjoy the vibe.
Huge beer list full of things I can't drink, due to my gluten-intolerance. I was fully prepared to be the tool who orders a mixed drink at a beer bar but I thought I'd ask if they had gluten-free beer. And they did! The bartender was super excited to tell me that it was actually good, too! And he was right! Great beer list for those who can drink regular beer, amazingly friendly staff -- this is a great spot. Definitely will be back when I'm next in Buffalo!
OH, I love this place. I need to get a copy of their business plan and open one just like it in New Orleans. Their beer selection is incredible, my only beef is that when you fall in love with something, it's likely to rotate off the menu sooner or later. I usually just drink here but the last visit we ate and it was all pretty good. Granted, it's more upscale pub food (re:lots of fried stuff) but it pairs well with the beer. Dare I say it though? I like plain old poutine better than their duck confit version. Salad was ample but weirdly over-salted. Really though, the star of the show is beer; stick with that and you'll probably leave quite happy.
The location where The Blue Monk now sits used to house a very seedy bar where my band and my husband's band used to play. I am so grateful that the bar is gone, because it was awful, dark, dank, and depressing to play at. Enough said. The Blue Monk has tasty eats, delicious Belgian Ale, and decent prices. I highly reccommend the beet salad. The waitstaff has a bit of an entitlement complex. One of the waitresses sat down and started complaining about the customers to the couple behind us. At first, I thought she knew them, it turns out she was venting. I felt uncomforable "for them." It was a strange interaction.
We went on a Monday night for dinner assuming it would be empty but the place was packed.  We waited over an hour for a table since the dining area is limited.  The bartender was not at all familiar with the beers or the prices to ring us up so it took a while to get our drinks. The food was ok but we sent back the duck frites-they were cold and tasted like they had been fried in regular oil.  I've definitely had better in other places. The entrees weren't too bad-I had the beef and beer stew (was very sweet for a beef stew but the meat was very tender). My friends both had the beef on weck and were impressed.  Overall we liked the beer selection but would not eat here again.
Great food. Small menu, but it pairs well with their massive beer selection. I had the calamari with the pretzel coating, served with a house made mustard- awesome a little different, but I like the experiment. Then we had the burger and the duck poutine- both incredible. It's not diet food. Don't go there if you have weird food requirements. Go their if you enjoy your beer, fat and animal products. Wait staff was awesome And attentive, without being over bearing. Will be back.
Let me just say that the Blue Monk is too good for you. The selection is too vast for your puny brain. The Belgian tripels are too strong for your LaBatt taste buds. The robust cuisine is too intense for your pathetic palette. So who are you kidding thinking you'll get $60 out of the atm and come here? Just go back to the Pink and drink your Magic Hat.
The beer bar I never thought Buffalo would get. The Blue Monk's tap and bottle lists are more or less on par with the best Belgian beer bars in the US. The rest of the bars in Buffalo that have "good beer selections" are playing on the local level, while the Blue Monk gets national attention. Nothing else in town comes close because no one else in Buffalo is attempting a beer bar of this caliber. Come during the holidays and you'll even see St. Bernardus Christmas Ale on tap. Hallelujah.
Waited 40'mins for the food . It was awful the food isn't worth the price this is the last time I will be here. Not even one start should be giving .
Been back here a couple times since my last review and I give them another star for those times. Now I haven't eaten there yet, but I did see that they had and Elk burger the one night, and found out they cook fries in duck fat all fancy like. So just by offering a variety of food as this, they got upped a bit. But also they moved up by the fact that last few times I was in there they did have some good beers I had never scene before. Two that stuck out to me were an Oyster Stout and a Stout aged in "peaty" scotch barrels. Both those beers were amazing and worth the few extra bucks.
I know I will love Blue Monk when I see their beer menu... A place that takes their beer seriously would have a printed daily menu of what's they have on drafts. The selections can be mind boggling especially for someone like me that wants everything! Can I have number 6 please? Freigeist Bierkultur Pimock ($7) Hefeweizen with subtle hints of citrus, clove and a gentle bitterness tasted just like the description in the menu. Duck Confit Reuben with House Made Chips  ($13) has such a great combination of taste and textures Duck Frites with House Made Sauce ($6) went well with an order of Mussels cooked in a broth of Belgium strong ale and Thai coconut sauce. Service is attentive and pleasant. Food is great, one of the best meal I had in Buffalo area... The only complaint is why we are seated right next to the kitchen, though watching the cooks preparing our meals was quite entertaining!
Most likely one of the best eating/ drinking experiences in the city of Buffalo. Continuously changing beer selection, great food with a rotating selection of specials, and a nice atmosphere.
Love the beer. Hate the wait. We waited almost 3 hours for a table for 6. Stupid us but the awesome beer distracted us. They had no intention of seating us. Go elsewhere for parties more than 5.
The boy now calls this establishment The Best Beer Bar Ever. And Blue Monk is deserving of this title 1,000%. It's the most depressing thing ever to be living in Boston and therefore far too far away from this place to pop in for a quick one on a regular basis. Therefore, Buffaloians, you had better appreciate what you got and try everything on the menu for me. If the gazpacho special and prime rib sandwich were anything to go by, the Blue Monk's food is some of the best I have eaten just about anywhere. Innovative, considerate dishes cover the well-rounded menu; I can only wait until my next visit to try one of their amazing-sounding mussel preparations. Oh yes, and the beer. With an extensive draught list - featuring Dieu Du Ciel and Unibroue which made my heart happy - and wonderful beers that neither of us had tried or heard of, (in some cases) Blue Monk don't just cover craft beer, they celebrate it. And my wine-lovin' side was thrilled to see a wise and reasonably priced selection of really, really good wines. None of this "you drink wine, you'll pay for it" crap; I would have sampled any and all of the wines on the list had I not been blown away by the beers. I can't wait to go back.
Yeah, here's the thing about the Blue Monk to me: it's pretty okay as far as food goes, the beer is fantastic, the service is pretty bad, and it's extremely loud and crowded. So, depending on what you want/are prepared to deal with it might be your thing. Let me elaborate. Food: I don't hate the food here, I just find it underwhelming. To me this is one of those restaurants that tries to do just a bit too much with their food without having the basics down first. It's sort-of like the guy playing pick-up basketball who has a bunch of fancy moves that he can use once a game but has no jump shot and no defense -- sure, for about 10 seconds he looks really good, but he's a pain in the ass and brings your team down. This is the Blue Monk's food. Yeah, the dish is super fancy sounding and combines a bunch of things that you are excited about, but the execution is lacking so you just hope that the novelty/excitement carries you through. And most times it doesn't. I would rather have a simple, well-made meal than an exotic and poorly-made meal. Beer: Incredible. The beer is awesome. No complaints at all. Service: I'm willing to cut some slack because this place is always busy so I'm sure that it sucks to work there, but I've never had good service. Now, I don't think that it is a problem with the staff exclusively, I think that it is hard to keep track of all of the people and all of the beers (they have a lot of beers), but I don't think people are really serving as quickly as they should. There is lots of chatter between workers and workers and workers and patrons -- which is fine when it's slow, but when it's busy (which it always is) it is frustrating. Crowd: It is always crowded. It is always loud. You have to yell to have a conversation (and I live in Buffalo so I'm used to loud people). That said, I still go there to have a beer or two. If you can get a seat outside in the summer and drink some beers, it's pretty fantastic.
A great place in Buffalo - food is great and one of the most extensive beer selections I've seen (not to mention they're GOOD beers).  Mussels were good, and of course who can go wrong with duck fat fries.  Good outdoor seating when the weather's nice.  Servers were friendly, knowledgeable, and prompt.   Became a special place to go when visiting the area.
Have been hearing a lot of great stuff about Blue Monk and have wanted to try it for awhile. The 4 of us shared a plate of the poutine fries which are fried in duck fat, topped in duck confit, duck gravy and cheese. Holy. Crap. Heaven. It was like a symphony of deliciously sinful goodness. Unbelievable. Everyone at the table wanted to lick the plate. I have since ordered the regular duck frites as well and they were very good as well- obviously not AS delicious as the poutine but come on- duck gravy!? NOM. We all tasted burgers, bread and hummus, sandwiches and a mussel pot. Everyone got a little taste of everything. I was a little disappointed in the mussels, which I was expecting to be super delicious. I had the sweet potato, coconut milk, and chili pot. It was ok, but I just thought a little bland. Definitely needed more of a kick or something. I was very happy to find out they had an entire selection of ciders- always a great sign in my book. Something for us, non-beer drinkers! Though the beer drinkers were also thrilled with the GIANT selection they had as well. Will definitely come back and try more very soon!
Beer fans and beer nerds can't resist BM. We're partial to hard liquor, so we appreciate that they don't leave bourbon and scotch drinkers totally out in the Buffalo cold. We've had mixed experiences with the food. We were impressed by a particularly nice batch of coconut curry mussels, but we've also encountered subpar soup and cold shepherd's pie. Overall, a better bar than restaurant.
Great food, great beer, great atmosphere. Some items are a bit overpriced. Happy to have a unique establishment like this though.
I met up with a college buddy and his wife for dinner here. We signed up to reserve a table around 8 and sat down for dinner around 845. The wait wasn't too bad because we got to try their amazing beer selection! That is what impressed me the most. The dinner itself wasn't all that great. We order duck frites, poutine and a blue cheese burger and i personally wasn't the biggest fan of the poutine though. The burger was good but I've eaten a lot better at bareburger in queens , ny. I'd still go back but not for dinner. The crowd was nice too and service was good. The waitresses , bartenders and the hostess were all extremely friendly and efficient. It would've gotten a 5 star if the dinner tasted a bit better.
Amazing but overwhelming beer selection. Food is out of this world. Drowned myself in duck fat products. Deliciously indulgent.
I was craving Blue Monk's Duck Confit sandwich before we got to the border. Duck meat is an already amazing meat so to have it grilled in a sandwich is a superb treat. Along with marble rye, red cabbage slaw and melted cheese, you have a great combo. If I ever revisit the Blue Monk again, there isn't a doubt in my mind that I will order this sandwich.
Okay the food has improved so the stars increase. It is pricey but the food is actually quite good. Surprisingly, the frites are only mediocre. I think they need a field trip to NYC, SF, or Belguim to do some frite sampling. BUT as I said, all the other food is quite good. They also just opened up their back patio, which is really nice but they don't serve food out there yet (can't handle the volume I think so perhaps they never will).
Blue Monk is pretty great, but let me start with the not so greats. I agree with others that this place can be very loud making conversation difficult. It's really popular so after work it fills up, which also gives the AC a run for it's money. I found the bar stools (metal science lab types) very uncomfortable. Bummer for a casual bar with great beers, because my bum wants me to leave sooner than I do. We had trouble getting served at a table in the bar area. Once we moved to the bar, we had VERY friendly and attentive service. This place really shines with its beer selection. It's pretty grand, and it of course has a great Belgian beer selection. Good pricing. Fancy draught  beers range from about $5-9 or so. They change taps often and have over 30 beers on tap. Their beer list is updated frequently on FB. In short, it's a great place to enjoy quality suds.
Went out with my fiance and two friends. Was excited to try blue monk for dinner! We ordered poutine and everyone got some awesome beers on tap. The poutine was different but oh so good. My fiance got a iceberg wedge salad- lettuce could have been fresher. I got a small plate special. It was coffee cured pork belly with gouda and carmelized onion polenta, an arugula salad with candied walnuts and an espresso glaze. and wow it was GOOD! 3 thick slices of delicious pork belly atop polenta with the salad on top. Not exactly a small plate! Our friends got another pork special and a beef on weck sandwich that they liked. Good service and good food. A big fan here!
Known for their beer selection, i'm not very impressed anymore with anyone's beer selection after finding a place with 140 beers tapped at all times lol. I don't know why I don't like this place so much (other than the name which I think is pretty cool!). I guess it could be because it's always packed and hard to sit most of the time I've tried to go here, which is an inconvenience and not very fun to sit around a bunch of loud people at 4pm on a mother loving Tuesday. I know i'm probably wrong, and since so many people like this place how can I be right, right? Ever have those places or people that for whatever reason, you just don't like? I unfortunately think that this place is one of them. I still gave 3 stars because the place was okay one time I did go here, the other 4 times I attempted to like this place I found a reason not to...maybe I'm just male PMSing right now, but it's how I feel, sorry! :)
I'm sticking with four stars. On this visit, I had the Mac-n-Cheese which was amazing. My date had the the Duck Reuben. I'm not even a big fan of duck but I tasted it and it was really good. I also enjoyed a nice hard cider. The quality of the food and drink selection is incredible here, even if a little pricey. The thing that lacks is the service. It took forever to get a refill on my drink and it wasn't that busy this time. But at least our server was friendly. Last time, not so much.
The Blue Monk reminds me a lot of place I really loved in Greensburg. Fancier than the dives I generally frequent, not quite as loud. It is really dark inside. I'd even go so far to say it's moody. We couldn't really get a seat since the place is so small inside, but I can see they have some outdoor seating too for when it's nice outside. I had two 10.5% Belgian Gulden Draak beers from their extensive draft list. I was really surprised at how much I liked them. The bartender was great and when I told him I wanted to try something different but similar he brought me a bottle of Chimay Blue. This bartender was so friendly that the next day when we were walking past he saw us and called out to say hello. That's what I look for in a bar and it's employees. Once I was three strong beers in we decided that it was necessary to have some duck frites since they seem to be so popular. Oh dear sweet duck fat fried lord. I wouldn't even insult these fries with any sort of ketchup or hot sauce. They were beautiful and delicious. I need to sit down and enjoy a full meal here. I have a very serious feeling I will not be disappointed.
We stopped in on a Sunday afternoon when it wasn't so crowded.  My pregnant wife indulged me and even asked about their non-alcoholic beers.  Our waiter noticed her first one came out skunked and went right for another.   I wasn't restricted in the alcohol department and went straight for the Delerium Tremens.  After that the waiter (who's name I've since forgot, I'll blame drinking) recommended a sour beer that he likes (so much so that as his "shift" drink he had four of them the night before).  It was great, although that name also eludes me.  I'll have to go try and find it there sometime... We had the poutine.  Fries cooked in duck fat, cheese, and ... white sauce?  They lost me on the last part.  The fries and cheese need that savory, rich, meaty gravy to set them off.  A duck gravy would have been amazing.   The staff were friendly and helpful.  It's trendy, it's a bit pricey, and it has an interesting selection of beers.  I'm glad we went on an off time, but I'll be happier when the hype dies down.   My biggest criticism is the decor.  I get the beer ads, I see the theme.  Using parts of doors as wainscoting is cute.  But the other random stuff?  Masonic organ pipes?  I associate that throwing of random junk on walls with suburban chain restaurants.
I ate at Blue Monk last night for dinner... we ate at the bar and had a really great time.  I wanted the lobster rolls but they were out, so instead we ordered the Frites, Mussels and the Frito Misto.  I recommend the frites, although I wish they were a bit crispier... we ordered the roasted garlic dip and the Sircha Mayo dip.  Both were tasty.  The mussels were also good and I look forward to returning to try another variety.   As far as the Frito Misto... Maybe if we were sharing it with a few more people it would have been better, but it was a lot of fried stuff - calamari, shrimp, onions, lemon slices and olives... interesting tastes, but we couldn't finish it.   I have heard the burgers are great, so I will go back.
Amazing selection of beers but the food isn't worth the wait, which is usually pretty long. I feel guilty writing this review. Maybe its because the beer selection is so epic that the food seems so secondary. Ok, Ok, one thing to try.  The duck fries. I don't remember what else I ate that night, but the duck fries were canadian poutine fatty bliss.
Fun place to go if it isn't Friday or Saturday, if so be prepared to be overcrowded and screaming at each other to talk(unless you get a seat outside). The rest of the week it's a great place to get a real beer and a bite to eat.
Yet another five-star review from the Knight of the Mournful Countenance!   We have to start out by saying that our server was a dream!  She was attentive, informative, and friendly.  She even brought our nephew sliced grapes and strawberries to eat.  Usually, one has to beg a restaurant for a couple of crackers. She also brought us a few sauces to sample for our frites. The food was outstanding.  The short rib sandwich was one of the most delicious things that we have ever tasted.  The mac and cheese was rich and decadent and served in a cast iron dish.  The frites were very good, although they could have been hotter and crispier.  But the sauces more than made up for it- especially the chipotle bacon mayo.  The Belgian onion soup and charcuterie plate were also very good.   As others have mentioned, the beer selection is astounding.  One side of the beer menu is on tap and the other side is bottles. We will definitely eat here again!  It is refreshing to see a new concept on the Elmwood Strip.
Ah, I remember this when it was a skeevy bar. My father remembers this as a place to get a drink as an underager. (Back when the drinking age was 18). Now, it is a respectable bar serving the beer and the lunch. The beer list is extensive, and while the prices may seem high for the area, the quality of even the cheapest stuff is drastically above the locally adored Labatt. And let me tell you, I love my Canadian beer too. Treat yourself! Drink a beer that's more than a quarter! The food is also good. Not nearly as extensive of a menu as the beer, but you know. You're at a bar. That is known for beer. I hope this place stays. They've def. managed to scrub the skeeze of the previous incarnations out and bring forth something I never thought would be possible - a respectable food and beer joint.
I have gone to the Blue Monk twice in the past month. Despite the lengthy wait for a table I really enjoyed my evening there. Both nights we arrived the bar was quite crowded and noisy. We put our names down for a table and the wait was for over an hour. Thankfully there were many many beers to try. On the second visit I didn't have to drive so I got to have some fun tasting. The beer is a little pricey however it is all imported from Europe, and very tasty. I tried a number of white beers, lagers and ales. Unfortunately I cannot recall any of the names since I didn't recognize any of them. Just ask a bartender to recommend something, you won't be disappointed. The dining area is on the second floor and it was very loud, however it is part of the pub atmosphere. For a starter my girlfriend and I split the Ommegang Hennepin mussels. The broth was a white beer, bacon, onion and blue cheese. I can honestly say that these were the best mussels I have eaten. I would recommend them if you visit. For dinner I had the Blue Monk burger, which was very good. It was a home made patty and the toppings were great. On my return I had the mac and cheese. It was fantastic, with bacon again. I will order this next time I visit. If you ever want to have a fun night out in Buffalo with good food and great beer, I'd recommend the Blue Monk. Just be prepared for a lengthy wait.
I had been wanting to try this place for a while,  and we  finally went with our friends Doug and Rox. The fries done in duck fat were a "must", and were as good as I had hoped they would be. My Thelonius Burger was messy-good and perfectly done. The Draft list was extensive enough to cover all beer tastes, and if I hadn't been driving I'd have enjoyed it even more. We'll definitely be back.
I went here for a work related party and I had heard great things about it previously so I was excited. On Elmwood you usually expect two types of bars: a sports bar that's very casual or a club type societal bar. The Blue Monk is a mix of both. We ran into both businessmen and women as well as people pregaming before a Sabres game. Awesome atmosphere that mixes both styles of the Buffalo bar scene. I had the deer meat chili and it was excellent. The others I was with had other appetizers and they were equally impressed. The Blue Monk's selling point is not its food though, it's the wide range of beers. I'm not much of a beer drinking but even I was impressed with the selection and I feel each selection I made was good, if not interesting at least. I wish they had a "beer expert" that could explain the certain beers better. I went to a bar in Toronto that was very similar to this place but the major difference was every waiter/waitress/bartender obviously knew their beers and could talk forever on each beer and even suggest stuff based on your tastes. It was really crowded on a Friday night when I went so this type of person may exist here but I felt it would have been nice when there is such a wide selection to have someone guide you as most beers are anywhere from $10-15 a pint.
I've been coming here for years.....I'm not really a fan of their menu at all.  Because of this I think I ate here once or twice...I can't even remember what I had.  However for a drinking atmosphere....I love this place!  Their beer selection is outstanding!!! (Coming from a non beer drinking gal...seriously, I only drink beer when I go to Blue Monk because of their amazing selection).  I love that they give you a long detailed beer menu, explaining the flavors in each beer with a decent sized description and the alcohol content.  Because I am not a big beer drinker, I like that I can go through and find flavors and tastes I know I like to help depict which one I am going to order.  (They also will give you samples of anything you want to try before purchasing).  One aggravating thing is that 9 times out of 10, I will pick something off their beer list and they will be out (sigh).  At least there are 20 other options to choose from.   FYI - Depending on the night and the time this place can get REALLY crowded.  Like annoying crowded - aka - can't get to the bar to order a drink, let alone sit at the bar.
Huge fan of this place the beer selection is great and constantly changing. The food is really good. The Veggie Burger is on point same goes to the sweet potato fries. The only problem I have is sometimes the wait staff is a bit lacking. They will forget you are there, No come to the table regularly. It isn't all the time I have had great service there at times. But it seems like the bad wait staff out weight the good. But hey the beer and food is amazing so it makes up for some of the inconvenience. Which is why I still give this place a 4 star.
I can't go any higher than 3 stars, and I'd really hate to give this place 2 stars...since I think it's a great bar BUT a terrible place to eat.   And by "terrible", I mean "YUCK". Listen, the beers are great.  I love that it's a (psuedo) Belgian Beer Bar with 30+ beers on tap.  I love the tastings.  I love the friendly staff (though sometimes a bit clueless/slow).  I want to come here on a warm summer night and sit outside/inside with the big garage doors open.   But my food was awful.  My grilled cheese was not a grilled cheese at all, merely a bunch of cheese wedged between white bread and maybe lightly browned(?).  The cheese was not melted.  Without the melty goodness that is requisite of a grilled cheese, the blue was overpowering.  When I looked at it, I nearly sent it back but I had to jet out quickly for a date.  So, I ate it, begrudgingly.   I don't know why they bother with the duck fat fries.  They don't taste like rediculous duck fat fries.  Just fry them in regular oil and make everyone happy, the duck fat must be sprinkled on.  My friends ordered an appetizer of duck fat fries (with the 2 sauces) and I ordered a side with my grilled cheese (1 sauce).  Their 2 sauces came out, and when I asked for mine (wasabi mayo), the waiter pointed at their sauces.  No, I want MY SAUCE, and I didn't like the attitude.  Oh well, I got my sauce and may I recommend that the Blue Monk folks try Trader Joe's Wasabi Mayo? That shit is the BOMB!
Really solid beer menu. However, food was okay and service was really terrible. Despite only ordering french fries and a cheese plate, it took over an hour for our food to come out. After we had gotten our food, they repeatedly asked if we were finished eating. At one point, they had asked if we needed anything else, and they proceeded to clear off our table even though we still had food on our plates. Finally, the waitress dumped a whole glass of water on me as she was giving us our bill. Nothing was comped and perhaps it is unfair of me to expect some sort of compensation, but after the slow and rude service and after getting water dumped on me, it would have done wonders in making me a much happier customer.
Outstanding.  Best poutine this side of Montreal (french fries fried in duck fat, smothered in cheese and duck gravy), duck reuben is fab, lobster rolls in the summer are terrific.  I've had most things on the menu and have never been disappointed.  A beer drinkers paradise.  $$$
Quick update - my liver hurts. Thank you. The beers are great and I'm loving my new hangout. The servers and bartenders are awesome people - tip them well! The menu, which will begin to be served October 20, will consist of a variety of pub-friendly fare including Duck Frites served with a large variety of dipping sauces, from which you can choose two; mussels steamed one of three ways (1 lb. or 2 lbs.); meatballs oozing with gorgonzola that they have named Blue Balls; a duck confit reuben (droooooool); steak frites, soups and many other things that should satisfy.  I'm excited - it looks like the excellence of the food will match the excellence of the beer selection. A word about the ambiance - I think some people were hoping that Blue Monk would be like a library, where you can relax in fine leather chairs in an oak paneled room, swilling your fine brew and contemplating what is otherwise the banality of life.  No - Blue Monk is more along the lines of a traditional bar with additional beer hall-style seating, which I love. The best patio in Buffalo is now back open as well! My suggestion on a day where bar space is tight - just go sit down upstairs and have somebody bring your beer to you.  Soon enough you'll have food brought to you as well and all the fools hugging the bar are going to wonder why they didn't think of it first.  The best seat in the house is the overhang where the men's bathroom used to be.  I actually had this vicious little girl attorney try to glare at me when I was sitting here - honey, the rest of the room was open, go F off!!  Yeah, the clientele is a mix of the cool and the boring.  I hope things even out after a while. For those who are whining and crying about the fries being cooked in duck fat - I'm told that you weenies (just teasin') will have the option of having your fries cooked in vegetable-based oil.  I'm hoping it's peanut oil, since it's the best frying oil, but I'm bracing myself for complaints over food-based allergies..... *yawn*  You can never win in the food biz, can you?
I really liked this place. the beer selection is absolutely great though can be a little pricey. the food was delicious. the table wait can be long and the place can get crowded. otherwise, no complaints here.
My fiancé and I went here after having a pretty poor meal somewhere else. We came at shift-change, so there was some confusion about who our server would be, but then we received a waitress named Meredith, who was wonderful, and if she's any indication of the quality of this place, then it's tops. She was friendly, knowledgeable, and a welcome relief to a pretty bad evening. This place is a little hard on a vegetarian, but the beer selection more than makes up for it, and the quality of the food is far superior to other supposedly-like joints in the area.
You know, it took moving out of Buffalo to make me long for this place. Alright, it was a favorite hangout of mine for years before that, and I can remembering coming to visit while they were still trying to fill their kitchen, and even now I long for it. Is it perfect in my mind? No, but it's still the closest that I've found. Let's start with the beer selection: absolutely phenomenal. With the sheer number of things on tap, and the extensive bottle collection, I have yet to see it matched by anyone. While on the expensive side for Buffalo, compared to  Philly its absolutely reasonable. While I have found some places near me that have craft beer at cheaper prices, not a one holds a candle to the food here. The frites are the guiltiest of guilty pleasure (I recommend the sea salt and garlic and truffled ketchup dips) and I love their sandwiches, fish and chips and Carbonade Flammande and I will still drop practically everything for the ever changing and surprisingly affordable specials. Disclaimer: the place gets insanely crowded on weekend nights, and if you're looking more for food the best bet you're going to see is during early evening on weeknights when the cooks can pay the most attention to your food and more importantly the waiters continue to bring it. When they can't, you start getting food which has been sitting for a while and has lost its luster.
I wish this was located in Toronto instead of Buffalo.  I would be a frequent visitor.  There isn't much to say - this place is really good. The good: - extensive beer list and everything our group had was good.  There were a lot of draughts available that we cannot get in Ontario. - the food was EXCELLENT - 2 duck rubins with duck fat fries and 1 beef on weck sandwich with house made chips were huge hits... The duck fat fries were excellent - I have had them before at other places and they were really subtle here which was a major win. - cheap night out - 4 people: 3 sandwiches, 1 soup entree, 8 beers = $120... mike and I spend that much at Queen and Beaver on 2 people in Toronto in 1 night. - free, unlocked wifi - this was awesome because we could use our phones for a second without paying international roaming.  This is SO highly appreciated - I don't know if they know, but it means a lot to us to have free wifi.  I just want to check in on Yelp and maybe upload some instagram pics (instagr.am/p/m9kF) and download my emails.  This is a huge deal to me, and I really appreciate it. The bad: - the dining room - they brought our bill without asking (we would have stayed for another one) and generally rushed us when we weren't in a rush and wanted to hang around. - that's my major complaint...  They wanted to turn our table too quickly, which I kind of understand since we were done eating dinner, but it was a bit off-putting and we would have ordered more beers - however we wanted to sit at the table we had already secured, not stand in the crowded bar.  They actually brought the bill right after they brought Mike another beer, so he had a full pint in front of him and then 30 seconds later, the bill. - bathrooms not great - one sink was broken and one stall was out of TP (at 6pm).  Not dirty though... just ill maintained. - decor was... umm... I don't want to say terrible, but it isn't interesting and... let's go ahead and go with terrible.  Especially in the dining room.  It feels like it has no personality/the personality of a 50 year old woman who watches a lot of HGTV. - there aren't a lot of vegetarian things here... not an issue for my group yesterday but note that if you have one in your midst.  I noticed vegan fries, a few salads and a grilled cheese sandwich for the meat free options. I would rather eat here than anywhere else in Buffalo.  The end.
- Duck Fried Frites - SanFran Frites - Blue Balls - Colorado Elk Burger The food is made by foodies for foodies; it's good to say the least. They have more exotic (I guess) food then the usual with elk burger and with their fries fried in duck fat. Even the regular fair such as fish and chips are prepared very well and just tastes great. Unfortunately I couldn't have any beer. It was a pretty expensive meal (around 26-30 per person; two apps, three beers, and 5 entries (So maybe not too bad?)). Long waits for late nights on Sat. but don't complain because it's a Sat. night; go early and then you won't wait as long.
I am going to make this short and sweet. I have NEVER had a bad experience at Blue Monk. Really excellent service, better beer, and even better food. Get the duck frites. That's it, thank me later
Went with a group before a game and alerted the server we had a time issue. She was great about it.  Food was very good. The special was Korean tacos oh so good. We had a marvelous beet salad too. Duck Ruben was crispy on the outside gooey in the center.  Suggestion- Get the fries and dipping sauces, try a few different beers with the courses.  Beer choices made the food- yes that is the point of the place, so try not to take people with you who do not get it.
Shelby was such a great waitress. The other waitresses seemed pretty stuck up. Ask for her when you come here. Also, expect to wait if you want a table!! There was a wait even at 530p!! The bar area was fairly packed at the time. I had the ahi tuna tacos and ultimate grilled cheese. I would consider the ahi tuna taco to be Asian fusion? It had pickled carrots and daikon. It was just okay, I do not remember liking the tortilla they used. The ultimate grilled cheese with spinach was delectable but also on the salty side. The chips that they came with were also tasty and made well. I also had some of the best beer I've ever had due to the recommendation from Shelby!
There are a lot of good beers here but I really didn't like the atmosphere.  The people were lame, there was no where to sit, and it takes forever to get waited on.  Also, the few times I have done food there, the service has been HORRIBLE.  We waited 45 minutes for fries.  One time, the upstairs smelled so bad we left.  There is a lot of hype around this place because of the unique beers but its severely lacking.  I wish I could give it a 2 1/2
Let's start off by saying the service was incredible.  When we arrived, the bar packed shoulder to shoulder.  The hostess seated us immediately and the server was super attentive! They'll give you samples of different beers if you're not familiar with the selection.  I absolutely love this restaurant!  I'm not a beer drinking so going to a pub with so much variety I was estatic to find 3 beers I loved (My favorite was #13 on tap March 9th menu)!  And the food...OMG so good!  We opted for the duck frietes for a starter.  So good, I reccommend everyone get them to start.  I ended up having the Thelonius Burger.  It was made perfectly and needed no extra attention with condiments.  Amazing.  I will definitely be back there.  The price was up there compared to other Elmwood staples but if you are looking for a great atmosphere and amazing food, then don't walk, run there!
Perfection wrapped in poutine and washed down with great beer. My favorite spot in Buffalo!
The long and the short: Best Brunch in Buffalo (and that's saying a lot cuz I love Trattoria Aroma for Brunch, especially their various incarnations of the Bloody Mary).  When I last visited the establishment I ordered Veal Sweatbreads with a poached egg over an english muffin with a chanterelle/asparagus hollandaise.  It was perfect...I really mean that.  The sweatbreads were perfectly prepared...and the chanterelles were sauteed to the perfect consistency.  Not only was this dish perfectly in harmony...it actually screamed THIS IS HOW BRUNCH IS SUPPOSED TO TASTE!!  Throw in a make-your-own Bloody Mary bar* (with an excellent assortment of pickles and hot sauces(and your choice of Tomato Juice, V-8 or Clamato)) I truly enjoyed this brunch. Sidenote: the regular menu sounds nice, but I haven't had anything yet that I can rave about.  The duck frites were tasty...but not spectacular (of course there is a wonderful selection of dipping sauce...god I love dips).  Though I've heard the poutine was wonderful just haven't tried it yet.  The duck reuben was good but didn't blow me away, and I thought the braised shortrib sandwich was a bit lack-lustre.  This place has a lot of potential they just need to sharpen it up a bit.  They suffer from the same problem as O'Connell's Hourglass...great ingredients and creative ideas with mediocre follow-through.  Remember chefs: taste is the most important part.  Just because it sounds nice on the menu doesn't mean it tastes great.  You can have the best ingredients, but a meal must work together as a whole...and potentially showcase those great ingredients.  Example...the Duck Reuben was really tasty...but it didn't scream duck to me...it could have been easily substituted for any other fowl.  Perhaps a nice duck confit...and play down the more aggressive flavors to try and showcase the subtle tastes of the duck.   With that aside, I won't stop going here mainly because the menu has so much potential...I just hoped for so much more (which the brunch did provide).  Perhaps with some time this truly creative chef will gain some focus...making Blue Monk la gastropub extraordinaire. Oh yeah...and their beer selection is AWESOME...ok not just awesome...best in Buffalo on both breadth and depth!! (forgot to mention that)   *I truly believe that horseradish and citrus ruin a Bloody Mary and instead the focus should be on Worcestershire, celery salt and flavorful heat.  Leave it out bartenders...not needed!!
So we went here for my 21st birthday and were told a one hour wait at 7pm.  We got drinks and continued to remind them that we were here.  By 9:45 we were still not seated as we watched a bunch of tables that came in after us get seated.  Unbelievable.  I've never waited 2 hours and 45 minutes to sit anywhere.  They clearly had no intention to seat us so we left.   Great beer.  I mean the place has amazing beer.  Every beer I had was amazing but I ended up leaving hungry.  How could you not love the beer here?  Terrible wait and service for food.  Go elsewhere for parties of 5 or more.
It was great! Loved the duck poutine it was a huge portion. I would recommend splitting it as an appetizer around a table of about 4ish. I ate some and took the rest home to reheat in the oven the next day, it was alright reheated but it was almost not worth it. I don't remember the name, but #3 on their beer list is spectacular. It was recommend to me because I'm a Blue Moon fan in terms of my usual, cheap, go-to beer. It finished clean and was very refreshing. I also had the pot pie and while it was good, I wish it was constructed differently. The pie crust was not flaky enough for me. But the lamb sauté was so tasty. Cauliflower on the side was also tasty when eaten with the innards of the pie. My friend got the burger with the blue cheese crumble and was quite happy. I had a couple of bites and thought it was good but I'm not a huge blue cheese fan so I can't really make an accurate assessment. It's a teensy bit pricey (though I am a teensy bit cheap), but well worth it. The atmosphere was also great! I can't wait to visit again when the front windows/garage doors are open to Elmwood, seems like it will be a good time.
A big blue colored outside kind of gave this place away. Located on a nicer street in Buffalo NY. Seems like a relatively bustling area with a lot of pedestrians window shopping at the variety of small stores. This place is obvious and has a nice little outdoor seating area that's great for the summer weather here. Upon entering, you'll notice first that the setup seems a lot roomier than most pubs. This is because the ceiling is raised to 2 stories high. Big windows in the front of the building lets light in. Lots of beer related decor adoring the walls. Looking into the place, you'll see the bar on the right against the wall that could comfortably seat close to 12 or so people. Many taps with simple handles line the bar. Forward and to the left is the hostess station. Directly left is the door to the outdoor seating area. There's a lot of room in this bar area. No tables are set up here. I'm assuming people usually stand around here. Looking directly ahead you'll see 5 or so steps leading up to a dining area. Looks like it can seat close to 30 people. Not a dark place at all. It's nicely lit and not too loud (although during the busier hours, it gets rather cramped and loud). This is making a great impression already! There was only 1 other person at the bar (it was like 1pm on Friday) and the dining area was relatively full so I took a seat at the bar. The bartender noticed immediately and gave me a brief rundown of the draft menu. He happily gave me a couple samples of beer before I ordered. A very decent selection of Belgian beers with a healthy mix of local beers and other craft brews. I got a Chouffe Houblon and a Smuttynose brown. The bottle list was pretty extensive too. Lots of quality beers. They definitely took a page out of Monk's Cafe in Philly. I think this is modeled after them. Of course, the location (B-lo) makes it a little more difficult to get certain beers... I got the Duck Reuben with Duck Frites. The reuben was delicious. Very unique, very well made. The duck meat was flavorful, moist, had a very nice tender texture, and the red cabbage had a great cabbage sweetness with a touch of vinegar and earth. The duck frites, however, were less than impressive. Not much flavor, somewhat cold, and not very crispy at all. Monk's Cafe Belgian Frites are definitely better. I must therefore deduct a bit from the quality and food department. The price is typically around $10-12 for a sandwich. You have to add $2 to substitute duck fries in place of the Monk's Chips. Since then, I've had the mussels, which were quite good, especially with the bleu cheese. Very vibrant flavors, which went extremely well with the Tilquin's Gueuze on tap. Appetizers are pricey too, nearly everything was over $6, most were around $9-12. Overall, this is a place with a great atmosphere and seems like a very cool hangout, especially for beergeeks like me. One of the waitresses used to work at Monk's Cafe in Philly, so it's definitely legit. The bartender and waitresses know their stuff and are very friendly. I would probably come here more for the beer than the food, but of course, this is personal preference. It's different from your average pub/bar and definitely a place to which I will return. This review is for 4.25 stars, but be sure to come during an off-hour, for it gets rather packed and loud otherwise. One of the better beer bars in upstate NY. The other bar I highly recommend is Donnelly's Publick House in Fairport, NY.
I've always passed on Blue Monk because after 9pm on fri/sat, it is loud and so packed that people are literally spilling out through the rails around the establishment. This past weekend however, it was quiet around 6pm right after the Elmwood Art Festival. Glad I went. There are TONS of belgian beers available for very affordable prices! Highlight of Buffalo is that beer is MUCH cheaper than it is in NYC. I think most of the beers were 6-7 bucks each. The original plan was to snack here. Except my two "snacks" here were deceptively filling and I didn't eat for the rest of the evening. I had the duck frites, which comes with the options to pick 2/5 different sauces! Options were- chipotle bacon, dill mayo, garlic mayo, honey cayenne ketchup, sriracha mayo. TRY THE BACON DIP! Yummy for 6 bucks. Next, I tried the mussels cooked in ommegang hennepin- It was DELICIOUS! Mussels were cooked with the beer, cheese, and thick juicy chunks of bacon. Blue Monk bakes their own tiny fresh loaves of bread. Service: Very cute-looking hostesses/waitresses who are very friendly, great conversationalists. My napkin was meticulously folded and water was poured when needed. Bottom line: Fries and mussels split between two people + 1 beer was enough to fill ME up for the rest of the night. In fact, I felt so full I thought I was going to be sick.  Come here when it's not crazy crowded so you can hear yourself talk. This place is awesome for belgian beer.
I LOVE Blue Monk!  Amazing beer selection, delicious menu (especially the Poutine), fun crowd, overall favorite bar in Elmwood!
So this is the second time I've been to the Blue Monk (to eat) so it's time for a review. Although their imported beer offering is extensive, it seems a tad bit pricey and I would like to see more lighter, less alcoholic type beers (is their such a thing in Europe?). The food here is very good and a couple steps above what you would expect at a tavern, but then again this is no ordinary tavern, and some would cringe at me for calling it this. Their burgers are great and the mussel pots are fantastic. I just had the Hennepin Mussel pot and was completely satisfying... a delicious choice for lunch. The eating area here is not very large, so they may have trouble for large groups, but it's a great, casual place to hang out with friends or business associates and have good food and drink. If your not concerned about your budget and looking for a nice treat, Blue Monk is a great option.
The beer was good but the food really needs work. It was so greasy! And I wish they had more healthy/vegetarian options. My husband and I both got sick the next day but not sure if it was from Blue Monk or the slice of pizza we had at Powder Keg....
Amazing beer selection, mostly Belgians but some other European beers and American craft beers as well.  The bartender (maybe her name was Alison?) was extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  I had the Duck BLT with duck frites and both were fantastic.  I highly recommend this place and will definitely be coming back next time I'm in Buffalo.
Nice atmosphere and very good beer selection but the food doesn't really do it for me and it's a bit on the pricey side.
I did not go here for food. The beer selection here is really good. I noticed alot of Belgian Whites which I don't see much. It was not way to crowded when I went but it also was not dead. Just right. Something I think is not mentioned enough is just how nice the bar actually looks inside. Very clean, well lit, furnished wood, and very high cielings making the bar seem that much more bigger. The bartender me and my friend had seemed to be very knowledgable of the beers on tap and you got a sense that he really enjoyed what he did. Good place in my book.
Love their Duck Frites!   They also have many choices including a different daily choice of mussels.   A go-to everytime I'm in Buffalo
There's no place like Buffalo, and the Blue Monk helps to prove that.  Each time I think I have her figured, she surprises me again, and again.  Growing up in the area, but having been on the road now for the past 21 years, (all 50 states and 34 other countries) I always compare my new experiences to the great things we've always had in WNY.  That said, one of my first trips abroad happened to be to Belgium, and before I even left the airport I was reeling from the fantastic Trappist ales.  Someone should really warn the uninitiated that these beers are different, and to not expect to toss back six or seven without noticing it.  After I found my run away bar stool I learned as much as I could about the Belgian beers from the bartender, and have ever since been on a quest for bars that serve them.  While there are all sorts of gastronomic reasons that the Trappist beers are superior to all other ales, I tend to stick to the one truly unique aspect of these special brews:  They're Blessed by God.  How can they not be good?   Which of course brings us to the Blue Monk.  While I have found beer bars that of course serve the specialty Belgian beers, I've not found even one that specializes in them.  Leave it to Buffalo!  Micro Brews, and local brews, and witches brews are great, but it's seemed to me that America has been neglecting what was already perfected in Belgium hundreds of years ago by not celebrating the great Trappist brews.  Nothing wrong with the other stuff, much of its is fantastic in its own right and worthy of showcasing, but why ignore the past, particularly when its sooooo tasty?  And thus, Well done Blue Monk, Well Done Blue Monk, Well Done! Visiting here for the first time, I really enjoyed the crowd.  Very busy, but not impossible to get around.  In fact, and take notes please, I asked a group to let me through to make an order at the bar, and they stepped aside with a smile.  Buffalo!  It was loud in the bar, loud enough that if there was music playing I never even heard it, just the roar of lots of happy people talking...in my opinion, better than any music anyways. This place is great, really great, and I hear they serve food too!  Maybe next time... Oh yes, and by the way, Chimay Blue is the best Beer in the whole world!
This place is my new favorite! I used to go to Coles before and haven't gone back since the Monk. The beer selection is amazing. The fries are hella good! The duck Reuben is amazing! Can't complain. Solid place to get a few drinks and meet some new people!
My date and I had a MOST enjoyable evening out here... the place was comfortable but not shoulder-to-shoulder tight with people. Among other things we had (Fries, Duck Rueben, and a few beers off of the rather staggeringly extensive Tap list) a truly outstanding Rabbit dish that was the special that night. Braised and just. utterly. yummy.
I'm a big fan of Blue Monk.  I like the laid back, eclectic atmosphere & the awesome beer selection.   Cons:  The wait can be long           The service is slow Pros:  Brunch is Yummy          Atmosphere is great          Staff is SUPER friendly I have one major gripe-  There is a really nice & quiet beer garden/patio space in back with picnic tables etc etc... but they DONT serve food back there.  For a place as busy as Blue Monk can be, it seems like a waste to not offer that area as outdoor dining space.  Instead - patio diners are forced to wait for one of  6 or 7 outdoor street-side tables to become available.
I've been here twice, and had two massively different experiences. First was this past summer, where I enjoyed some duck fries and Bloody Marys in the beer garden during the Elmwood Festival of the Arts.  What a great time!  Relaxing, delicious and tipsy!  I'd do that again in a heartbeat. The second was in early December.  Now, granted, it was prime bar time on a Saturday night, but I really didn't know you could have that many people in there and have it still be legal.  We got halfway in ("Excuse me, pardon me, sorry!'"), couldn't get to the bar, and decided that this was in no way relaxing.  So we sucked in our stomachs and shimmied our way out ("Sorry!  Excuse me!  Yeah, hello again, thatbeerlooksdeliciousbye!").   I'm sure this predicament was just a side effect of this place being SO AWESOME but be warned. Also, it's in that tricky part of Elmwood where there's never anywhere to park when it's too cold to walk.   I look forward to trying to go back and get drunk on some delicious Belgian brews. Also, duck fries.  Your argument is invalid.
Poutine, duck fries, great bear selection!
Fun place, great bartenders. Can get busy at times but thats not a bad thing. I would give them 5 stars if they had more IPA's.
Drinks were good. But the food is always way too salty. I have been there 3 times and the food was just over loaded with salt. And the food selection was meh. The duck fries were good.
How exciting that Buffalo has a place like this now! I had two fabulous beers on tap (Delirium Tremens and something else), tasty mussels, and some wonderful duck-fat fries. (When you order the fries, you get to choose two of six yummy dips for them - neat!) The interior is very warm and inviting, and it will be great when the patio is open during summer. I'll definitely be back soon!
Sat at the bar on a Monday night. Good crowd, friendly folks to chat with and very good food. I had the duck frites with a couple tasty dipping sauces and the short ribs sandwich that was spot on. Also a good selection of beers on tap...Casual atmosphere invites you to sit, relax and enjoy.
the formidable beer menu is the focus. it's heaven to someone with a palate past pabst.  you can have a very good time with a beer & some frites and call it a success.  I see others raving about the food, and I see the opportunity for greatness, but what ended up coming out from the kitchen that night seemed hit & miss. as it is touted as a gastropub, we were hoping to enjoy something great to eat.  we were in town during restaurant week and was disappointed to find there was no veg option.  we moved on to the menu & had the frites (hold the duck fat!) and the beet salad, which were both aces. the mac & cheese was pasty & unseasoned and the pasta was cooked to a dissolving pulp. it was so beyond what we considered acceptable that we decided not to send it back, as we lost all hope of it improving.  we decided to call it quits at this point, as it was getting late.   The waitstaff was charming and earned their tip in addition to our respect.  the server we had knew the beer menu & was able to offer suggestions based on what we were already familiar with on the menu.   one last note -  the biggest downfall was the sound level.  they really need to invest in some creative sound baffling, as the racket of the crowd is mindbogglingly ridiculous.  there is only so much yuppy banter that one can take when you turn the sound up to eleven.
beers great, foods alright, honestly over rated.
Food was great. Had the Braised Short Rib sandwich. Food took a long time to be served. Wait staff was very cordial. Atmosphere is Germany meets New Orleans in France. Lol. Would recommend for a leisurely lunch.
Went to the Blue Monk while I was attending a class in buffalo. I thought everything about this place was great. Though some the people in my group did not agree. Looking at the menu, you may not be used to some of the items or how they word them. But if you keep an open mind when you go in, you wont be disappointed. Went around 630pm and was able to get a table inside right away. Waiter we had was very helpful and knowledgeable on all the beer that was available.     They had a huge variety of beer on tap and in bottles. I had one that had a grapefruit taste, was very good cant remember the name. The menu had a variety of items that I found delicious. Duck Frites (French Fries cooked in Duck Fat), Belgian Onion Soup, Nano's Wedge Salad, and the Blue Monk Burger. I didn't get any dessert, but someone I was with said the cheesecake was amazing. If you are in the buffalo area and looking for a good place to eat and drink, Blue Monk is the place to go.
Never had a bad experience and the mussels are amazing!
Food is ok. If you like beer this is the place to go. Awesome beer selection.
Huge selection of beers and a great beer garden to hang out in, but service is terrible. We have been here numerous times, since it is walking distance from our place, and we always regret the times we have chosen to eat here. It always takes upwards of 15 minutes of us awkwardly standing at the hostess stand, located right in the middle of the bar area, to even be acknowledged by any of the staff. The hostess and waitresses walk by the hostess stand constantly, but will ignore any attempts to get their attention. A simple "be with you in minute" would be greatly appreciated. Once we finally are seated it usually takes another 15 mins before anyone comes to take our order. Two days ago on our most recent visit it took 45mins for our food to come...and they got the order wrong, plus they waited all that time to tell us the app we ordered is no longer part of their menu...why was it on the menu then and why didn't the waitress tell us that when we ordered it?? At that point we were so hungry we just ate our food and left, and vowed to never again make the mistake of eating there. In summary, this is a great place to come for some beers, but not to eat.
Marty the bartender was excellent. My girlfriends and I stopped in after a full day of shopping on Elmwood.  He was funny, helpful and quick to suggest holiday drinks and different appetizers.  We had a blast. Bathrooms were clean. Food was very tasty.  The poitene was excellent so was the cheese plate.  Music was fun and not too intrusive.
Second time we've been here and both times the food, atmosphere, and beer were amazing. Definitely a place I'd recommend!!!
Phenomenal beer selection and the Ultimate Grilled Cheese lived up to its name.
Great beer and wonderful food. Gets crowded in the evenings, but has a nice porch to people watch or enjoy a casual lunch. Food and beer are pricy, but worth every penny.
Amazing food. BAD SERVICE! The mussels are amazing, and the beer section is great. But the servers are not helpful, or nice. Its a great place they just need to loose the pretentious bs. Havent been back in a while because the last time there waitress was so awful. ORDER the mussels/ duck fries. Delish!
Blue Monk has an awesome beer selection and always a fun time, if you go when it's not extremely crowded. The only thing is, the bartenders are not so great. they're not very attentive, and every time we choose to sit at the bar because usually that means faster service, but nope, they'd rather be cleaning their glasses and wiping them down and avoid eye contact with you at all cost. I don't think they know all the different beer characteristics as well as they should either, which is a bummer because you would think that at a specialty beer bar like that they'd hire bartenders who are experts at all the beers that they offer. We tried the food for the first time last night, the belgium onion soup was good in taste, the onions nicely melt in your mouth, not overly salty, but the cheese was not baked enough on top and the soup was not as hot as I would have liked it. It was luke warm at best... I went with the Duck Confit Reuben - it was amazing. Definitely a must-have. The homemade chips were disappointing because they were cold and some were soggy. If they served them hot and fresh out of the fryer, they would have been excellent. The biggest disappointment was the burger. My bf ordered it medium well, it came out pretty much rare. He NEVER sends food back, but he had to just this once... it took them another 20 minutes to come back out with it because they made a new one instead of just reheating the old one, which was nice, except again, the burger came out just about medium rare-medium, so slightly better than the last but still not what he asked for and he didn't end up eating it. The bartender was nice enough to take it off the tab which was greatly appreciated because we didn't ask him to, so we ended up just giving him a good tip, even though he was not as attentive as any good bartender should be when the place was half-empty... Overall, it's a great beer bar - still excellent to check out just for some beer-drinking, and I would definitely go back for the duck confit reuben, or maybe try the braised short rib sandwich or the mussels, and upgrade the chips to the duck fries (fried in duck fat). They can't be serving cold fries, right? well let's hope so.
Amazing beer list. Duck fries with a bunch of interesting dipping sauces, some flavors that were totally new to me. My server was very knowledgeable and always around when I needed her. The menu is very interesting with lots of creative touches - red wine risotto for example. If they had happy hour I'd give them five stars because those beers will run up your bill.
Known for their beers and mussels... .this is a lively bar that seems to be consistently crowded.  The food was okay, but I can definitely appreciate their beer selection.  Parking is always a burn out but that's what Elmwood is like.
Last time I came here, I wasn't impressed w/ the food.  However after another go around, the duck frites impressed me this time.  The Blue Monk burger (topped w/ caramelized onions and bleu cheese) though was disappointing - the ingredients mirrored that of the Father's Office burger in LA.  The best part about this place is still the extensive beer menu and the server's knowledge of beer.  I've still yet to find an entree that I like though but might have to go for the mussels or the other burger next time.
I love the blue monk. It is exactly the kind of place Buffalo was missing. The beer selection is beyond extensive and they keep it rotating. Food is equally delicious, albeit a bit rich. The duck fries are a go to favorite,  along with the mussels, and range of nightly specials. Servers are all very knowledgeable about the beer, and willing to give out samples, which is a nice way to experiment with unusual beers. The atmosphere is warm and charming, and there is always a nice crowd, making it the perfect place to meet a friend for a round  or two. Drinks are pricey for Buffalo standards.
This place is the bomb. I moved to Buffalo just this year and have probably been here every month since. They have an amazing selection of beers that you usually don't find in normal places. The beer garden in the back is one of my favorite features. Countless lawn chairs, umbrellas, and picnic tables to enjoy on summer nights while drinking many of the beers on tap. The food here is outstanding as well. My favorite is the macaroni and cheese. It has a very energetic atmosphere which i enjoy as well. This place is the best!
Lots of yummy beer on tap as well as good bar food. My eyes were bigger than my stomach because I ordered the cold curry soup, duck fries, and Belgium mussels. All were delicious. This would be a good place to grab a drink as well.
Far and away the best high end beer list in Buffalo. Blue Monk is the first bar in Buffalo that really embraces beer as something classy.  Its not that I don't love the Pizza Plants, Coles, Goodbar & the like but they're pizza, burger and wing places that happen to have really good beer.  At Blue Monk the beer takes center stage.  The bottle list is good but the 32 drafts warm this jaded beer geek's heart - high end Belgians that have never been available in Buffalo before pop up at an alarming rate, as do stunningly good favorites, like St. Bernardus 12.  For God's sake this place had Cantillon Iris on tap for their first week.  It isn't all Belgians - Ithaca Flower Power makes appearances, as does Great Lakes Edmund Fitzgerald and other platonic ideals of beer styles from around the world.  The list highlight's some of today's best brewers - Mikkeller, Nogne, Stillwater, Glazen Toren, Dupont, De Dolle.  If these brewers get you excited this is the place for you.   What I've had of the food has been very good.  Initially the fries weren't crispy enough but they seem to be getting better about that.  I've had a few of the mussel dishes & always been satisfied.  The Poutine is good, though the amount of cheese, gravy & meat associated with said gravy seems to vary a bit.  Speaking of the poutine - its huge.  You can probably split it with a friend as a meal.  I haven't had the charcuterie plate yet, but I would imagine they are buying their sausage from Spars so it'll be good.  Most friends I've spoken with have been quite happy with other things they've ordered from the menu. The only problem here is the size of the room.  It gets crowded at night.  Which is great for them, it just isn't what i"m looking for these days.  Not really a problem, as I'm rarely out past 10 anymore.   If beer isn't your thing there is a bar stocking high end liquors.  No well. If you live in Buffalo, or if you're visiting buffalo & want good food and great beer come here.  You won't be sorry.
Don't expect to leave sober. Even if you resign to have only one or two drinks here, its going to mess you up. All beers on tap are high ABV and delicious to boot.  Food is offbeat and consistently good. Service is ehh on a busy weekend night, but not bad. Each time I've been here I've ended up staying until they closed because of the great atmosphere and seriously great beers.
What a great place.  My boyfriend and I spent the weekend in/around Buffalo.  I found Blue Monk via Yelp and was not disappointed.  Great beer selection and great food.  A duck reuben sandwich served with frech fries that are deep fried in duck fat?  Yes, please!  The mussels were also great, but they were SUPER stingy with the bread.  You can't sop up the sauce without bread!!  The only drawback to this place is that there's really not much seating.  We had a table in the back and were practically eating in the kitchen.  Kinda awkward.  But, man, that food was great!
So, I'm kind of a beer snob.  Out here on he West Coast, we take our beer very very seriously, and, quite frankly, the beer on my business trip out here has not been particularly good.  (Seriously, Toronto, you're a really cool big city, but you seriously have to get your shit in order, stat.  No, I don't want to drink Molson.) A few days after leaving Canada, I met with a friend who's from Buffalo.  Now, Buffalo is kind of lame, since it's a dying city and all, but it does have a couple strips of really cool and really cheap bars.  And the Blue Monk has (a) an enormous, tasty beer selection and (b) it's pretty cheap.  Five stars for getting drunk on good, cheap beer.
Beer selection fabulous.   Food - unique and good.   Had an unfortunate experience while I was there however - someone walked off with my leather gloves.   Interestingly, I was sitting at a counter on the 2nd level where the only folks that could have gotten close to the area where I was seated were employees.   LESSON -     KEEP AN EYE ON YOUR STUFF AT ALL TIMES.
Not much room, but this is one of the hottest places in town right now! Tons of on-tap beer and arnd 80 bottled beers  food is up-scale bar food. Pretty good!
Hidden gem of Buffalo. We read the reviews on Yelp and decided to try it out. Nice selection of draft beers and tasty apps. Def was supprised. If you are in Buffalo thi s is a must stop
This place kind of blows my mind. They have a constant selection of beer from around with world, they fry their fries in duck fat and they have a real beer garden in back (weather permitting of course, this is Buffalo). The beer is good, of course it is, its kind of the focus. They have like 39 beers on tap and even more offered by the bottle. What I think goes unnoticed really is, the food. The duck confit reuben is the best sandwich I've ever had. Its the perfect take on the classic. Everything else is great too, did I mention they put gruyere on like everything?  The food is so reasonably priced, you'll probably spend more on the beer, but its worth it because its the kind of young, cool spot that Buffalo has been asking for, for years.
We came here for an early dinner after a Nickel City Chef competition last Sunday on the first really warm weekend of the year. Was this place jumpin'! People had spilled out onto the sidewalk and the bar was packed. Loud music, boisterous people and lots of fun. I love this place! I never thought we'd get a table but there were actually a few of them free upstairs. Really great, new-fashioned comfort food. We, of course, had a large serving of Duck Frites for the table. You simply cannot come here and not have them. These are wonderful home made fries made in duck fat. All 4 of us had different sandwiches: a duck Reuben, blue monk burger, grilled cheese, and my boar burger. All were served with home made, dark, crispy potato chips. Let me tell you, I am a potato chip EXPERT and these are incredible, but I digress. My boar was flavorful, tender, perfectly cooked and served with a nice mozzarella cheese and the usual accoutrement. My companions all loved their sandwiches but I think there's a  duck Reuben there with my name on it!
Whew, what an experience for a Wednesday evening. My brother and I had just gotten some sushi at Kuni's and decided we needed some additional drinks so I suggested Blue Monk. Every time I try to come here it's packed and since I don't like crowds I thought I'd check it out on a Wednesday at like 7pm... couldn't be that bad right?! The bar/restaurant itself wasn't too crowded which was great. There are SO many beer options. I told the bartender how I like lighter beers and he gave me exactly what I wanted. Meanwhile, I made a new friend at the bar whom we shall call "New Bro." Wow. After about 20-30 minutes of placating this young man I decided my real brother and I needed to make our escape ASAP. The employees of Blue Monk were very helpful and in an instant I thought we were part of an underground railroad plan, particularly when they offered to take us through the kitchen in order to get to the Beer Garden. I put my big girl pants on and went out the main entrance around the corner to discover an awesome Beer Garden. There was even a waitress out there cocktailing so we didn't have to go back inside and get stuck talking to Mr. New Bro. I was disappointed the food was a bit on the pricey side but I'm sure it would have been delicious had we tried it. Yes, you're right, I had just come from eating sushi... #FoodieStatus. Anyways, I would recommend Blue Monk to anyone who enjoys a nice cold beer. Like I said before, there is a vast selection, the food looked amazing, there's always a good crowd, and there's both inside and outside to choose from. Seems like a great place to grab a drink and hang with friends... and meet New Bro.
I live about an hour north of Albany, making it a bit of a trek for me to get to Buffalo. I found this place online about a year ago, and have been trying to find an excuse to make it out to Buffalo ever since. I finally did recently, and made it a point to go to the Blue Monk during my visit. I am so happy that I did. Although the reviews that attest to the noise level are true, I found that I was overall unaffected by it at my table that was directly outside of the restaurant. As an avid craft beer drinker, I expected to see a good deal of beers on the menu that I had tried at some point, which turned out to be false. The beer list wad quite unique, filled with tasty sounding Belgian beers that were not the standard choices like Delirium and Hogaarden. Both my wife and I ordered a beer that we had never heard of before, and were very pleased that they were served in the correct glasses and at the correct temperature. We got mac and cheese as an appetizer, which was deliciously creamy, with a nice crunchy bread crumb topping. For my meal, I ordered their artichoke and chic pea veggie burger, which, I'm not at all reluctant to claim, was the absolute best veggie burger that I've had in my life. My wife ordered some kind of a steak and ale pie, which she could not stop raving about. I've heard from Western New York natives that it is the best place on Earth. Some cite the hockey teams as a reason. Others cite the abundance of Wegman's or Mighty Taco as a reason. All of them have been wrong. It is the Blue Monk. After my meal there, I am considering moving to Buffalo just to be closer to this place.
We were treated like second class citizens. Racist establishment. I can see why there were no people of color at this bar bc our money was no good here. Stay. Away.
Always crowded, but then again - I see why. Great beers on tap (perhaps the best beer list in Buffalo) as well as tasty (yet slightly pricy) bar snacks. It's a good time.
I just was not impressed (sorry, i like to start strong.) i will keep this review pretty simple. I can see why people would come here for the bar atmosphere (plenty of beers on tap and what also appears to be a full bar.) it is centrally located in the elmwood area, the atmosphere is unique. Where Blue Monk misses the mark at based off of my experience was the food. I ordered the fries (which was apparently a staple and go to) and a blue monk burger. These items are not incredibly complex and i imagine are common on the menu. The vegetables on the burger looked like they came out of a garden on American horror story, the fries were soggy and overly seasoned. To top it off the medium burger i asked for was more like medium rare and not flavorful to the palette. I was really enjoying fantasizing about this place but I am not in a huge rush to return back. The upside is that the service was pretty friendly & I really enjoyed my cabernet but thats probably because I may be a lush. Kudos
This place was really great. I brought my boyfriend here the Sunday before labor day, not sure what to expect.  It wasn't too busy; we waited about 45 minutes for a table, but there was enough space at the bar to sit so we opened a tab.  I tried the Community Beer Works De Maas on tap (lowest abv on the board for the DD). My boyfriend had a few different beers. Once we got the table we ordered the duck frites. I don't usually enjoy duck but their fat for frying is fine by me! We were able to get 2 dipping sauces, and we picked truffle ketchup and honey cayenne. Both were delightful!  There was a downside though. we told the waitress that we had a tab open and she said that they "like to keep them separate" so I closed the bar tab, and when she came back to our table she told us she could merge them. If only she told us that right away.... other than that perfect. sooo many beers to choose from, good food, and a nice crowd.
Drinks menu (beer specifically) was excellent! Food menu was quite small. Food nice enough but def come here for more beeer than food. Servers etc good though.
Great beer but don't expect any $1 drafts.  Most entrées are price at $10 or less.  Hard to believe this place is the old Merlin's.
I love Blue Monk....it is a great atmosphere with delicious food and awesome beer selection. I definitely enjoy myself most when Mike, Steve, or Mel are working the bar - they are simply the best! They let you try any beer to make sure you like it, they get to know your tastes and make recommendations, and they make you feel welcome and comfortable. Great foods: Mac and cheese, duck frites, chipotle bacon aioli, grilled cheese, mussels, burgers, short rib sandwich, tortas, etc etc etc. it's all good. All of it.
Frites were okay(could have come out of the kitchen hotter), mussels(w/hennepin) were excellent.  Ate at the bar.  Beers and service were also good.  Frito Misto was crap.  Deep fried pile o'shite.
I'm really not a fan of Blue Monk, but I'm giving it an average 3 star rating because for what it is, I think it deserves the "A-OK". Obviously, there is a massive beer selection, both on tap and in bottles. The beers are pricey but also strong, so I guess you end up drinking less (or not...). There is one TV in the bar area, which from what I hear, they only added it because of peer/customer pressure. An authentic Belgium beer bar supposedly does not allow for TVs... how true is that, I have no idea. It's just what I've heard. The set up is a little awkward in there, as the tables are up the stairs, so not very convenient for those with accessibility issues, especially since the bathrooms are also up the rather steep stairs. The bar is relatively short/small, or maybe I'm just biased cause it's always overly crowded in there that it is almost impossible to get a spot in order to get drinks. There is a beer garden out back which is nicely decorated and has plenty of seating. There are also 6-8 tables outside in the patio area which, in the winter time, is the smokers' haven. I've only eaten here once, and it's the main reason why I'm not a huge fan of this establishment. I ordered one of their fancy burgers and there were so many spices/seasonings in the beef patty - it was just not good (in my opinion). We also ordered the poutine, again, not a huge fan. I've heard very good things about its regular fries that's deep fried in duck fat and comes with various dipping sauces, so perhaps i will give that a try should I ever go back to Blue Monk again. I imagine that it would be a good complement to a night of drinking.
Very lively. So much beer! But the food and the atmosphere is absolutely fantastic.
Great beer selection and tasty food!!! The Blue Monk burger was really good. The fries and truffle ketchup were even better. I took a peek over at the mac & cheese from the table next to me and I will be going back to try it. Our server was friendly and we didn't have to wait too long for our food.
Am I in Buffalo? Was in town, visiting the inlaws and the sister inlaw suggested this place. I was amazed that such a place existed in the area-it had a better beer selection that my favorite belgian beer place in the Boston area! The duck frites were great- but even more impressed by the flavor packed house sauces which were not just mayonnaise with a little bit of flavor (my experience with frites at other places). Mussels were fine- broth was surprisingly bland.
So. Much. Beer. Almost 30 Beers on Tap at all times! The Duck Frites are delicious, I love the Sriracha Aioli. Their specials are good too. The Beer Garden and Patio is a great spot in the summertime. The interior is Casual and Comfortable but I don't really like eating upstairs. It bothers me that it's so close to the bathroom and kitchen, but I think that's just me. Overall a great spot.
their beer selection was awesome and their clam pots are to die for! anytime I'm in Buffalo in the future, I will make sure I make a stop here.
My wife scoped out Blue Monk on yelp a couple of months after we moved up to Buffalo. We were so excited to check it out, but when you have 3 kids in a new city its hard to find babysitting that you trust so basically you are stuck at home, or lugging the kids around. Which sometimes is ok, but sometimes your children decide they want to make your life miserable and go nuts and people stare at you for being "those people" who bring children to restaurants. Well we were too excited to go to the Blue Monk to let our children ruin it for us so we decided not to go until we could get some alone time. Then Alex sends out the invitations to the yelpies and we were so excited to go that we arranged for the kids to sleep over at their grandparents and we were free. Like a fat boy at Paula's Donuts there was no holding back! (Yes we were out till 2AM that night) So anyway there was no question where we were going to go for brunch that day. And so we ended up here... We ordered: Duck Poutine- Duck Frites with cheese curds and Duck Confit Gravy.  We were recently introduced to the deliciousness of Poutine, and so we really wanted to try this. Unfortunately they were not as good as we expected them to be.  I know its hard to keep fries crispy when its smothered in gravy, but man our fries were soggy. And in spite of all of the awesome ingredients in it, it was kind of bland. Calamari- breaded in pretzel we thought cool that's new... And they were good. tender and really delicious. My wife couldn't get enough, that is until about halfway when a hair was discovered with bits of pretzel breading still attached to it... Honestly no big deal, let's just ask them to replace it. Our server was really chill about it he took it off our bill and replaced them. But the second batch was like leather. we probably had 4 pieces  before we gave up on it. all in all i would order this again. Delirium Tremens (Mussels or Moules)- definitely the best thing we ordered. It came in a light soup with some really good bread. The mussels were really good, tender and plentiful. The chorizo was nice and salty and the soup was perfect for dipping. All in all we had a pleasant brunch and we were glad that we tried the Blue Monk, but most likely will not be back.
This was rated one of the best beer bars in the U.S.A. by ratebeer.com. Not only are their selections AMAZING, but so is the food. They get a lot of rare beers and tastings, but you have to get their when they tap anything rare because it sells out right away. They are priced what you would expect, so don't go looking for a coupon or bargin. It can be very loud in here as well, and it's not huge so some of the table are close together. Its worth every penny and the foods are unique. They have one of the best french onion soups in town, and anything off their mussel menu is amazing. This place is great!
Solid food, a GREAT draft beer selection and a good atmosphere and patio. Blue Monk has quickly become a Buffalo staple and is a terrific place to grab a beer after work or a drink with a friend. My favorite menu items are the pretzels, mussels (with fries), and burgers - but really, there's not anything you can go wrong with ordering here. If you're looking for something casual with good food, Blue Monk nails it.
Excellent beer selection.  Good food, though the execution is slightly irregular (have had fabulous duck poutine and so-so poutine; fabulous mac 'n' cheese and so-so).  Never bad food, at least, and really love the chef's experiments.  Went tonight though and the service was terrible.  As a former waitress and bartender I almost never tip below 20%, and I think we left less than 10% this time.  What with the aforementioned excellent beer selection, I would've loved to have been offered a second beer at some point, but after the thirteenth time she walked past my empty glass on the edge of the table, we gave up and asked for the check.  Just go to the bar.
If you're looking for a classy place to try some beer/wine and have a refined palate, this is the place for you!  Blue Monk is a staple in the Buffalo area and has yet to disappoint me!  From their beer list (ever changing!) to their roasted duck poutine, I haven't found anything that didn't whet my appetite.   The staff are friendly, the bartenders knowledgeable, and the ambiance unparalleled.  Great for grabbing a beer with a few friends or sitting down to a divine meal.  Stop in and you'll come back.  And again.  And again!
very very good can't stop coming back!!... On point though with rude bitchy bar tending staff... But food wait staff are really very nice and help make up for it
I can't go to the blue monk without getting some type of delicious game meat. I have had both the duck and the elk and they are always delicious. The duck frites are something you almost have to get each time you are here because they're so perfect and delicious. The service is consistently good-fast, friendly, they keep an eye on you in case you need stuff. Many items are listed with a beer pairing if you're into that sort of thang.
Went on Friday afternoon around 130pm for a lunch with friends. Food and service were very good as usual. Waitress was friendly and very attentive but not too much. We had the pork sliders, blue monk burger, fish tacos, duck reuben and short rib sandwich all with the duck frites. ALL very good. I am only giving this 4 stars because the bartender was useless. We had to wait 15 minutwes for our table, not a bad thing at a place noted for haveing good beer. It took me 10 minutes to get the bartender to finally stop and take my order. The bar was NOT crowded. He answered my questions as if I was bothering him. Finally I said to myself the heck with it I will just order a beer at the table where the waitress can answer my questions, which she did. My advice tot he owners or manager. If you are going to serve ALOT of beer on tap and in bottles your bartenders shoudl be EAGER to describe the different beers and make some recommendations.
Nope. Forty bucks for a couple of sandwiches with fries. All of the dipping sauces were awful. The truffle ketchup was particularly cloying and unpalatable. The duck fries were... fries. Indistinguishable from regular fries. Over rated and under executed. Oh, and the parking sucks.
Blue Monk is rated one of the best beer bars in America.  Their selection of beer is 2nd to none in WNY.  They always have a selection of beer that is hard to find anywhere else.   The Blue Monk, has a nice front patio overlooking Elmwood Ave, and a Beer Garden in the back of the building.  Blue Monk also has occasional beer events, last night was a special Goose Island event where they had several rare beers on tap.  They were absolutely delicious, i am glad I stopped in for the event, not I need to get back there to have more of the Madame Rose before the keg is killed. As for food the the menu they offer Duck Frites with House Sauces - which it probably their most popular item.  They also offer a selection of muscles steamed in beer, and a selection of sandwiches and daily specials among several other gastro pub type of foods.
Horrible rude bartenders. A tall large bearded man took my order, gave us foamy beers and charged us 15 dollars for two half full beers. When I politely asked him to "top us off" he was extremely rude and unprofessional. Take your business elsewhere. This place has completely fallen off.
I'm going to cut out one star for the classic "trendy newish restaurant" combination of a long wait, super overcrowded patio, and ultra loud interior. I get the place is popular and I don't begrudge them that, but I have a hard time enjoying myself as much at these places. I have the same experience at Cantina Loco and Black Rock Kitchen & Bar - I love the food (mostly), the service is great (mostly), but the ambiance leaves something to be desired when it is SO. DARN. BUSY. The food was supurb - upscale pub fare at its finest. The duck fries were richly flavored and cooked to crisp perfection. Our table got two orders and pooled our various condiments in the center to share. The dipping sauces ranged from good to excellent, with influences ranging from Creole to Thai. I had one of their mussel pots and they were hands down the best mussels I've ever had - tender, with a mild non-fishy flavor, amazing broth which was perfect for dunking in the bread it came with. My boyfriend got a four cheese mac'n'cheese with braised onions, bacons and a crumb topping that he described as "excellent" with relish in his voice and a smile on his face. The service was decent. Nice enough waitress who was attentive without being around too much. Also enjoyed my beverage, though I don't recall what it was called. A darker beer with fruit notes. I'm not a huge beer drinker, but I greatly enjoy a lot of the "snootier" brews I've tried lately and don't mind spending $5-8 on a glass as it is more of a treat. I'm not going out nightly and getting three of them so *shrug*. Yes, this is a bit of a hipster/yuppie/younger crowd - aside from my bf's 60 something stepfather I was, at 30, one of the oldest people in there from what I could tell - but the atmosphere away from the bar/patio crowd was laid back and prices were not obscene. They do not have reservations for small parties - you have to get on a list once you arrive - so keep that in mind.
I always thought Blue Monk was a bit overrated and , after every time I come here, this thought is reassured. Sure, they have a good beer list. But, good luck trying to get a sample of one, as it's always too damn busy. Do they clean their taps? I'm not sure, bc I'm not QUITE cool enough to be able to tell (but almost there). The food... Eh, I'm not impressed. The service ? Ehhhhh.... I guess it depends on how busy it is. But it usually is, very. The bartenders act pretentious and impatient if I inquire about any of the beers. Oh, and it's knee deep in a lovely (insert: sarcasm) combo of college bros and über intellectual hipsters. Still... The beer list IS good.
I've had mixed experiences as Blue Monk.  I've gone in and had great service at the bar and I've gone in and been ignored by the bar tender for 10 minutes while she chatted to the person next to me, which would be fine if she had at least acknowledged my presence.  It wasn't until another bar tender come over that I received service, which was good. That being said that quality of the food is excellent.  I've only eaten at the bar but from what I saw the dining room service looks good.  The burgers are wonderful and they usually have interesting and tasty specials. What keeps me going back to Blue Monk isn't the food, though the duck fries are to die for.  It's the beer selection. They have a killer domestic draft selection that's constantly changing.  I would highly recommend going in at an off time and trying some beers.
A relaxing wonderful Sunday brunch on the patio at the Blue Monk. You can be seated before noon but drinks like Bloody Mary's and beer aren't served until 12 noon. We had the breakfast pot - delicious rich dish of scrambled eggs, hash browns, duck confit topped with arugula and served in a darling cast iron pot, as well as the chorizo breakfast burrito - stuffed with scrambled eggs, cheese, chorizo sausage, home fries and roasted red pepper. Delicious, decadent and satisfying. We always have a great experience at the Blue Monk.
Alright great service wins  it again (awesome beer and an orgasmic mixture of fat, potatoes, gravy, and cheese didn't hurt either ).  I had this place marked on my list for my upcoming business trip and it just happened I needed a nice cold one after my work day (go figure?) The bars set up with two levels: main bar in front area with outside seating on the sidewalk as well as some bench and stool seating for diners and a second level for more tables for groups. The place is blanketed in wood with an ode to Belgian beer culture is highly present which adds nicely to the gastropub/craft beer house feel. Nick the bartender (the mothereffin man btw) kept the tastings coming of their over 24 beers on tap while I took my time to scout the menu (Did I not open with how awesome the service was?) I opted for a nice hoppy saison with my meal of--wait for it...DUCK FAT FRITES. Oh WHAT?! Keep waiting... WITH GRAVY Wait, readers' imaginations can't possibly take anymore awesomeness.  Slow down there buddy... CHEESE CURDS OMG. WTF. #hashtag POUTINE So now that your head has exploded and your body has finished going into foodgasmic convulsions after imagining the duck confit laden-gravy drenched-curd wielding-sitting in a sweet as cast iron skillet-duck fat fried potatoes, do yourself a favor and go have some.  Seriously go.  Don't forget the beer.
I have been to Blue Monk several times, and each time is amazing.  I love poutine and duck so I am in heaven with their duck poutine.  The mac & cheese is also amazing.  This is definitely among my favorite restaurants in Buffalo.  I am not a huge beer person so I like that they have a lot of unique choices on tap that that don't just taste like a budweiser.  I like beers that are more on the fruity side and they always have a few available.  I just wish that other people didn't like it so much as well since its always packed.
great gastropub in elmwood.  amazing selection of craft beers, which change consistently.  Food is fantastic, i had the fish tacos and may be one of the best i've had.  Def try the duck fries also.  My friend got salad w/ chicken which also looked really good. Service is also on point, we had Jenn as our waitress and she was amazing. They have nice beer garden in the back, indoor and outdoor seating with two levels. Def a spot to check out if you're in the area.
OVER. RATED. I didn't have beer. Their list looked great though. The food... Meh. I've long been wanting to try the duck poutine. Maybe I had too high expectations for it but it was only okay. Ours was WAY over broiled. Like hard crunchy fries. and I'm not a fan of cream gravy so that threw me off. Needed more gravy too. Was super dry. The duck was delicious. Tender. It reminded me of dark meat turkey or chicken but even more tender. But ours didn't have much meat on it. Once the dish started cooling though it all congealed. Which is really gross. And I can't even imagine what the fat content of that dish was... Oy! I ordered the mahi mahi sandwich. It was okay. The mahi was WAY overcooked, it was rubbery. What a waste. Though I got a whiff of fish, and fresh fish should never smell like fish. If it does, it's spoiled. So maybe that's why it was overcooked. It was old and should have been thrown out. It was also so sloppy I had to go into the bathroom to wash my hands at one point. Ridiculous. And the chips on the side... Oh they were so bad. Way overcooked. Burnt almost and not crispy. Weird texture. Yuck yuck yuck! They may have even been spoiled. I brought my parents here. We intended to go to the Food Truck Rodeo, which was cancelled! But I didn't know that until we were already there. Ugh. Anyway, of all places we could have gone to for dinner, this was not good and way overpriced. $50 for 3 of us to eat just sandwiches and some burnt potatoes. The hostess was nice and friendly but the waitress seemed to be busy doing anything but waitressing. Never came around for water refills. Weird. So disappointing!!!! My dad did not like the burger, but mom's grilled cheese was probably the best thing at the table. Though greasy. Everything was greasy!!! Wouldn't come back. Sorry Blue Monk.
Oh, wow! First time here, it is excellent. we drive ion from Tonawanda and fiend the food to be wonderful! I had the Ruben and my friend had the mussels.  with 32 beers on tap you can't go wrong!
This is my very first review on yelp bc this is not my thing but I feel this is warranted.  Horrible customer service by one of the  bartenders. First in the middle of my order he walked away to take care of shall we say a sexier woman, then when I asked or a recommendation for a pale ale he rudely said ' it's all listed - read the board - just read it' wow.    And Really? Does he not know his own inventory? So either he doesn't know how to give a recommendation or he's a rude pig
So many prior reviews, you dont need my input, obviously a buffalo staple Unique changing beer selection for all comers. Some wines for those fancier. Surprising variety of dishes for eating and was actually impressed how delicious the food was. Crowds come in waves so seating times are pretty varied but service is great. Can never guess type of people to be there - family, hippy, high class, college, etc. . There is seating outside and upstairs for eating out of the way of the bar. That  being said if you dont want to wait for a table on a busy night just order from the bar. On the pricier side for buffalo but standard elsewhere 6-10$ drinks. 7-20$ meals. Also nice is that they mingle the beer and wine flavors into the food as well as put recommendations to pair. Recommend Mussel brewed in beer! 3 different types/flavors. Burgers were delicious as long as you go medium rare or medium. Fish and chips was what you'd expect but without sauce sort of simple/unexciting.
Service - 5 Food - 5 Atmosphere - 5 Price - 5 Seriously, I really enjoy this place. Atmosphere, food, service and the beer. I can't complain about a single thing. If you love really good food, amazing atmospheres, excellent service and spectacular beers then I suggest that you come here. Even if you only like 1 out of the 4 things that I just mentioned you should still give it a shoot. I have friends that hate beer and still love coming here. And guess what? A few of them actually have a beer that they like from here now as well. They have beers that don't even taste like beer and taste like pop and fruit drinks. I would be surprised if you walked away without loving at least one new beer every time you visit. The service here is phenomenal. They know my name and my preference in beers. They do an amazing job explaining different beers to try. They provide samples and listen to your likes and dislikes. They serve flights for those who just want to sample everything. They have even let me mix two beers together to make my own creation. As for the food, I personally love the Mac & Cheese and I think it's the best in Buffalo, but I also love the Duck Frites, French Onion Soup, Delirium Tremens Mussels and their Burgers. Price - You can say that beers here are expensive but I totally disagree when you compare it to what you actually getting. These are quality beers folks, not $2 - $4 bottle of Sam Adams or Labatt's. Most of the time my one beer has almost double the ABV or your regular beers as well. Simply put, you can search high and low but Blue Monk is unique and unlike any other establishment here in Buffalo. It's Duh-mazing!!
Excellent beer selection, cool interior, patio, and location.  The food is just OK however.  With all of the duck fat and other unshamefully bad for you ingredients, its all somehow surprisingly bland, with the exception of some of the sauces. However this place is the perfect example of the Yogi Berra quote - Nobody goes there anymore, its too crowded.  If you're going to go here and expect to find a seat at the bar, get a table, or would like to be able to talk to whoever you've gone with, plan on going midday.
Best place in Buffalo for beer and classic gastropub style food.  Beer garden in the back with limited menu.
Like everyone says: great beer selection, good vibe, delicious mussels and frites. It's also a great space, especially for brunch or an afternoon break from shopping on Elmwood.
Point One: if your looking for "a Bud," "Miller Time," "a Silver Bullet," brews hawked by a Canadian-accented English speaking bear with a fetish for human girls, or any number of other mega-produced, overly advertised, carbonated, alcoholic beverages whose only connection to the proud tradition of brewing is the basic ingredients, this is not the place for you. If however, you have a literal thirst for adventure and abhor convention, Blue Monk is an exceptional establishment. Quite simply one of the best, most unique places in Buffalo (and a favorite spot for Buffalo Tangueros y Tangueras), this gastropub boasts 30 brews on tap that constantly change. Can't decide? Get a sample to taste or get a flight of 4 different brews, racked in 5oz glasses. There are dozens more bottled ales, porters, lambics, ciders and spirits available, and the Bloody Mary (made 100% from scratch) is the best I've had, anywhere. The food menu features regulars like the Duck Frittes, the cheekily-monikered Blue Balls (German meat balls with bleu cheese in an amazingly rich demi glacé), Mussel Pots, The Thelonius Monk Burger, and the Duck Confit Rueben, plus specials like the Elk Burger, Venison Burger, Grav Lax Club (with house cured salmon and local bacon), Fish Tacos, genuine Poutine, Beans & Greens with local sausage, and the impeccable Carbonnade Flamande over Egg Noodles, all make for a tasty affair no matter when you visit. Right at the bar is the best place to station yourself, because you'll get the full benefit of the breadth of beer expertise and recommendations from Steve, Cutler, Curly, Dimitri, Ryan, Melissa and Lisa, in addition to some great conversation when it's quiet. But unless you arrive before noon or between 2 and 4 on a weekend, you'll find yourself waiting for as much as an hour for a table...as it then gets *very* crowded, literally standing room only, and rather loud. None of which diminishes the appeal of the place. ------ P.S. Proof positive that certain self-pretentious people have no clue on the proper use of simile and metaphor...or the realization that there are actual people on the other side of the rant, no matter how stupid the argument: m.yelp.com/biz/blue-monk… Seriously - WTAF is a "prune cookie!!?"
Beer list is overwhelming. Mac with bacon is too much. Service is just so so.
If you are looking for a wonderful selection of draft beers and quality food, Blue Monk is the place to go. I have been here multiple times and it has always been busy and booming with young professionals and hipsters. I took my boyfriend there for his birthday last year and I went bananas over the grilled cheese sandwich with bacon and tomato. It wasn't your average grilled cheese, it had bacon, tomato, and guyere cheese. I paired it with a pint of St. Germain summer shandy. What a tasty summer day treat! It is a dark atmosphere that probably seats about 25-30 people and the rest of the space is open to people who are mingling at the bar. The back patio easily seats 20 people and they have a beer garden where you can chill with your friends at wooden table/bench combinations. I would suggest the Blue Monk for anyone who wants a real Elmwood experience complete with nice food, good company, and a great selection of beers.
I ordered the Blue Monk burger, with the fries with garlic sea salt dressing. It was amazing. I would go back and order that exact meal. Their fries are unlike any other restaurant I've ever been too.
Lovely poutine dish! Haven't had much else. I will say the beer is delicious but a bit pricey. It is a very loud setting, hard to have a conversation but also have live music often. Very happening place in Elmwood Village.
Always a good time to be had. Menu is ok but not the healthiest. Good beer selection and staff is cool. DJ's are awesome. Good location. Glad to see that this place is doing well. Wish parking was better
Hands down one of the best places to eat good and drink better! I went last night right before closing the kitchen (sorry guys) and the food was still awesome! I had the duck frites with the pub fish and it was the best fried fish I ever had! Also to add the service was great!
I freakin' love gastropubs and have had this place bookmarked for months but my experience was just alright.  This review is strictly based on drinks and bar atmosphere and I am 100% inclined to return to try the food that everyone raves about.  Thursday night right before 4th of July weekend and the place is busy as per usual.  We were able to grab the attention of one of the bartenders after a minute or two.  You couldn't tell what was on tap because there were no tap handles so we asked for drink menus.  Tons of beers that I had never heard of before and I really dig craft beer, so I was surprised.  Neither my friend nor I knew what to get and we were hoping for a suggestion but the bartenders didn't seem too friendly.  We both went with a light blonde ale and while I have since forgotten the name, it was good and expensive.  The stools at the bar were wicked uncomfortable.  At one point the bartender spilled a drink she was pouring all over the bar by us and kind of laughed it off without apologizing, strange.  We didn't care at all but she happened to have the right bunch of girls sitting in front of her because I know others would have. The crowd was mixed but primarily older people in their 40's.  We felt a little uncomfortable, as I mentioned earlier, the bartenders didn't seem to want to make conversation and we felt like outsiders.  As we were leaving the place started to really pick up.  I definitely will be back because I liked the ambiance, but I'll choose to stand or grab a table and get food next time.
There is a lot of hoopla about their "duck frites" but I honestly don't taste any difference from normal fries other than the price tag. For whatever that's worth. But I have had better food here--one time a decent burger and I like their calamari. I give this place 2 stars because the bartenders need to get their shit together. i just don't go anymore because it takes too long to get a drink and the bartenders--especially the females--spend way too much time socializing with their friends. And eating food behind the bar is tacky and classless. This place can get pretty busy and the bar is small, so they just don't have a solid plan to serve people with drinks in those situations. And the whole Hipsterville scene is just boring. I think Blue Monk has some real good beers available but if your only chance of getting served one and not have to scream at your friend so they can here you is to go when it is not as busy, then that's what I recommend. But you'll often notice that the bartenders still aren't that attentive because they are chatting with Mr Hipsters at the left end of the bar. Not to mention, anyone can pour a damn beer. So this place is for beer. They can't make a mixed drink to save em.
Loved this place.  We had the pretzel crusted calamari and the blue balls for appetizers.  My wife and I both enjoy duck a lot.  We had the duck sandwich and duck hamburger.  We split them and both were great.  There were tons of choices of beers.  I ended up having a chipotle porter and a sour and slaty ale that was not even on the menu.  This place was well worth it.  We need one of these in Vegas.  Service was a little slow but that was because it is so popular.
Blue monk has amazing food and a great beer selection, but the it always entirely too crowded. Minus 2 stars for that!
Blue Monk is a very unique place, even for the Elmwood strip. Not the place to go for a standard dinner, but more of an extended snacking/quaffing session of delectable food and drink. A central reason to stop here is the beer/ale/stout. I love hopsy ales, and the server suggested Grimm Valentine Tripell. This particular batch was brewed on Valentine's Day with rosebuds! A magical libation to be sure. Hubby had the Delirium Tremens, another excellent choice. The food is more of an accompaniment to the beverages here, but it certainly holds its own. We had duck poutine and it was super-yummy. Flavorful fries and darkly sinful duck strips. A heavy dish, so we had some leftover and it was just as good the next day. I had onion soup and it was similarly robust and savory. There was an unusual gazpacho with extra zing that I liked too. Hubby had a burger and it hit the spot. Our little girl ate a whole pound of steamed mussels in a flash. It's pretty dark inside; it would be a more thorough incarnation of a European pub/beergarden if it were a trifle more brightly lit. Other than that, the atmosphere is festive. We'll definitely go back.
Blue Monk has decent food and a great beer selection, however their service is consistently poor. Waited for over a half hour to try to pay our bill. The sever disappeared and upon asking another server, we were treated very rudely. Also, I've been charged double on my card and staff were not concerned about remedying the situation. I was told that "our account manager will call you." (Which never happened) The same thing happened to a friend of mine. Be careful when "opening up a tab" because they have a habit of charging twice.
The space here is really awesome. They took what used to be a hole in the wall gross dive bar and turned it into one of the nicest, most unique places in Buffalo.  The upstairs eating area has walls made of old doors. It seats a lot of people for such a small area. I've been here a few times and have had a great experience every time. The bartenders are super knowledgable about their constantly changing beer menu. Today we opted for a table in the dining area. My friend and I each ordered a flight of beers which ran between $10-$14 each. I had the American sampler and she had the Hops sampler. Each of ours had 4 beers in them. We each loved 2/4 of them and the other ones were okay. Even though we didn't love them all, I really appreciate that this option is available. I probably never would have tried any of them on my own. We went simple for our food. We split the duck frites and homemade pretzel bites. I've had the duck frites before and they are so good - I don't think I could come here without getting them. The pretzel bites were a daily special and came with mustard or cheese sauce. We opted for both for an extra $1. They were soft and delicious. It was great to have a non commercialized soft pretzel; It's something you can't really get many places.
I agree with many of the reviews.  It's OK here, but just OK.  We tried BM for Sunday Brunch after first checking out SoHo ( where we had "not so good" Bloody Mary's), The Lodge and then Cecilia's.  I think Cecilia's would have been the better choice but they were crowded and the BM had a few open tables on the patio.  So BM it was.  It all started with a cool greeting from the hostess.  She gave some nonsense excuse why we could be seated right away because the servers were backed up.  What??  Never heard that one before.  I kinda thought that was what a Hostess was for?  We pressed again why we couldn't  sit down?  Reluctantly we were shuttled to the last table.   The service started out OK but it took very long for the food to arrive.  I have to say the Mac-n-Cheez was VG.  Especially liked the sriracha they added to the cheese.   mmmmm. I had the breakfast burger which was be a bacon burger with egg, except they forgot the egg.  The server said they would get me one but my wife decided she didn't want hers from the top of her open-faced steak, which she says was good, and so we averted another wait.  The rest of the party thought their foods were OK as well. This is our third visit to BM and I too don't get the draw unless it's the beer selection.  Maybe it's location, location, location.   Have to give 3 stars here bc 2 is too harsh and it's not a 4. Sláinte
Oh, Blue Monk, how I wish I could pick you up and plant you in Rochester. This place is everything you could ever want in a gastropub.  Amazing beer selection, delicious food, and they host great events. The tap list:  consistently outstanding.  I am a total beer nerd and this place gets stuff on tap that I never even knew existed.  They also do a phenomenal job of making sure the tap list has a wide array of styles to appeal to any palate.  Though they are sort of known as a Belgian beer bar, they have an assortment of domestic and foreign beers available.  They don't pigeon-hole themselves like some other Belgian beer bars (I'm lookin' at you, Victoire!). The food:  The poutine is the best I've ever had.  Duck frites smothered in duck gravy with ample chunks of duck meat, then topped with gooey melted cheese.  Soooo good.  Salty and savory, but they don't fall into the trap of making the gravy too salty...it's just perfect.  I have never been to the Blue Monk without getting the poutine (kinda like Acme and their Cajun Tots).  I've had a bunch of other things off of their menu as well. Pretzel crusted calamari: Tender and delicious.  Love the crust. Braised Short Rib sandwich: Braised in Ommegang Abbey Ale.  Tender, moist and delicious. Duck Confit Reuben:  unique take on a reuben.  Red Cabbage, Gruyere, and dijonaisse accompanies duck confit.  So delicious. Mac & Cheese: hearty and delicious, tons of cheese, ample serving size. I also have had many a special at the Blue Monk, most recently and notably a Boar Torta that was absolutely delicious. The outdoor beer garden is great for enjoying a beer and some grub outside. Street parking only, which can be a hassle during the busy times...but seriously, I'd park 2 miles away and walk to this place if I had to.
Let me put it this way... Came to Buffalo for a long weekend. Blue Monk was recommended to us and it was great. The next night, after much deliberation, we went to Blue Monk again and just ordered different food. Service was decent the first time, very good the second. The frites were great, all four sauces were quality. Mussels were excellent. The burger was great, the short rib sandwich was the least exciting, but certainly not bad. The beer selection is top notch. We had a few flights, tried 10 beers in all, each was good. Prices aren't particularly cheap, but totally fair.
Everything about this place is wonderful. The beer selection is obviously amazing. They also have a pretty impressive liquor selection! And I have never been disappointed with my food! The duck frites with aioli are extremely addictive, the specials are always exciting and delicious and their meats are cooked perfectly. Oh- and I adore the bartenders and bouncer there :)
Blue Monk is a lot different than the divey atmosphere at Merlin's, which used to be in that space. It is still casual, but definitely not for those looking to grab a light beer after work. The beer list is spectacular and focuses on Belgian beer. The outdoor patio and beer garden really add to the atmosphere. The prices can be a bit high, so keep that in mind if trying to find a spot for food and drink in the Elmwood Village.
I have a plan when visiting a different city; usually this plan is to scope out the bar/restaurant with the best beer selection and pay them a visit. For a recent overnight trip to Buffalo, Blue Monk fit that bill. The ambiance in this place is absolute perfection, cool and laid back but still buzzing with a house full of patrons. My date and I were seated promptly and were famished after our long drive from Toronto. The beer menu here is quite impressive, with a good mixture of American craft beers and plenty of imports as well. I enjoyed a couple of their American craft beers as these are not available in Canada. The taps list is extensive and should have something for everyone's palate. Beer is not the only draw for this place; the food is also quite good. I had a bowl of mussels served in a delirium tremens (Belgian strong ale) broth. The mussels were fresh, the broth was creamy, chorizo and fresh peppers gave the dish a nice kick. My date had the veggie burger with sweet potato fries; the burger was delicious and tasted like the real thing while the sweet potato fries served with honey were something out of the ordinary. If you're a Canadian like myself and feeling a little homesick after crossing the border, fear not, these guys are doing their own rendition of poutine!   The service on this night was adequate, nothing spectacular though. Overall this is a great place to come for a bite to eat or to just chill with a couple of pints and some good company. I will definitely be back here the next time I am in Buffalo.
Blue Monk... where do I begin! Food: Blue Monk's duck frites and poutine are stellar.  The dipping sauces for the fries are (for the most part) awesome as well.  My favorites are the honey cayenne and the garlic aioli.  One time, however, I decided to change it up and get the thai ketchup and was unimpressed.  It just tasted like ketchup.  Luckily, they exchanged it with no problem at all.  The waitress even said that multiple people have mentioned that it's pretty bland.  The rest of the menu is good, but after a few times visiting, it feels very limited and old.  I wish there were more changes to the menu.  The specials are always burgers.  They don't really have any good vegetarian options.  The veggie burger was OK, but wasn't anything spectacular.  They cook a good beef burger, but it's nothing extraordinary. Beer: Hands down best in the city.  I can't even pronounce half of them, so I am glad they allow you to order by the number.  It's also really nice that they have a menu with a description of the beer, which makes it easier to branch out and try something new.  I've never had a bad beer here.  On my last visit, the beer I ordered got kicked while they were pouring it.  I got about 75% of the beer I would have gotten normally, so they gave it to me on the house! Staff: For the most part, very good.  As mentioned, they give you free beer on occasion.  The waiters and waitresses have been hit or miss.  On one occasion, the waitress literally disappeared for about 25 minutes during our meal, leaving us to sit with empty plates for a good 10-15 minutes.  The bartenders, however, are great at what they do. Other: No reservations is pretty annoying.  We had a table of 8 on Friday.  Waited an hour and a half because they wouldn't take a reservation.  I understand it's a small place and that taking reservations would basically make it like Cantina Loco (aka impossible to eat without one), but taking reservations for a large group (6 or more) would be nice.
My wife, daughter and I went for dinner here last night. As a craft beer enthusiast I took the gamble that the no suitable for kids part of the yelp page wouldn't apply. From the moment we walked in we were warmly welcomed and my daughter was treated incredibly by both the host and our server. They got her cranberry juice and made it extra fancy with a bunch of cherries and stuff in it and they brought her a plate of lemon slices when they saw her eating them from the water glasses. The focus here is on great food and awesome craft beer. We had the Mac and Cheese, Hennepin Mussels and an order of Duck Fat Frites. All of the food was incredible and we had some awesome beers to go along with the meal. There really isn't a single thing I could complain about. Being from California and stuck in Buffalo due to weather, not only was this a great stop, it was incredibly affordable for the quality of food, beer and service offered. This would have easily cost 50 to 75 percent more in San Francisco. Happy to have stopped by and enjoyed a fantastic meal.
Great beer selection, always changing. Although not a true biergarten, this is one of my favorite places to hang during the warmer months. Buffalo needs a real biergarten though (and if any local restaurateur is capable of delivering this to Buffalo, it's undoubtedly Mike Shatzel). I'm talking sprawling tree-covered outdoor space with pea gravel, long picnic tables/benches, pretzels, wurst and the like. Someday, I hope! Food is also consistently good, but I always find myself commenting that this is not a place for the health conscious. Everything is quite gluttonous, but yummy.
The beer selection deserves 12 stars.
The restaurant boasts a 40+ beer selection, along with a small choice of wines, both on a rotational basis.  The bartenders were really attentive, which says a lot considering I'm bad at getting bar service. The #RestaurantWeek wait time of an hour gave me time to admire the decor- posters of traditional beer promotions, reclaimed doors as runners along the walls, and taps above door frames and the bar.  Even the bathrooms boast stalls made out of old doors with vintage handles. Once my lamb burger came, I was surprised at the presentation.  The hand-held food was aesthetically pleasing and invited me to indulge.  The bun was soft and the lamb was seasoned well and juicy.  The pine nut topping competes with the lamb for your taste buds' attention, all while the light bitterness of the arugula pulls you back to reality.  The result is a folding of flavors that magnify in each others presence.  The duck frites push your taste buds into deeper flavors, and the black truffle ketchup added an earthy tone that completed the meal. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone.  The chefs understand how to entertain the palate and the owners know how to keep the guests feeling at home.
So rude!! We drove out of our way to eat here based on yelp reviews. Their sign says open at 11:00am, their yelp said 11:00am, we got there at 11:20am and they refused to seat us... the hostess was rude, so instead of waiting 10min, we went to SATO (Japanese) and got great service.
Yeah, bucking the trend here as usual I'm sorry to the hipsters & travelers from Toronto but you are absolute suckers. This is incredibly average food at best and yes, they have a ton of beers on tap but you're paying $6, $7, $8 or more for a goblet (goblet=fancy name for 1/3 of a pint) of beer and generally the beer you're buying isn't some exclusive, rare, impossible to find beer. Granted, they do get a FEW of those hard to find beers, but most of the time it's very average stuff but you're still paying about a 300% + mark up. So keep padding Shatzel & Brinkworth's (slimeball) bank accounts and feel like you're  the "man" but you're nothing more than a sap. Gastro pub fare =cheap bar food marked up/disguised as gourmet. You think that elk you're eating is 100% elk? Think again sucker. You think you're getting more than 2 tablespoons of duck in that greasy slop they have the audacity to call poutine?  The wait staff could NOT care less, Jessica the restaurant "manager" is what? 17 and a clueless BITCH. The bar tenders I admit are good, though they have ripped me off, adding $30 to my tab once and  $16 another time, watch yourselves. The one female bartender though, the Queen of Elmwood who is doing you the favor of a lifetime getting customers (who aren't friends) a drink, sweety, you've got tattoos but so does everyone's grandmas. You also have pale fat thighs and a fatter ass,  and are the SLOWEST & RUDEST bartender I've ever seen, you ain't no queen. Enjoy your $9 Belgian, Trappist, almond wood casked, Jan Van Eyck cave fermented yeast goblet.
The food was good, but in an average way. I don't really have any complaints, although I did get sick later that night and I believe it was from what I ate. An incredible beer selection but it's very over priced. You can get the same beer selection for half the price at other restaurants on the same block.
I really love the Blue Monk, because I love beer. I love European beers, and they seem to get a lot of cool stuff in that other places do not. I took my wife there for lunch one day and we split the short rib panini and mahi mahi sandwich.  Both were so #$%^&* delicious. We also had the duck frites with a few sauces, also wonderful. Food is great, I LOVE when a gastropub uses beer in their recipes. I enjoyed a Chimay Tripel on tap... also %^&*% great! So what's the catch. We stood at the host station waiting to be seated for a long time. The host made eye contact with us numerous times, but just ignored our existence. Others came in and got seated right away, and I assume it was because they were regulars, because they went straight to the host completely bypassing us. It was really, really annoying because the place is small. You can't miss someone. At night, it does get busy there and it gets near impossible to get a drink. It also seems like other patrons would prefer you don't get a drink either, because for whatever reason the crowd that hangs out there is rather non-accommodating and stuffy (in a young, hipster sort of way). Also, beware of the occasional frat-boy type that goes there, tries a beer that is not a Keystone Light, and can't handle the alcohol content. Seen that a few times.
Unfortunately, I thought Blue Monk was a little overrated. I was really excited to go here because I had heard such good things about it, but I was disappointed. When we got there, we waited probably 10 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge that we were waiting for a table. A line of about 3-4 people formed behind us, when finally someone got us seated. We did get to sit on their outdoor patio, which was nice! Their beer list is excellent. I got two beers, the names of which I can't remember but they were both really good and I had never seen them anywhere else. So, A+ for that. The food was good, but not great. We ordered the Blue Balls for an appetizer. The sauce they were in was excellent, the balls themselves were good, and the presentation was wonderful. It comes in a little black cast iron dish. But you only get 3 balls and they're pretty expensive. I think they were about $10. My boyfriend and I each got burgers, which were good, but like I said previously, they were nothing too special and they were also pretty pricey for what you get. I accidentally left my leftover half burger on the table, woops! We also got the duck frites instead of regular fries, and honestly I couldn't tell the difference between a regular fry and a duck fry. They were loaded with salt (actually, all the food was completely overloaded with salt. Ick.). Our waitress wasn't very great either. She was nice, but very slow and she did not offer very good service. It seemed like the waitresses around us were much better though. I'd be willing to give it another shot because it seems like it has potential, but I probably won't do that any time soon.
Upscale bar on Elmwood. I've been here a few times. Good place to start the night at. Space fills up quickly. Social, mid twenty-something crowd. I havent had the food here, and I havent heard anything bad.
It's ok for a bar. Good but overpriced selection of beer (my favorite here costs what a 6 pack at consumers costs), and the appetizers are tasty. Everytime I've done dinner here I've been less than impressed. We started with the cheese platter which was less than average and cost 17 dollars, and I've had better cheese platters from wegmans for around 7 dollars. 15 dollars for a mediocre sandwich and burnt "chips" that were seriously greasy. My husband enjoyed his mussels, but the bowl they gave him for the shells hardly fit 5 shells. Going forward I think we would stick to drinks and appetizers as we have had the pouting, blue balls and calamari on previous visits and found them to be tasty, all together with beer and food it set us back about $180 and tip for 4 people which isn't too bad but going forward Id rather have a place where I'm not paying for the "atmosphere" (if you can call it that.).
LOVE THIS PLACE FOR BEER! Great selection of beers on tap and nice patio and crowd. Have yet to try the food...
Awesome calamari
Wow! Amazing selection of beer... Anything you could imagine! And, great food too.   The BEST  vegetarian burger that I have had in my life was found here. My husband had the mahi-mahi sandwich and was quite impressed considering we weren't getting it fresh from the ocean in Florida. The sweet potato fries as my side were pretty good too. A great, casual atmosphere with cool half doors for the paneling along the side. We will definitely be back!
We got here late night and the chef was still working. they served food very flavorful and and beautiful placed on the plate. we ate sausage plate, braised short rib sandwich, steak,  blue balls and spread platter. All of these portions was   bounteous and made with love.
Hidden gem.  Food is great.
The food is outstanding. The beer selection is above average. The wine & cider selection is woefully lacking. I'm always surprised how few local selections are on the beer/cider list.  There are a few but I, and maybe inappropriately, expect a lot more. Get some food, have 1-2 beers, and you can make it out without doing too much damage.  Anything after that and you better have a suga-mama/papa!
The food was good, had the duck frites and calamari.  Service was fairly quick despite a long wait for a table.  Unfortunately hostess was EXTREMELY RUDE.
I don't know much about beer. Choose one from the list and drink it. Service is great. Truffle ketchup is amazeballs. Order some fries. When they ask you for what two sauces you want say, "truffle ketchup," twice.
Great service. Food is a twist of standard bar fare, but was pretty good. I shared a pretzel crusted calamari. I was more impressed with the beer selection rather the food. Great beer!
Loved the atmosphere of the Blue Monk.  Will definitely go back because it has the best selection of craft beer!
Duck frites, meatballs, and mussels are all very good.  The beer selection is the best I have ever seen.  I would give it five stars, but the service is often pretty slow.  Definitely worth a visit though.
Theolonius burger rocked. Mac n chz good flavor, really really rich!  Kale salad was drowning in dressing.  Frites -yum.
Beer nerd heaven, but not beer snobby. That's a fine line between having unique beers but still being laid back about it (this is beer, people!). Blue Monk walks that line perfectly. Truly great beer list with friendly staff that handled questions and made solid recommendations based on everyone's interests. Might actually be a 5-star, but I'll need to go back and try the food in order to award that prestigious rating. Highly recommend!
Fantastic beer selection and knowledgable staff. If you are into large crowds of people as far as bar scenes go, visit this on a weekend night. It's packed. (Like, so packed that I wish you good luck getting to the bar to order your beer.) Personally, I love coming in when its a lot quieter. Weeknights are much more relaxed. Food is great too. Get the duck fries!
"If you take the second glass--from this a little bird soars upward, twittering in guileless cheerfulness, so that a man may listen to his song, and perhaps join in 'Fair is life! no downcast looks! Take courage, and march onward!'" -Hans Christian Andersen, The Ole Tower Keeper **************************************************­************************ I remember when this place first opened. I thought it was wonderful - I still do but let me explain. There's not many cities where you can find a Belgian pub outside Belgium. This place actually feels like a Brussels pub and it has the beer to match plus some. This is a blessing and a curse because the novelty of a place that genuinely feels like a Belgian pub and serves nice beer is going to attract tons of yuppies. Numerous other reviews noted how crowded this place gets. I usually avoid it on Friday and Saturday nights because every time I drive by, the place looks and possibly smells like a can of sardines. During these times, Christine H. said it well in her review, the real "cool kids" are hanging out at other bars. With this in mind, I don't feel like I can knock this place for succeeding at bringing something completely unique to Buffalo that other major cities don't even have. I love the sprawling chalkboard and I also love being able to get a bottle of genuine trappist ale with the matching glass. The atmosphere is wonderful - It really does feel like you're at a bar in Belgium except no one is speaking French or Flemish. The food is unique as well, one of their staples being french fries cooked in duck fat with an assortment of tasty dipping sauces to choose from. They also excel at their mussel dishes and hamburgers. The chef here does a great job with specials - every time I have been pleasantly surprised. Just make sure you ask for a Coors Light with your meal, especially if there's lots of yuppies around. One qualm I do still have is that there was a cool quote from Hans Christian Andersen's story, "The Ole Tower Keeper" above the urinal in the men's restroom. It was nice to have something actually creative and intelligent to read in a bar restroom. Strangely it disappeared, replaced by something not even worthwhile. Perhaps they just moved it to the ladies' room, in which case, I hope they are enjoying it over there.
Blue Monk is a great local place.  It gets an interesting crowd who I think some go just cause they're told it's the hip place to be but yet they order bud lights.  I do think the food was better when they first opened, but I haven't eaten there more than twice in the last year to hard to say for sure.  The beer list is hit or miss. I went on a Wednesday...every beer we wanted "just kicked" so there were no IPAs on tap.  I went back Friday...3 different IPAs on tap.  The prices are a little steep...but hey people are going to pay it so I understand.  They opened up the beer garden out back so during the warm months it isn't so jam packed inside.   -Great place, typically a great beer menu, good food, and I just don't like it when it's jammed out the door but I do enjoy it there very much.
Okay I get it ... I get why some people like this place ... but it's just not for me. There are so many other bars in Buffalo with a fantastic beer selection that don't charge an arm and a leg.  Admittedly, the prices at Blue Monk aren't as bad as some other bars, but they're nothing to brag about.  Neither is their beer selection, quite frankly. The food is okay but again nothing to write home about. The only thing that keeps me coming back here is their backyard "beer garden." It isn't pretty or even cozy, but it's relaxing and usually not too busy.  Picnic tables and Adirondack chairs.  Occasionally there is a cocktail waitress (who may be wearing a skin-tight dress and will bring you unopened bottles of beer - have your bottle opener handy!!!!) but usually you need to order from inside. If you want to sit in the back garden you have to get there early because it shuts down around dusk due to the residential neighbors.  Another con. Overall, this place will always be busy based solely on location and the "cool" factor.  But honestly, the genuinely "cool kids" in Buffalo are at much betters bars throughout the city.
I love the ambience at this place--classy but casual. You'll get a really, really nice meal and never feel like maybe you should have worn something nicer. For VEGETARIANS, the pickings are on the slim side (and you have to watch any fried items, as many of these dishes are cooked in duck fat; the servers know the scoop though, and can help you avoid any problems). Here are my picks: APPETIZERS: Artisinal Cheese Plate--Selection of domestic and foreign cheeses, breads, nuts and preserves Breads & Spreads--Three daily spreads with an assortment of artisinal breads On a visit this summer they also offered gazpacho with a balsamic vinegar reduction that was, honest to god, maybe the best thing I have ever tasted. ENTREES/SANDWICHES Roasted Beet Salad--Sliced beets, green apple, candied walnuts, smoked bleu cheese crumbles on mixed greens with cider vinaigrette Grilled Cheese--Beemster aged Gouda, Gruyère and smokey bleu cheese Now, this isn't a lot of choice, I know--but that's okay because you're also going to want to have a couple beers from their mind-boggling selection. One of my absolute favorites is the Liefmans Cuvée-Brut, a cherry beer (and I'm not a big fan a fruit beer) that is absolutely delicious on a hot summer day--so good, a friend who is a sworn beer hater even liked it. Whatever your predilection, there are over 100 kinds of beer available from every corner of the world and the staff is incredibly well trained to help you pick something. (And if you're REALLY into beer, keep an eye on their Facebook page; they post a "just tapped" status, often for new, very small batch exotics that tend to sell out within a few hours.)
I went here about a week ago with my parents and got dinner and drinks. Our waitress seemed extremely flustered although there aren't many tables here and she wasn't the only one working. My mom ordered the salad that was on the specials list that was described as coming with salmon. Instead it came with chicken and our waitress acted as if we should have known that this was the menu from the day before so the kitchen just replaced the salmon with chicken once they ran out. The French fries came out cold with the fish fry and so the waitress sent out hot ones ten minutes into the meal. I asked for a side of ketchup with my burger that she never brought over. The only positives were the beer selection and the French onion soup which was delish!! Based on The other reviews It looks like I just had a rare bad experience, maybe I'll try it out again.
I don't normally bother writing less than stellar reviews but this place urked me. I was visiting Buffalo for work and tried this place based on its great rating. We ate at the bar and I ordered a beer and a salad. The bar tender was very rude and spent most of the time whispering with the other bartender behind the cash register. I ordered the pear salad which came soaked in dressing with only about 1/4 of a pear sliced on the side. It should be renamed the soggy greens cheese and cherry salad.
Amazing food! Great beer! Awesome atmosphere!!! We heard about this place from our local host and they were correct in a great review!
Duck Frites are amazing! Mac and Cheese and Grilled cheese are also awesome. Awhile back they had BBQ duck tacos on special and those were also terrific. Along with all this great food they also have an outstanding beer selection!
Awesome beer. Great atmosphere. I really love this place. Their beer selection is better than any place I've seen. And they rotate beers every week. I'm usually partial to Belgians, particularly Tripels and Quadrupels. They always have a few.
I was shocked it was this good....... Our waitress was a pro....she gave us beer samples, filled up our waters, checked on us.  She was the best part of the meal.  I was expecting awful service, but it was the opposite.  I was surprised because everything was run so well, very good vibe in their.   Those fresh cut french fries fried in duck fat...................Genius. I was always wondering why you guys are so busy all the time....now I know.
Blue Monk is my ultimate favorite for comfort food. The duck frites with Chipotle Bacon Aioli is the most delicious thing and their burgers are superb. Their Nickel City cheese plate is worth the cost, comes with chef's cheese choice and some jellies. They have a great cheese panini with bacon and spinach and their mac&cheese is delicious as well. The beer selection is immense, and they turned me on to the Unibroue brand. The atmosphere is laid back and casual, they have a beer garden in the back. Previously living next to them, they are always bumpin and packed. Definitely great for people who want to go out and catch up, grab a drink and food or hang out in the back. They have a great outdoor front patio so you can people watch right on Elmwood.
I *may* have had a headache at my wedding because of the Blue Monk. Just maybe. In retrospect, heading there at midnight the night before I got married may not have been the best thing to do. But I couldn't help it! The Belgian beer selection on draft rivals the best Belgian pubs of Philly, New York City and Chicago. Many of the beers are also authentically Belgian, not American reincarnations. Don't get me wrong, I like Ommegang a lot, but it will never replace THE REAL THING. At Blue Monk, you don't have settle. All the sours, pales, darks and tripels are lined up for you to indulge. And if you're hungry, the duck fat fries and poutine and burger are awesome. The burger with bleu cheese and bacon is awesome. One thing about this place though - it's small and the seating is relatively limited. I wouldn't come here to eat with a large group of people. Even going here with a big group of people to the bar is tough. The crowds become prohibitive on the weekend nights and getting your beer sometimes requires the efforts of an Antarctic expedition instead of a simple stroll down to the local pub. If you're in Buffalo and like Belgian beers, I definitely recommend The Blue Monk. In my opinion the best time to go is during the off-peak hours. And be prepared to accept the consequences if you enter this place the night before a big day.
This place is truly a gem!  In the elmwood village area there are certainly plenty of options to grab a bite and a drink.. the Blue Monk sticks out in both of these areas. I've been here a few times with friends and co-workers to grab a late lunch and I've never had a bad experience.  It can sometimes be a little confusing as to whether or not it's more a bar, or restaurant.. but both the beer list and menu are exemplary.   The Mac-n-cheese is almost a Buffalo legend and worth a try.. but I usually go for the mussels.. they're offered in a variety of ways and always go great with beer and good company.  I have even tried a burger there once and it was actually quite good as well.. perhaps my favorite part is the dipping sauce though.  A little tip.. order the duck fries, and pick from a slew of house made dipping sauces.. I still have yet to try them all, but every time I do enjoy the Blue Monk, friends and I always end up sharing the dip.. So.. all in all, there's a few things holding this place back from 5 stars.. sometimes the bathrooms could use a little attention (understandably on a busy bar night) and on occasion the servers get a little stretched thin.. which I won't really complain about, but since these 2 areas could be improved, I can't give out 5 stars.. however, if you're looking for a fun night out with some good food and great drink.. this place should leave you feeling quite satisfied.
Blue Monk is just the latest place for pretentious Elmwood yuppies to hang out and "see and be seen."  The drinks are expensive, the food is even more expensive, and the service I've experienced from the bartenders and the servers leaves a lot to be desired.  On the plus side, the food I've had there was pretty good.  The place looks pretty cool inside too.   I used to live two blocks from the place and tried going there a couple times late at night for a beer until I found out that they were charging a cover.  There wasn't a band playing or anything, they just thought they could make a few extra bucks.  Sorry, no bar in Buffalo is cool enough where it's worth paying a cover to get into if there's no live act. I agree with the one person who said that while this place would be a footnote in a real city, it gets raved about in Buffalo because we don't have much else here. If you wanna hang out at a trendy place and spend tons of money on expensive drinks and food then go hang out here.  If you think that wanting to "see and be seen" is stupid, go somewhere else and get double the amount for the same amount of money.
Another Buffalo favorite, but loud, crowded, and loud. The food was fine and they have a great beer selection but did I mention it's loud in there? The staff seem friendly and helpful but it's a bit loud in there, also.
This place is great. I've been there several times, but my experience last night finally made me want to write a review. I'm a mad beer lover and the bar tenders obviously are too. They all seem excited to engage in sharing their favorite beers and zealous about their ability to choose the perfect beers for your taste. For this reason, I usually like to sit at the bar. Their beer selection is heavily Belgium-influenced, but there's always a good mix of everything. The beers are pricey, but they're good, and most you won't find anywhere else in town. They also give clear ideas about what you're getting listing the alcohol percentage, ounces per serving, and price, so no surprises. They're also happy to let you try any beer before you commit, which is nice when about to commit to a $10, 12 oz beer. The food is really good too, and they're quite able to pair their dishes, again, with the perfect beer. And the atmosphere provides either people watching on the front patio, inside private tables, and a wonderful beer garden in the back. They clientele is quite diverse taking in quite a bit of white-collars (which you'll probably have to push past to get in the door) and a good mix of everyone else. I'd say it's appropriate for an older family, or a date. The only down side I've found is that it's *often* super crowded and a bit loud. I just chock it up as part of the ambiance. I'll definitely return.
First time trying Blue Monk was tonight. After reading all the reviews online about this place I, as many other reviews saw the good, the bad, and the hilarious reviews. I did not let any of them deter me....more like I was able to complete my list of what I wanted to get while I dined here. We started off with the short rib braised poutine fries/frites. I honestly didn't know fries  were capable tasting that good. The short rib addition to the fries, gravy and cheese was perfect. Since we had a wonderful waitress she delivered each of the items we ordered as a "course" Our second course was the Ommegang witte mussels. They were delivered with a nice small loaf of bread for soaking up the sauce from the mussels. The mussels although weren't the best I have ever had but they were VERY good!! I would totally order them again. Last course was the Mac and Cheese I kept hearing about time and time again in every review. This was worth waiting for. After hearing about it so much on yelp I was sure I was making it up to be much more than it really was but I was wrong IT WAS AMAZING!!!! The smoked bacon was the perfect touch to the home made macaroni and cheese. I have never once had any other macaroni that was even comparable. My only complaint was the place was hot, borderline uncomfortably hot. It was between 80 and id say maybe 86 degrees outside today and it felt just as hot inside as it was outside. Upon arriving at the hostess stand in the bar area it was quite comfortable but when we went up a level to the table it was quite a bit hotter. That's all, I will return. This is the perfect winter food place.
This is a first. I got take out at Blue Monk. I was craving some tasty poutine and wanted to have some greasy comfort food back at home. Unfortunately, they don't let you do that over the phone, so I had to come in and place the order...and wait about twenty minutes. It was no problem though, because the poutine and mac and cheese were delightful and bad for you in all the best ways. The mac and cheese had a bacon and smoky flavor that pervaded the entire dish, yet it was cooked to just the right amount of tenderness. The poutine had bits of duck, which were so tender and juicy. Not a great vegetarian friendly food, but oh so good. What else is there to say about Blue Monk? They have a huge craft beer section. One of the best in B'lo, but it's always so packed.
Great beer on tap, always. I have also been here for brunch and their hangover burger was amazing! It was served with their duck frites and I got to choose a dipping sauce for it. I chose the sriracha may and I highly recommend it along with the chipotle bacon mayo.
Delicious food, great beer list, and decent service. The menu is clearly Belgian influenced and makes me think of my time in Brussels... the one dire hole in the menu is the waffles!  I would love to have a place in buffalo that makes real, sugary, crunchy on the outside gooey on the inside belgian waffles and Blue Monk seems the perfect fit. Perhaps one day - it would make a great dessert at least. Otherwise - lots of what they should have - frites (not french fries. They're different.), mussels, cheeses, earthy veggies, red meats and stews- essentially everything I would expect from a Belgian place.  I'm glad they don't throw in a few "American foods" - if you come to a Belgian place, you should expect Belgian food! The place is hella small though, so you best be there early or be prepared to wait. My personal favorite things about the place? The multiple cider options (yes, there's always at least 3!!) and the duck poutine (no surprise there). I mean, seriously - duck poutine. I won't even try to describe it's deliciousness, just enjoy it. As said by many others, the beer list is great (although despite popular opinion is not the only long beer list in town) and always changing. Personally I think the prices are more than reasonable and where they should be as I've only had fresh and well cooked food here. Not to mention they're frying in rendered duck fat - much more expensive, hard to come by, tastier, and arguably healthier for you than canola or vegetable.
Love the beer selection and the fantastic food! Mussels are always a great bet as well as the Duck Rueben.
We had originally planned to go someplace else for dinner, only to find it closed, so I pulled up my yelp app to see what was nearby that i had already bookmarked. It was the perfect excuse to hop the bus down Elmwood to Blue Monk. It was fairly early on a Monday night, so I wasn't expecting it to be too crowded. We were seated right away (4 of us) by a very pleasant hostess, followed quickly by our server who explained the evening specials and took our beverage order. We split an order of Delirium Tremens mussels (Strong Golden/Pale Ale with smoked chorizo, potato, charred tomato and poblano peppers). They were some of the best mussels I have ever had. Plump, free of grit, and served in an amazing broth that I could have eaten with my spoon after I ran out of bread to sop it up. My son got the special burger of the night. Elk with blackberry jam and goat cheese. It came out perfectly cooked (medium rare). He had upgraded to the duck frites (we all did) with the chipotle bacon mayo. The burger was declared to be amazing, at which point I persuaded him to let me have a taste. Absolutely incredible. His girlfriend ordered the Blue Monk Burger, which she said was wonderful My daughter got the ultimate grilled cheese with spinach added, and I have to say I was picking on her at first for ordering grilled cheese from all the wonderful choices. One small bit though, and I knew she had a winner. It was the perfect mix of crisp buttery bread and gooey stringy cheese topped with fresh spinach and a thick tomato slice. It was so good I would consider ordering it myself next time. I ordered the Duck Confit Reuben. The bread was a little crisper than I would have liked, but the entire thing was just delicious. It was piled high with duck and slaw, not too salty and most definitely not dry. We were stuffed, so we didn't try any of the deserts. I cannot wait to go back again.
Good beer matched with same delicious food, and expectation I would have of any bar. The beer selection is great but can be difficult during an evening to get attention from a bar tender to navigate the 100+ beer selection. When it's not overcrowded the service is fantastic and the bar staff know the selection extremely well. The food is unexpectedly great! The burgers are done nicely, sandwiches with great chips. These are unmatched with their selection of duck fries and muscle options. These options make this bar one if the hands down best establishments for good and beer in Buffalo.
What a cool place! Great location, cool vibe, plenty of great brews and the food is very good.  The ambiance here works well for the location and our server was nice and good and cheery despite messing up our order because she DIDN'T WRITE IT DOWN (drives me crazy). I said "no onions" only to receive "lots of onions."  Next time I'll ask them to write it down and maybe, just maybe, I'll give them back their fourth star.
Great beer selection, and some great pub food. Not a bad choice for a cold buffalo day.
I thought about giving this place 2 stars so I don't look like a douche among these great reviews, but I can't. I called ahead of time to see how much wait time there was, but the girl who picked up said she doesn't know right now because she's behind the bar and she would go and check. And then she put me on hold and hung up...the eff? Then we go to Blue Monk and takes forever to get noticed at the hostess stand and their 15 minute wait turns into a 30 minute wait. It seems like everyone pitches in to be a waitress so we got asked like 3 times if we ordered, which, yes, we did the last 2 times you guys checked. Food service was SO slow...our plate of spreads came out like 30 minutes later and the hummus in that was gross and the bread was toasted to black, which maybe that's the new fashion or something. The main dishes took another 20 minutes to come out. My friend's french onion soup was really, really salty so she didn't touch that. Blue Monk burger was ok and the braised short rib sandwich was ok and still sitting in the fridge. Duck frites were really nothing special. Anyhow, the service was definitely the killer. The service was slow and unorganized. It took forever for them to notice we were done eating. They gave us the box to go and didn't give us the bill. It was just a lot of trying to get noticed and really getting pissed off and the food is not great so no go ever again!
Excellent selection of beers. They have a great rotation of Belgian ales from local breweries and more well-known ones as well. The seasonals are also great. The atmosphere is fun with a Biergarden open during select months of the summer. The food, however, is marginal. The Duck frites and poutine are good, but the mac and cheese is really oily and not much flavor. I would sample a few more dishes, but I prefer the nightlife here and the great beer. Some nights there is a cover charge due to a live band. I've loved all the bands I've heard so far!
Many types of establishments only exist in Buffalo in 1's and 2's.  The Blue Monk is a great example.  The Blue Monk is a Belgian-inspired bistro that bills itself a "gastropub," of which there are many in New York City, Chicago, or Toronto but only one (to my knowledge) in Buffalo.   What would be merely a footnote in many large cities becomes an undeserved hit here.  Sad. I ordered their burger and their chips while sampling frites and various spreads off of my companions' plates and slowly sipping their expensive beers.  The burger was fine.  Served on a soft roll (a biscuit or a grilled roll would have better suited my tastes), it suffered from a superabundance of cheese.  (At no self-respecting Belgian bistro should I ever have to fork off excess globs of cheese.  The flavors of the meat and the sauce should be key!)  The chips were the second best restaurant chips I've ever had and should not be overlooked in favor of the frites, which I found poorly textured and poorly flavored.   That the Blue Monk sports a wide selection of beers is fantastic.  I appreciate every effort to open the eyes of Buffalonians to a world beyond Budweiser, Blue Moon, and Labatt Blue.  That the beers are so very expensive, not relative to the Buffalo market but to the New York market, is nearly criminal.  In midtown Manhattan, I can find Weihenstephaner for six dollars a glass, not seven.  I can find Guinness Draught for five, rather than six and a half.  I can find Smuttynose for five.   But in general, the restaurant is unnecessarily expensive!  Their bleu cheese burger costs 12$ (+2$ if you want frites) and their gruyere and carmelized onions offering costs 13$ (again +2$), prices equal to or greater than places that specialize in burgers in Midtown Manhattan.   The prices might be justified if the service was better.  I dined with only two other companions well after the dinner crowd had cleared, around 8:30 PM.  Our food must have stumbled helter skelter on an Odyssey.  We waited for over half an hour off-peak. This place?  It's fine.  It could be much better.  It could boast better service.  It could be much cheaper.
