Until about 6 weeks ago, I had never even considered going into Lord & Taylor. I mean, why would I?  I hate department stores: too big, too crowded, too annoying, nothing I want to wear anyway, etc. etc.  But, I needed a lighter weight coat, and my attempts at finding something reasonably priced and decent were thwarted at every turn (stuff was bought, stuff was returned at stores all over town). Then my roommate suggested Lord & Taylor.  I looked at him strangely. Lord & Taylor?  He said, yes, Lord & Taylor.  He's a heterosexual male, so I was willing to instantly forget such advice. But then, I was at the Mid-Manhattan Library, picking up some DVDs (yes, I am too cheap to rent movies; I get them for free from the library), and Lord & Taylor was just down the street. I was cold; I needed a new coat; I thought, why not? Unlike the hell that is Macy's, Lord & Taylor is the oasis of calm. With helpful sales staff. Organized racks of stuff, even the sale racks.  Surprisingly nice stuff. And my new, spiffy lightweight wool between-seasons coat ended up being $42. Marked down from $200.  And it was cheaper than what was marked on the tag.  Yee-haw!   I've been back a couple of times, and each time, it's been pleasant and less expensive than I expected.  I've been feeling the need to accessorize lately (something I don't really do), and their jewelry section is totally hooking me up.  I'm a fan!
This store nice flag ship store. Couple floors, since its in heart of NY, nicer assortment of designers, the buyers cater to nice range of target market , too. Where the ones here in NJ, PHila, cater for more conservative, little older crowd. I didn't get to browse around as much As I would like, was searching for my mom's outfit , wedding coming up. They had nice selection of formal,as well as Cruise, linen wear, but we still walked out -nothing.  Onto next store.
Because this is one of the higher end department stores, a lot of people are too intimidated to shop here. And yes, there is a ton of outrageously expensive stuff, but they also have a ton of awesome sales. Go off peak and check the clearance racks- you will be surprised by how many bargains you can find in this place.
Only thing I can say about the store is that they have a great return policy... they give you 90 days. I've returned watches here twice and had no issues. Wish they had a bigger selection of watches though, it's getting cumbersome to keep coming back here..
I mostly come here for the shoe department on the second floor, which is fantastic.  The salespeople are always very friendly and are very willing to help you find your size.  The rest of the store isn't as great, but they do always have a lot of deals going on which is a plus.  The first floor has minimal customer service, which is disappointing and kind of uncomfortable.  They don't greet you and are always talking amongst themselves.  I will come here again, but only for the shoe department.
I always had a preconceived notion of this store being similar to Sears for some reason, but boy was i wrong! Although it is set up in typical department store fashion, the racks are filled with great finds. They have a ton of well known designers here at discounted prices. A good store for the shopper who wants quality clothes but still needs to pay rent!
Note:  This review is for their bridal department only.  (I'm generally a big fan of L&T for the variety & great sales so it saddens me to write this.) I think the person assigned to help me that day was filling in from another department or wasn't trained yet because I was appalled by the service, or lack thereof that I received.  A dear friend & I showed up on time for our appointment, and I was asked my wedding date, style of party, number of guests, and vibe.  I was then told to browse around and if I saw something I liked to let the woman (I forget her name) know and she'd see if she had my size to try on.  I wondered why they asked for so much information if they weren't going to help me narrow down the vast array to match my details.  I picked several dresses and was put in a freezing cold dressing room with the lot of dresses to try on.  The saleswoman left me and my friend there to fend for ourselves.  She checked in on us, once, about 5 minutes into the try-on process, and I asked for some shoes.  She never came back with them.   I was cold, underwhelmed with the service while being overwhelmed with the task at hand.  My friend is now my star bridesmaid, and we walked out of the department and nobody even said goodbye. For their reputation, and the much ballyhooed re-opening of the bridal boutique, I would say they have done a poor job & have some real work to do to if they want a thriving bridal concern.
This is one of my favourite department stores in NYC. Located within easy walking distance from Times Square and near Bryant Park and New York Public Library, Lord and Taylor in handy to get to. This is a well organised store and I particulary like the cosmetics department on the ground floor with all the usual suspects including Clinique, YSL, Clarins, Lancome, Elizabeth Arden etc. They also have great fashion ranges and despite the Christmas rush when I visited, the selection of Uggs were good and the staff on this section helpful. One handy tip  if you are buying something as a gift or you just fancy some nice little storage boxes for yourself then ask staff for some gift boxes- they were happy to give me a few and leave them flat so I could fetch them home safely.
Not Your Grandma's Store Anymore! Lord & Taylor... Just hearing that name, I'm instantly transported to the 1980's of my childhood, and memories of my cashmere sweater-collecting grandmother in Minnesota, a walking 1950's time piece herself, sea-green 67' Buick she refused to trade in and all. To her, Lord & Taylor meant quality and sophistication, style and grace. While all the major department stores have taken hits over the years, with the rise of independent retailers like Old Navy, H & M and Target and such, Lord & Taylor more than any store struggled to stay relevant. Well, they're still around, and while they still cater to an older, more mature set of shoppers, they have begun reaching out to a new demographic, with trendy styles galore, and lots of coupons and discounts, and sometimes even sale flyers than you can find in your local newspapers or circulars. That being said, with a name like Lord & Taylor, one cannot signify "cheap". The name still stands for elegance... they have 16 pages worth of cocktail dresses alone on their website (and the cheapest ones on there start at $50... and average more like $200)! Their only store in NYC is located- where else, on Fifth Avenue. They have every major fashion designer's line there!
This is a review for lordandtaylor.com. While the site is easy to navigate, the inventory status is not accurate which is very problematic and customer service responsiveness is very, very slow - it took a whole week - two phone calls and one email before someone finally emailed me to let me know an item was no longer available. I don't think they've got a handle on online retailing which is a shame since they offer quality merchandise at a fair price point. And their shipping and handling fee is way to high for the lackluster level of service they provide.
Great store, far less crowded and head pounding-ly noisy as Macy's. Sales associates were terrific and didn't hover obsessively around. I wasn't intending on buying anything, but ended up picking an under armor shirt that was on sale. great store and awesome prices.
Went to lord and taylor looking for a formal dress. I stopped by the second floor first and was greeted by a sales associate. Everyone here is really nice and willing to help with no sales pressure. I find their sales racks very neat and well organized unlike many other department stores. I also stopped by the third floor and was impressed by their formal dress and gown selection. Again, I was greeted by a kind sales associate. Yes, the items can be pricey but their sales racks are very reasonable and have a good selection of varying sizes to choose from. Overall, a great environment to shop in and a friendly store!
L&T still feels like a classic NY department store (remember Altmans?).  The beautiful open first floor has a fantastic belle epoque ceiling.  The sales staff are experienced and genuinely helpful.  There is a REAL and HUGE shoe department on the second floor that is the finest in the city.  This is the store to go to if you have a real shopping goal.  At Bloomingdales, you might wander for hours through vague fashion "experiences," and never remember what you came in for in the first place. At L&T, if you go in looking for a belt, you will leave with a belt.  Which is not to say that there aren't certain fashion indulgences to be had here.  I think the buyers are especially good at picking out wearable choices for this store.   Do not miss the seasonal shoe department sales.
Excellent Service, Excellent deals and coupons EVERY time. Shoe selection is insane this season, and every person in the department is constantly offering to help you.
Although I frequent Macy's, Herald Square, Lord & Taylor will now be my department store of choice.  It is less crowded than Macy's and has just as good of a selection as well as prices and coupons. We had excellent service in the Men's suit section, although we did not end up making a purchase. We also had amazing service from Lisanne in the jewelry section.  She was helpful, patient, enthusiastic, and attentive.  We found a great ring!! I will keep coming back to Lord & Taylor.
My go-to place for quality purchases at great prices.  Deducted 1 star only because the service is often lacking.  The employees tend to talk LOUDLY to each other across the store or huddled in corners while you are trying to peacefully hunt for the perfect find.  They can seldom answer questions with a direct and helpful response.  Ask "what line do you have in this price range that would be perfect for a formal business environments" and you will be told "well, we have some suits here and some more on the next 2 floors.  You could try looking there".  They try, but it's not the response you expect for the brand.  The shoe selection is just as good as the dress selection.  Fair warning though : don't expect a million options, and again don't expect a lot of help. That being said, 5 stars on the environment, cleanliness of the store, peacefulness (if you can get away from the employees), and selection of affordable designer pieces.  Much more pleasant to shop in than Macy's
I don't care if there's a crazy shoe sale going on, the sales people in the shoes department are god awful.  When I was next in line at the register and the sales guy finished ringing up the customer ahead of me, the sales guy looked at me (saw that I was making a return), did not say a word to me, and simply walked away from me.  And to do what?  Not to help someone else or to attend to some urgent matter.  But to stand about 20 feet away and stare off into space.  The next sales guy had such a pissy attitude.  I don't care if you hate your job, you're getting paid to provide good customer service, so force a fake smile and be nice!!  Aside from the horrible customer service, the shoe section was a total mess- looked as if a tornado ripped through it.  And the entrance to the store has so many strong perfume scents floating through the air that my nose feels like it's going to bleed every time I walk into that joint.
I have been shopping and L+T, off and on, since before college.  Interestingly enough, my parents shopped here religiously as they rose the laddder of success, especially while they were raising my brother and I, and it seems I may follow that path.  L+T is an attractive brand because it nestles in between Macy's and Bloomingdale's, but it is not as large, or as concentrated to the suburbs, as Nordstrom (similarly positioned).  For me, it is the perfect department store experience for daily life, carrying what is appropriate and stylish for everyday living.  The 39th Street store only adds to this experience.  I found, after 5 years, the perfect shirt for work- slim fit, good coloring, normal collar, good sleeve length, and cheap enough to rinse and repeat online when you need to stock up.  I went to Macy's and couldn't run away fast enough (even though they had the shirt).  I came (back) to L+T and realized, yet again, why this occupies the best space for me in NYC.  Both the in-store and online experiences are optimal, which is important because I need to be able to do both easily wherever I shop.  L+T doesn't have everything (like my cologne or the upmost brands like Tom Ford), but it has enough where I can depend on it for whatever basics I may need for any situation.
Absolutely ridiculous. Their shoe department has the worst help. They're eager to help but very helpless. I was in the store yesterday and found a pair of shoes I need for a wedding in just a few days. The young lady helping me tried to find the mate which was in the store but instead just roamed around helping other people because she had no interest in searching through the clearance shoes...not that I blame her but at least two people searching were better than just her. Eventually after watching her aimlessly walk around helping others and avoiding me, she told me she had done everything she could. I left my name and number within the shoe box so when they found the other shoe they would see my contact and call me...doubtful. So I called the following day- the woman who answered the phone dismissed me by telling me she was not a saleswoman sooooo what did I want from her? I asked to be transferred to someone that could help me. The next woman who answered the phone told me I had to wait for the saleswoman that originally helped me with the shoes yesterday. Thats when I lost it. I explained to them this was ridiculous, I wasnt going to wait around for their employees schedules I was calling for help and not to be drawn around in circles because everyone was too lazy to help me find the other shoe. Eventually she looked and said she couldnt find it. She suggested I talked to a manager- then ended the call. I may have had somewhat of a helpful experience when finding the shoes but even over hearing other sales associates speak to customers it was rude. Another associate kept demeaning a girl for asking if they had a clearance shoe in her size. Moral of story- lazy and rude rude rude sale associates. If you want anything within their shoe department dont rely on anyone but yourself.
I don't know...this place isn't so hip. You can find the same brands at a much more fun, "happening" department store.
I have always liked this store, regardless of where it's located.  The NY store is very elegant, well-put-together, and neat.  It's must less frenzied than Macy's is, and has a much more upscale feel.  Even better, the prices are not too bad, and they almost always have sales and/or coupons.  Just a nice shopping experience.
Horrible customer service. Don't come here, they will ignore you...and blame you for it. (Isn't this the same store as the one on 15 W 38th street? Can someone please correct me if I'm wrong) My gf and I went to look at dresses and we found a dress in a color we like. There were two people working there, my gf said excuse me a few times and they just talked to each other. Fine, we let them finish and came back after a few minutes, now there's one salesperson. My gf goes up and asks her where can we find dresses of the same color and style. The salesperson waves her arms in a general direction and hisses "look over there" my gf actually went "over there" and finds nothing similar. So I ask another salesperson where I can find dresses of the same color, she brings me to where we found it and tells us to ask people who work there. I told her the people who work there told us to go somewhere else. Now the first person comes over and says "who said that?" and we said "you did" and she just blatantly lies, in our face, "I've never talked to you". I was flabbergasted and said this was not the level of service I was expecting here. Now another salesperson stops her transaction with a paying customer, comes over and blames us for causing a commotion. When I described to her what happened, she told me I shouldn't have asked the first salesperson because she doesn't work at that department. Appalled, I asked her why the first salesperson couldn't have told us that and basically told us to screw off? At this point my gf pulled me away and we left.
came to L&T with a friend that was going crazy for their sandal sale. boring!!!! instead i went to do what men do, look at suits. tried on a bunch of suits. i wasn't in the mood to buy just kick some tires but then i saw a nice BOSS BLACK grey suit. tried it on and that was that. came in with a girl with a vision of sandals, left with an altered on the spot suit. want to give a 1 star bc i didn't want to buy another suit but gave it a 5 bc it looks damn good on me ;)
If it wasn't for holiday shopping I genuinely question whether or not this store would remain in business. Lord and Taylor is what one might call a legacy department store in that it refuses to reinvent itself despite the fact that virtually every other store has done so many times over. I haven't heard any 1980s music while shopping there but the overall aesthetic is begging for it. Tacky mirrors, terrible floors, unbearable fluorescent lighting, brutal indoor displays. The only two pluses I can think of are the Christmastime window arrangements (which are often great) and the relatively cheap prices. But their inventory (at least for men) is, how do you say, ultra-sucky. Macy's on 34th is exponentially better and worth walking to if you have the extra 10 minutes.
One of the best places to go in the city. Huge department store, with friendly staff. I know everyone says go to Macy's, but personally I prefer Lord & Taylor. I used to work at both Macy's and Lord and Taylor, and L&T is definitely a better place to work.  Yes, some of the stuff there can be pricey, but they always have sales going on, and, if you're like me, you get tons of coupons from them all the time and a deeper discount with their credit card. I always find something I like when I come in here and everyone who works there is nice and helpful.
The Manhattan Lord and Taylor is my favorite department store, along with BHV in Paris. Both have high-end merchandise but remain solidly bourgeoise in their customer base. As the other commenters here have pointed out, L & T has great sales and is much less crowded and zoolike than Macy's or Bloomingdale's. Also, they have clean and accessible restrooms on almost every floor. Like BHV, which is on the Rue de Rivoli in Paris, the store is located in a very touristy part of town, but attracts relatively few overseas tourists compared to the other NYC department stores. I feel sorry for all the tourists dragging themselves through Macy's when they could be having a great shopping experience at Lord and Taylor's. The service is usually OK (I mostly shop on the fourth and fifth floors), but it could be improved. And the usually uncrowded Sarabeth's is a nice place to stop for a cup of coffee. I only gave it four stars because my only complaint is that they stigmatize plus size women and put their clothing on an insultingly high floor. The suburban Lord and Taylors practice a similar kind of clothing segregation. Since the majority of American women are at least a size 14, it seems to be a foolishly self-defeating strategy.
The shoe department covers a lot of ground really well with the exception of  the stratospherically priced stilettos available at the single name brand stores or Bergdorf's. The sales are phenomenal and very crowded but I have found the sales help present on the floor and amazingly patient. If you look around you, unfortunately, shoe shopping seems to bring out a lot of demanding, entitled timewasters who try on endlessly and don't buy, leaving a litter of shoes and empty boxes and a cloud of unpleasantness behind them. If you are not one of them, the staff will respond well to you. The cashiers area can be slow. (Maybe they are losing commissions?) The fine jewelry section also has some lovely things and lots of periodic markdowns. This store also has the most charming Christmas windows in New York, usually with some sort of NYC through the centuries theme. NYer's shop L & T to say thank you for that, just as they shop Macys as a thank you for the best annual parade in the world.
Excellent petite's department!!!
On a tour bus the guide mentioned that she had always lived in NY and highly recommended L & T.  I decided to check it out and was very impressed.  Great selection hitting lots of price points. The salespeople were all extremely helpful and courteous.  I would go back next time I visit!
Clean, well laid out, ordered, serene, well stocked, spacious. These are some of the words that come to mind. Lord & Taylor you have got it going on my friend. This is my new happy place. I arrived at 9.45am to be greeted by a kind gentleman offering me a seat. Really? Why? 'We are open at 10am madam, your welcome to relax here till that time.' I'm so impressed. I expect this in a high end retailer but not a department store. They have really exceeded my expectations. I had a lovely lady (Crystal) help me with shoes. There was no pushiness, complete attention to what I was looking for. At no point did I feel like I needed to hurry. I purchased a great boot for the fall and I wasn't really intending on doing so but Crystal was great. Retail assistants of New York City, go and see Crystal and the team at L&T! This is how should professionals conduct themselves. Well done. Customer for life.
To whom it may concern, I am disgusted about your last television commercial. The use of a racing Greyhound shows your ignorance with regard to the plight of the Greyhound.  Greyhounds (as you've depicted) are kept in cages 23 hours a day, by the thousands per track, and most are killed silently (again by the thousands), when they do not win. Please remove this commercial and publicly apologise.   Respectfully.
Okay, no wonder this place is having financial issues. They're visual merchandising sucks here and not to mention people here were not helpful at all. I came all the way here, because I heard a rumour they sell See's Candies here. I had a gut feeling it wasn't going to be easy and it wasn't, because no one knew what I was talking about. The Chanel lady just told me to go to the elevator where they only had Godiva. I asked some other people and no one knew, and so I finally just asked where is customer service. Customer Service is hard to find, since they have it listed under Executive Office. I went and that lady was the only one that was nice and helpful. She told me it is on the 8th floor by the gift wrapping section. This was a poor selection - the display looked sad and lonely. Who will know you have See's Candies if you're putting them all the way up on the 8th floor hiding in Gift Wrapping? Put that mess on the main floor and featured it and put some light to it. They didn't even have Toffettes -not sure if they ran out or if they just didn't have a very good selection. They had assorted chocolate and the lollipops. My phone was dying, luckily enough power to track that they're also in Macy's.
I came here to buy a cocktail dress for a wedding. Everyone was nice except for this horrible lady Carmen on floor 3. I found a really cute basix silver sequin dress  and I was trying to find a smaller size in the clearance section. All of a sudden Carmen(I went over after out encounter to read her tag) comes over and stops me approx 2:40pm and tell me the way I am looking through the merchandise is not the right way that I shouldn't be touching the clothes, only the hanger. I ignored her and she kept going. Excuse me? This is totally insane. I couldn't make this crazy stuff up. I'll take my business elsewhere. peace out lord and Taylor.
THIS STORE SUCKS!!! EVERYONE! QUICK! GO SHOP AT MACY'S! I'LL SUFFER AT L&T! Don't believe me? Well fine then - here is my review: -Great fashions and awesome deals. -A lot of the same brands for shoes are here and are usually cheaper than amazon or bloomies. -Staff is super helpful, efficient, and nice. -Calm welcoming atmosphere.  No ridiculous crowds & fights. -Beautiful window displays - especially at Christmas. Enjoy!
Get with the program you pos customer service. What department store in this era isn't able to look up a transaction in the system without a receipt? Macy's, Saks and Bloomingdale's all have an e-receipt system so that if you lose the paper receipt, THERE'S A WAY to look it up!!! Hate them.
I'm a big fan of L&T. I can almost always find what I'm looking for here and I love that there are frequent sales. The store is clean and classy, and is without the crazy mess that lots of stores in NYC often have. Also, no crowds! The staff is usually helpful and kind, though of course there is always an occasional encounter with someone unpleasant, but in my experience, it's rare. Whenever I need something for a special occasion, a gift, or pretty much any clothing item, I head here. The Sarabeth's is a plus for a shopping break/snack, too!
Wow! I'm allergic to the big stores just like every other New Yorker. A bridesmaid dress brought me here after feeling severely claustrophobic at Macy's. Wow, wow and fucking wow! Encountered 4 employees and EVERY single one of them went out of their way to help me get in, pick, pay and GTFO. L&T, you have restored my faith in humanity and retail!! Keep paying these salespeople well because they are earning them $
All of the rant about this store but nothing to really rant about once you get in , comparing this store to Neman is not even close in comparison , got a pair of wingtip cole Haans  that's it , service was ok
Don't even consider ordering anything online from these clowns. Right now, my bank account has been charged twice and PayPal once - all for the same item, which - after several emails and 'phone calls to "customer service," Lord and Taylor can't even tell me I will receive. Their useless excuse is that their inventory "isn't real time", so basically I'm ordering in the blind, just hoping that they'll send me what I ordered. Their reps are unable to determine what is actually in stock vs sold out, and I am stuck trying to get ready for a wedding, waiting to see which of the dresses I ordered will actually arrive at my home. Maddening!! This is the worst-run online department I've ever witnessed. Avoid at all costs.
Hands down my favorite department store in Manhattan. Never too crowded, great sales, and top notch customer service. The recently renovated mens department is awesome. Strong work Lord & Taylor, give yourself a raise!
Rude customer service.  Tried to check if something was in stock in store and had to argue with the salesperson just to tell her no I don't want her sending me a shirt when I was calling to ask about a dress.  I doesn't make sense.  Still confused, still don't know why she was giving me attitude, and still don't know if they have the dress in stock. Also, don't order anything online because they won't ship it to you in two days and they'll send you the wrong item like its not a big deal.
Kind of a fancy store to pick up some holiday presents. Few days before Christmas I went shopping there after work and it was not that crowded at around 9pm. Definitely not the touristy madhouse that Macy's usually is. I found the staff there to be pretty helpful too and I was in and out quickly. Seems like an organized store, and one that the locals can go to in the area as a department store to call their own. Macy's might be larger and have more sales going on but L&T is a much calmer shopping experience. Pretty clean bathrooms too which is a big upgrade over the Macy's disgusting outhouses of filth. Nice window displays for Christmas. Very art deco 30's vibe. So glad Christmas shopping is over for another year!
My daughter needed a dress for graduation from Middle School. She is on the Autism Spectrum. Bloomingdales was a nightmare with different music tracks blasting on each floor. Meltdown was in progress. NY& Co was a little better but not much. Then we decided to try Lord & Taylor's and this is a department store done right!  Same brands as Bloomingdales but with a better selection and better mark-downs. But equally as important is the calmer and less overloading atmosphere. Music was tasteful and playing softly in background so that you did not face an ever-changing wall of sound that sends Autistic kids over the edge. We had a calmer and much less frustrating experience here and walked out with two beautiful, tasteful and appropriate dresses that looked fabulous on my daughter!
Always find what I need when I come.  Great sales on the high end dresses ($250.00-$425.00) Tahari Elie, Cynthia Steffe, and others).  Staff is plentiful and ok..... another good location is Ridgehill (Yonkers).
This place is kind of a pain in the ass. I came here on a Sunday seeking a specific pair of boots. Their shoe department was a complete madhouse for no obvious reason. I find my boots and managed to flag down an associate in a reasonable amount of time. I give him the boot and he uses his little electronic gadget to get my size brought up from the stockroom. After at least 5 minutes he hands me my boots and dashes off. I put them on and the calves are HUGE! I didn't remember them looking this way on my friend, so I ask him if this is how they are supposed to fit. He said he didn't know. I then go back to the display pair, and show him that I think these are the ones for extra large calves and not the pair I asked for. He doesn't believe me but gets another pair. The other pair have normal legs, but the feet are a little big. I check the box and they are a half size bigger than what I asked for. I bring this to his attention to see if I can get my correct size. He then says he doesn't have an 8, but both the 8 and the 8 and a half have the same foot size. WHAT?!?!? All of this kept taking up precious time I didn't have. Since we kept having to get boots sent up, he'd go check, etc. He finally offered to order me a pair of 8s, but during all of this time I had gone on Nordstrom's website. The boots were actually $20 cheaper, plus Nordstrom's makes buying, returning, everything easy. This place is more trouble than it's worth, and definitely priced higher than other comparable stores. Won't be wasting my time here again!
What's nice about Lord & Taylor is that they have the premium denim collections for men now - Diesel, G-Star, Buffalo David Bitton, etc. They also got really cool labels like John Varvatos.  Anyway, I love that they're getting more upscale merchandise on the men's floor now, but I look forward for Lord & Taylor to compete w/ their corporate cousin, Saks, and get luxury brands like Gucci, Prada, Louis Vuitton. It's definitely a great department store if you don't like crowds. It's very calm and quiet!
Rude. I wouldn't shop here if you paid me to.
Me: hi, I would like to use this gift card to buy things from your online store Lord and Taylor: lololololololol! Actually, we're going to cancel your order for no reason. AND, we're going to pretend you bought ANOTHER gift card, and charge your credit card for it! Thank you, come again!
I can't believe that I have not reviewed L&T!  As everyone reading my reviews on Yelp, you can tell that I love, love, love to it, and this unstoppable love mean that I am not a small girl, don't get me wrong, I am not a herculean size, but over the years, the pounds have piled up on my otherwise normal frame, and buying nice clothes is pretty hard.  Macy's is a zoo which I have hated all my life.  Bloomingdale's is nice but pricey.  Shopping online sometimes works, most of the time does not.  The off-price stores like TJ Maxx are often hit or miss, if a hit, it's a really nice hit like a royal blue Tahari jacket I scored recently for 60 bucks that actually makes me look skinnier, in any case, enter L&T where there is practically an entire floor devoted to the plus size, and so many awesome items from names like Tahari, Eileen Fisher, John's New York, Lauren by Ralph Lauren, Nippon, L&T store brands, you can spend half a day here selecting merchandise, but I usually have no more than 2 hours, however, always end up scoring some items and the prices are amazing too-besides getting everything I bought last night on sale, there was 30% on top of it, I ended up getting 4 base pieces for layering and 3 cardigans for less than 300 bucks!
This Lord and Taylor offers an array of fashion pieces for a bargain price. However, I'm utterly disappointed with their customer service. I was put on hold for more than 20 minutes to simply ask if they carried a specific boot in a size 7 and their representative replied back with such an attitude. I was offended by her lack of professionalism and will no longer be a patron of this business after going there for so many years. I'm extremely disappointed.
After years of bypassing L&T on my way to other shopping destinations, I finally stopped in to check it out. WOW! I was really impressed with the brand selection, and there were some really great sales on while we were there (mid-Aug), such as an additional 25% off of clearance items. I got a t-shirt that I'd been after for weeks but had only seen online so far. Best of all, there were no crowds at all. I've gotten so sick of the crowds and mess at Macy's! L&T was like a breath of fresh air. The three staff members we dealt with in menswear were really nice, especially Tim, who helped us with our purchases. Thank you, Tim, we'll be back!
This is truly my favorite store in NY. For the last 10 years, i've bought pretty much all my usual, non branded staples here. The store is never crazy busy, is well organized, and the staff is generally very helpful and genuinely wants to help. Once in a while you'll get a less polite salesperson, but 99% of the time, my experiences here have been great. It's a really civilized shopping experience.
After I went to Saks and Bloomingdales, I stopped at L&T. They had many of the same brands in a larger range of sizes and they run ongoing 20-25% off coupons. I got zero customer service getting a cocktail dress for the Best of Boston party and they wouldn't let me husband into the dressing room with me to help me zip. We aren't going to do it in L&T, sillies. BUT, with all the dresses I managed to haul back, I found one that was perfect. For $125. Score. So with all that "savings" I dragged my husband to Eileen Fisher, where the customer service is always outstanding, and blew the rest of what I had intended to spend on the dress on another dress, a vest, leggings, and a top. Now I need a bigger suitcase. But seriously, L&T is the bomb. I always score there, and the store in NYC has a lot more options than the mall stores in Boston.
Reviewing L&T online website. I am a frequent online shopper & This is the most frustrating retail website i've ever visited.  For more than two years, the site seldom works well.   It takes FOREVER to remove an item from your cart.  FOREVER to check out.  those little orange balls that show while it 'processes' are just annoying to look at over and over . They frequently leave items online that are not available.  The search function sucks. They change the screen often, I think this is unintentional and that a 'tech' is mucking with the site not knowing the effect!  Sometimes you don't know if the discount has been taken because the screen will show the REGULAR price in the Item Discount Column and the discount total in the ITEM PRICE column... what in the world!!!  I removed an item because I didn't think it took the discount... (wait, wait, wait, wait, -orange balls.... uggh!) ABSOLUTLEY maddening. Sometimes it has two carts going at one time, even when you're logged on to your acct.  Really?   During Xmas, I shopped for 2.5 hrs for gifts and then lost EVERYTHING in my cart due to online site problems, which they show as, 'we're very busy'... I would've believed it except I had many other terrible experiences with the site. When I called the order in, how about the phone worker advises me to shop earlier!  OMG! Rather than reacting to this idiocy, I stayed silent so that she might reflect on the stupidity of her comment.   (Thank goodness that this person is rare when you call). The site often shows items online that aren't available and you don't know it until you have to empty 5 things from your cart which takes more than 1.5 minute each time!  Arrrgghhh! I LOVE L&T shopping, especially the Outlet... but the website is totally frustrating!  SO MANY GLITCHES. L&T, I beg you, DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS.
cosmetics department - such an awful experience! I went there to buy a gift for a dear friend of mine. She loves Estee Lauder, so that was kind of my goal, but I also like to browse, may be pick up a perfume for my mom... something fun for myself. whenever I paused by ANY counter, the saleswomen basically accosted me. "do you need help" - "No" - "Look, i have this new men's cologne, let me spray for you" - she actually SPRAYED IT DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF ME!!! I moved to the next counter - the same deal. They didn't let me even look at the stuff, they were costantly demanding my attention, trying to sell me cream, and lotion... I started moving towards the exit, and paused again at a counter close to the exit. Same story. The girl descended on me with "Have you seen our new body cream?" I finally lost my cool, and told her to please stand back! She said "I am sorry I made you feel uncomfortable... I know I am being pushy but THEY MAKE US DO IT". I felt very bad for being rude to her, so I apologized... And left the store without making a purchase!!!
I love this department store!! I have been coming here for years. It's always, clean, well-organized, plus customer service friendly.  If I have a question or need help there is always someone available to help me without  When they do have big sales it's always organized and under control.  All the clothes are on the rack and not on the floor.  I never feel overwhelmed or stressed when I am shopping here, plus they offer fantastic sales.   I drop in here whenever I can.
Still have wonderful discounts and a good selection of women's clothes.
I'm not a fan of huge department stores because I hate shopping in crowds. However, Lord and Taylor's shoe department makes up for the overcrowded circus during their sale season. The shoe section is a madhouse! Women, men, babies, shoes... everywhere!  I do like their computerized system of scanning the shoe that you want  and checking for the size on their handheld before going back into the stockroom and looking for it.  However, having to fight for a seat to try on a pair of shoes is ridiculous.   I ended up with two pairs of shoes for a fantastic price, so Lord and Taylor is back in my good graces.... for now.
Never really a fan if shopping women's apparel or accessories here. Annoying to navigate small floor layouts and can never really find what I'm looking for. Def a better option for men. Their floors are more clear cut and well laid out.
I love L&T's shoe department because of their: - massive selection - openness and organization of the space - cleanliness - ample supply of seats - attentive staff - discounts/ coupons - easy return process I could definitely do without the staff being so blatantly obvious about fact that they work on commission. It's to the point where they make customers feel uncomfortable and stupid. They are VERY territorial over their customers and will cut you if you try to get more than one person to help you. As for the clothes, as far as affordable retail shops go L&T has nowhere near as fine a selection as Bloomies. But if you need something casual, this place gets the job done. And always ask for a coupon! I never buy anything from here without one.
I'm slowly starting to enjoy shopping here. Although the cashiers are sometimes a little curt, I find myself shopping until closing during the weekdays. Something about the smell of new clothes I suppose. I also think that I've become much more conservative through the years and I'm glad that I can find clothes that match my conservative sense (more like comfortable but still stylish).
Lord & Taylor is a nice store indeed. What I really appreciate is that they sell SEE'S CANDIES here. I've been a long time fan of their chocolates. Their Butterscotch Lollypop was the first thing I ever tried from their company and have been hooked ever since. It was a sweet surprise when we received a gift box filled with their chocolates for Christmas. They are slightly sweet, creamy, smooth and filled with quality nuts, caramel, etc. Sees is a wonderful gift idea for anyone who enjoys chocolates.
This is a step up from Macy's; there's something for everyone. I have shopped here four times in the pass year. You rather go to Sephora for the make-up. I don't know where are the fashion rings on the jewelry floor - didn't see any. The second or third floor I think is for misses and juniors - don't remember. The fourth floor has a huge sale section for women's and the sixth floor is for plus sizes. I feel as if everyone goes to those two floors. I get something every time. It's well-worth it when they send you 20-30% off coupons for regular and sale stuff.
I love the fact that it's not as touristy (if at all) as Macys and you don't see HORDES of tourists going in and out of this department store and I hope it stays like that. If Macy's is for tourists, Lord & Taylor is a department store for the locals living in the Midtown West/East area. Plenty of space, not crowded, helpful staff that don't pressure you to buy something, and pretty decent selection of clothing that are well organized. I figured I'm definitely not a department store person. Sure, they are "nice" but why the HELL would you go to a department store when you're steps away from the 5th Avenue Retail therapy zone with both casual and high end clothing stores lining the streets to the left and right or the 34th Street Herald Square shopping arcade? I think the only reason I'll return here in the near future is to use the restrooms when I'm in the area and need to "go" lol
i would give them negative stars if it's possible. i stopped in to make a return yesterday, the sales associate who "helped" me had a nasty attitude.  she tossed the receipts and pen at me for no reason, and during the whole process, not even a smile or a greeting.  ugh.  there are much better department stores in the area (helloooooooo saks!) and i'd rather take my business elsewhere.  lesson learned.
I prefer this L&T hands down over Macy's and Bloomies.  Not quite as many deals as you might find at Macy's but it is worth it to avoid the chaos that surrounds the Macy's experience from the moment you are within a block of the store. I particularly enjoy the selections in the women's department and always find what I need in the housewares department and the shoe department.   The elevators are not particularly quick but they are conveniently located.  The bathrooms are generally well kept.  Even on sale days and holiday season I have found this store to be well organized and neat. For the computer geeks, this store is across the street from my favorite cable Mecca - Datavision Computer Video store. [On the 10th Day of Christmas my true love gave to me... 10 Lords a Leaping December 2012 Yelp Challenge - Day 10]
For in-store purchases, I have been happy. Very good CS and the beauty dept is well-lit. For online shopping - WOW - this is the WORST shopping website that I have ever, ever come across. It is super slow and the search bar doesn't work. Nothing is intuitive here and you really have to have patience and know what you are looking for when you shop, because you'll never want to browse for the sake of browsing. It is a super-frustrating experience and I let them know it. I cannot understand how a major retailer has such a truly horrible site. Honestly, they should be embarrassed.
Lord and Taylor strikes a nice balance between the crazed desperation of the giant Macy's and the general feeling that I'm too poor to be there that some of the higher end stores exude. Good selection of men's clothing as well, however, it skews a little bit older sometimes. The associates are very helpful, and don't be afraid to ask if they have more in stock if you don't find the size you want out on the floor. The store brand, Black and Brown, is one of the best kept secrets of the store. It's great clothes and usually on sale or just generally cheaper than the designers around it. I highly suggest checking it out.
This place has the worst cusomer service I have experienced in awhile. No one responds to emails, their pretend online chat spins and spins and never connects and I held for 30 minutes two days in a row on the phone and never spoke to anyone. You really suck Lord and Taylor I hope you go under but not before I get my package.
It's all about the Eastern European ladies here.  Seriously. I used to work only a couple of blocks away from Lord & Taylor's and have dropped way too many dollars over the course of six years, eyeing one beautiful cocktail ring after another.  I decided to "meander" in on the way to a meeting while I was in town and just reacquaint myself with their jewelry selection. This is where the Eastern European ladies behind the counter come in.  They don't cajole, they don't flatter.  They smile knowingly and say: "You like the ring, eh.  It's very pretty, a young girl like you (okay, okay, I know I still look like a kid).  Here, let me take it out of the case, and you  try it on." Nobody can hook me in like those old ladies.  Forget the young beautiful things selling makeup at Bloomingdales, the elegantly dressed men spritzing perfume at Saks Fifth Avenue...those old ladies of Lord & Taylor.  The perfect salesperson isn't the one with the honeyed tongue, it's the one with the grandmotherly demeanor.
Sorry, Bloomie's. I'm still entirely loyal to you, but there's one thing that only Lord & Taylor has that you and all other department stores in Manhattan don't. It's SEE'S CANDIES. Lord & Taylors carry the beloved See's assorted chocolates, truffles, nuts and chews, peanut brittles and lollipops that aren't exceptionally gourmet or exclusive (and not even fresh as the ones here have all been pre-boxed and presumably shipped from California), but they're my uber favorite sweets since childhood. We always have a box of See's somewhere in the kitchen. The first-floor cosmetic department is beautiful, too. In my opinion, the best among all others in the city in terms of the layout, customer service, inventory... The other floors are worth strolling around as well, though for serious shopping, Bloomie's more fun.
I will start off with the positive....great shoe sales.  Other than that, whatever.  People have GOT to get over themselves. I had to get a shirt for my husband, who is so not a "suit".  We were going to a party.  A friend of mine told me to go to L&T to get the "no iron" shirts.  We live nearby, so I figured it was a good idea.  So, I go in, the first floor is mobbed.  I walk over to the escalator and see that the men's floor is at the very top.  So I go up.  As I go up to each level, I see that it's completely empty....which can be nice in a dept. store. Well, I get up there and was immediately overcome with this sense of "how did you get in here?"  It's as if there was a secret handshake I should've known.  I went over to a salesman and asked him about the shirts, and I swear to you he said this: "You should be on the first floor."  Now, to be fair, I did ask where to find this particular shirt, and that's where it was.  But as he said it, he did this thing to his face.  Like, ya' know....twisted it.  I kind of just gave him a knowing smirk and continued to walk around the floor, just to piss him off. Guess I forgot to wear my Prada flats.  Oh wait, I forgot to BUY my Prada flats. The first floor is fun, tourist-y wise.  They have cute shopping bags, so buy something just for those.  The shoes are great.  Everything else, you can get it in Macy's and without the attitude.  Ok, Macy's can be nuts, but just don't go to the one on 34th St.
I'm too young to really remember B.Altman, but this musta been what it was like; professional service with a smile. Organized and well-stocked shoe section? Check. Crowd-free, even during prime shopping times? Check. Nice cashiers who will give you 20% off coupons if you didn't bring yours? Check. Great men's floor with tall sizes? Check. Multiple clean and easy to locate potties? Check A large floor purely devoted to black-tie event dresses? Check. Leather chairs to rest your weary ass after shopping all day? Check. Yummy cafe for 'ladies who lunch'? Check. My unyielding patronage? Check. Macy's - Step ya game up!
This place rules.  Everyone thinks it's for old people, so they never go there.  Makes for a much nicer shopping experience. There's still an old-person section in the back, but their men's department is awesome.  Lots of great designers, and awesome sales. The biggest problem with L&T is their elevators.  They make me nauseous.
One of my favorite places to shop. I almost always find exactly what I am looking for, and their sales are usually unbeatable. I happen to like this location, especially in the evenings, as it's not too crowded and you can really shop in peace. Beware of the endless amount of floors, though (I think there are 9... still not as many as Macys). Their Context & Identity lines used to really impress me but lately they've been kind of drab. I usually go there for the shoes, accessories, lingerie, and outerwear buys. Very pleasant shopping experience, fun for the whole family.
I was recently reminded this week of how wonderful the shopping experience can be at Lord and Taylors. sigh..I don't work anywhere near L&T anymore... somewhere my wardrobe and shoe closet just screamed. I did my entire Christmas shopping in one shot here one year.  It was a feat I have since then not been able to accomplish anywhere else.   -The staff is great at their jobs, no attitudes whatsoever and willing to find that size for you.   -The brands here are the same or similar to what you would find at Bloomies.   -Virtually no crowds, except when there's a shoe sale. Talking about shoe sales, they are a diamond in the rough when they happen.. so keep your eyes peeled and make a beeline here if you're ever looking for those perfect boots.  Too bad cause I bought them here last season.
Lord & Taylor is the best department store in the city. Located a short hop from Bryant Square Park  and a nice walk from the 5th/Rockefeller center madness, L&T is what department stores used to be- departmental with each floors having it's own vibe and targeting a different customer. Want plus size fashions? Head to the 10th floor. Want high designers like Donna Karan and Ralph Lauren blue label, head to the third floor. Speaking of designers, for some reason a majority of the shopping public think of L&T as the store for little old grannies. Now, that may be true... if granny rocks True Religion jeans and Vivienne Tam tops. Lord & Taylor has a great deal of fashion, although not as much as a place like Bergdorf Goodman. But unlike at Bergdorf, you can shop at Lord &Taylor and have enough cash to pay rent P.S.  the store offers free coupons, available online,  for everyone to use , even those of us without a L&T credit card.
Macy's has some competition in the city, thanks to Lord & Taylor. There are plenty of floors with a variety of clothing, shoes, accessories, fragrances, etc, to choose from. I love me some Ralph Lauren as well as Lacoste, and their prices are usually below retail. Asscoiates are pretty helpful as well. I don't think the website does the store justice, as there are a lot more selections and more to see if you come to the store. Please consider the fact that I've only been here 2-3 times as you read my review, but so far, no complaints.
I still continue to drop in when I'm in the Big Apple. As of late, I'm on a make-up kick so checked out the Bobbi Brown counter. Also, checked out the women's clothing on the third floor and picked up some cute DKNY shirts - go check out some of their sales.
I don't care for this store.  It has an outdated feel to it and is really nothing special.  I am surprised they stay in business.   I prefer Saks, Bloomingdale's, or Neiman Marcus.
L&T is THE place to go for three things: 1) SHOES. If you like shoes, go to the second floor and you will be a VERY happy lady. Great selection and price range; also very good about stocking most sizes. They almost always have a couple sales racks towards the back of the wall that offer good value for the brands. If you're buying full-price, you have great options: lots of Kate Spade, Coach, Ralph Lauren, Suart Weizman, etc.  They also have the handheld scanners, so the staff just scan what model and size you want. Since they're not running around with 100 boxes up and down stairs, it makes the whole process quite calm. Small side note: There is a well-stocked Payless Shoes across the street from L&T. Might want to go there before you hit the shoe section at L&T just to see if there are any comparable styles. I bought a cheap pair of booties at Payless and then hopped over to L&T to buy a quality pair of real pumps I'll have for awhile. Just a heads up! 2) COATS. I needed a good winter jacket. I asked my parents where I should go and my folks said L&T was kind of 'known' for their winter apparel.  Strange... but true! I got TWO great Ellen Tracy coats (one with a fur hood) for ~150 each. Lots of styles here too - from trench to puffer coat to full-length furs. I've had my coats for two full winters and both have served me well. 3) DRESSES. Oh, the dresses here. I love them so much. They have work dresses, party dresses, fancy dresses, discount dresses, you name it. If you're looking for a good dress, start at L&T, then hit up Bloomies, Olive & Bettes, Purdy Gurl, etc if you haven't found what you want (although this is unlikely). They have great stuff for work from Calvin Klein to Ann Taylor to Tahari to Michael Kors.... Their party dresses are on a separate floor but they carry great brands - from Trina Turk to BCBG to Milly. LOVE it. Know before you go: Check the website, download and print any coupons that are good-instore. If you go at the right time you can get a serious discount, even without a L&T Credit Card!
While I do like to shop Lord and Taylor Store, my continued experience of shopping with them online is horrible. I will say 3 out of 5 times, I put items in my shopping cart go through the purchasing steps and get a confirmation.  Thennnnnn a day later I get an email, "Sorry we are out of inventory on your item"  REALLY!!!  Why  was I able to purchase it.  Don't they know what they have in inventory!!??? It infuriates me to the point that I don't even want to shop in the store or online.
I find that the sales staff is only friendly and helpful on the first floor -- handbags, jewelry, accessories, etc.  I asked for help from two different ladies on two different floors and I got the "why are interrupting my conversation with my colleague?" look.  I was pretty close to telling one girl it wouldn't kill her to smile.  I'll take my business elsewhere. The second star is for the helpful staff on the first floor; otherwise, it would be 1.
I had a much better visit thanks to a quick trip up the elevators to the men's store and then some attentive help from someone named "John."   Even though I was looking through the Memorial weekend sales stuff, he helped me narrow in on best fitting stuff.  And even though their store-branded item would have been more profitable on the day, he thought the lesser priced item looked better.  And I honestly felt the same way - but wasn't saying it just then. I applaud my help for not wanting to pick my pocket.  As such, my pocket will visit again.
Lord and Taylor is so BORING. The store just drains you of energy. Plenty of mediocre clothes with nary a salesperson in sight. Dressing rooms are a mess with discarded clothing. No one monitors dressing rooms or assists customers with bringing new sizes, etc. If you manage to find what you like, you have extraordinary motivation. btw I once had a necklace stolen from dressing room cause I had to go out to get a different size skirt. Beware of unguarded property.
They are getting ridding of the home department. I found this out yesterday when I went to look for some Jonathan Adler items. The store is slowly improving,  I really wish they carried the same designers as Bloomingdales. Even Macy's is stepping up their game.
Earlier this year I got caught in one of those lovely torrential downpours that will literally drown you in the space of five minutes.  Wind, water, craziness.  New Yorkers lost it.  I knew I couldn't brave such a storm, so I ducked into the vestibule of the nearest store - it happened to be Lord & Taylor. The rain did not stop and showed no signs of stopping.  I decided to suck it up and buy an umbrella - I was in a store, after all.   I didn't want a cheap deal that would break after three uses.  I hate wasting money and, in that downpour, it would have lasted 3 minutes.  Feeling doomed to paying a high price, I went to the umbrella section.  the nicest saleswoman told me where to find the sturdy models and suggested I get one from the men's side if I wanted an oversized one.  She pointed out a Totes model that fit all my criteria.  I feared to look at the tab.  Salespeople always suggest the most expensive items, right?  Nope.  It was only $22 and highly recommended by the staff.   I've rarely had such a pleasent experience - I went in looking for something, knew the specifics of what I wanted, was led to that thing, and was not pressured into getting something that cost more than I wanted to spend. A few months later I had to go back because my lovely umbrella had been stolen.  Again, I got a very nice salesperson (a man this time) who not only flirted respectfully with me but even went out of his way to give me a little discount (since the new umbrella was a whole $3 more than my last one - oh gasp). The next time I need an item from a department store I will go here.  Maybe the salespeople in umbrellas are particularly nice, but I suspect it's more widespread than that.  And I'm pretty sure the prices won't make me cry, either.
Lord and Taylor has come a long way in the recent years. This is a great place to find a bargain because there is usually always a sale and a coupon circulating around. This location is huge with multiple floors. I came here during the winter once because they put a coat I had on hold from another store. It's so easy to get lost in their sale racks -- everything is organized and you're bound to get a few more bucks off than the ticketed price. Be careful with your wallet. While Lord and Taylor is not upscale on the level of Saks, Barney's or Neiman Marcus, it is certainly trying to attain a higher level than say Macy's. Over the years, they've begun to stock bigger brands like Kate Spade, Coach, Marc Jacobs, BCBG, Hudson, ABS, and so on. Though, it may seem over whelming at times because of its huge size and high traffic, it's always worht checking out and scoring a bargain.
I really miss Lord & Taylor.  Both locations in Houston, TX closed many many years ago.  Glad I could return to one of my favorite department stores in NYC.  The building itself is beautiful.  I love how they play the national anthem before the store opens in the morning.  Makes you very patriotic to shop and help the economy. My favorite things about this store: -  great jewelry department (lots of nice fashion brands) -  floor 2 is a shoe lover's paradise -  petite's department  (picked up some nice clothes) Best thing, they handed out $20 coupons for purchases of $40+ to all customers entering the store.  Great deal.  Lord & Taylor is a great place to stop by and do some shopping without being run over, ahem Macy's.
This is a fantastic NYC Department Store for men.  While our floor is once again relegated to the farthest reaches from the entrance, once you manage to make it up 10 stories of escalators, you will discover a great shopping experience.  Granted, I usually shop here during big sales, but the deals always especially great.  I've gotten Ralph Lauren sweaters for under $40.00, Kenneth Cole shoes for $35.00 and great jeans for less than $40.  Whereas most stores never put mens clothing on sale, apparently under the belief that we love paying full price, Lord and Taylor seems to have tons of stuff on sale at all times.   No, its not Bergdorf or Barneys...but neither are the prices.  Plus, if you're tired of fighting off 500 tourists at Macys, only to discover that sweater you thought you liked is a piece of crap, then you'll enjoy how calm this store is.  In fact, sometimes its so empty, its a little creepy.  On the other hand, I like going somewhere I can focus on the products and not fending off a swarm of excited tourists tearing through a pile of sweaters for $19.99.
If it weren't for receiving a yearly gift certificate at work every Christmas, i wouldn't have come into this store. Ever. I have this preconception, from the looks of it, that its snobby and pricey inside. I was right. None the less, the times i have been coming in to use my certificate i have been received very cordially and warmly by the staff that has helped me. They seem fairly dedicated to provide good service and to find something for you. Even if you cant afford it. The several levels of store are packed with expensive signature outfits and the like. Seasonally they put some knickknacks here and there sold at a discount... these i get if they suit me. Tonight wasn't the exception. I am pleased with the service i have received as well with the environment of this very elegant and comfortable store. I might not spend my own money here but i have been able to comfortably buy using the afore mentioned certificate. Have a good night people. Don't spend all the money in the same place.
I came here looking for a gift for my boss and hovered around the counter.  I noticed one of the sales clerk on the phone and the other texting on her phone so I knew I pretty much was not going to give them my sale. I usually browse their online store and pretty shocked about how some of their items are relatively affordable like the Fur earmuffs are under $100 and I brought my friend here for her first time visit and she ended up buying some Dior glasses for $100. However, based on my attempts to find makeup or gifts here, the sales associates are not the most helpful people around so I would take my money elsewhere.
I think it is a beatiful store but it has a small collection. They have so many good products here, which include- COSMETICS, Shoes, clothing, intimate apparel, and jewlery. They have great sales, they usually arent too messy. I love that designer names aren't always excluded. I got my Calvin Klein coat last yr for 60% off in early December. Last yr L&T gave out $25 coupons for anything. They always have sales on their shoes. Staff is very polite, they offer you coupons even if you didnt bring one, what is to complain about?
One more update: I added another star because of the excellent service from the personal shopping service that's open to ALL (hint, hint). That and the fact that they had a cashmere sale, and I got a couple of nice sweaters for a very nice price. UPDATE: original review below... I went back to Lord & Taylor today with my friend. She was upset with the shabby treatment I had received and we went to return the dress that I had bought for her as a present. We bumped into someone who I thought was a manager; turned out to be a personal shopper. She asked if we were being helped, and I told her my tale of woe, below. She scooped me and my friend up, took us to the personal shopping lounge, and assisted us. My friend ended up with THREE nice items. And Lord & Taylor ended up with another star from me. And if you go to L+T's looking to shop, call up and make a reservation with Vicky Ioannou first. She's great, and is the only reason why I'd ever go back. Well, that and the fact that their cashmere is the best woolen deal in town. ***ORIGINAL REVIEW*** Lord & Taylor used to be  the kind of place that my Grandmother would feel uncomfortable in - too rich for her blood, she'd say. Today, well, she'd look down  on the store. I went in this past weekend to buy a dress for a friend. I found a nice one. I went to check out. The salesperson took the dress out of my hand, and put it back on the rack. I looked at her, puzzled, and said: "Um, I'd like to BUY that, ok?" She looked confused, then embarrassed. She had pigeonholed me as some non-customer, and had been giving me the bum's rush. This made me feel badly. I looked about as average as average could be, and no different that the tourists thronging about. I still have no idea regarding why she wanted me to leave. I called to complain. A sympathetic person insisted that they'd get right on this. That was two days ago. So much for customer service...
How have I not been in here and had a long thriving relationship with this place by now?? I've worked 2 avenues away from Lord and Taylor's for one year now, and I set foot in this place for the first time two weeks ago. Silly me, I expected to walk out with nothing, but I left with 3 large bags loaded with goodies. Their merchandise is magical. Be forewarned, "I'll just try it on for fun" does not work at this place, you will not be able to put it down! They may not have the largest store around, but there are plenty of designers and labels on their racks. I love love love their BCBG section on the second floor. Other pros: 1. Very friendly and helpful sales people 2. Organized racks 3. Easy to navigate 4. No large crowds I'll be back after my bank account recovers.
I used to love this dept store and felt they had great salespeople but recently had a very bad experience there.. I went to the Lancome counter there to purchase a makeup I needed, which came with a free gift. The sales clerk looked for the shade I asked for and told me they do not have it and she would have to go to the stockroom to get it. I said "Should I come back in a little while", she said "come back in 10 minutes".. I came back in about 20 minutes, she was waiting on a customer and told me she did not get the makeup or check the stockroom.. She could have simply asked another salesperson to get it for me.. So she tells me she would go to the stockroom now, then she tells another salesperson to go get it, the salesperson says "You should call to make sure they have it before you send someone down there" Then she checks at the counter and in 20 seconds says "Its right here" So the makeup I wanted was at the counter the whole time, basically 30 minutes of my time was wasted. She apologized. I paid for the makeup and was given my free gift, She did not give me my receipt. I am really shocked at Lord and Taylor. I will not be shopping at the cosmetic counters there.. This is actually the first time in my life I was not given a receipt for a purchase I made and I know it was intentional. I also do not believe she could not find the shade to begin with, seems to me like she wanted to get rid of me for some reason.
Last Saturday evening, SL and I took a stroll through this department store.  It's located in Midtown Manhattan and a decent place to shop... Random thoughts: 1.  relaxed shopping as it's not chaotic 2.  conservative labels sold 3.  restrooms available They deserve 4 stars for the restroom availability alone as finding somewhere to go is extremely difficult in Midtown~!
2nd floor has some really good sales racks...but some of the sales associates here need some sort of customer service training because either they're really mad to be working the retail circuit (it's not fun, I've been there - but smile and be nice because it pays your bills), mad they probably can't afford most of the stuff here or they have some sort of condition that makes them stare at you as you browse. It's near my job so I'll pop in here should I have an emergency or insanely strong reason to, but I thank my stars for better shopping alternatives in the area.
Love this place! Service is great and they r always ready to help! Frankie at the ladies floor "7" has great costumer service experience ... Help mom choose the right coat she want it! Men's department is a plus... No need to go nowhere else... Got mostly what I need here!
While Macy's sales continually stagger with the cheaper brands and quality in recent years, Lord & Taylor is the new face of the next best mid-end department store. Let's face it: Macy's is only popular because of its impressive displays and shows and it is the "World's Largest Department Store". Lord & Taylor, on the other hand, is at the heart of the luxurious 5th Avenue and surrounded by no exciting shopping areas. Lord & Taylor might actually have a chance to become the next already oversaturated Bloomingdales, if already not. Let's hope not. Lord & Taylor has a less compressed crowd, more friendly staff (and I do mean it when I say it), a mix of mid-end and high-end products and classy displays. I am always looking forward to going to their beauty and fragrance counters because their staff is knowledgeable and toss in generous extras - even if you don't buy anything. Their wrapping always makes me feel valuable, even with $10 sale clothing. Who says you need to shop at high-end boutiques to feel special? I get my special treatment at Lord & Taylor! I do dislike their shoe salon though, as I do with all department store salons. They're always like zoos with women overly obsessed with their pairs (of shoes). Because it is like a zoo, staff is usually very slow. I'd avoid it.
I've always loved Lord & Taylor on 5th avenue for their sales - they're practically giving clothes away every seasonal sale.  Shoes are a bargain, and despite the heavy foot traffic, it's pretty organized and stuff is easy to find. I was inspired to post because of a nice customer service experience I had today.  I walked into the store to browse, and was wearing a watch that was a few links too big for me, so I figured I'd try to get it fixed.  The guy at the counter was so friendly - took extra links out for me, set the date and time correctly, and cleaned it on the spot.  Without asking if I'd purchased the watch at L&T or anything.  I thought that was above & beyond the call of duty, and really appreciated it!
I usually don't come in here because I normally can't afford it. After looking in Macy's and K-mart, I came here looking for earrings for my niece's 13th birthday.   I didn't want costume jewelry but real gold or silver.  Apparently, my niece is very particular about the types of earrings she wears, at least when it comes to shape. She doesn't like hoops or plain studs- she likes dangling earrings. I was looking at the display case at both the gold and silver. They have a wide selection of hoop earrings if you wanted that.  They also have a wide selection of gold with cubic zirconia stones- i didn't want to buy those even if they were dangling earrings. I settled on some nice sterling silver teardrop earrings.  The cashier asked me if I was happy with it when she took it out of the case. I was satisfied so she didn't have to get me any more.   I knew they were having a sale of some sort. Apparently the earrings were 50% off plus an additional discount of 25% off the discounted price so it was 32.00 for earring that originally priced at $80.  The cashier asked if I would like a gift receipt before she rang me and I answered affirmatively.
I definitely prefer this store over Macy's. Macy's is a massive tourist trap and although they have plenty of sales, even to native New Yorkers the store can be quite overwhelming. So due to my mother's constant endorsements, I decided to try it out. I'm not prone to listening to a 51 year old for fashion advice but I went out on a limb. There are just as many floors here, just like in Macy's but it seems more organized and less chaotic. I was here on a sunny Saturday afternoon and it wasn't crowded nor were there any clothes thrown all over the floor. Also, this store is ALWAYS having sales even in the designer clothes department. Which is a definite plus. Big department stores tend to annoy me just for the sheer fact, that it's like a damn jungle but Lord & Taylor won me over with its cleanliness and its non panic attack inducing layout.
Review is for the .com "location."  Do not patronize this store. Got an upgrade to 2-day shipping on the 20th of December.  Still waiting for the gift.  Christmas eve celebration ruined. #Lord&TaylorFail #NoChristmasForMe
I always seem to have great luck here. I find shoes on sale, jeans that fit,  and sunglasses that are actually in my price range. The store is neater than Macy's and presented as slightly more upscale. The only negative I can mention is some irritating sales-help behavior. The shoe department is commission driven and the employees try to poach each others customers. It is a very unattractive practice if you get caught in the middle. Fortunately, the staff usually ignore me and will instead lock onto women who are lugging coach bags.
Somehow, every time I go into NYC's Lord & Taylor, I'm still shocked by the abhorrent service. Sales people there are generally too busy gossiping or daydreaming to help anyone. I've had sales people watch me pointedly, as if daring me to make a request, instead of offering to help me check out or find a dressing room, which can make it very difficult to try on clothes when all the doors in the fitting room are shut and/or locked. I've even had sales people unable to tell me how much an item costs, instead asking me if I'm okay with them generalizing an amount to pay (which is horrifying). I've also stood at a checkout desk for upwards of ten minutes waiting for someone to show up when I can't find anyone on the floor to facilitate my purchase. Worse, I've stood waiting in line at a checkout desk while the sales people gossip with each other right in front of me rather than checking me out. Today when this happened, I pointedly hung the dress I wanted to buy on a rack where it didn't belong and left them to deal with it. Which brings us to the bright side: the terrible service is a great deterrent to actually buying anything. By the time a competent sales person shows up, I've generally rethought my purchase and opted out. I wonder how much money Lord & Taylor loses that way...
Its not as nice as Bloomys but its cheaper than Bloomys. Its not as crowded as Macy's (I feel as if I'm in a war zone in Macy's), good thing the tourists haven't found this department store. I was surprised with the amount of sales they have, I will have to dedicate one whole afternoon one day to come here and browse slowly. The first floor is cosmetics, and handbags. I also go to see CC Sabathia here too!! He was here to promote the NY Yankees fragrance. The shoe section here is not bad. They also have clothes that are very reasonably priced, think BCBG skirts for $40, and dresses for below $100. They also have slightly higher end clothing. The toilets were not nice at all. They looked slightly run down. Please fix it. Thanks.
One thing I hate about L&T is the waiting game. Waited 20 minutes for someone to help me out at the jewelry section and there was nobody. I walked around and let a lady know I've been waiting but she was with a customer who has indecisive about buying a watch. Couldn't wait any longer so I just walked out. They need more employe's!
You know, given the location and their history, I just cannot understand how they continue to be so super un-hip... I mean, come on, you are on Fifth Avenue, right in the middle of it all. You step into the store, and you are back in the 1970s--not even the 1980s, with dated decor, dated/cheap/nondescript selections, old, dingy building that needs some good scrubbing, and sales people who'd rather be taking a nap. I am not sure what some people here have been smoking to even suggest that this store is in Bloomies' league--but, like any good New Yorker, I know my Bloomies, and L&T is NO BLOOMIES in ANY stretch of imagination.
I have always had the best luck shopping at Lord and Taylor's. I get the most beautiful clothes for the best prices here. The employees really have the best attitudes of people working in NYC. They are way better than Macy's nasty and lazy employees, and not as snooty as Louis Vuitton's. A nice in-between.
I am a big fan of the merchandise at Lord and Taylor. When I go, I usually buy a lot of stuff because I don't like to shop much so I get it over with all at once. It usually takes awhile to find someone to help you, although most times I've been, the salespeople outnumber the customers.  However, once you do find someone, they are very helpful.  I get a lot of people asking me if I want to check out (if I have merchandise in my hands) but only a few ever ask if they can help me find something, which is what I really need help with.   That's probably my biggest problem with the store...I like the clothes but I can't find my size.  Shopping in the regular size area, most of the pants are between 36-42 waist.   Trying to find a pair of 30 inch waist pants is a struggle, so I do appreciate the people who went to look for them for me.  Maybe I should just start eating poorly and stop exercising so I can fit into the clothes more easily.  *sigh* It's not easy having a super-fit body. Anyway, the merchandise is great, the store is clean, it's usually not too crowded and if you ask for help, you'll get it.  What's not to like?  This is the only department store I go to.
I wrote to Lord & Taylor on Jan 12th and received an automated message that someone will contact me within 3 business days. It is now January 25th and I've heard nothing.
Lord and Taylor would give away its first-born child, or at least give it to you for 40% off and an additional 20% off during Friends and Family discount time. If you are willing to wait it out until a sale, you can definitely get some amazing bargains. Sales people are always attentive and helpful (apart from the completely disorganized shoe department) and will let you pre-purchase for sales up to a week in advanced! Beware of doing this in the shoe department who lost the shoes I purchased in advanced... Lord and Taylor is much less crowded than Bloomingdales and has much more of a selection and sizes on the floor. While the shoe department and denim sections are lacking in excitement and selection, I always do well in the dress, coat, and handbag departments.
I ordered a scarf online and was charged twice for it. I called customer service who could not care less and didn't care about me as a customer one iota. You hunk when you give someone your business, they would be appreciatitive and would help you out or at least try when you have a problem. Not Lord and Taylor! It seems they go out of their way to disrespect and mistreat paying customers. Never again will I shop here.
Lord & Taylor has a very good selection of quality clothes. The people that work there are helpful. The place is never a zoo. FYI - they don't have household goods.
Horrible online experience!!! They guarantee my order will arrive by Christmas on December 15.  I order multiple items and on December 20 I received an e-mail stating that my items that are STILL on the website as in stock are unavailable.  The customer service claims they are physically calling 70 stores to find one of the items, so even though I've been charged for all items (even though it says they will not charge them) I cannot cancel the last item and must wait 1-2 weeks to be reimbursed for the items that I will not be receiving.  I guess I won't be receiving anything for Christmas, Thanks Lord & Taylor.
Best part:  Shoe section.  My sister has gotten 3 pairs of blacks flats for under $60 in the past month.  I got a pair of coach flats today for only $60.  They always give you the coupon in the store (which is too often not the case at other stores) and they tend to have good sales.   Dress section is nice also, very reasonable sale section.  Designer dresses for $75 and under.  I shop at discount stores regularly and when they have their sales, they rival the prices at discount shops.   Cosmetics is a little messy.  Nobody was friendly or very nice when we bought some eyeliner (with free gift).  They seemed overwhelmed and concerned with their commission.  Will go back, especially for sales!
This is a review for the Shiseido counter.  I've been to several Shiseido counters and many that don't even have someone staffed/care that someone is lingering around and is thinking about buying a product. I bought an eyebrow powder, dark circle remover, and foundation from here.  The makeup consultant/salesperson was very helpful for someone who desperately needed a good fix-me-up from the being in the Chicago for 3 days.  My skin was chapped, my lips were chapped, etc.  She was a bit pushy on on buying the items (something along the lines of "If you're thinking about buying it, you'll buy it eventually").  She did give me lil application tools for the time being and she did my makeup for the day (yay!).  I forgot her name, but she did ask me for my contact information so that they will keep in touch/give me a free facial, too; unfortunately, I live 3000+ miles away!  Will definitely come back again if I'm in NYC.
I was here for an event with my bar association yesterday evening.  The staff were extremely friendly and really made the event fun for me.  I also saw more affordable items and sales this year than when I went to this particular event last year. The sales person who helped me in lingerie as well as the make-up artist who gave me a complimentary makeover deserve special recognition for their customer service.  I even managed to find a nice dress that didn't cost a fortune. Overall, a pleasant experience and if I could afford more of their items, I'd shop here often.
I am an avid fan of Lord & Taylor.  Out of all the major department stores (Macy's, Bloomingdale's, etc.) L&T is the only one that consistently offers discounts in the form of shopping passes (20%-25%) for literally no reason.  Macy's and Bloomingdale's you have the usual Friends and Family twice a year, but Lord & Taylor... I feel like it's (almost) always Friends and Family. They have a really impressive stockroom here.  I love the handbag section, and they even carry one of my favorite brands, Radley London, a UK based brand that features the adorable scottie dog.  L&T also has popular brands like Juicy Couture, Kate Spade, Calvin Klein, Michael Kors, Cole Haan, Coach, Dooney and Bourke, etc.  And there's usually a decent amount of items 25% off and an even more impressive stash of items 25%-40% off, always by the sunglasses section. Their winter accessories are really awesome.  I bought their rabbit fur earmuffs here, and with all discounts it came out to be around $25.  They have an impressive collection of gloves, scarves, and cute hats (lots of Ugg items too) Their clothes sections give even the savviest shopper a run for his/her money.  [Namely her, since I don't know what the men's floor is like]  You have one floor with the super expensive stuff (think Ralph Lauren collection, Calvin Klein Collection, Eileen Fisher, etc.) but the other floors are, in my opinion, "affordable" - especially the more casual lines.  L&T is known for featuring a lot of cool brands like BCBG Maxazria (these almost never let people use the savings pass), Cynthia Steffe, Love Moschino, Trina Turk, etc.  Don't think you can afford any of these?  Everytime I go to L&T I always see tons of sales racks (usually around 40%) - and with the savings pass, the prices are a little more affordable.  If you are the type to dig around to find a decently priced item, L&T has so many clothes racks for you. The shoe section is very large and it can be hectic.  The salespeople have always been super nice - they try to remember your name and hunt you down to give you your shoes when you give them the shoe and the size.  There are some good brands here (sorry I may seem like a brand lover but sometimes people just like certain brands) - Frye, Hunter, Calvin Klein, Coach, Cole Haan, Jessica Simpson, to name a few.   There are also restrooms galore here.  And a whole floor dedicated to lingerie and hosiery.   One thing I don't like about L&T is their store credit card: I don't see any benefits from this card, besides the initial 10-15% discount you get.  You don't get points or anything towards purchases, so why bother? Anyway, L&T, I love you so.
Recent visit on a holiday Easter 2012 weekend with a party of two.  Courteous and professional customer service who are able to hone their hospitality, and sprightly eager to assist patrons in their shopping purchases.  The petite department is well stocked albeit, clothing fits the faces of a historical relic FOSSILS unearth to the 2012 surface.  I am utterly surprised to find fossil clothing dated 1980s era appearance.  Yet, this Lord & Taylor's NY Fifth Avenue flag ship store is well stocked and organized without overpowering with clutter of merchandise.   It has been years since I've shopped here but there are a few gems found to entice my interest for a modern and alluring 2012 young lady and the woman who requested me to tag along.
I am loving the Lord & Taylor! What a lovely store. Beautifully laid out and easily accessible with a stroller. The women's dress department is great. They have a wonderful selection and the staff is very helpful. The children's department is also very nice, but the clothes are a bit more than I like to spend on clothes that will last less than 6 months. The cosmetics/accessories department is great. Huge selection and more than enough staff to help you. The prices at Lord & Taylor are for the most part reasonable. Will definitely  be coming back now that I got the L&T credit card!
I have been shopping here for years, and have always gotten great customer service from the staff here. Never dealt with one employee with a lousy attitude. They are infinitely better than the staff at other department stores in the city. PS - if there is a coupon sale going on (usually 15 or 20% off your purchase) and you don't have a coupon, they will scan the one they have at the register without you even asking.
Although at times they can be pricey, always check out their website for coupons -- which during sale time can be extra good! $350 dress for $35? Yep deals do happen. I do wish they would add some more fashion forward looks to their men's department.
Lord & Taylor, You are so classy. I love going into Lord & Taylor. I tend to find something cute. I need to go in blindfolded. I love how it's not so busy and crowded like Macy's or Bloomys. I'm sure it gets pretty jam packed during the season, but it's usually manageable. I love their bright lighting. The sale associates have been friendly thus far and I will continue frequenting L&T.
Growing up, the Lord and Taylor's near my house was crap-tastic. It was full of out of fashion clothing and overpriced stuff. In NYC, well, it's still overpriced. But there are some cute things here if you're into that kind of shopping. You know, the "I must have it no matter the cost!" Things are neatly laid out, easy to find and the salespeople are helpful enough. There are places to rest your weary bones and admire some bitchin shoes.
For general shopping, this Lord & Taylor is a solid 3 stars. Large, not too busy, helpful staff, decent selection. The only real reason to go out of your way to come here is the shoe section. I haven't found a better one anywhere, and I've been shoe shopping since I could barely walk. A few weeks ago I was on the hunt for wedding shoes. There were two pairs I saw online that I liked, but I had to see them in person. Even though they didn't have them online, I headed over and lo and behold-- they had BOTH PAIRS in my size! And on sale-- does it get better than that? They have a fancy high-tech computer scanning system so when you see shoes you like, they ask your name and size and scan them in. Then, magically (kinda), your shoes appear in a few minutes. My salesperson was very nice and patient with me even though I think she was trying to take a lunch break. I tried on one pair, then the other, then one of each, and I couldn't decide. She finally told me to just buy both and decide later-- they have a 90 day return policy. I knew she was right and I just bought both. As it turns out, my total came in under $200 for two pairs of shoes (which each retailed for $200) including tax. I did a quick walk-through of the rest of the store and didn't see anything else particularly interesting, but I wholeheartedly recommend this L&T for great selection and prices on cute shoes. For everything else, they're still better than Macy's in Herald Square.
I really dislike department stores, however, L&T does have weekly coupons and pretty good sales. Also, they avoid that cluttered cheap feel you get at Macy's. If you hit it at the right time you can get good deals on handbags, and possibly shoes. I feel like the selection of shoes is not super great...they are mostly over-priced middle of the road brands. Customer service is really good, even when they are super busy a bunch of associates will approach you to see if you need help.
I decided to update my review of Lord & Taylor, especially their men's section since it has all gone down hill. Over the years, the sales staff has become more rude and less helpful. In some cases they try to be helpful, but they seem more clueless now. That, however, is not their biggest problem. The ground floor is likely the nicest section of the store for men, and that's a bit cluttered. The shirts are still decently priced and likely on sale. The slim fits are still hard to find, but at least they are there, unlike pants. The upstairs men's section is a mess. The styles are tremendously outdated, including pants with legs so wide it looks like a small blanket. This is a store for older people who think they are fashionable, but really rather unfortunate. If you are a man who is a little chubby and a bit threatened by style, then you will find something you like here. Their Black & Brown labels may be one of the worse labels I can think of. They for some reason have the worse Ben Sherman and Kenneth Cole clothing that I have ever seen. You won't find Theory, John Varvatos, Paul Smith, Marc Jacobs, Sandro, or Hugo Boss (that doesn't look like their 1990s collection, except for suits). Oh, and don't get me started on their shoe selection. There are some decent finds, but I have been treating L&T like a full-priced thrift shop where I hunt for that one decent item that somehow made it's way into the store. They do have some nice labels, but the sizes will mostly be on the larger size. Apparently, they are renovating their men's section and moving it to the 9th floor. Hopefully, this means that they are coming into the 21st Century. Oh wait, maybe they ARE in the 21st century. Maybe they have embraced the fact that America is kind of chubby.
This place will undoubtedly get tons of hype because of its coveted 5th Avenue location. To be honest, it was OK. There are plenty of other local, independent businesses in Manhattan that I would prefer to patronize. My purpose for visiting this store was pretty narrow. I went in to purchase a watch. I am in love with my watch, in love with the discount that I received, and in love with the additional discount that was provided to me by a friend. However, the service was slow and unfriendly. Merely meh.
I like this department store because the tourists haven't discovered it yet. At least, not most of them. They are all more interested in the Macy's a few blocks away. I like to come here on a weekday; the store is never crowded so it's quiet and easy to browse around. They always have great sales going on. I love their Christmas displays.
I have lived in New York for 21 years, and today was the first time I ever stepped fot in Lord & Taylor. Why do you ask? Probably because i'm never really at that neck of the woods in NYC, but with a freelance gig around the corner and 2 days till Xmas, I ventured in and found the perfect pullover for my dad, a Christian Dior lipstick for mom and a 2 outfits (one fancy/one casual) for my 7yo and ALL of the above for $120!!! I somehow thought that Lord & Taylor was not for my pocket, but I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was very friendly, got directions and information from a security guard!  and on the Friday before Christmas, at 1pm, I didn't have to wait at all for the elevator and with the abundance of open registers, did not have to wait on any lines. Will definitely go back!
Moving here from San Francisco, I was used to my Nordstrom endless shoe floor where I could usually find something I loved. Lord & Taylor does the trick here. I've gone twice and ended up with boots for a decent price both times. SELECTION is key-- they have a ton. I'm afraid to go to Macy's (b/c of the crowds) and guessing Bloomies will be a bit out of my price range, so I like that I can rely on L&T's shoe department. I don't buy clothes from department stores (besides Bloomies sale racks) so can't rate that, but their winter accessory department had some nice chic stuff too. I will be back.
I usually love shopping at Lord & Taylor.. Plenty of sales and selections!  You can spend hours here.  I will note that on my most recent visit yesterday I encountered a rude associate.   Needed to return an online order item that did not fit  and approached an associate to find out which register to go to only to receive a nasty attitude.. She acted as if I was below her because I needed to return something... but then the associate at the counter was super nice.  Moral of the story .... associates are hit or miss... Some are helpful some are just... will refrain from cursing but you get my drift.  When shopping at a large department store customer service can really make or break an experience just saying...
Definitely exceeds Macys (I like L&T because they have a greater selection of brand names that I like).   This place is always neat, clean, with polite staff (well except one bad experience my mom had, but hey we all have rainy days).   Come here during Christmas to look at the displays...actually scratch that, they always have nice looking displays and their lobby is very elegant. One more word:  sales.  The discounts are fair, check back in a week or two and watch how prices fall, or catch them on Tuesdays when they hand out coupons worth 15-20% off!
Lord and Taylor is one of my favorite department stores in the city. Reason being that they have a good mix of affordable and designer clothes and the store is not overly huge and unnavigable like Macys or even Bloomies. Also they always seem to have a sale going on. I usually go there for shoes and dresses. They have a big selection and a wide range of prices and styles. The employees aren't as friendly or helpful like at some of the other more high end department stores but it's usually ok when it's not too crowded.
This one-time uber-prestigious department store that catered to Upper East Side ladies who wore hats and gloves for every occasion no longer carries the cachet it once did, but with retail competition at an all-time high you can't blame them for trying to stay in step with the times. Bargain hunters who never would have dreamed of entering the front door now scan newspapers, mailers, and their website - in itself a sign of the changes wrought by moving into the 21st Century - for coupons to clip and keep so they can save up to forty percent on designated days. Big-name designer duds still fill many of the racks, but there's also a large array of lower-priced, contemporary styles for younger working gals - and guys - who brown-bag it every day. It's no longer on a par with Bergdorf Goodman, but it's still quite a few notches above K-Mart in quality and price. Four stars because I remember what it was when it was worthy of five.
best shopping experience i've had since moving to nyc. the store was clean & extremely organized, the employees were helpful and friendly, and the sales rule. i love the new inventory technique with the shoes - great system! awesome dress selection, and the sale racks are meticulously categorized by size. and to top it all off... a cashier noticed that there was a coupon which applied to my purchase, and she got me one and used it, saving me about $30! yeah! totally rad.
Solid prices on shoes. Specifically Bruno Magli. And unbelievably they had them in size 12! Usually a place with solid prices on shoes, they never have 'em in my size, nor if we're being rational, any human's. Only in say....a size 7EEEEEEEEE. A perfect size. For a penguin.
Seems like a nice enough place to shop at. I didn't notice any snobbery on the part of anyone working there. In fact, I notice the employees to go out of their way to add a smile and be nice to the customer. I admit, I only came here because I work here and got a bunch of discounts applied this week. I don't work on the floor and don't usually shop here, but it was much more pleasant and neater than Macy's.
Fashion night out was a ton of fun! Every floor had something going on; live DJ, free sparkling wine, tequila, or white wine, candy, cigars. There were models in their underwear, photobooths, and free t-shirt designs. There were semi celebrities everywhere as well. Kim Kardashian was there, promoting her fragrance but there were so many people around and a huge line that I didn't want to bother. I don't care enough to wait on line. Anyway I got a free tote bag. I had 3 free drinks, all different. By the time I finished my wine and indulged in jelly beans I was down for the count, but happy.
I love Lord & Taylor because it's upscale like Bloomingdale's but not as much of a mob scene. And of course, it's not  a total train wreck like Macy's.  Plus, they really do send out those 15% off coupons all the time, so I'm always able to find something I want for a bargain.  I got a Michael Stars tunic for $8 on my last visit.
I normally don't like to rate department stores, but L&T deserves one just for it's women's shoe department. I had the luxury of shopping with a kool chick who works there. I had never been there and I had an agenda for what I was looking for. I found everything and more... The women's shoe department was outta control. They have the BEST collection and I was so happy to find my size (5.5). Not only that, but their sales were amazing.. I'm a big fan of Nordstrom's shoe department, but I do believe L&T is a close first. I'm definitely returning soon.
Being ignored in the shoe department for 5 minutes is unacceptable. Won't spend my money here.
Obviously I'm biased, since I work on their website. But they really do have great sales, even without my employee discount! Sign up for their email list and you'll get 15 or 20% coupons every week. Their dress selection on the 2nd floor is fantastic!!
I know it's not exactly hip to shop at department stores, but I love shopping at L&T because of the huge sales and frequent discounts and coupons. You can find edgier "downtownish" labels like Anna Sui  as well as more mainstream fare like Free People, Roxy, French Connection, BCBG, DKNY, etc. Their shoe collection on the 2nd floor is great--whoever is their buyer sure knows how to find the best shoes in the collections. Expect Michael Kors, Steven, DKNY, Betsey Johnson, Via Spiga, Coach, Calvin Klein, etc. Not as crowded or crazy as Bloomies (although not as many "hip" designers) but great for good prices.
Enormous, quality goods, nice sales, and helpful (and unsnooty) salespeople.  Not nearly as crowded and crazy as Macy's, either, albeit slightly more difficult to navigate.
This review only applies to the shoes department--which is excellent, mainly for the reason that the sales staff does not have to run into the stock room to check to see whether something is available in your size. Their inventory management is pretty futuristic as all the employees use an electronic gadget to tell you whether a shoe is in stock. This means for a more efficient and pleasant shopping experience. The shoe department is also clean and not completely chaotic as in Bloomies.
Awesome selection of clothes, shoes and accessories and no shortage of fitting rooms. Need I say more? The girls in the 2nd floor BCBG section are very helpful. Check in on foursquare to get special offers.
After seeing my review the managers assistant called me to apologize for my experience and offer me a credit to try the store again. They did make me whole on what I lost so I'll update to three stars.
Lord & Taylor Circa 2009 is MUCH BETTER than over-rated Bloomies!!! "Lord & Taylor HAS merchandise as fashionable or more so, in every single category!"NARS,UGGS,Cole Haan,Hudson,Joe's Jeans,Bruno Magli,Allen Edmonds,Nicole Miller,Juicy Couture,Laila, Laundry by Shelli Segal,Bobbi Brown,Michael Kors,Ralph Lauren,Calvin Klein,Ted Baker London,Lucky Brand,Marc Jacobs,Betsey Johnson,DKNY Donna Karan,David Meister,Miss Sixty,Max & Cleo & MANY MORE! And the salespeople are very NICE & HELPFUL, in Manhattan!!! Not that phoney hip attitude crap you get at Bloomie's-the store named after some grandmother's pantie's!!! If you want to pay more for the same thing at Bloomie's & get treated like crap,than go right ahead. But you'll be broke faster & stupifiedly stupid.
Very disappointed in Lord & Taylor's customer service.... I ordered a handbag on-line and received what I thought was a confirmation. But after 10 days and not receiving the bag, I called to check on it and was told my order had not been processed because there was something wrong with my billing address. My billing address was correct. Then I was told it was because I didn't use my middle initial - I never use my middle initial.... anyway, the person who helped me on the phone was nice enough, but she told me the bag was no longer available on-line and I could order it from one of their stores. Then... she started giving me the store phone numbers and said I had to call the stores and order it... I was shocked... this is Lord & Taylor, right... So then I ask if they will waive the shipping? Yes, but I would have to call back with the transaction number and they would ask "Management" to consider waiving the shipping. Ok... So, I start calling the stores - no one has it in Kiwi in the style I am looking for... so frustrated because I really wanted that bag. If they had just followed up and let me know there was a problem, I would have resolved it and I would have had my bag by now. It's why I continue to do most of my shopping at Nordstrom, they get it right when it comes to customer service.
Will never go there again. They have a real attitude. Have shopped there for over 30 years and the sales person in Jewlery totally ignored me...was trying to buy a Kate spade necklace and she was very rude...well, there loss...will never buy another thing from them again....well, spent way more at a Jewelry store on 5th avenue...they think they are better than everyone else.
Absolute worst customer service ever.  Don't bother trying to order online or calling the store to ask a question.  Employees are rude and will hang up on you when they don't want to be bothered.
Tak at the Bobbi Brown counter is amazing. She's a tiny, extremely hyper Asian lady who could probably sell you a dirty sock, if she wanted to.  Thankfully she is selling a quality product.  I was in there dress shopping and stopped at the counter. I couldn't help myself.  You know how it is ladies( and some gents). Tak nearly tackled me while i was checking out the new mineral powder. She was so excited and knowledgeable, which rubbed off on me, literally.  She matched my complexion to the powder and expertly applied it to my face.  The powder is amazing. Great coverage, SPF, matte finish, and super light. Tak even gave me a few samples, which never happens at Bloomies.
This review is for Lord and Taylor's online services.  I ordered from L&T many times in the past because they offer free shipping to Hawaii if you meet a purchase minimum.   However, I will no longer be shipping at L&T because of their POOR online and telephone customer service.   I purchased a jacket and top from L&T and received them promptly with no problem.  A day later I noticed the items had been marked down.  I requested a price adjustment via an online chat with R.S., who was very unhelpful and rude.  She terminated the chat conversation after I asked to speak to a supervisor.   I then called customer service on the phone and spoke to W., who was very helpful.  She assured me that I was due a price adjustment of $30, and had even conferred with supervisors as to how to calculate the price adjustment.  She told me that the request would go to the Service Excellence Department and that I would be emailed on the progress of my request.   Five days later, I had not received any communication from L&T, so I called customer service again.  I was told that the request was with Service Excellence. One month later I still had no word from L&T, so I called customer service again.  They told me that the request for a price adjustment was denied because Friends and Family discounts would not be applied.  They also me that W. from customer service was new and did not know what she was doing.  All of this information was in the file. Why does L&T that it is an excuse that their customer service employee was new? The biggest problem is that the customer is left in the dark.  Why didn't anyone from customer service notify me about the status of this request?
My sister wanted to check out dresses here for the bride's maids for her wedding.  She ambled around for like 1/2 hr and wanted to talk with someone about some of her choices.   There was a woman about 20 feet away at a counter the whole time with no other customers in the section.  My sister signaled and then said 'excuse me' in a slightly raised voice but the woman didn't seem to notice.  So she went over to the counter to get the woman's attention.  The woman had an icily neutral expression while my sister asked some questions and pointed to some racks.   So the woman goes over to inspect the garment and stands not speaking totally disengaged.  At that point my sister said out loud to us "this is really pathetic service.  let's go" and we walked out leaving the woman standing there.   It WAS pretty pathetic.  Now we didn't expect white glove treatment like in Korea or Japan where someone basically stalks you waiting to be of help.  But this was over the top.
Came shopping here the other day because I need a dress for an upcoming wedding, and it used to be a great place to go dress shopping for petites. Since the last time i went dress shopping there a couple of years ago, they majorly shrunk their petites dress department. Thankfully I managed to find a dress on the second floor.
The worst department store in my life(... in tokyo, san francisco and new york). worst selection of brands for mens, and also women is not so great.
I really love leisurely shopping at this store. The sales associates aren't uptight, the sales are good and they have quality merchandise.
Don't let the old, traditional image fool you.  The second floor has great contemporary, stylish designers.  The third has the chic, American couturiers.  Coupons to help your shopping are abundant, (see emails, mailers, etc.)  If you can't get your hands on those, the salespeople are more than happy to help you locate one from fellow shoppers.
Lord & Taylor is like Macy's, but without the numerous problems that make Macy's maddening.  I recently bought a Calvin Klein suit there and it was a relatively pleasant experience, and this is from someone who HATES shopping for clothes. 1) LIke Macy's, it has a selection of reasonably priced clothes compared to places like Bloomingdale's.  Unlike Macy's, Lord & Taylor does not carry exclusively "urban" or "balding middle aged insurance salesman" styled clothing. 2) Unlike Macy's, Lord & Taylor does not blast rap music on the men's clothing floor.  In fact, it is refreshingly free of any music at all. 3) While Macy's has about two dressing rooms per floor that always require a long wait, Lord & Taylor actually has enough dressing rooms. 4) Unlike Macy's, where the clerks are either ignorant of your question or ignore you, the people who work at Lord & Taylor seem to pay attention to you and are able to help you with the merchandise. 5) Lord & Taylor is less crowded and you don't constantly bump into people as you shop.
Usually I'm a local small business shopper and avoid large dept stores because of the crowds and such but I have to say II really enjoy shopping here over the other major department stories in the city.  This is my go to place when I need a ballgown or little cocktail dress for a special occassion. I also like their selection of casual wear as well.  easy to navigate around the floors and racks of clothing and the staff has always been warm and very helpful.  They don't have as many sales and promotions as the other 2 dept stores close by, but when they do have a sale, it's still pretty decent.  They also have a great jewelry showcase area on the first floor.
I originally went into Lord and Taylor because I was invited for an Allure & ESQ Movado event. Because that event was badly planned and over packed, I ended up walking into the cosmetics section where there was room to breathe.  While like most cosmetics section of  department stores, as soon as you enter the reps pounce on you. "Would you like a spray of"...Are you saying I smell bad, friend? "Can I interest you in some hand lotion?"  Do I look ashy? Either way, this section is not for those who have weak will or can't stand the pressure of sales reps. While I did manage to shop around a bit in peace most because I was glaring and frowning [try it, no one wants to come near you!] I did end up buying a couple of things. The ladies at the Ahava department were not pushy and very informative. One of the visiting reps, was super nice in explaining the benefits of each product line. She threw in a free gift, samples, hand massage even though I made a purchase a bit smaller than the required amount for the free gift. Overall, LT is just many other department stores in terms of selection, customer service and prices/promotions. The only thing is stay clear of the cosmetics/fragrance section unless you know what you want or you are feeling particularly fierce that day.
The store has been partially renovated, and it looks great.   Why doesn't everyone in town go to this Sarabeth's, to avoid the lines? And the prices are great- with the Labor Day sales and the various coupons, I got a bunch of dress shirts and ties for under $16 each!
Unless your mountain of money permits you to shop the non-diffusion line floors at Bergdorf or Barneys with a personal shopper in tow, Lord & Taylor is the best department store in New York City. Lord & Taylor appears to carry about 80% of the brands carried at Bloomingdales (a zoo on the best of days), and maybe about 70% of what's sold at Saks (also a total zoo and, psst, hardly discerning in terms of what they carry despite all pretensions to the contrary.)   If it's how you roll, you can find real-deal main line designer wear (Calvin Klein, Ralph Lauren,  Donna Karan) on 3, keeping with the ethos of L&T as a go-to place for American sportswear.  I can't afford that stuff, but have picked up two printed navy silk blouses from a less-expensive brand on 3.   Both were on sale, and both were additionally discounted by my very experienced, professional saleswoman.  L&T nearly always runs a sale, and if you don't subscribe to a newspaper where you can pull coupons, the sales staff will virtually always honor the discount. Other highlights: - the shoe department: well-edited, constant sales, sales reps that can handle the crazy with aplomb and humor - the lingerie department: the only place besides Century 21 where you can reliably find slips; not as crazy as Town Shop or other specialty boutiques, but you can still get measured if you're feeling a touch uncomfortable in your bras - the Sarabeth's takeaway counter: there's also a Sarabeth's restaurant, but I'm never really in a sit-down mood inside of a department store - the makeup counter:  NARS and other high-end brands in a less-nutty-than-Sephora atmosphere - the handbag selection - I've not bought one from here, but at least in the past they had Jerome Dreyfuss and Olivia Harris bags.  Big points for giving space to less-known designers.  The reviewers who claim that L&T are fusty and not forward are - respectfully - wrong. Go here to keep sane and flush and stay away from Macy's, Bloomingdales, Saks...
Lord & Taylor is a great department store for middle-class hipsters.  Sure, as a building, it's a little beat up.  But you're not here for the architecture, right?  They've got a decent selection; I got some of my goto pieces from Lucky, Mavi, and FCUK here.  And with a coupon, it comes out to a fair price.  Whether you're looking for a deal or you're just in the mood to casually browse, you can get your shopping on at Lord & Taylor.
Now admittedly Lord & Taylor doesn't rank high on my list of shopping meccas. But what they lack in general merchandise they make up for in an amazing dress and shoe department. I went there today to search for a dress for an upcoming wedding I am attending and they staff was very polite and helpful. After what seemed like a million dresses i tried on, I found the perfect one (though it was too big), but have no fear, Alterations came to the rescue and will have my dress ready for me by Friday. How Fab!
Lord and Taylor how I love you.  The shoe department is Heaven!! Sad to this but a few of the sales associates kind of know me (Hi My name is Candice. I love shoes) and they are always willing to help me. As a matter of fact, I've never had to ask an employee for a size.  They always come up to me.  Other stores like Bloomies and sometimes Macys, have these associates who cherry pick and they just "look" for the people they think have money.  But not at lord and taylor.  And sometimes they let you get a discount if you forget your coupon at home.  This rarely happens at Macy or Bloomies. Lord and Taylor is winning in my eyes!
This is for the awesome shoe selection & sale. But mostly for Martin in the women's shoe department. He was the best sales associate I've ever met for the past several years. These days especially in NYC it's almost impossible to find a sales associate who doesn't seem fake, pushy & overly aggressive. Most sales associate, especially in shoe stores make you feel like if you don't end up liking a pair of shoes, you owe him/her the effort of fetching them for you. Martin was completely the opposite. He made me feel so welcome and comfortable by being so patient and pleasant. He didn't have the fake smile and fake compliments most sales associates have when they want you to buy things. Instead, he had a friendly and peaceful smile while paying attention to every customers need while multi-tasking at helping everyone. The perfect balance of being no-nonsense and extremely friendly. I was there for almost an hour...took a few rounds in the department and found 2-3 shoes each round that I'd like to try on. He was SO patient, remembered my name & size every time, and even kindly assured me that the shoes are on their way. When I was thinking about another size or color, he quickly double-checked for me and offered to bring them without me even asking. When I didn't like something, no problem at all. I ended up buying 3 pairs and will definitely go back. Ladies, look for Martin when you are there!
Im giving this place 3 stars for selection being that the mens dept is only a quarter of main floor and the whole 10th floor while about 9 full floors are womans. but the extra star is for how much even if i dont find anything usefull (75% of the time unfortunatly) its still the quietest most spaciouse peacful time to ever have while shopping, hardly any staff pressure, knowledgable ENGLISH speaking staff, & pretty clean huge dressing rooms not to mention one of the most imaculant public bathrooms ever make this place a great place to waste your time...or not. not near the selection of Macy's........OR THE HORRIBLE CROWD. not near the quality of BLOOMINGDALES......OR the prices either thank goodness not in the middle of a huge shopping strip so already you walk in a little more with your piece of mind an sanity intact to do some quality browsing without base thumping beats & ero trash talking down to you
i was less than impressed with the pushyness of some of the associates here.  never have i felt more like i was being stalked down than when i walked through the cosmetics department.   especially clinique.  if i want your products, i'll ask for them.  don't stalk me off the escalator and demand that i come to your counter,   a high note was a (sorry for making this the identifier, older) woman working in the mens shoe department.  she was a HOOT!  i wish i remembered her name because she knew what she was doing in sales.  she "befriended" us and made us laugh all the while making sure she was helping my friend and i find the perfect shoe for him for work.  that's the kind of person i want to give business to.  not someone who you can TELL works on commission and is therefore hounding you for a buck.
I love this store everytime I need to go somewhere formal I find a dress here at a great price. And people leave you alone in this store they are not all over you and it is a chill vibe. I found myself going to the home section one day in this store and guess what I found gorgeous Calvin Klein towels for 70 percent off!!!! beautiful white towels!!! And guess what the people that work there gave me an extra 10% OFF on my towels because they were running some type of sale throughout the store that week. Give it a try if all fails in finding a dress I swear you will find it here! Always happens to me I LOVE LORD AND TAYLOR!
Best store in the country to buy men's dress shoes.
Better than the nearby flagship Macy's; not nearly as crowded and actually has a few decent items on sale.  But why is the Men's department on the very top 10th floor?  After going up all of those escalators, I was so dizzy and confused, I actually bought something.
I didn't really know what to expect from Lord & Taylor but kudos for the efforts to rebrand. And hooray for my dear friend Hannah Lee for being chosen as one of the runners up in the Love At First Sight event! Can't wait to see Lord & Taylor reproduce her design for mass production! I'm impressed with them for giving young designers an opportunity to showcase their work.
Love their Lancôme 7 piece gift sets with $35 purchase that they have every few months. They have a huge shoe selection but not many of the higher end brands.
One of the more civilized shopping experiences in the city. Top brands, reasonable prices, and a generally relaxing ambiance are reasons I'm always happy I came in here.
Only been shopping here once on my one trip to New York. And I of course forgot to pack underwear and this was the first department store I hit. Big store which is probably norm for NYC. But they had a great lingerie selection without the lack of organization I get at my local Macy's. I found the underwear I wear and a whole new range of colors. Still can't find those colors here, and sadly their website is lacking.
