Monday night chill crowd. As an out of town-er I felt genuinely accepted and welcome in this small funky-dive bar. Flow of local crowd in and out over a few hours was definitely partying with drinks, shots and good edgy music. However, maintained a cool atmosphere of friends pleased to bump into each other but sticking to their own thing. Not an obnoxious ass to be found all night. Rose the bartender was on it, made sure you had what you needed, never let you run dry without imposing, lovely girl with a sultry voice. I'll be back next time I'm in town.
Melissa is the bomb bartender!! Been there several times at different times of the day/year. I love taco Tuesday. I'm usually the girl who saves money by bringing lunch but nothing beats 3 tacos for $8 (well, Maybe 4 tacos for $8 but I digress. LOL). I'm not sure if Melissa is still a bartender there but when I went, she was friendly and sweet. Came here also on NYE (it was free and different). The place was kinda empty for NYE but after midnight, the place turned it up! I like that. I like quiet. I like peace. I like drinks. LOL I'm going there today for my birthday lunch with co-workers. I'll update after.
Good food, good drinks, and awesome bartenders! Always a good time to be had especially if you get a chance to check out their free Thursday night burlesque show.
I love coming here. They have the best nachos!!! Drinks are great and really every dish I order is good. I miss their veggie burger!
Lordy. We came here for Bacon and Beer Wednesdays. I've traveled round the world and seen somany faces, I've also tasted plenty of bacon but this slab of savory goodness compares to no other. I literally did not want to swallow the bacon so I could avoid the sadness of not being able to chew it any longer. The bar is kind divey but a cool spot to meet up, hang out or have a casual date night. We lucked up on a comedy show which  I loved the idea of however since the place is so small, the unintersted bar stool pigeons in back overcame the comedians with their talking and general libatious laughter. eh well..I laughed a few times and even thrice outloud. Please, whatever you do, try the bacon cupcakes. Like seriously...Bacon. Cupcake
It's where I go to when I'm not doing good in my life. Burlesque night is LOVELY. A good time for a slow night. A mellow spot with loud music u can vibe over a beer.
I came here for Brunch. It is every Saturday and Sunday from 12:30pm until 3:00pm. Their Brunch menu has a good selection. They have pancakes, black forest ham sandwich with muenster cheese  (almost like a panini) , french toast and eggs to name a few. They also have theur regular menu. I ordered the black forest ham with muenster cheese sandwich toasted which was $7 and very good. It came with a garden salad and balsamic vinagrette dressing. I also ordered a bloody mary and was only $3 during brunch which I enjoyed as well.
WOW such a great place! Food is amazing and our bartender Jessica was even better! She was so knowledgeable and super friendly to us. My best friend and I were having a crap day because our flight to cabo got canceled... So when we walked in for a drink it was refreshing to have someone as cool as Jessica take care of us and turn a crap day into a great on. Oh and the music is pretty bad ass in here. Total must! Thanks for the laughs and the drinks Jess!
My favorite bar in Newark to date. A real varied crowd there, but definitely draws some douchebags too. I still love the bar regardless, the staff there is friendlier than most of the place I have been to in Newark. The bartenders mix stiff drinks and the food is pretty good. That place seems to be packed any night of the week I go there.
My PIC and I visited Hell's Kitchen Lounge in January. It was our first time there and we had been wanting to go for some time now. Upon walking in we could tell we would enjoy ourselves. The place is dimly lit(kinda scary but fun) and there were a few groups of people in there having a great time laughing and drinking! Great environment full of pin ups, art and dancing POLES. We took seat at the bar instead of in the main area and was quickly greeted by the sassy bartender whose name slips my mind.  Anyways, I ordered the  Brick City Burger and fries. My PIC ordered the Locally made Sobieski Kielbasa with sauerkraut. To drink I ordered a Starburst shot and he ordered Sam Adams(which we quickly discovered was a horrible tasting beer). The food did take a while to come out, it seemed like forever since we were starving but it was no longer than 20 mins which is quiet a wait!  We both enjoyed our meals eating every bit of it(he usually finishes min off) The shot was great and so huge that the PiC and I both got to take a shot from one cup! They are reasonably priced for the 2 of us I'm sure we didn't pay over 30. Not including the tip   A lady came around and offered us some "hot" movies. At first we turned her down, but our great bartender whispered to usta that she has the best selection, so we bought 3. Sidenote: 2 of the 3 movies were of good quality 3rd one eh not so much.  The bartender told us that there would be a burlesque show later that night and we should stick around to see it. Unfortunately we had to be at work the next day and couldn't stay.  From my understanding they have a few different shows go on at Hell's Kitchen lounge, that I would like to check out soon. We will be going back  to try something else on the menu and hopefully catch a show while enjoying the shots! Also would like to try out their brunch!
Great draft beer selection and even better atmosphere. One of the better bars in Newark to go to.
Hell's Kitchen is a gem in Newark.  The drink selections are great with various specials all throughout the week.  The food is good and a notch above most bar food.  Hell's has a great staff who is friendly, fun, and attentive.  Probably the best thing about Hell's is the entertainment.  Every night there is something different.  From comedy to pole dancing; DJs to Bacon Night; there is something for everyone to enjoy.  Thursday night burlesque is a personal favorite.  If you're in Newark, Hell's is a must try.  Also a great pre-game spot before the Devil's games during hockey season.  Check it out and enjoy!!!
I love the atomosphere here, if you love...devils...pinup girls...darkness..art and just a chill spot to come to..this is it. They always have events happening on the weekends..usually Burlesque shows. You will be sure to see at least one girl dancing on one of the poles. This place always has a big amount of people here---along with a dj. In the past ive even been lucky enough to come to an art show here. The waitors are nice and if you sit at a little table on the side or in the main room they will actually serve you. The downfall is the space, since it does tend to get packed..its hard to walk around and even grab a seat. However, Ive noticed they have food and i really gotta try the food.
I'm would give this a five for service and drinks and probably a three for food. The $3 blood mary's for brunch were great!  Our bartender (according to our check, her name was Jessica), made incredible drinks!  For our last drink I asked her for something creative with a vodka base, and she went to town. It was a ginger-flavored, incredible tasting drink.   OK, now for the food.  I had wings and hummus. The wings seemed baked vs. fried, so they didn't have that crisp skin a lot of places have and the buffalo sauce was watery and not even a little spicy.  The jerk seasoning was good, but again, I really didn't like the skin on the wings. Average food, but definitely areas to improve.   Overall, really unique bar, cool bar, where all types of people go.
Went there on many occasions for lunch over the past few years and ordered the cheesesteak each time because it was delicious.  And our waiter was always exceptional.  Unfortunately, he no longer works there. Today?  A very different experience.  The steak had so much gristle in it we had to take it out of the sandwich, cut out the gristle, and re-make the sandwich. The side salad had so much salt it was inedible.  The halves we took home? The dog's dinner and yes, the gristle will be cut out.  Our waitress? She had no problem laughing and smiling at the guys at the bar.  When it came to two gals sitting at a table it was an entirely different attitude.... completely stone faced.  And, listen up Ms. Grouchy Pants, when a customer asks what kind of beer you have the response shouldn't be "here, read the beer list".  Perhaps her braids were too tight. Anyway, the young man who brought us our food was extremely pleasant.  So the 20% tip we left should all go to him.  It's the last tip this place will ever see.
Great service. Christie was our waiteress. Patient, respectful, and helpful in trying to pick our drinks. Red devil and Angels demon! Nachos were crunchy and covered in cheese and a touch of sour cream. Slider were decent. Mac and cheese was creamy and generous in dize. Chicken fingers were sliced a bit thin. Atmosphere was trendy. Not many people for a Friday night.  Music was always playing in the background. Street parking was easy to find. Bathroom was clean. But smelled kinda funky.
This place would take 5stars from me if it wasn't for one of their waitress. The location is great, drinks are good, they've a fun burlesque night on Thursdays. It's pretty much everything you'd want in a local bar, except the service. I've been there multiple times and have always been unlucky to get the "heavier" set waitress. Need a drink? Sure, just be prepared to be treated like you're asking her for the favor of her life, every time you order something. That aside, great place. I'd recommend the place, if you're patient.
Not impressed, incredibly disappointed! If the service were not so horrid, I may not see through the lens you are about to see through. As a HUGE fan of pin up girls and all things 60's related, I have been aching to go here for as long as I could remember. On a Saturday evening, walked in and the waitress told us to sit wherever. We told here we had 5 more coming, making it a total of 8 of us. We arrived at 10:15PM and showtime was at 11PM. Place is fairly small. Bar behind you, baby stage in front of you and a pole smack dabbed in the center of everything outlined with tables. She asked if we made a reservation and we did not, as we were all unaware that this type of establishment called for reservations in advance. She rolled her eyes at us. She said we can sit at the table next to the door, which would have been fine on any other night that it was not 6 degrees. We asked if we could sit in a different corner and just move the tables together so we could all fit. Again, she sighed, to reinforce how much of a burden we had become on her night. Twas but a foreshadowing of what was to come... Our guests arrived, a few at a time. The waitress was running around, juggling the entire restaurant. Our friends waited almost 30 minutes for her to come back to our table before they gave up and bought drinks from the bar. When they came back from the bar, the waitress had the audacity to disrespectfully say "IF YOURE AT A TABLE, ORDER THROUGH ME. IF YOU ORDER FROM THE BAR, YOU SIT AT THE BAR" We told her if she was around, we would have ordered through her. I thought Hells Kitchen only put on Burlesque Shows but we were watching ladies work a pole. When I think of burlesque, I think of playful teasing and stripping; not gliding up and down on a pole, spread eagle and repeat. The pole was greased up and the ladies on it seemed to be slipping. Pole also looked like itd pop out of the hole it was haphazardly placed in as it jerked back and forth when used. Show was for a good cause as all entry donations went to a charity, which is cool. I too can totally respect the art of pole dancing but was surprised to see that over burlesque. Cute girl in a black and white striped fuzzy bikini blew fire from her mouth and lit her arms and legs with it. That was fun to watch! I ordered the pirogues and thought they were pretty good. They ran out of blue moon and guiness so a black and blue was not an option. I am sad to say that my return to this place is unlikely as much as I really wanted to believe in this spot! Shame.
I came here the other night with about 9 people and the service was horrible.  I love Hells Kitchen and I've never experienced this problem before, but on Wednesday night, we literally waited an hour for our food to come out and some of the orders were not correct. We had a concert to get to, so this was very aggravating. Our waitress seemed lost and they might have been short staffed in the kitchen. The only good thing I'll say is that the manager came to our table and apologized for the wait and took two of the meals off our bill and offered to buy us a round of drinks.  We didn't take her offer on the free booze because we had to rush to get to our concert on table, but I appreciated her effort. I'd still come back to Hells Kitchen, but I was disappointed on Wednesday night. :(
LOVE THIS PLACE!!! I found this amazing little place while browsing events on yelp, big thanks to Stephanie for posting Woofstock 2013. Owner of this place celebrates his yearly anniversary by doing a street fair type event, centered around pet adoption, lots of cool local bands playing and lots of fun tables from local vendors. So of course we decided to stay and eat! First thing I see when I walk in.......   ****Leopard rug and a picture of Marilyn Monroe on the wall***** when I turn to get a full view of the place and see....red walls, small chandliers, leapard seats and lots of cool pin up photography!! Soooooo cool.....like this place and I were meant to be brought together....i loved every corner of it! They also have a small stage, I hear they have burly q Thursdays......didn't I just say this place and I were meant to be?.....lol There logo is a pin up holding a martini glass, super awsum! great customer service, we were seated rite away and the lovely waitress greeted us and took our drink order. Decent drinks, kind of small, got a vodka and cranberry was pretty darn good, not so strong though. Food:   they have a fun menu! Burgers and sandwiches, chorizo sandwhich, ginuess burger (cheddar and thick bacon), cheese steak, roasted vegtable sandwhich for the vegans, and a few different chicken selections. I got the Bolo burger...sautéed onions, and prosciutto! also came with horseradish remoulade, which I got on the side. They have different aioli's and mayo's. They have an extensive menu, pasta, fish n chips, steak, jambalaya, chili, sliders, hummus, edamame, quesadillas, salads and about 7 different types of wings, that all sound yummy. Our starter was the devils hot dog, a hot dog wrapped in bacon, served with fries. My honey and I split this as the appetizer, it was really good, bun was really fresh and toasty. Look this place up, they do lots of fun daily things like taco Tuesdays and brick city Thursdays, they also have a dj on the weekends and I hear some fun is being had! I'm definitely going back for burly q thurs. and to try some more of there menu. street parking only, open late, prices are reasonable.
The service was ok ! I have a pet peeve about customer service . One guy was new who served outside but severs did check on us more then once. Try wings jerk chicken and fries are good, good prices ! Great outside sitting
Love the outdoor seating and the ambiance inside! Service is good. Great live bands and fun theme nights. Drinks are great but food is just okay. It's slowly become a regular go-to spot. Definitely stop in for a drink if you're in the area.
Great little place. Reminds me of dive bars in New Orleans, except cleaner. Friendly staff, good music selection that goes from goth to rock to 80's to metal. I tried the jambalaya, and while it was not the Louisiana style I was expecting, it was still very good and would recommend anyone wanting something with a little kick to it to order. One more note. The order of jambalaya was large enough for two people.not sure if that's the case with other entrees but you might want to check with the server ahead of time.
"It's Morphing time NEWARK" the young power ranger, Corey Booker yells out "GENTRIFICATION"!! The artsy- fartsy individualist, with a gentrified frame of mind adds some thick framed glasses steps out.  Ohh they are coming for ya' hood Iron bound! Plaid shirts accepted, and welcomed. For some reason I think this place has something to do with the Devil, I mean "the Devils' Hockey There is something for everyone in this dark, wanna-be Smokey place.  H.K. has a funky strangely themed art on the walls, but it works.   The one waitress hails from France.  Her accent always keeps me interested. I order things just to hear it. I like the way she says my name.  Andre, with accent and all, I'm a sucker for such things. 1. Burlesque 2. Devils hot wings Mad hot 3. PBR Tall boys  has me sold 4. Outdoor Café a must 5. Always some kind of event here. 6. Quick walk to the PATH
At one point, when we first discovered this place in 2009, I would have rated it 5 stars.  It once hosted some of the best late night fun and entertainment. It was original, diverse, yet in some ways intimate. We became regulars for a long time in 2009-2010. We came back to revisit last month and ordered some drinks and realized how much this place has lost it's touch. None of the staff seem as enthusiastic as they used to be and what one buzzed has now fizzled. The biggest slap in the face was when our drinks arrived, I noticed the Vodka was watered down. If ANYTHING kills authenticity- it's watered down drinks. I don't sit well with paying prime prices in Newark for watered down shots. Shame on you Hell's. I'm not exactly sure how to say this but, Hell's has died and gone to...itself.
Not bad lounge . Good vibe and lot of regulars. Nice place to have few drinks. Food was ok. It is a fusion of bar food and entrees but it does not do justice to either.
Very average. I'm from New York you have these dive bars on every street corner. Food was decent but very hard to mess up steak and  frites. Burger really bland. Wait staff not to quick as it being empty Fourth of July. Atmosphere smelled like old beer music to loud. All in all would not return nothing special.
Annoyingly all street parking (but I think that's the norm for Newark). Went inside and was happy to see they had football on, woot! (especially cause I wasn't a fan of the idea of watching soft porn with everyone else, I like to do that in the privacy of my HOME.) Interesting dark decor. The waitress was new so she kept telling us the kitchen was closed though I swore I saw online that the kitchen was open later. Eventually that did get sorted out and we were able to order some food. The hummus platter was alright (sort of what you get out of a pre-made packaged hummus it tasted like - not homemade). The mac and cheese was alright, not great. My friend actually had to return it to the kitchen she disliked it so much. They were polite enough to sub the mac & cheese with a second hummus platter for her, which I really appreciate in a business. The burlesque show was decent. No dance floor really. Someone walked around before the burlesque show and turned off most of the televisions so I had to go to the main bar to see my football game, which was a little annoying. Had this one drink (Seven Minutes in Heaven: Bacardi Light Rum, Bacardi Coconut, Passion Fruit, and Cranberry Juice. Served with a cherry) that was absolutely delicious. Had about 5 of those in one night! Definitely the high point of my visit!
Hell's Kitchen is a great spot for alternative fun in Newark! Great food, great service and great prices! Also they always have specials going on. - Guinness burger is delish. - Mushroom quesadilla is really good - Wings are nice and crispy - Tortilla Soup (not every day though) is just sooo good! If it's available the day you go, try it! The bartenders are very nice so is the waiters and the drinks is well served! You will not regret giving it a try!
Eh. I've lived in the ironbound my whole life and being portuguese with our awesome cuisine and living in a place that has our awesome cuisine everywhere is pretty hard to beat but I figured hmm might as well try something different in town. bad choice. I went for happy hour and the stars are purely because we had $3 blue moons which is pretty good. The food is ghastly. My goodness is it bad. We started off with mozzarella sticks which were obviously the frozen kind. My boyfriend had the english muffin-y burger which looked bland before even eating it and I had the guinness burger. My burger was burnt on the outside and moo-ing on the inside. The only thing that made it edible was the cheese. The decor is also strange. I get the look they're going for but the execution is poor at best. If you're just coming for drinks and going to prudential it should be fine. But for the love of all the food that is good in ironbound, please don't eat here.
So, not gonna lie, I'm no Newark expert. I don't go here often, though Yelp events have brought me to Newark a bunch this past April. Hell's Kitchen Lounge is an AWESOME venue in Newark. So, if this bar/restaurant is any indication of what Newark is all about than rock on Newark. My first visit at this place was for Burlesque Thursday. Wow. My friend Tiny Dee from  BK told me she would be here so I totally told her I'd support her efforts and what a great time. What a great idea to have Burlesque nights. With some soft core porn on the tvs, a dj playing some great dark 80s music (actually from the movie Drive), there was a go go dancer on a pole and 2 Burlesque dancers. Hells Kitchen has a great array of beers both draft and bottled and great drink specials and boy are they strong. We sampled an array of apps that were decent ranging from the mild wings, to nachos (not the plate of chips but rather large chips with each have cheese on it), pita & hummus and a few other items. Nothing really was anything I'd remember to order again but, I did get to try a burger and hotdamn that was good, real good... I just had a bite of the burger so can't go into too much detail but  I do remember saying to myself I look forward to coming back and having a burger to myself. I visited Hells Kitchen another time on a Thursday again for Burlesque and it was busy so I definitely recommend making a reservation for Burlesque night if you are comin' with a crew and want good seats. This place (at least on Thursdays) isn't for those who don't enjoy nuditiy but, any other night this is a dark lit lounge where you can get a stiff drink and a great burger in a cool space.
I seem to only make it in here on Burlesque Thursdays. That may or may not be intentional. My first time here was for a CMYE (for you non-Yelpers, that's a Community Manager Yelp Event) and that was an absolute blast! My second visit, we declared it an official/unofficial after-party after a Yelp Elite Event. Also a blast! Every other time after that, I don't know, I guess I just love Thursdays? Does it have anything to do with the girls? M-a-y-b-e... So, having only been here on Thursdays, here's what I can say: The burlesque performers and go-go girls do change. I don't know how often they rotate, but I can tell you I haven't' seen the same performer twice. The service can feel a bit slow sometimes, but they're busting ass in there so I'm not mad. And Yelp event or not, they're always friendly. The drinks are made well and the prices are considerably good for being so close to the stadium. There's a nice sized menu of bar food and entrees, but I can't say I love the food. Not all bad though. Overall, I enjoy it here enough to easily become a regular.
Well, I'll admit I had no idea what in the hell was going on in here when I showed up after the Pens/Devils game. Oh wait...ahhh, it was a Thursday night: Burlesque night. No, it's not the Pussycat Dolls or AC's Revel, but it's as good as you're getting in Newark. HKL isn't the biggest establishment, with a bar on the right and some tables, DJ and small stage on the right. The bar was packed but I somehow managed to get a drink from the nice draft selection, even though I was wearing a Pens jersey, much to the bartender's (kiddingly) dismay. I didn't stay long, but saw two brief song performances before walking back to the hotel and past the biggest drag queen I've ever seen in my life at the bar entrance. Not that I have vast personal experience, but still...if you can't stand the heat and all that.
I would never been to figure out that a place like Hell's Kitchen exists in Newark. I was here on couple of occasions the first one being the CMYE organised by NJCM Stephanie Y. This lounge is at a walking distance from the Newark Path train station which gives more reasons to visit this place due to it's accessibility to public transportation. As one walks in there is pole at the entrance. They have a couple of tables in the front of the stage and rest of them are at the back close to the bar.The burlesque show normally starts little after 10 on Thursdays evenings. The dancers were really nice and all of us had great fun at the burlesque show. The servers were attentive and the drinks were very reasonably priced. Overall a fun place to try if one is in the hood !!
This is hands down the most distinct bar in all of Newark - so let's give it a distinct write-up! OWTR! Decoration: Very cool and perfect branding. Ultra hot red painted walls and varying posters of wwII style pinup girls are aplenty while furnished with funky harlet-inspired couches and typical bar tables. A-PLUS. Music: This is a traditional feel good kinda place so expect a ton of top 40 from all decades. The nights here switch drastically, so do some homework before you go. No complaints, but do not expect any world-class or up and coming DJ's too often. Do expect people that know how to press play for the right song at the perfect moment. Think Karaoke meets Jonathon Peters. Food: The menu has some stellar favs and sprinkled with serious disappointments. First - it's the only place that serves Mac and Cheese in this neighborhood so props for that. The stuff is well done.  Burgers are great- definitely give that Guinness Burger a mean ole bite or chomp on the Brick City Burger if you got a serious appetite.  They have veggie-friendly items for our Moby friends (Edemame, humus, etc) as well. One thing - that stuff they have is NOT JAMBALAYA... it tastes like Paella with chicken - they seriously misfired with this. They have varying food specials daily and as of this review have a lunch special for $5 (pre-selected items). Staff: Very courteous, although some are slow. The bartenders tend to be fast, the waitstaff is hit or miss. One good thing, you can tell who is going to be slow from afar. Aesthetically, each staff members has their own personality/look that meshes well with this bar's motif. Ambience and Crowd: Part funky, part biker, part trashy, part local - that's pretty much what you can expect with plenty of tattoos. The people seem to be a pretty rowdy drinking crowd that enjoys having one too many -  you're not going to catch too many  trendy or model types in there too often. But that's the way , uh huh uh huh, they like it.  Sidenote: A lot of drunken Devils fans go here and if you know hockey fans, know they are right at home (not to mention they go well with the devilish decor) Drinks: Great stuff with some AWESOME selections. They have a few rare liquors and really know how to make sure you drink a lot more than what you came for. Overall: This is fun place that kinda reminds me of an introduction to bikerism coupled with a throwback to the east village. Their regulars are dedicated and will partake in any theme party they conjure up and this place is always competing for top spot when it comes to theme parties (be prepared to be stared at if you show up and don't partake). You will have fun here if you can get past some of the characters in this place. Food is good and drinks are stiff. The best place in Newark if you want a pub type feel. Pros: Great theme parties Consistent crowd Reasonably priced Private Parking Can be Rowdy (please move to cons if you don't like this) Cons: Not much of a dance place (not sober anyway) Not a good date place (usually) Can be Rowdy (please move to pros if you like this) H-Cane Final Spin: There is a stripper pole in the middle of the place that is actively used by women... and some men... 'nuff said.
We came here twice before Devils games. It was pretty hoppin', I must say!! The drinks are really cheap before games, and they are expensive AT the game so it seems like an obviously fantastic combination to me. We got our drink on, and then tried to drink minimally at the game. BOOM money in your wallet, your welcome. I had wings here on special. So cheap and so tasty!! Again, cheaper and better than anything you can get at the rink so an obvious choice there! The next time I had the B "Hell" T... OK look. This changed the way I think about BLT sandwiches. It's not a BLT because that implies an equal amount of bacon, lettuce, and tomato. Folks this is a straight up BACON SANDWICH. A whole pig's worth of bacon, crispped to perfect, is on this sandwich. Also an amazing chipolte sauce. I will return to New Jersey, and return to Hell's Kitchen, if for nothing else... this sandwich. Amazing. Just wow. Bacony, bacony goodness. The service was always friendly and I just really liked the atmosphere. A great place to eat and drink before cheering on your New Jersey Devils.
Wanted to try this as it looked the best out of places I could see online that delivered. Since I'm out of town and staying in a hotel for work, I found out they do deliver, but that their bike-delivery person won't cross the bridge to 'another city,' even though the hotel is only 1.3 miles away from the restaurant. I walked the route earlier when I was looking for places to eat. No hills, no issues. Didn't get a distance answer either when I asked what the minimum was. Regardless, the woman on the phone was super helpful and nice, and I appreciated her recommendations for what to order.... Standards for catering to visitors with delivery - pretty sub par.
Still a 2 star I give. Someoone just sent me a message. I am sure it was someone affiliated with the HK Pub. They were basically disturbed with my review and wanted to tell me that my experience is that of someone who didn't know what I was talking about, That I apparently am not qualified or experienced to give my opinion on an alcoholic beverage or the tipping factor. For better service and a more flourishing business what they should have done is appologized and invited me back for a better experience. SMH.
I am so glad there is finally a cute place where I live. It's really well put together. The decor is super cute-pin-up girls on the wall and leopard print menus- it doesn't seem like they cut any corners. Prices are decent. Only tried the fish and chpis but the food seems decent. The juke box needs some serious help! But I love the place. I wish they would have rockabily bands play or something. Its the only hip thing in Newark so if youre reading this, you BETTER GO! xoxo
Well it is sad no one saw this event on yelp but enough people did in other places...  There was a full house with kick-ass performances and dj's spinning tune until 4am and people dancing the night away... Thanks Tony, Kelly and Dave and the entire staff for putting .together an awesome New Years Eve Party... Sometimes keeping it simple works....
I love Hell's Kitchen for their happy hour, good bar food, kitchy decor.  Don't come with more expectations than that.  I suggest the wings, burgers, veggie sandwich and hummus.  I've also been there for brunch and it was surprisingly very tasty.  I've had a few things on the menu that I think are just downright bad.  Avoid at all costs the B-Hell-T and the appetizer pizza(I don't know if they still have that on their menu). I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to have an authentic New Jersey experience.  Especially on a Friday night when they have Karaoke with these two DJs.  They are my quintessential idea of what "Jersey girls" are all about.  They have the attitude, the accent, and style of what it really means to be from Jersey. The waitstaff is very friendly too!
This spot can be a lot of fun before and after Devils games, and I like the care they've taken to add some "Devils themed" drinks etc... But frankly, lets not kid ourselves, it's pretty trashy.  Trashy in a no frills,  good sort of way that is.  They have a stripper pole for instance, which is a bit atypical, and girlie pics on the walls and in the bathrooms.  Again, a bit odd, but whatever.   The drinks are cheap and the staff seems down to earth. It's a decent option for a group of guys pre-partying the game, but not a place to bring a girl.  Unless she's hip, cool, and laid-back.  But in no way shape or form should you bring a date here unless you've been dating a while.  You must trust me on this.  Take her to BCB&G instead.
Very decent lounge type restaurant. Very chill and relaxed. Summer time seating outside, red interior and Devils Stadium right around the corner make total sense. I tried lots of appetizers here and soups for the most part. Soups are great. Appetizers portions can be bigger but other than that this place is great. Giving Newark credit!
Went yesterday for NFL kickoff and caught their Thur night burlesque show. titties, beer, and football did I just hit the trifecta! Had a great time, will be back again.
My fav. place in NJ, some serious great music going. The decor is bad ass animal prints + leather couches + red walls + pin up girls... super cool. Drinks are great, try dancing with the devil or seven minutes in heaven! I was there on a Thursday night and they had a very fun burlesque show. So fun!!! Go check it out if you're ever by the Prudential center
Ran out of beer during super bowl sunday due to a busy weekend and small storage area. Waitress always checking on us  and was extremely friendly which was good. The music selection playing was great. Didnt try the food, but expresso was good.
This is kind of my  go to bar/lounge in the Ironbound but I haven't tried many other places so I don't know how it compares. They do have a  happy hour during the week ($15 pitchers of Sangria, $5 well drinks, etc.) but you may need to ask them about it/specify you want something from the happy hour menu as last time, I assumed I was getting well drinks but wasn't. In terms of the atmosphere, it is definitely not fancy but has it's own charm. There are a lot of regulars who show up after work. I haven't come before hockey games (nor do I plan to) but I have seen it being pretty busy. Sometimes they have a table or two outside to sit at; other times they don't; probably depends on the weather. The inside is a bit dark but I guess it's part of their decor and theme. The food is okay too. I've had the Guinness burger which has this marbled cheese on it. The burgers are not the best I've had in Newark but they are okay. I have also tried the appetizers which are pretty good. Their drink menu has a lot of interesting options. I had one of the coffee drinks last time which was pretty strong and pretty good. I've also had  the Sangria (not amazing but pretty tasty), Irish car bombs (awesome but it's hard to mess those up), and whiskey sours. They also have a lot of local events and different things going on each day of the week. It is nice that they keep it interesting in Newark. In terms of adding to what the city offers and keeping things fun, Hell's Kitchen is awesome.
If you want to watch dirty 1920's porn with a $5 drink, this is where it's at!  I like Hell's Kitchen bc it has managed to bring in a young crowd to this random little corner in Newark. With all the competition on Ferry St, you would think that this place doesn't get much action but it does. Food is good, they have a nice happy hour menu with $5 well drinks, sangria pitcher specials, and food specials. Staff is friendly and where animal print as part of their attire which is hot. Music is different depending on the night that you attend and sometimes they have live bands and burlesque shows too. It's def a chill place to just hang out and kick back. I have yet to see a fight or even a loud argument here. So stop by and have a drink!
Great beer selection.
I love Hell's Kitchen.  The only reason I am reserving a star is that I know there is a very fun night life here (especially burlesque thursdays) and I have never been able to experience it.  This is one of the place we go when someone is having a going away party and also for our work fantasy baseball end of season lunch...what better place to give away a big check than a place with great food and vintage pinup girls all over the place? Now, the food...I have NEVER had a bad meal here.  That's tough to do in Newark-everyone has a bad day, but they are very consistent here and the food is not only great, but affordable.  The nachos, meatball sliders, wings, and Lord of the Fries appetizers are awesome!  You like Hot Dogs???  Try the Devil Dog-wrapped in bacon, stuffed with cheese and jalepenos...WOO HOO!   Burgers here are great-whether you go with a traditional cheeseburger or one of their specialties (Guiness and Memphis Blue are two of my favorites), but if you want to try something funky, try the Brick City Burger- 1/2 pound burger with onions, chorizo, cheese onion rings and their 'special meat spackle'.  Seriously, meat spackle. Other than the kielbasa and the pierogies, I haven't tried any of the non-bar food entree's, but if they are like the rest of the food in this joint it's all gotta be great.  Someday I will be here for the nightlife and I'm sure it will be a blast!
Love the menu.  Burgers are awesome, the wings are great and the nachos are the original classic nacho (not the crap that most Americans call nachos). The atmosphere is awesome.  Only place I'm familiar with that I can get a glass of absinthe and watch an old school "Mondo"/burlesque striptease at the same time. The DJ's are usually genre specific which is great (one time there was even a blind DJ that killed it). And the live music is always interesting in a good way. The only caveat I found was the lack of interesting beer.  The deepest they went was Rogue's "Dead Guy Ale".  This might not be big for some, but with the style they present themselves with I expect at least 1 kind of Stone beer (besides the sticker on the cooler) or Dogfish beer. Nevertheless, I love the joint and its funky creativity.  Stop by, you'll love it too.
Updated to count to four. I showed up with one person at 6:30.  We told the hostess that we would eventually like a table for 4 when the rest of our party was showing up at 7.  I was expecting to be put on a list, but she nicely offered us a table on the spot, and said she would bring chairs 3 and 4 when the rest of our party came.  The two people came at 7 as expected, and from 7 pm until the end of the 1st period we were a group of 4.  2 people left at the end of the period and 2 of us stayed another 10 to 15 minutes (to get the bill, finish our beer, etc).  So we went from 2 to 4 and then back down 2.  Never 6.   I'd like to believe you about the guy who was asked to leave, but if you're going to insist I was a party of 6, I'm going to find that hard to believe.  I'll take you at your word though and thus retract and apologize for not knowing the full story with him and his group. I was specifically told that you didn't have surround sound.  That the ONLY option was to put all the TVs individual volumes on the game, and that that would not be loud enough.  So what I was told that night differs from what you are telling me now. More importantly, nobody came around to tell us there would be no volume.  In the future, I think it might make sense to warn people of that fact as you are setting up the projector.  about 20 minutes before face off, I asked a male employee if the game would be on the projector (at that point all there was was a screen) and he said yes, and that if we wanted to move closer to the screen, we were more than welcome to.  That was very nice of him, but it would have been better if he also mentioned there would be no volume. I apologize if i overestimated the percentage of customers watching the hockey game.  I didn't see anyone still at the bar, but it's highly possible there were still people.  I remembered looking around and only seeing people watching the hockey game, but I easily could have missed the bar section at that point. My point of "silence being golden" was predicated on the fact that everyone was watching the game.  If not everyone is watching the game, of course I understand that music is preferred.   I asked the waitress what the happy hour specials were.  She told me about drink specials and food specials.  I asked how long it goes and she says it was all night.  The sign behind the bar said "happy hour all night" and then had food specials listed (something about a chorizo appetizer and other things) You now mention that food and drinks end at different times.  If SHE didn't specify the difference, why in the world should I?  HOW could I? The majority of us were drinking from the vessel of beer for the last couple of hours, so i can't speak for whether drinks were still at happy hour prices.  There were five dollar Heinekens on our bill, but that might be your happy hour price.  I don't know.  I also don't know when they were purchased.   Again, I was not told "food is no longer at happy hour prices, but drinks are".  I was told "happy hour is over". I find it surprising that the waitress didn't at least suspect a mistake when she got a 42 dollar tip on a 107.5 subtotal (that was really 77.5 after the groupon discount, but of course we tip on pre discount price).  Sure, a 39% tip is possible, but isn't it more likely that a group of FOUR didn't catch the auto gratuity.  As as I admitted in the first post, it's our fault for not seeing it, b/c it is written clearly on the bill.  I've never seen an auto gratuity for a party of 4 (sometimes being a party of 2), and I don't think I've ever seen a bill with "suggested tipping percentages" at the bottom when the tip has already been added.  I can't guarantee that last point though. I'll upgrade to two stars based on the guy being kicked out for legitimate reasons, but I'm probably even more offended now that someone is actually claiming to remember us as a table of 6.  It's one thing to type that on a receipt, but to actually "remember" that (and specifically remembering two phantom gentlemen leaving our group early) is beyond troubling.  I don't want any money back, obviously.
This place is A-OK. My girlfriend and I stop here on the regular after class/exams. Nursing school is hard, and the prescription is beer! The beer is pretty good and reasonably priced, but they're often out of the type of beer we request. This is one of my pet peeves when going to a pub - if you have a beer on your menu, please make sure you're stocked in it!  Why bother offering it if you don't really plan to offer it? Even still, they usually have a decent stand-in beer, even if it is a second choice. The food is just okay. We've tried different things each time we've gone, and not been fully pleased by any of it. I guess it's pretty standard pub fair, though I've had better at other bars.   The service is generally pretty great. The girls that wait on us are always really friendly and casual, which I like. Our first time here was on my birthday, and our waitress brought me a free "birthday cake" shot after she overheard my friends wishing me a happy birthday. Very nice of her. I don't know who the men are who work there or what their function is...there always seems to be one or two moving stuff around, but not waiting on tables. They're not especially friendly, but they're not my waiter either, so it's no biggie. The music is good if you have my taste in music. Catchy alternative from the 80's and 90's - pretty fun to hear old favorites that I haven't heard for years. On paper, the place is not on my favorites list. However, it is our regular spot in Newark, and my friend and I have great times there over beers and onion rings, so I know I will always have fond memories of it.
I've been meaning to come to Hell's Kitchen for THE longest time. This year, I decided to have a birthday celebration there, and Hell's Kitchen's management is very good at helping you put an event together. They allowed me to switch the date when I needed to, and they answered my questions to my satisfaction. It was good to know I could bring my teenager if I wanted to. The Saturday we arrived on was quiet (it was Labour Day Weekend, after all), but that didn't stop us from having a good time at all. The waitress was very sweet and she made sure that we were well taken care of. It was Pop Rocks night, so the music ranged from contemporary remixes to some excellent 80s new wave, and we loved it all.  But the food! I must tell you about the food. For parties, Hell's offers some pretty reasonable platters, and we chose the Asian wings and the vegetable spring rolls. Two words: New. Addiction. I'm coming back for these two things alone. I was really surprised to see the reviews about the watered-down drinks, because mine sure as hell weren't. Drunk off three mojitos? Three? Impressive, sez this little black cat. We also opted for cupcakes in green tea and red velvet. These were super yummy, but the red velvet in particular was quite moist and definitely satisfying. They will decorate your table with balloons, too. I loved the decor and the fuzzy leopard print drink menu, which is full of just about any libation you'd ever want. We had a great time dancing and I even tried out the pole (!!). The dance floor is small but it wasn't too crowded since, as I said, it was quiet for that Saturday. I thanked the staff for making the night so memorable for me and my friends. I can't wait to come here for burlesque. I think this will be a regular spot for me to come to in the future.
If you can't get into a Devils game, come here...place is always active at that time. This isn't the kinda place to go to if you're anti-casual atmosphere...it's pretty homelike and everyone is loud and active. The drinks were kinda cheap when I went and leave your coat in the car if you can...place is tight by the bar and you don't wanna worry about that thing. Food ain't too bad.
Thanks Newark yelpers for telling me about HKL! I had a Guinness burger (how can you go wrong with that!?) and some draft beer.  Yes, I resisted all the fruity drinks, because I'm a sucker for interesting beers on tap.  The waitress was nice, and told me all about them. No Bettie Page on the wall--what gives?  Still, it's a very fun, nice place to go in Newark. Lord knows we ain't got many.
Posters of mid-century pin-up girls on bright red walls, very nice. Huge variety of things going on here from one night to the next. Really exciting place. Cheap drinks, pricey food. Really fun atmosphere though.
There are only two reasons not to go to Hell's Kitchen Lounge: - You're on a first date and you want to really impress your date - You're too uptight and stodgy Aside from that, Hell's Kitchen Lounge has more than average bar food. wait, that's not fair. Really it's restaurant quality wrapped in a bar. Now, it's not fancy restaurant food. It's still burgers, tacos, burritos, and salads but calling it bar food isn't accurate. Sure, they have loud music (really loud), a very casual vibe, burlesque (true story), and live music, oh, and I think they have karaoke too but they're good people. My recent trip uncovered an upcoming indoor/outdoor concert to benefit a local dog rescue. So give it a try... unless one of those two bullets apply to you.
Great service, great food, great vibe and VERY CONVENIENT. What's more to ask for?  I stopped in after a show at the NJ PAC and was pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to find since I don't know Newark at all.   Once we walked in we were instantly in a very cool lounge type of atmosphere that you'd see in the East Village.  Lots of red lights, Betty Page type artwork and people watching opportunities.  VERY CLEAN and service was very helpful and friendly.  No attitude and we were very pleased with our food choices.  Great burgers, chicken burgers, wings etc. WILL DEFINITELY GO BACK.  It's a great alternative to going into NYC for a night out.  They also have dancing in the evenings but we didn't stay late enough for that.  Next time we will!
Hell's Kitchen Lounge lived up to my hype. Even though I was watching a Devils game on a away game day. I had ordered a B-HELL-T and the bacon was perfectly crisp, and crunchy, and the lettuce was fresh, and the chipotle sauce was tasty but I wish there was more of a kick to make it a little like "Hell." The beer I ordered was a pint Blue Ribbon Pabst. It was nice and cold served from the can all for $3. I think I found a real stop by joint for any Devils game event before or after. Service was very helpful and even when I was done drinking water and about to ask for one, my server gave me my water before I could even ask for it. I LOVE HELLS KITCHEN.
It's just a bar you would find in Hoboken. That's why I didn't really like it no style. I'm born and raised in Newark and it's not an Ironbound Bar that I grew up loving and still do. Just an opinion....
Love the decor! We ordered takeout and everything was made as specified. I had a bit of a picky order....... Cheeseburger, med-rare no bun extra lettuce. It was huge, juicy, cheesy and perfect!!!! We also ordered the Jamaican Jerk wings and they were good too but very spicy. Service was good, food was good that's what counts right?  Would have loved to catch the burlesque show ;) Oh and if we were locals we'd totally hit this place up on the regular, tonight was Wednesday- Beer and Bacon night!!!!!!! They had bacon salted fries, bacon pops and bacon cupcakes amongst other delicious sounding bacon delights on the menu.
Got a pint of Harp on tap for $6.00 which was OK I guess. Nine taps at the front of the bar, plus some in the back.  Selection on tap is just OK.  I don't really want to see Coors Light, Bud or Bud Light.  But they had Harp, Smithwick, Guinness. Don't recall the others. Bartender was nice enough.  Did not have time to try the menu. Short walk from downtown but I would not be walking alone at night.
The Devil's Got Your Tongue wings WILL make you cry. This is coming from someone who will randomly shoe jalepenos in her mouth and gnaw on them with delight. Don't do it, I'm telling you.
Great wings all the time and friendly staff..
So, I was getting a tattoo done by Lance Hayes at Adrenalin Rush which is right down the street from Hellz, and he told me to go here after my tattoo to unwind and relax. Wow. I never thought Newark would have a really cool place like this! This place is awesome! The mixed drinks are really good and my girlfriend was having her favorite beer, and the prices are just about right too! Also the atmosphere is pretty hip too, and they get quite a crowd in here as the night goes on. Really popular must mean good... So I figure with all that, the food can't possibly be any good right? But I was starving because I was getting my tattoo for like 4 hours, and I could really use the calories right about now... Well I'll be damned if the food wasn't just good, but really great. I had the Brick City Burger, and it was juicy and perfect. I would call this place a really cool fun spot, a great place to eat, a nice bar, and a cozy comfortable place to relax and meet friends. Hellz Kitchen deefinately rocks, and after my next tattoo, I know i'm coming back here again! LOL!!!
"Damn Fine Food, Wicked Drinks, and Hell of a Good Time" is the motto inscribed on their matches and it's pretty accurate. Few coworkers and I came here during the last day of Newark Restaurant week (15% off total order).  Two ordered the Guiness burger, another the Philly Cheesesteak, one the veggie burger, and I ordered the chicken sandwich.  First off the fries were awesome - battered to give a good crisp, could have let the oil drip off a little bit more though.  The sweet potato version was just as yummy. With the Philly Cheese, Veggie, and Chicken it came in a hero type ciabatta and in my opinion just waay too much bread.  It was ok, but I wasn't impressed with the meat/ filling to bread ratio.  However my coworkers really enjoyed the Guiness burger w/ cheddar and thick bacon on a portuguese roll.  Free soft drink refills.  Came out to be $11 each. The decor is very well done.  Old school and comtemporary pin ups.  The owner of the joint had everything well thought out from naming the plates, drinks, and of course the NJ Devils hockey team in mind.  A very skilled bartender also crafted a mosaic for a nice center piece as well which happens to be on sale for $8,000.  Nice clean bathroom as well. Even the fliers for the joint were high quality and if it weren't for the fact that I don't live in Newark, NJ I would totally check out this highly rated bar/ lounge.  Burlesque show on Thursdays?!  hmmm... Service was a tiny bit slow for the crowd, but the waitress was very friendly and helpful with everything.
At last I've a discovered a little louche bar in Newark.   Fortunately, the night I found myself here, there was no Devils game going on, but a birthday party for a friend which had all but taken over this locale.  The music was good: some old hits from the 80's, reminding me of Revere Beach when I was a lad, as well as current chart toppers - though not my milieu.  Hells Kitchen screams disreputable, but it's not really.  It has its regular clientle and its eclectic visitors, though I found everyone friendly. There were no natty, crapulous, dirty old men lurking about, or washed up sea hag salty old broads.  Service was good and the waitress was young, cute and quick with the drinks and the change. Others have expounded upon the interior, which is to say interesting, with its bad-girl with devil horns artwork, cheesy yet functional furnishings and "red" theme.  There were plenty of characters about, some I'd imagine were regulars at Funhouse and Danceteria back in time - I even asked one femme fatale and she had been a regular at both.   There was a chick in tall leather boots that laced up the back polishing the stripper pole w/her crotch - she was trying to climb it, which reminded me of the ropes in gym class - anywhere else it would have been sleazy, but here it was amusing to watch, especially since it was her boyfriend that was helping her wrap her legs around it. I had a few gin and tonics and enjoyed the scene.
I try to go here at least once when I go back to New Jersey. The decore is cool -- old school pinups with red and animal print. I've had most things on the menu and all are pretty good. Favorites are the thai beef salad, nachos, and most burgers. Wings are also pretty good ranging from mild to super hot. The beer selection is fantastic, lots of variety! If your looking for a fun bar night, this is the place to be!
Drinks = Good Food = Good Prices = Good Atmosphere = Good (often very loud) Service = Good All this added together = repeat customers
Came here for brunch and my first foray into Newark.  It's walking distance from the Path, albeit it's a pretty long walk.  Was there around 2 and we had the place to ourselves.  Service was great, our waitress gave recommendations and even comped us a drink when our food took a while to come out.  Definitely my kind of place.  My mushroom quesadilla was ok and my friend said their chicken sandwich was really good.  Also had an order of fries which were pretty darn tasty.  Oh yeah, and $3 mimosas for brunch.
Wow what a fun and interesting place...and I had no idea it even existed. I stopped by here after an event in the area and I have to be honest I was bit hesitant to go. Although finding a spot could be a chore it's well worth it. Plus it's a decent part of Newark so nothing to be worried about. After it was explained to me what to expect I thought it's going to be a dive bar. It is a little dive-y but I have to tell you it's so much fun. Yeah they have a burlesque show but it's very entertaining (it's done with class not dirty). The crowd is mellow and everyone is just having a good time! The bartenders were cool and their prices...wow...were great! I don't know if I was charged incorrectly but for the amount of alcohol I ordered per round and how much I paid...I thought I was hallucinating. it happened 2x so I realized wow, their drink prices are awesome (in the order was a martini and a Guinness). I do hear the their food is very good so I will be checking this place out at the next Devils game I attend to. I can see this place being a great hangout to watch games too because they have a few TV's and great prices! ENJOY!
The staff are friendly, good food and good drinks. The nite we came they had Monday Movie Night. The served free popcorn and we got to watch the movie on a big screen. I forget what movie was playing and I didnt stay long but it was cool. It's a cool place to lie back and chill. Bring friends :-)
While my time in law school won't go down as being the best years of my life, by any stretch, one especially fond memory I have involved heading over to Hell's Kitchen between classes with my bro Ted to scarf down $5 lunch and imbibe fairly priced ales. You can do it on the cheap, Miller/Bud/Etc., or stretch for the semi-craft brews, along the lines of Chimay. The chicken fingers, serviceable. Ditto the quesadilla, mozz sticks, and pita/hummus.  But, come on, I am not above $5 and, I submit, neither should you be. If this applies to you, SHU Law students, know that The Wef will never question your sly and seemingly inexplicable grin during your 5:50 pm Professional Responsibility class. (Can I resist the urge to inject a well-placed but really juvenile Hell pun? No.) Just say it's the devil's work. It's kind of true. And he'll respect you for it.
This place just opened last saturday and i've already been there twice.  Their slogan is "Damn Fine Food, Wicked Drinks, and a Hell of a Good Time" and that just about sums it up.
Great place to grab beers and some good bar food.  only down side is the out of towers pack the place on Devil's games, but its good for the city and the Bar owners, so a win-win, worth checking out - very out of the norm.
I've been here three times or so and they've all have been wonderful. Great bar with good drinks/specials/burgers and an ownership that's involved in the community, especially with the college crowd up the street. They host a Burlesque night once a week or so and often host other themed nights that are very fun. Close to Penn station for those visiting on mass transit and a stone throw from route 21 near most major highways, routes, etc. I'll be back in here for sure for another fun night out in my own hometown.
It's by far the best bar in the Ironbound. The music is good (specially on Thrusdays), the food is really good and well priced and the crowed it great. It's a great local bar and by far my favorite place.
hell's kitchen is pretty much amazing.  they have a great beer selection (victory hop devil!) and their hummus, wings, burgers, pork chops and specials rock in general. the servers are nice if a bit slow sometimes and i've had some issues with them closing the kitchen early on me (before 10 p.m., one time cause it was "hot"  BUCK UP!).  eating at the bar works better in general. watch out for karaoke and live music nights, unless that's what you're after.  although i did win--but declined--a free tan for my rendition of "girls just wanna have fun."  anyway, the music makes it a bit loud to converse or catch up.
Great superbowl experience! Only reason for the for stars is that it was a bit pricey for bar food. But I'd go back again to chill and watch a game.
This time went on a Friday night to watch the Devils in the Playoffs.  Everyone had a good time and even with the crowd our food and drinks came quickly and were delicious as always.  Love this place!
This is a great alternative place in the Ironbound section of Newark and the only place like it. Nice crowd of people, good drinks and good bar food. The music is the best in the area, it rocks. Wish it was closer to my street. If you're looking for the norm, go to ferry street. Ironbound needs more businesses like this. We have enough of the ethnic restaurant's. We need more like this place..Rock On!!!
Awesome bar! Great decor, good food, and super friendly staff. I went there for my birthday and they have a great bday package--complimentary balloons & a drink named after me. Perfect!  The bar located in the Ironbound section of Newark and has a private parking lot--basically it's easy to get to and safe neighborhood!
A great place to grab a beer or 5 before a Devils game. The food is good but nothing spectacular. Staff is always nice and attentive. However, I doubt I would ever come here just to hang out if I wasn't going to a game.
A great out of the ordinary bar! The mixed drinks are awesome and I enjoy going but it does get pricey.
$3 PBR 16oz cans, ~$9 for a good burger and fries, buy backs, friendly waitstaff and a unique atmosphere. This place is great. Make sure to stop before a Devil's game.
Checked this place out before the Red Hot Chili Peppers concert a couple weeks back. Interesting decor...leopard print pillows everywhere and a stripper pole as you walk in, but the place had a cool vibe. Their happy hour specials were on par with what you'd expect ($3 beers, $4-5 well drinks, $15 pitchers of margaritas). The food was pretty awesome. I got the chicken tenders and my girlfriend got the cajun chicken sandwich and both were delicious. We walked out of there feeling buzzed and satisfied, just in time for an awesome concert. I would definitely come back to this place if I were headed to the Prudential Center again.
Good wings, great burgers, cheap beer, fun crowd, great location near the Pru, and on-street parking sometimes available for games.  It's a winner winner chicken dinner.
This place was great. Staff was nice and there were some cuties when I went. Wasn't crazy price wise. Lounge like area. DONT SIT BY THE SPEAKERS!! haha they werent on when we got there but later metal was melting my brain.
Best Devils Pre-Game bar, hands down... Cheap beer (guinness is under 3 bucks), great food, and a great atmosphere.
By the name and location, you would think it would be a scary place, but that is not that case at all! Hell's Kitchen is awesome! The decor is very pin-up style with red walls and leopard print accents. The owners have a background in catering so the food is just delicious! The staff is very attentive and friendly as well!  My husband and I got married in Vegas and had the reception here. Both our family and friends raved about the food, which was an ecclectic mix of passed hor'de'vors ranging from lobster salad to sliders! The drinks are awesome as well, with nightly specials. Some people may be scared off by the fact that it's in *gasp* Newark, but it's in the Ironbound section, around the corner from the new arena. This makes it a hot spot for Devils fans and concert goers alike. They also have a lot of theme nights so there is never a dull moment at Hell's Kitchen! **UPDATE Was just there this past weekend and was pleasantly surprised that they added some new dishes to their menu! The hubby and I got a bunch of appetizers to share and a few drinks. The edamame was served with sea salt and hot pepper flakes, which I loved! I like spicy food but cannot usually tolerate it well, but this was just a touch of spice and gave it a great flavor!
Interesting decor.  Solid bar food.  Great service.  And cheap beer ($10 pitchers of Longhammer IPA).  I'd certainly come back.
Hell's Kitchen is a great bar in Newark.  It's 3 short blocks from Newark Penn, which is huge, if you're going to be coming in on PATH or NJ Transit.  They have great happy hour specials, like half price mixed drinks, $3 PBR Tall Boys, and $2 shots of Jim Beam.  Can't beat those prices.  The staff was friendly and fun.  The food is good (for bar food).  I had a ground chicken burger, with the works, that was amazing.  I also tried a bunch of the apps that my people ordered.  They were decent.  The menu also has an apparently legendary "Devil Dog Challenge" or something, in which you have to put down several jalapeno-bacon-cheese-dogs, on sub rolls, within a five minute time frame.  They do Burlesque here every Thursday I think, which is cool too.
Finally a good bar in newark. Good food not crazy priced good beer not crazy priced. Still right in the heart of the downtown area. Hells kitchen is like a hell/ leporard print (which I guess they have alot of in hell) restaurant. The waitress' all dress up in the theme and are very polite and gracious. The bartender keeps your drinks full and the vibe around the place is generally relaxed and cool. I didn't see too many business types in the place so this one gets a bonus point for sure. Besides the wings and fries are awesome@!@!!!
Awesome burgers, decor, and service. Prices were reasonable and I wasn't charged for my beloved diet coke. One appetizer, two burgers, a well drink, tax, and tip rounded out to $41. My favorite part was the other diners who were clearly friendly regulars. My only complaints would be the loudish music and questionable photos on the walls.
We went back here at some point and had a much better experience. The service was much improved, as well as the stock of liquor. Although the menu selection is somewhat limited, pretty much everything we ordered was quite good. Such a fabulous Sunday drunken brunch location really. If they weren't in downtown Newark where finding parking can be iffy, I would be here much more often.
For once , I don't know how to begin. This place is "That" eclectic, in the good ways. Some times empty, sometimes busy but always welcoming and always somehow different. Been there a few times, and never less than good time.    Latest visit was on a Tuesday...... There for a meal, courtesy of Groupon, and that was all......... but what entailed was much, much more.......... Entered to a full bar and a few tables sat. We sat next to a table playing Jenga, which is an engineering sort of game, very fun, I say. Thought it was weird but it is what this place does.     Not long after the dinner dishes were cleared were we playing a double stack of Jenga and then, later, the twin towers version of the game.(self invented). All of this was done with neighboring tables and friends of whom we had never meet previously to this night.  All was in great fun.      Service was great, even after the onslaught of returning Devils fans, after the game. The waiters were quick and efficient.    By the way, Yes the food was very good too. Let down your hair and have a good time.
One of my favorite bars in Newark. Great atmosphere, friendly crowd, awesome drinks, and good food. Highly recommend to anyone.
Went here on a Thursday night with group of friends.  The place has a great kitschy/campy pin-up doll decor. The food is your standard bar food, but the food is cheap and tastes fine if you want to get something to eat. The drinks are well made and tasty. The service is great, funny and prompt a real plus for a place like this.  Over all the prices are in line with area so pretty cheap for a funky cool place. The Thursday night burlesque show is fantastic a must see in the Newark area.  Draws a great crowd and usually has a DJ playing later in the night. A great place to get your drink on in Newark
"In the darkest hole, you'll be well advised, not to plan my funeral 'fore the body dies" -Alice in chains This place is pretty fantastic : it has burlesque on thursdays and pretty great food, great cocktails, and a stripper pole :D  The DJs spin ok stuff, though their skill is probably questionable (laptop djs, rlly?) Its got a devil girl sort of mascot, with a leopard print menu that looks like a teen emo/goth girl's journal.  The scene also melds with the NJ devil hockey scene, so its pretty interesting - and walking distance from QXTs if you're looking for food after hanging there.  The mixed crowd seems really cool, but i guess you have to have an open mind to appreciate it as much as i do? :) This is definately something rare in NJ, better than a lot of things i've seen in NYC, and the prices low, and the attitudes humble (no crappy bouncers, they're pretty nice) - a true treasure!!
It's a great place to meet with friends and have a blast locally.  The decor is cool for some, but I can see how it might be a turnoff for others.  The owner is a down-to-earth person, and the events are always fresh and interesting.  The dj's are great too.  Sometimes there are live music shows, movie nights, and even a burlesque night.  Good times.
Great place, no problems or thugs hanging out. The food is pretty descent and the service is great. I tried the cheese steak and itt wasnt very impressive at all, flavorless tough and fatty. The wings are good, and the food is over all pretty good. Great deserts as well as a full bar. Its a good time and have different events on certain weekdays. Definitely stop by before or after an event at The Prudential center.
My mom, being the Groupon/Livingsocial fanatic that she is, purchased a deal for this place and we decided to dine here on Friday (7/27/12) after work (5:30p.m.). Upon entering it was a large space with few tables, a bar and a pole in the middle of the room (not even going to touch that topic.lol). The menu had a variety of things to choose from and our waitress was very helpful, offering suggetions of items on the menu (both food and drink) that were favorites. We ordered loaded fries and bbq wings as the appetizers and I ordered the Cobb Salad, while mom had the chicken sandwich. Overall, the food wasn't spectacular, but good nonetheless. We would return simply because the prices were good, food not bad at all and our waitress was really great. Plus she didn't give us any funny looks or anything being that we were using a Livingsocial voucher (as many do sometimes at other places). If you're in the area and want a burger, salad, wings, or tacos, i recommend it!
Ink-licous, burlesque wonderful, kitchy grundgy, server Rosie was friendlier than a sailor's tattoo on shore leave...huh?...anyway--Williamsburg meets Newark :)
It was good! I'd go back.
I Like going to this place and hangout for a few drinks before club scene.  Friendly staff and never scene any problems there with other patrons.
Great spot. Will definitely come back :)
This place is sooo great, but not really.  It was a bar, not that busy on a fri nite.  I went to see the Laker game (damn Mavs). I went alone and got a lucky seat front and center in front of the TV.  They didnt even have the game on! so after a lil smooze with the bartender I solved that problem.  They only have 2 TVs, not that big (42in) for a bar, but who cares I could see fine.  The bartender was nice but spent most of the nite entertaining some random customer.  I tried to order food while I was there but she said, they aren't serving food for now.  Strange.  Beers were only $5 bux tho... Niccce...  The crowd was a nice mix, but no one cared about the game but me.  This spot is probably only perfect for a lil pregame action before or after a concert/game due to its location.  Its most made up of a few tables and chairs.  Small 2 person tables so you can bring somebody to boo love or find someone to boo love.  The music wasn't for me (Rock mostly).  I probably wouldnt go here again but maybe if the stars align.  All in all I could see how if could be perfect for someone else so check it out.
My favorite place to go before Devils games!  Alcoholically speaking, I love the $3 tall can PBRs and the draft specials they seem to run at random.  And the beer towers rule.  My girlfriend hates beer and she loves all the big crazy frozen drinks they have here.  This place has my favorite burgers and fries.  I usually get the brick city burger.  The fries are always on point and taste like theyre from burger king (in a good way).  I dont recommend the wings just because they come on a small plate of only like 6-8 wings. When I get wings I like to get about 20 like a sicko.  Bottom line this place is cool and way cooler than some of those more expensive spots that opened up across from the Rock.
I had high hopes for this place, but now a month after my one and only visit I am utterly disappointed by this place, or better yet, their owner and manager. I went there with friends, one of which is a Newark resident, so I trust him.  My burger was tasty and the sangria hit the spot.  But it all went downhill when the bill arrived.  We had a Groupon, which was obviously in a foreign language, since it took three people to figure out how to subtract the discount and split the balance among our cards.  My card was charged, not once, not twice, but three times and yet I was not told about these errors. I noticed the mistakes the next day along with the overdraft fee I incurred due to their mistakeS and was left with .13 to my name!  I called them immediately to fix their error and yet it's been over a month and still have yet to receive a sincere apology, my $21 back, or anything else but the worst customer service since then. I will never go to this establishment again nor will I ever give it anything but bad reviews.  If I were in their shoes, I would have 1 - alerted the table to the 3 charges they made to the card, 2 - had the customers leave with a gift certificate or free drink ticket or something as retribution for their mistake, 3 - taken care of the $21 mistake immediately. If you go there, good luck and only pay in CASH!
