Came here for the first time this past Friday. The staff was kind, attentive, and accommodating. My group was immediately placed in a private room without a reservation, at 8:30 on a Friday night! Also, they had a very broad song selection to offer. Head's up: As it is typically with karaoke places, the drinks were pricey and on the weak side...so, don't count on the bar here. Pregame elsewhere. I would recommend downing some 5 for $10 shots at Continental (right across the street) first, and then belting out some karaoke.
Came here with 3 friends to kill some time after Sing Sing Karaoke across the street turned us away for being under 21. $8 per person per hour. The music list was very updated and included the songs you hear on the radio, along with the songs you don't, but there was no search option so you had to go by the books (by title and by artist). There were several different kinds of strobe lights on the ceiling but none of them seemed to work. And the guy from up front kept coming in to check on us every 15 minutes which was really annoying, intrusive, and awkward. I've been to a lot of karaoke places before and none of them have ever done this. Overall not a terrible experience. We got what we came for but it could have been much, much better.
Pretty cool place! You can rent a private room for your group. They say capacity is 20 people but we were able to fit over 30. There's a book with thousands of song selections in all different languages - very impressive. They lose a star because the bar area was downstairs ... and it was a strange setup. It was kind of a mission to get a drink.
Decent song selection and prices for karaoke but not the best karaoke around. My friends and I came here on a Friday night around 3AM. They're open until 6am on Fridays. Unfortunately, the bar area karaoke wasn't open so we got put into a room on the 4th floor. The room was pretty big with two screens and large, comfy couches. It was clean and nice. We got two wireless microphones and two song books. Throughout the night, we were brought water while we sang. As I sobered up, I noticed that the song books smelled awful! And they were sorta sticky. They have these flashy lights and disco type things that make you wana seizure. Also in every room is a little clal button that gets a waiter to come in for drinks, technical issues, and such. There's a balcony on the main floor of hte karaoke bar where you can step outside for fresh air (or smoke). They ID you before you come in at the elevators downstairs. All in all, a decent karaoke bar but certainly not the best. Could be worse - could be better!
It was a lot of fun I really enjoyed it. It was a little tedious to search through the books for the songs but the trick is to list up all the songs that you can before time runs out.
I must admit I genuinely had a decent time the only time I've been here.  However, it wasn't because of the karaoke itself, the drinks, or the price.  Well, partially due to the drinks, and here is why. First off, if I ever do karaoke, it is always going to be at a KTown place.  I'm just more familiar with them and have had countless great nights.  So one night a friend was in town and had the urge to sing so U2 was default due to the proximity.  They have sing and drink specials, however it can get confusing.  I'm not really sure exactly what we ended up with, but we got an hour of singing in a room, with and 2 drinks "you call it" for around $20 total.  Not exactly a "deal", but we weren't in any position negotiate.  The true meat of the story comes from this exchange when we were already situated in our room and the server asked for each of our drink orders...and it goes...a little....something...like this: Server: What would you like to drink? Guest1: Vodka soda. Guest2: What kind of whiskey do you have? Server: House. Guest2: House?  What's the house whiskey? Server: Bottom. Guest2: Bottom?  I've never heard of that... Server: Bottom shelf.  It's the lowest of the low. Guest2: Oh....it doesn't even have a name huh... Server: I'm not sure.  It probably does. Guest2: Um...ok...well I'll have that on the rocks then. Me: Do you have Tequila? Server: Yes. Me: Lemme guess....bottom of the bottom? Server: Yes. Me: ugh...I'll have the whiskey on the rocks as well. Server: Ok.  That's bottom shelf as well. Me: Yeah, so I've heard. So they obviously don't have a full bar.  For our second round, we all decided to get Soju shots.  The soju is probably their "highest end" liquor. If you're solely into singing for karaoke, it's not so bad.  If you want to sing and drink, there are better options.  Who wouldn't want to sing and drink is the question?
U2 is a promising new karaoke spot on St. Mark's Place. It's an alternative to Sing Sing, on the same block. Their main room is attractive, with plush seating and a lightly-stocked bar with basic amenities like beer and house wines. Now-ubiquitous flatscreens display the song of the moment. Our group rented a room for an hour, at a flat $8/person rate. It was the first time I've seen fancy lighting in a karaoke room, where dance lights pulse to the beat to whatever song we were belting out. The karaoke system is in Korean (friendly staff briefed us on how to use it) with songs in Korean and English (maybe other languages). It was a bit chilly in the room, but after dancing and screaming into a microphone for about 10 minutes, we warmed up. When we got thirsty, we got bottles of water ($1/each). While it would be nice if U2 offered food, with all the cheap eateries right across the street, I see why they don't. (UPDATE: They've got food now!)
I know.  An Asian reviewing a karaoke place. But listen, look at all things I don't like: *boba tea *manga *volleyball *johnnie walker black blue red *bananas, not so much *chicken feet but i do like- *maths *and long division *dog(s) *dance dance revolution *ninjas *classical piano and... *karaoke. Or NRB in Korean. NRB stands for Noe Rae Bang. Bang means room. Noe rae means song. No-Rae-Bang. Phonetically it's pronounced "Nho-Rae-BHONG" not bang bang you're dead. Seriously, write that down and impress your Korean friends. The owners of U2 may have been unaware of Bono's band but they will bow to some legalese: the actual NRB videos. Rarely do you see the actual artist video accompanying that song you're singing. That is why "Knocking on Heaven's Door" is "in the style" of Guns & Roses and why instead of Axl, you see a hapless but strikingly handsome open shirt actor blind dancing in the rain, sensually of course, draped over his Hyundai motorcycle grieving that he is in fact not the son of a diplomat but that his real mother is actually, gasp, the housekeeper who sells kimchi at the penny market. And that his dad is a peg leg fisherman. And his girlfriend is his half-sister. In other words there is no correlation between song and video. Sing Sing is the neighborhood default NRB on St. Marks. It has been for a very long time, and U2 is the shiny sleek competitor. Both spots charge $8 per person to my knowledge (on an empty Sunday evening). There are however notable differences. Sing Sing: - average to above average song selection. - most rooms are the size of a newspaper kiosk or a small food truck. - waits are inevitable. saturday nights = sixty minutes.of.your.life. - but there is japanese beer. - ...and public singing at the bar. jolly drunk people will sing along to your dollar song. U2. - the rooms are big and SPOTLESSLY CLEAN. if Sing Sing was a worn down Trader Joe's, U2 is like the immaculate Whole Foods in Tribeca. - there is also a bar. a shinier, sleeker, silver rocket inspired bar. - neither remote nor mike nor plether sofa nor song book had any sticky residue because they were all new. - the flat panel screen is big, pretty, and hi-tech looking. i'm not big on electronics but I'd guess a 2009 manufacture date. the NRB system is from korea because all the buttons were in korean and we had to call the attendant (very attentive) to explain and fix things. - the song selection may be perceived as "weak" because they may only have one Ke$ha, Bieber, Miley Cyrus song..etc whatever kids listen to these days. however, if you like songs before 2004 you are in luck my friend! Net net, it depends on preference. Me, I will compromise on two vs. five Lady Gaga songs if it means the bathroom is spotless (which it was) and I want to sing in a Coors Light inspired disco ball. Hopes U2 likes! (Hope you like it)
Our last stop on the 2nd day food-crawl. We needed some karaoke to burn our calories!!!   Once u stepped out from the elevator on the 3rd floor, you're immediately greeted by a guy who quickly showed you a room for u to sing. There was ladies dancing in the "waiting room", not sure if that supposed to work as a dance floor, but apparently it was since there was some disco light going on as well. With hourly flat rate of $8/pp, you just need to keep an eye on your watch. I luv the button to ring for service in the room, made everything more convenient. The most surprising thing was the fancy lighting that usually made me dizzy seemed to work with the beat of of the song, so after awhile, my dizzyness disappear as well. I luve it. Plenty of space between the tv and the sofa, made things easier for us to dance to the tunes, such as YMCA and the Nobody song, plus they have "Party in the USA" by Miley Cyrus, woohoo!!! oh yeah, I sang that!!! We ordered bottled water for $1/each and sodas were just $2/each. Totally not bad at all. I would definitely come back here if I'm in NY and in need to sing out loud in privacy.
Since Sing Sing wasn't open at 3 pm on a Saturday, they directed us across the street to U2 Karaoke. Apparently they had only recently opened, which probably attested to the weird signs in the bathroom (do not throw toilet paper in the toilet...) and the antiseptic smell that permeated the lobby area. But, the space itself was pretty cool - a lounge feel that was more upscale than the usual karaoke bar. Our room was really nice - clean, pretty upholstery on the wraparound couch, our own private light show and new screens and equipment. Not to mention a giant book full of songs. I sang*, I drank soju, and I sang some more.** It's a little pricier than Sing Sing, a 2-hour run with your 3 other friends will run you $94 (inc the soju). However, they were super courteous, very accommodating and didn't seem to mind that we kept adding time to our initial requested stay. *song of the afternoon - Immigrant Song by Led Zeppelin sung by yours truly. ** there might have been some Queen and Bee Gees as well. Ahem.
The first question you'll ask yourself will be, "HOW MANY FREAKIN' FLOORS ARE THERE?!" The second question will be, "Where are these awesome lights coming from?!" The third question will be, "GIVE ME THAT SONG BOOK!" Oh wait. That's not a question. I took off a star because you can't sing Oldies and Current songs on the same system. The guy told me that if I wanted to change to oldies I would have to call him. Yeah, and waste 3 minutes of my song singing time? No thanks, Korean! If you love singing Somebody to Love, Halo, Take On Me, I Wanna Dance with Somebody, Nobody Knows, one right after another in a room where the lights will give you an epileptic seizure, this is dee place to goe!
It's karaoke.  BYOB.  I do not know the exact price, but an hour with 6 people was $11 per person.  There were a million billion songs in the books.  I like variety, but man, it was hard to find what songs to sing!   There needs to be one more book.  CROWD FAVORITES.  Everyone really only sings the same few songs, so why not have that book?
We went here last night because we heard about the 8 dollar per person per hour price, which is good as shit, right? Song selection in English was great, but I was surprised there were not any Japanese, Chinese or Korean songs. There was like 4 spanish songs. Kinda weird considering the diversity among karaoke goers. When we went to pay, each person wants to cover their own share, and most of us have card only because hi, it is easier to cut off a card and file a dispute than it is to recover stolen cash (THATS MY PURSE I DONT KNOW YOU) Dude was all: ONLY 2 CREDIT CARDS CAN BE USED PER CHECK, STORE POLICY oh really? -because he didnt fill us in on that policy when he went over a laundry list of how their pricing is and how the rooms work -no signs were displayed either, anywhere -also they dont have flavored soju cocktails so they suck for that anyways, because wtf kind of noraebang doesnt have that? I have been spoiled by the better ones I have been to, this place was such a letdown.
Everything looks so cool and trendy. The song books are huge. The rooms are cozy and lights are flashing everywhere. And then you get a headache from the repetitive light motions. And you realize the reason why the books are huge is this: there are 5-10 versions of the same song, and some versions aren't karaoke; they're just music videos with the voices that you can't even take out. They have a lot of songs, but none of the popular songs that we wanted. My suggestions: 1. Properly organize the Chinese book by Artist, not Title. By the time I found the songs I wanted, we were leaving already. 2. Have a "New Songs" list, much like the one at Duet. 3. Get some new songs. 4. Get rid of your extraneous selections, i.e. useless videos with no words and voices you can't take out. 5. Offer food. Hello? Also, $8/hr/person is not worth it for this. I'm going back to Duet for the marathon.
Go here if you miss shady nights in the electrifying streets of glittering Seoul in the R.O.K....or if you haven't been anywhere, but want to see what REAL karaoke is all about. Just FYI, REAL karaoke sometimes isn't about crowding 60 horrible singers into a 10x10 space while 2 people sing Bohemian Rhapsody and Total Eclipse of the Heart and out of tune everyone else sits there and laughs and takes Facebook pictures and gets tanked...it's about going with an intimate group of friends and being kind of quiet while each person gives it their all into the mic...oh yeah, and everyone gets tanked. No photos. Just blurry memories like the bittersweet fadeout of an 80s song. Without going to many other places, I've already decided that this is the only place worth going when you just don't feel like watching an eyepatched gangster in Chinatown (ahem, WINNIE'S) singing "Secret 'Asian' Man." $8 per person per hour for a private room (no minimum attendance so long as there is availability), then an 18% gratuity on anything you order to the room (but no minimum order required)! You'd have to pay a tip anyway, so the auto-added gratuity is actually a relief, especially for drrrunken rock stars. This magical haven of non-ironic Asian-ness will knock your socks off instantly, whether you enter from the elevator in the front or accidentally through a bluelit stairway in the back that connects to a beautifully empty bar (must visit next time) downstairs. The staff is all young and all Korean. Not Korean-American, not "FOB", KOREAN - it's their edgy hair that makes them spookily authentic. This means that they are there to serve you quickly and vigilantly with genuine smiles between bouts of snobbish aloofness that perversely make you feel like a V-I-P. First, they seat you out on plush white couches in the main room while you wait for your private room (where there is free-for-all karaoke under intense,spinning ultraviolet lights). All along, they use clunky old calculators to add up stuff on your tab as you start pounding the liquor. The private rooms are SWEET; fully equipped with an exhaustive songlist (including the hard to find "Edge of Seventeen" by Stevie Nicks and up-to-the-millisecond horror pop selections such as "Your Love is My Drug" by Ke$ha). The microphones have plenty of reverb to convince you that you ARE Whitney Houston, and the speakers are deafening unless you turn them down. Bottles of plain soju are $16 each. Quite a markup from the motherland, where you can walk into any convenience store and bag one for 90 cents and howl at the light pollution in the sky, but here in Manhattan, it's the cheapest way to get buzzed as fuck and sing until you go as hoarse as Marge Simpson or Lindsay Lohan. We spent two rock solid hours in our room, then stumbled out in to the main room where a bunch of drunken Asian-American Californians, in their signature egocentric way, were paying tribute to themselves and their home state by playing ANY song that had the word "California" in it. Awesomely apropos. Even one excessive bottle of soju later, my party of three paid a total of $112, and that's including the tippity tip. So GO. Don't assume that it's expensive unless you bring 50 people. Just mix the soju with the orange soda, and you will enjoy this trip with impunity.
We had sooo much fun here on Black Friday, that I feel bad that I waited more than a month to post this review! Alas, here I am! Price: Great! Atmosphere: Amazing Equipment: So-So Song Selection: Cool. They could expand to a newer selection! But, it seems that they do try to. Staff: Nice and helpful! Will come back here in the future!
I only gave out 2 GOOD stars because: 1) For the rooms /  floors they have available, convenient in the city. 2) for the nice spacious room with 2 descent big flat screen TV's with Laser / lights all over around. NOT GOOD: - Selection of song SUCKS! (most of them are oldies) - 2 different systems (HOW CONFUSING). IF you don't find a particular song, they might be on the other system (with particular animation dancing on the background).   - Song book is HELLA CONFUSING.  Chinese songs were old too!, Not a lot of spanish.  So what do you have?????? - No food???????? - Some of them are regular videos that cannot cut the singer out! (meaning that you and the video song is singing together.... LAME!!!) - Futnitures (Sofa) is not as comfy as other places. $ 8.00 / Song Per Person is everywhere, but if you don' t have what we want, then It's NOT WORTH IT!.
My friends and I were strolling through St. Marks one day when we came upon this place that looked like they were just finishing construction. Being the karaoke fiends that we are, the "20 minute free microphone test" (basically 20 minutes of free karaoke) drew us in immediately. They layout reminds me a lot of Duet 35, only the decor is a little more "trendy". The room that we got had strobe lights and tiny, colorful, dots of light (I'm sure there's a technical term for this?) that would spin around the room when your song started. I foresee this being an awesomely bad sensory issue after a long night of drinking and singing. The song selection was comparable to Chorus (they also have the same "scoring system" in place), but I didn't like the fact that they combined the Korean version of the song book with the English ones. They gave us two books, but it was such a hassle flipping all the way to the end just to get the American songs. As always, expect goofy, unrelated, and often disturbing videos playing in the background white your song plays. I find them highly amusing. We got our 20 minute karaoke fix (make sure you watch your free time limit, they will start to offer you drinks and snacks so don't get distracted!), got some more coupons and promotional items (take the business cards because they have a 20% off coupon on the back, and the fliers for "1hr free for using karaoke for over 2 hours" are good up to 30 days after the grand opening!), and went on our way. There were only 2 staff members there at the time, but to be fair it was only 2 o'clock in the afternoon, not exactly peak traffic hours. We were also the only customers there at the moment it seemed.
Saying I go to sing karaoke a lot would be a gross understatement. And U2 karaoke is one of my all time favorite places. Heres why, Great location and its pretty cheap as karaoke goes in the city (cheaper than most Ktown karaoke spots, not quite as cheap as Japanese karaoke though). $8 per person per hour is the baseline. They have various combo deals depending on how many people are there, what time it is, what drinks you order, and so on - but so do most karaoke places. They have an amazing balcony for smokers such as myself that is right on the same floor, and for anyone who needs a little air, as it can get rather hot jumping around and singing with a lot of people. They have a bar and open karaoke section right when you get out of the elevator if you just wanna have a fun time in front of everyone. Its cool at night with steam blasters and club lights. The bar is great, and the staff is friendly. They also have so many private rooms (also a lot more on the 4th floor) of varying sizes, so you are guaranteed a room pretty quick- unless you have a big group on a weekend night- then I would really recommend reserving a room. Music selection is good. Decent American song collection, they also have recent hits that you find in the back of the books. Good Korean selection. I heard from some friends that the Japanese selection is not all that great (but you can go to a Japanese spot if thats what you value the most). Theres two cons I can think of. 1) If you're paying with credit card, they charge you a fee percentage, which gets annoying especially when your bill is huge. 2) They have a weird two system karaoke thing going on if your room wants both Korean and English songs. I found that the English song system that pairs with Korean songs is not as good as the system you would get if you were only singing English songs. I hope this makes sense. (Not an issue if your group is only singing English songs.) Overall, I really recommend this place!
WAITING FOR TONIGHT OHHHHHH (all sang at the same volume) Good times with the best friends here, I'm not a huge karaoke junkie, but we came here with a reservation and they treated us well, they had new songs (Party in the USA and Fergalicious) and oldies were the theme of the evening anyway, and by oldies, I mean Backstreet Boys, pre-mama Britney and NSYNC. Minus two stars because the bathrooms were disgustingly filth, and they don't serve food on weekday nights.
Pros: 1. They have lots of rooms. Cons: 1. Pricey - they say it's $8/hour which seems okay, but then later when you get the bill, when the tax and **Pre-included** tip add up, it's a lot. 2. If you go in speaking English, they hook you up to the American karaoke songs. I mean, English is my primary language, but my friends and I still speak Korean and sing Korean songs. We had to call them in again and ask them to change it to Korean. I don't like the assuming. 3. The staff was kind of unfriendly. I had to ask for water like 5 times before I got anything. K-town has a lot more cheaper karaokes and better service.
This place is awesome; I'd never seen a karaoke joint with so many songs that I'd want to sing. The only problem is, it is quite a challenge to find the song you want, especially for Chinese songs, since none of them have pinyin, and despite being with a few Taiwanese folk, no one seemed to know how to read! Funny, how despite this being 2010, we still play karaoke with 1990 technology. But that's no fault of U2, and for a place in NYC, the price is pretty reasonable... on everything except the drinks. The bottles of soju must've been $40 or something, because despite having only ordered a few, the bill was... $270 for the 3 hours we were there. Didn't break the bank, but still a bit of a surprise. A great way to kick off NYC nightlife!
BYOB and I get to sing take on me? Yeah, 5 stars.
To end the night of "the time of my life" before my actual birthday my party of eight had an enjoyable happy ending.  Karaoke enthusiasts would have to take an elevator to the third floor which upon entering music and very advanced night club quality lighting would drown one's vibe to the microphone of decomposition.  We had a fairly good size private room for two hours.  The controls are easy to use, leather couches are comfortable as well as the air conditioning temperature.   I rate U2 Karaoke Lounge four stars as the rate is $8.00 per hour/per person on a Saturday night minus food and drinks.  There is only one stall for the women and men's facilities respectively which easily build a long-haul bread line on a busy Thursday, Friday or Saturday night.  The women's facilities lack basic amendities of toilet paper and paper towels and was not cleaned which I had to inform the staff at the bar of the lack thereof amendities.  Whatever happen to hour by the hour on the hour facility checks?  Beer and wine only as U2 is not a full-service bar. U2 has a good sound system.  The song list is comprehensive with many updated 2009 and 2010 singles, titles or albums in the industry as well as Spanish, Cantonese, Mandarin, and more.  There are some renowned Broadway and Off-Broadway musical songs such as Godspell's "Day By Day."  Some of the songs to my utter dismayal as Mariah Carey's "Dreamlover" played the official music video but without the words. U2 is a newly karaoke bar residing opposite street of rival, Sing Sing in the Village's night life on St. Mark's Place.
Note: I was really drunk so maybe this review is not accurate. After stopping at 4 other restaurants/bars, I demanded to be taken to a karaoke place to sing my heart out. I know U2 is a Korean place but hello...I'm not Korean.  Anyway, I asked the guy for the list of Chinese, English and Spanish songs instead. The room we were given was spacious, the sound quality was decent and I was pleased that they actually had real music videos for all of the songs (you know those karaoke places where they show weird 80s-90s videos of girls in bikinis or couples walking along the river in place of real music videos?).  Anyway, I was impressed that they even had the videos for songs in Chinese.  The guy who worked there (who is not Chinese) didn't know how the Chinese song list was organized.  I figured out that it was by title, but the titles weren't in order by number of strokes or pinyin.  It was pretty much impossible to find anything I wanted.  Instead, I had to squint in the dark and flip through each page to look for song titles that I recognized.  Before I knew it, I had already wasted 30 minutes. I couldn't even find my favorite Jay Chou songs. So sad.
Was here two Fridays ago to lay down the karaoke gauntlet with some really special people.  What was supposed to be a friendly competition ended up being a slaughter. Guess who came out on top???? When you pull out some Pour Some Sugar On Me and follow it up with Bohemian Rhapsody and then close it out with Rhythm of the Night, you know as well as I do that its a wrap for you. Venue was awesome.  Huge brown leather couches accommodated 13 people comfortably.  Fried chicken wings were good and the booze was comped courtesy of my best friend...who happens to be married to the owner's daughter. Oh yes, the music blasted as the drinks flowed.  The perfect storm actually.  Add to that the thunder of my voice and lightning of my two-step choreography, and you have, my friends, kamikaze karaoke. Bring it son...
I've been here twice, and both times have left in an inebriated state after some intense, if not American Idol-worthy, singing.  This place has a $22 deal for 2 hours of all you can drink, all you can sing, karaoke, which is pretty good if you're just starting out your night and want to get your buzz on, but proved unnecessary for us since it was the last stop on our journey before going home to pass out.   The private rooms are a lot of fun but they also have a song-per-drink deal if you want to stay in the bar area and serenade people as they arrive/leave.
I could sing my heart out here week in and week out. Been here twice with  my karaoke crew and we've had a great time every time. Music selection is quite vast and up to date with the latest hits. As expected of every karaoke place, the music videos in the background are sometimes off and very unrelated to the song. Each room is well kept and spacious. Seats are very comfy and I find myself making butt grooves as I spend countless hours singing my heart out. Also nice of them attentively take your order for drinks and check up on you if you need anything. Just even personally reflecting on my NYC experience, karaoke is one of the night life pinnacles and has truly shaped my experience here. Good times :)
10 Stars. Ok 5 stars. Please understand, when i say that my in-laws owns this lovely establishment. Hence the reason for the rave review. But seriously, the stars are warranted. Although a couple of minor improvements can be made, they deliver on the the things that are important in a karaoke lounge. First of all, the song selection is ridiculously long. And more importantly, they have updated R&B songs! I've never been to a Karaoke joint that had Musiq Soulchild, Avant, Dave Hollister, Joe, & Chico Debarge in the song book. I must have overdosed one night on the R&B tracks. Drop the song book on someone's foot, and they're done for. Secondly, the technology with regards to the karaoke equipment, mic, sound system, & lights cannot be rivaled. Quality Quality Quality. Thirdly, the space is KICK-ASS! 3 floors with 21 differently designed private rooms. This has got to be the biggest Karaoke lounge in New York City! And don't worry, U2 opened only but 2 months ago. So the full-on top shelf bar is coming shortly and full food menu will be completed. FYI- i usually perform on Sundays at 6pm. ....make sure you catch a free show before tickets go on sale.
I cannot sing for my life but I oblige when the birthday friend chooses to go.  English songs are listed in 2 albums arranged either by Artist or Title.  They also books for Korean and Chinese songs.  Sound can be adjusted to wickedly loud.  Simple keyboard with clear, skip, and enter buttons. Going rate is $10 a head per hour.  Room was clean and spacious.  TV was a 32" screen I think.  I just can't figure out why we had to cram 9 heads into a room meant to seat 6 and had only an extra chair to show for it.  Good idea to ask for extra chairs if they have.  Sitting in one of the two the corners on top of the barely cushioned ottoman isn't that fun.
Went last saturday night with a group of 10, got a room (last time we didn't but was still fun..and sang our hearts out..def a cool spot to drink and sing..well maybe you're better off pre-gaming, as evidenced by the bill at the end of the night..yikes. Great song selections, very attentive staff, cozy & clean rooms, However we reserved a room for ten they gave us a room for 8 so it was tight. We ended up moving a table outside to make room ..Lost one star for that Lost one star for the added tip and taxes that made the $8/hour cost much more at the end. Avoid drinking there as it adds up. Tip: bring cash if you go with a group, only allowed to use two credit cards from your party. Will go again!
Newly opened with decent sized rooms, decor and furniture, U2 is priced at $8 plus gratuity per person per hour (hence, don't pack 10 of your friends into a room). There are two different karaoke systems that you can choose from. Just buzz the staff and they'll switch systems on request. One system that looked like it had more English songs actually had many different versions of the same song, and some of the choices were just MVs with no karaoke! It'd be helpful to mark the choices with no karaoke, or better yet, have them removed altogether (this is a karaoke lounge!). The other criticism would be the elevator, which fits about 8 people comfortably, but arrived packed when we were heading out (U2 is on the 3rd Fl). We opted for the elevators which the staff was courteous enough to proceed down before us to open the door. The second floor and stairwell are under construction and had no lighting!
Had so much fun with my friends at this karaoke joint! Their music selection is huge, and they have songs in different languages as well. The karaoke rooms are superb with lighting that matches the song :) Pretty neat! Really fun vibe. I love that I can just sing my heart out in front of my friends, and just let it all out lol! Just kinda wish they served more types of alcohol and food. 4****
This is a review for the BAR area of this place, not the smaller rooms, which I haven't been inside. We had eaten and drank before getting there so I don't have anything to say about the food and drinks. I was here for a friend's birthday party. At around 10, it was more or less empty except for us. That was the plan, since it's $2 bucks a song rather than $8/person/hour, and people who don't want to sing as much can be there without getting screwed. Over the night, the place actually got reasonably crowded, and I imagine that people intent on singing more would be annoyed at the long waits. Some of these people were around just for the bar like us, but I think most were just waiting on a private room to open up. Now the karaoke: Props: - Their song selection is decent, and I didn't have any problems finding songs from the last couple years. I'm not sure if they have Asian songs, but presumably there should. - The laser show, though kitschy, was surprisingly fun. As was the fog machine. - The one guy who was actually a decent singer for giving our ears some rest. - Random (presumably NYU) students showed up in funky garb and masks at some point and improvised some dance accompaniment. They got a little touchy-feely at one point, but perhaps that's a pro for some? Slops: - The karaoke setup is kind of ghetto. The songs are often just the lyrics and sometimes seem to be MIDI versions. Sometimes the accompaniment is too loud and drowns out your singing. Definitely not the proper instrumental versions of songs the better places have. - The acoustics of the room make it really hard to hear yourself, so if you're there to actually sing, consider a private room. - 20-30 minute waits between songs later in the evening. - It's a public room, but why sing terrible, LONG songs nobody in the place has heard? And who goes karaoke-ing alone? Guy, you are not gonna pick up any ladies crooning (croaking?) like that... And airhumping. Good grief... - To the couple making out in the corner: Alright, less creepy guy, you impressed your date. Now stop grabbing her ass and jamming your tongue down her throat and get a room!
CONS: - too many flights of stairs, with sketchy doors. - the room is randomly Victorian reminiscent of old chubby corporate dudes in suspenders, with huge iron-wrought sofas that look like they got picked up in a connecticut estate sale for 80% off. Uglyyyyyy. - the waiters were not helpful at all. EVERYTHING was in korean, and we couldn't figure anything out. - food prices were way too expensive. - the song list was sooo old and barely any new songs. Plus everything was still stored in the books, who does that nowadays? Everybody uses the screen. - The lighting changed from flashing disco flares that gave us seizures or was so dark I couldn't see the page in front of me. It was really odd and uncomfortable. - they charge $80 for a room when everybody else in K-town charges $50 for better amenities. Why go to St. Marks when you can just go to K-Town? I will from now on... Needless to say, I won't be coming back to this place or any other place like this on St. Marks, and I definitely will not be recommending to anyone. No pros, sorry.
Came here last night with 7 of my friends and thought it was just mediocre. Walking in with no reservations at around 9pm, we were able to get a room easily. I have to say that the service was pretty fast everytime we pushed the magic button by the door. The private rooms have these trippy flashing lights that were so annoying, we were getting headaches trying to read the song book. We had to ask the waiter to come in to shut them off. The room itself was pretty big for the 8 of us. Songs were not that new but still had some of the top 40.  Ordering drinks from the menu can add up fast on the bill. We had soju which was pretty strong by itself so the waiter brought us those small asian yogurt drinks and Sprite to mix it with. It tasted so much better! Also, when we told them it was hot in the room, they couldn't adjust the temperature but instead brought in a floor fan placed on top of a chair to keep us cool?? Weird! At the end of the night, you pay the bill outside... $8/per hour per person. While examining the bill they charged us for an extra bottle of wine which was pretty annoying to have to point out to them. Also, if you pay with your credit card, they have to tax you. So remember to bring cash. If I'm in the area, maybe I would consider going back again... but I wouldn't purposely make a trip down here. TIP: For smokers, on the 3rd floor they have a balcony that you can smoke at instead of going all the way downstairs.
Disappointed in their new song selection. And when we got here late on a Tues nite, we couldn't order alcohol.  SAved us money, but a downside overall. Also, went there again on a weekend recently, and they did NOT serve alcohol then either.  That is weak sauce.
I really wanted to give this place a better review but.... The karaoke selection was messed up. The vocals were non-existant even after I informed the staff. Half of the 80s songs were redone and remixed of some sort. We could barely even sing along because the tone was so off key in the new versions. The room charges for $10 an hour pp was a little crazy. Drinks were expensive. On a positive note, the rooms were nicely decorated with comfortable couches, and the rooms were big and spacious and clean.
Ok, so the good parts of this place. Nice decor, comfy rooms, and a balcony with a view over st marks(for those of you who still keep that silly little habit).   The rest of the experience here basically flatlined. I found the english selections of songs to be extremely limited in terms of choices. And while they do list a majority of popular pop songs from the 90s to early 2000's, they don't nearly have as much of the current pop songs as say sing sing across the street. I cannot comment on the chinese, korean, or japanese song selection as I have no ability to sing them and niether can any of my friends, so that might make this review a little biased as well. To make things worse, you can only search for songs alphabetically by song name. Honestly, I cannot remember the exact name of all the songs I like but I can tell you who sings them. Not being able to search by artist seems ridiculous for a brand new place IMO. I was happy to see a new ktv place open on st marks, but this one definitely feel short of my expectations. A cookie cutter ktv lounge with no innovation or imagination. I would probably not visit this place again. Note: I don't believe they have a full bar yet, but they do serve a limited selection of bottle beer.
BYOB KARAOKE! this place won me over with that alone. with a liquor shop nearby, grocery shop for juice and we even got pomme frites nearby too and next thing we knew we finished 3 handles in 3 hours lol. price comes out to 11-12 a person per hour including tax and gratuity. the room is clean comfortable and I had a really go time here. music was a little dated from over half a year ago but the classics are there and once you consume enough alcohol any music seems like the right music. i went on a saturday around 5ish and it was pretty empty so we didn't have a problem getting a room. would come here again if anyone is in the mood for cheap fun karaoke. located perfectly in st.marks. i approve. don't forget BYOB so have fun here
A really nice alternate to the perpetually crowded Sing Sing across the street. The rooms are really nice and the song selections are varied and solid. Decent price at $8 per person per hour and the place is very clean. Definitely a place you should drag all your friends if you are looking for a nice evening of song and drink. I've only been to here two times and it is easily in my mind better then Sing Sing, Karaoke Duets, or any other karaoke place you frequent. It is the place to karaoke in the city. If you are a fan of karaoke this is the place you want to go.
Cleanest karaoke joint I've ever been to. The $10/person/hour rate is very reasonable, and most rooms will seat 6-8 people comfortably. If you look like a non-Korean they will turn on the disappointing English karaoke system (the same one they use outside in the bar area) for your room. Insist on the Korean machine and just learn how to use it. They have the "HD" version of the Ziller karaoke software and it all looks very smart. I noticed that people were complaining about lack of English song availability in the Korean machine, and I agree that if you're looking for a comprehensive selection of very modern English pop songs, maybe you should go with the English machine. But I mean, the Korean machine has all the important Lady Gaga songs as well as TLC - No Scrubs. What else do you need? Suggest getting liquored up beforehand, since drinks are fairly expensive at the bar. But hey, at least there's a bar. More than I can say about most of my Bay Area karaoke haunts. One problem, which doesn't affect this rating, is that sometimes the mikes from different rooms interfere with each other. In that case, just buzz the staff over (there's a little doorbell on your table.) They can fix it real quick by changing the channel on your mike. P.S. I read some of the other reviews on this right hand side.. I won't name names, but: you should not review a place based on its 'sketchy doors' (how do you get on the subway then?), how many stairs you have to climb to get there (really? Do you weigh 400lbs or something?)... and if you are coming to a Korean karaoke place and complain about things being in Korean, I'm really not sure what you're expecting. Finally, bummer about the price gouging. That's sketchy and dishonest. Even with karaoke places you trust, make sure to agree on the price beforehand.
First off, I want to be the first to say that quite a few of the older reviews for this place are out of date - U2 is now under new management, has been cleaned up and modernized completely, and doesn't offer food or alcohol anymore. You can still bring your own drinks, but nothing alcoholic is permitted on the premises until they get a proper liquor license. It's for this exact reason that we chose it, too - my party and I were going to originally go to Sing Sing across the street, but one of our friends lost her ID and they were extremely adamant that proper ID was required, despite the fact that she wasn't drinking, so they lost our business and we hopped on over to U2 instead. With that said, it's a complete paradise for sing stars with crazy taste, and their song books include entire discographies for pop groups, country stars, Asian idols, and indie rock alike. The rooms are cozy, comfortable, and super trendy, and unlike a lot of other karaoke places I've been to they also offer a call button that rings the staff if you ever need any assistance, which means never having to leave the confines of your room. (And at $10 per person/hour, trust me, every second counts.) The English songs don't come with music videos of any kind, which is a bit outdated all things considering, but the Korean/Japanese hits are all stocked with background videos from relatively recent songs which makes it a go-to place for anyone with asian musical taste. The staff is very friendly and consistently came by to check in on us to make sure that we didn't need anything, as well as helping us silly Americans figure out the Korean song system when a few of our party members became dead-set on singing in Japanese for the rest of the night. All in all, U2 gave us a great time and is now my go-to place for livening up a night!
I am a singing (and rapping, as it turns out) fool.  Therefore, I love karaoke. In theory, U2 Karaoke is perfect.  Clean rooms, great song selection, filtered mics that make your voice sound professional and clear. The downside?  On a Saturday afternoon, after singing (and rapping, as it turns out) with the husband and a dear friend for a few moments, we realized that we were dying from heat exhaustion.  Air conditioning is essential in the summer...and to make my beautiful instrument as clear and gorgeous as possible (my voice, obviously). U2 is a hot place (both literally and figuratively), and I highly recommend it.
love the sound system here.  Hope they get their liquor license back! the rooms are clean and the song selection is just what i need. def one of the better karaoke places in the city in my opinion.  (coming from someone who does not come from a karaoke riche culture :)
U2 Karaoke saved our Birthday party. I'd made reservations for Karaoke Sing Sing on Ave A and was severely, severely, disappointed in their poor customer service. Long story short, my entire party of 15 up and walked out the door in anger, and trekked 4 avenues over to this place on St. Marks. Coming out of the elevator on the 3rd floor, the doors opened to a black-lit bar area and lounge with people singing karaoke to a room filled with smoke from a fog machine. It was amazing; I would love to try singing at this epic main area some day. However, my group and I were able to get a private room at 10: p.m. with absolutely no trouble at all. The rooms were super clean, the service very nice and courteous, and we were even able to light the candles on the cake we brought and eat it too. Our bill was a little pricey ($350 for 10 shots, $8/pp/hour, + gratuity, so about $21 each on average), but after the fiasco at Karaoke Sing Sing in Alphabet City, i think we were all relieved. And it turned out to be the best time anyone had had at karaoke...ever.  Minus one star because the song books are confusing and songs that can be found on one book, can't be found on others. Also, certain lights were not working in our room.
I love karaoke so much, my fiance bought me my own karaoke machine to have at home. U2 is what started it all. It's the karaoke spot I go to again and again. $8 an hour per person per hour, for a private room is not bad at all. The rooms are super clean and sometimes, they even put this paper like guard on the mics which I really appreciate since lord knows what drunken new yorker had his mouth all over it the night before. The service is consistently awesome and the light effects make me feel like a rockstar. The ONLY reason they don't get 5 stars with all this love I'm throwin at them is because: they don't always serve cocktails (I hate beer and I think I remember one guy telling me they only do cocktails on weekends) and the "food selection" leaves a lot to be desired. Once they step it up, I'll make weekly visits..... cause I don't have those cool lights in my house.... yet....
Ready for some fun with friend, get ready to sing your heart out to a great list of karaoke songs. They have really nice private rooms here with very attentive room service for drinks or any other concerns you may have. A room will run you about $10 per hour per a person which isn't too bad at all. It is so much fun here, my friends and I intended on staying for an hour but end up staying for two, time really does fly when your having fun.
I am a fan. The sound system is new, you can tell by the harmonizing background vocals in the music track. Even the decor had more of a modern feel. They have a bar area, so you can order drinks from the bar or add the tab to your private room (which are charged by the hour). There is a smoking section hidden behind the bar past the stairwell. I would definitely come back here...
Second time visiting.  Thought the first time was better because I didn't have to pay!  This time, we had a birthday celebration for the wife.  I had booked a 10:30 reservation for 12 on a Saturday nite but after some cancellations from our original party, we had only 6 and arrived almost 45mins later.  They still accommodated us with no problems.  I didn't know how busy they were.  We got a small room for 6 people.  The selection of songs are quite huge.  They pretty much had every popular song that I can think of including Chinese and Spanish songs!  The drink selection isn't much but we ordered two rounds of beers.  The only strange thing was that one of the waiters/workers came in randomly twice during our singing session to check on some stuff but other than that, we had a good time. I'm not much into karaoke but the wife wanted it so I did it.  I got bored after an hour or so.  We stayed for 2 hrs.  I think it's better when you have a larger group but I still had fun.  The prices are decent, place is clean and people working there are friendly.  The place from the outside is a bit hidden as I almost passed it walking on St. Marks.  It's right next to a Tofu Korean type restaurant.  It probably will be a while before I have an urge (if even that) for another nite of Karaoke singing!
Why lie and say on your website  that you charge $8 an hour, when you arbitrarily fix the price at $11/hr. Don't lie and try to rip us off thank you! I've come to realize nothing is free in New York, but nothing should be overcharged for no reason. 2 hours, $22 dollars to sing? I get that it was empty and it was weeknight, but please don't rip us off AND cut the night short 15 minutes! Tip: They're really strict on time, as of I've heard multiple times, so time yourselves as you go into the room. Don't go with too big of a group or they'll randomly price you. The spot is super convenient for downtown, but cheap places like k-town offer cheaper prices and the same song selection.
Well, having popped my karaoke cherry at this place last night, I have to say I had a good time. The guy at the bar was friendly and our private room as well as the restroom was clean. Didn't have to wait for our room at all and didn't have a reservation. Loved the lighting & futuristic look of the place too. My main gripes are that sometimes the accompaniment is too loud on a song and drowns out your singing. That did NOT bode well when I was singing "My Humps". Can't a girl sing about her lovely lady lumps without being drowned out? Geez. My friend's mic kept giving horrible feedback. That sucked when we were trying to sing a duet *cough* "Ebony & Ivory" *cough*. So had to get it replaced. The room we were in was FREEZING too! Wassup with that??? We didn't order food/drinks cuz we were pretty full & slightly wasted when we got there, but all in all I had a fun time and would go back.
I love to karaoke, and while in NYC one night, we've decided to just sing our hearts out. So, we came to U2 Karaoke. The front is more updated than the rooms. There aren't any music videos that comes along with the songs! Nor were there much new song selections, but my company definitely made the night fun! :)
U2 is my favorite karaoke place in the city.  I've been here a couple of times.  Once I came with a group of friends without a reservation, so we had to wait a little bit - maybe about 30 minutes, but the private room was very nice and clean.  LOVE IT. Most recently, I hosted a bachelorette party here and I called ahead to reserve a room.  Here's the deal - if you pay a $50 upfront deposit, you are guaranteed a room.  If you don't pay the deposit, they take your name down, but the party with a deposit gets priority.  Since I knew that I was definitely having the party there, I put the deposit down and when we got there, it was SO WORTH IT.  They gave us this really nice room on the 3rd floor with cushy couches and two tv screens.  The deposit gets deducted from your final bill anyway, so it is actually a great way for them to make sure that people who make reservations actually show up. Anyway - U2 has a great song selection and a fun atmosphere.  Most importantly, it's a very clean place!!  Prices are very reasonable.  I'm a fan!
Clean, cool, comfy atmosphere? Check. Attentive service? Check. Loud-ass sound system to make even the most tone-deaf of your party sound like Christina Aguilera? Check. Good times!
I loved the decor and the vibes of the place itself. And the song selection was pretty decent and up-to-date (oh hey Glee songs!). But there were two things about this place that were rather unpleasant: 1) The staff. Every time I stepped out of the room, I got a jeer from the woman working there. And, by the end of the night, it suddenly got incredibly hot; we concluded that they were trying to passively aggressively kick us out (which was silly. we were completely pleasant). 2) The fact that they "don't serve tap water." My boyfriend had gotten me a humongous Long Island ($12?), which, while was good, I needed a break from the alcohol, so I was looking for some good old water. Which they apparently did not have....(how does that work?). Maybe the staff just didn't like us, but WHO DOESN'T SERVE TAP WATER? And even if they didn't like us, why would you deny your patrons tap water? So strange. Probably wouldn't come here again unless I am in St. Marks and craving some karaoke, and can't be bothered to make the trek to Chinatown or Ktown. As a heads up, I'd stay away from the disco lights. Very stressful.
Being the procrastinator that I am, I waited til the last minute to organize a karaoke event for a bunch of friends 2 weekends ago. I called Sing Sing but they were booked until 2 am on a Saturday night so I decided to check U2 across the street to see if they had anything available for a group of 14 around 11 pm on a Sat. A girl with a British accent picked up and happily made a reservation for all of us the next day! I think she was supposed to take down a deposit but I guess she forgot since she didn't mention it so even better lol. The next day I called to confirm the reservation and managed to get there a few mins early to check out the room to make sure it was large enough to accommodate everyone. The girl who checked me in at the door was very nice and said I could switch to another room if it wasn't up to par. When I reached the 4th floor via dark stairs and found the room, I was disgusted by the ugly brown Victorian couches against orange walls with extra fold out chairs lined along them. I hope all the rooms are different colors because ours was ugly and the couches and chairs were beyond uncomfortable (I had a few complaints from my friends about getting pancake butt from their chairs). BUT in spite of the poor decor, everything else was fabulous! And when I say everything I mean everything from the Korean popstar concierge, to the guy who ran down the hall to take our drink orders, to the English song system and lights in our room and cleanliness of the bathrooms!!! The Koreans who handled my reservation were very customer service oriented and patient, didnt give me or any of my friends attitude or problems with the check (bc we took forever to figure out the tab) and thanked us for coming on our way out. I seriously love those Korean guys! I wanted to give U2 five stars but the furniture is uncomfortable after a few hours of karaoke. oh and the songs are listed by title rather than artist in the books so that was another factor. But all in all, I highly recommend U2 to everyone reading this! and I'll definitely be back! =)
After a very crazy, pricey experience at Japas 38, I did a lot of research for my bf's bday karaoke this year. Yes, U2 is also pricey, but two things make it superior: 1) If you have 20 people or more, they charge you by the hour, not PER PERSON per hour ($160). 2) They don't make you run a drink tab, which can stick you bigtime if a lot of people come and go over the course of the night. You have your own personal bartender and no wait! The rooms are great, very clean and spacious, and the host will escort you to yours like you are some sort of singing royalty (they haven't heard my version of "Push It," obviously). The books are good, though if you like the newest of new you might be missing out. However our group likes its standards and that makes it wonderful. We had a blast, we were left to do what we came to do and had plenty of alcohol when it was needed. Will return here year after year, until we are too old to make it up the staircase to the 5th floor!
This place is cheap, but you get what you pay for. We went on a Friday night and all the private rooms were empty. The machine wouldn't work at first, and we had to get the staff to start it up. Everything in the room, including the karaoke system, seemed really cheap, but it didn't stop us from enjoying ourselves. But the real kicker is their credit card policy. They only let you split the bill between two credit cards!! Never have I been to a noraebang that refused to charge the bill to everyone's credit cards...seriously, who pays for noraebang with cash, especially when you're in a group?? They tried to pass it off as "store policy," but what kind of dumbass policy is that?
Everything was great Drums, tambourines, the songs. I had a party of 15 from 1am until 3am on a thursday. I put down a $50 down payment on reservations. The room was comfortable. The lights were great. They are not constantly going into your room, unless you call them or he needs a head count.
Just  okay! We got here and there was no one at the front to greet us.  We only waited a couple mins, but really?  Apparently there was only one guy working at that time.  So I get it. Once we got our room (kind of small) we wanted to order some drinks.  Again, the guy was missing, no where to be found.  So while my friend waited at the bar, I went outside looking for him.  Found him smoking on the balcony.  So we order our drinks, sake bomb pitcher and a bottle of wine.  He brings us our order and he forgets the cups for our sake bombs.  We ended up having to back to the bar for some.  By that time there were more people working so we didn't have to go searching for someone to help us. Probably wouldn't go there again unless I am dragged there.  My friend suggested Sing Sing, next time we're going there.  But, I heard they're owned by the same guy. Oh, one last thing. NOT a full bar.  They only sell beer and wine.
huuuuge selection of songs and priced at $8/person/hr. not sure how many bottles of soju we ordered (considering that I passed out before the second hour...) but our tab came out to be a whopping $300ish for 5 of us... we sang in English, Mandarin, Korean, maybe Japanese unless I was hallucinating by then...
Went here for a birthday party organized by a friend. The phone reservation guy pulled a classic bait and switch. We were promised a room for 15-20, and told BYOB for food and liquor. We show up, they are confused about where to put us. They stick us in a gigantic room (so they can charge us more), and then tell us absolutely no BYOB. They then 'relent' and tell us only beer and wine, search the entire pile for hard liquor, and insist we each also buy a drink. Uh, thanks fellas, but it's a not doing us a favor if we were promised a specific set of conditions then you change it up on the spot. Plus, the guys acted like we were hassling them the entire time, when we were polite and acquiesced to everything they asked for. I call BS. No way was this a one time confusion, I'm certain it must happen to others. Then they card everyone as they enter our room. If you're going to card, do it at the freaking front door. No BYOB! But it is written in nearly every Yelp review and the man on the phone confirmed it. BS. Save yourself the trouble, folks.
I went with a date over the weekend the U2, because we both LOVE karaoke.  We first stopped at SING SING across the street and left because of all the college kids and noise.  It was a turn off.  We Immediately decided to try U2 and we were SOOOO glad we did!!  When we first walked inside, and down the long halway, it was strange because we didn't know what the deal was.  Just an elevator at the end of the hall.  We took it up and it opened to a smiling, friendly girl who greeted us and we asked her how everything works with price and she was happy to give us the full rundown.  The only thing was that, since they are a new operation, as of the time of this review, they do not have a full bar.  Only beer, wine and soda.  But I am sure that will change.  On the weekends, the price per room was $24 per 2-3pp/hr.  That seemed pretty good to us.  But the time goes too fast!!!  If you don't want to do a room, you can stay in the lounge area and sing songs for $2.00 each. It's a lot fun to watch people that way.  There was some incredible talent there that night!!   The call-for-service button was nice and they came right away every time :-) The song selection is very good, not excellent. Between me and my friend, we both couldn't find at least 2 songs each that we really wanted to sing, that we have sang elsewhere.  But, besides that, the Sound system is phenomenal and it makes the best out of your voice.  The rooms are comfortable and like others have said, just spacious enough.  It made for an intimate setting without feeling cramped or stuffy.  I liked the laser light show that went along with some of the songs!! Overall, U2 karaoke is everything a karaoke experience should be and the service is friendly and attentive.  You will have a great time!!
This place is dopeeee.  Nice fancy leather couches with two lcd screens on each side of the room.  Add in lights that flash to the beat of the music.  Success.  Very spacious room -- perfect for large groups.  At $8 per person per hour, its a pretty good deal for such a cool karaoke venue.
We came here as a group and they had rooms available with no wait at all... The only complaint I had was that the room was HOT! Not because all of us were totally awesome and no room can contain us all, but we were actually sweating inside. If I wanted to go to a room and sweat, I would be at a Sauna. We told the guy who works there numerous times that it was hot. He even went inside the room and felt it. Still he did nothing... We ended up leaving the door open cause it was much cooler in the hallway.
Maybe I'm used to the crazy karaoke joints.  And maybe I don't know what the karaoke scene is like in NY.  Either way, U2 was all right.  It was ridiculously busy but somehow our friends were able to get a room.  It takes a long time to get snacks and drinks but when you got that large ass remote and songs playing one after another... who really cares, right?  Well.  Its necessary to keep that buzz going to keep sounding like Mariah Carey, in my head.  Yes... I was definitely singing (screeching?) more than half the night.  At one point I thought I was going to get a seizure cuz the strobe light was going nuts.  After pressing a bunch of crap, it finally went off.  Fun times to be had.
Whoa.  The interior decor of this place is rather trippy.  The main bar area is on the 3rd floor-- requiring an elevator trip up to get to this place, which may be less than pleasant depending on the people who might be waiting in line for the elevator, and who you pray will be getting a private room.  Anyway, apparently there are a lot of private rooms.  Many of those people waiting for private rooms will mill about in the bar area while waiting for their rooms, so the wait to sing in the main bar area isn't as bad as it might first appear when you come off the elevator. The song selection was fine.  Not the greatest, not the worst.  I do remember there being a decent selection of Smiths songs, which I perhaps should refrain from trying to sing in the future.  They don't cut off Iggy Pop's The Passenger like some other places, though, so you get an extra bunch of "la la la la la la la la"s to sing, so that's a bonus. So, as a bar singer, not my favorite place.  But I've experienced worse.
Great song selection, great lights, and great furniture.  Had a ton of fun at this place, cant beat that it's open until like 6 am! The only reason I wont give it a perfect 5-star rating is because it's a bit pricey.
This place looks like the perfect place to die. Dark hallway...creepy staff...and closets to Narnia. No thanks.
Celebrated my birthday here. Had a great time, it was BYOB. absolutely amazing time. Price is really $11/hr however if u have a job, stop complaining about the price. If you know how to have a great time with good friend's it is well worth it.
cheap karaoke + byob? what more can you ask for? rooms are very clean and modern, decent amount of space, great song selection (you can choose to have the korean/american or just american song list) this place is SO much better than sing sing or any other karaoke bars in the neighborhood. - highly recommend.
Nice enough place but they didn't allow any alcohol in the rooms. The only drinks you could get were at the 3rd floor bar. Lame-o.   How can you have a quality karaoke  outing with booze to lubricate the vocal chords?
I normally never write reviews for places I have been to, but I felt it necessary to write one to warn people about the scam that is U2 Karaoke Lounge.  For my 23rd birthday, I decided to go karaoke after dinner and I was debating between Sing Sing or U2.  I went to U2 to inquire about reservations and  I was greeted by a manager who was there alone and after asking him some questions, told me that drinks will be included with the price of the room.  This appealed to me more than Sing Sing so I made a reservation. When me and my party of 15 arrived, they tried to stick us in a room that would probably only fit around 7/8 people until I asked otherwise.  Then when I told the waiter about the alcohol situation he suddenly became extremely rude and told us that whoever told me that alcohol would be included should be fired.  Then we went to seek a manager to talk about the situation and we ran into the actual manager I talked to previously.  When we brought it up he pompously told me he would never say such things and rudely accused me of making things up.  If I was alone when I made the reservations perhaps I did mishear him.  But my boyfriend and a friend was with me and both heard the exact same thing.  He finally begrudgingly told us the best he could do is give us service alongside the drinks we ordered which never happened.   We would've left and went to Sing Sing but I have already placed a deposit so we stayed and was forced to pay a 16% tip that they truly did not deserve.  I understand that U2 is a business and they want to make money but to use swindling methods in order to gain business is uncalled for.  Me and my 15 friends will not go back to this establishment ever again and I will make sure to spread the word to my friends and family to skip this crooked place.
$8/person not including tips and taxes.  Friendly staffs.  Karaoke books were sticky tonight...  Overall, alcohol+friends@ at a karaoke place results into an awesome time!
Pretty good place for karaoke as they have a pretty extensive song list in both English and Korean. Just be careful as they automatically add gratuity to your bill, so it comes out to be more than $8/person/hr. I totally did not catch this the first couple of times I was there-- kinda tricky of them since I think most people are pretty hammered by the time they leave.
Decent looking karaoke bar in St. Mark's. The drinks are relatively cheap. We sat in the main area where the bar which was more of an open mic/karaoke area.
I'm not a fan of karaoke in general but this place wasn't too bad. I personally prefer when they charge by the room and not by person since it get's pricey if there are many people. It's $8/hour/person. The music selection was good. We snuck in a bottle and chasers even though I think an employee saw, nothing happened. The elevator smelled mad weird though...
Located in one of the most convenient places is U2 Karaoke, one of the worst Karaoke places ever. My friends and I always end up here because it's in East Village. U2 has horrible service. They do not know how to deal with people and obviously plays favorites. Once I came and was charged for a bunch of people that came in only to say "hi" and did not even sing. They also did not let people who were 21 drink alcohol just because some people in the room were under 21. The rooms are small and ugly. You choose songs from this 500 page book that's more confusing and anything you will ever encounter. There are barely any music videos; it's mostly just words on a blank screen. And singing score is totally whack. Worst of all it's not cheap.
I'm not much of a karaoke-person but when I entered a room in this place i busted out singing every old-school 90's song I use to jam to when I was young. The rooms are surprisingly furnished very nicely/classy, despite what the entrance might mislead you to believe. The staff are generally friendly but the prices are a bit outrageous.
i have been here way too many times in my life. i love karaoke, and sometimes can't help ending up at u2, or suggesting to go there. it's in a convenient location, there is never a wait, and the song selections are pretty updated with latest and trashiest pop songs for you to sing to. the price of $8/hour/per person seems like a good deal but if you end up drinking too much, or simply getting carried away by singing, the bill obviously adds up to much more than you expect. but i still come back anyway. rooms are nice and clean. unfortunately there are no tambourines to annoy your friends with.
I think that U2 is a very hip and classy looking place. The rooms are still very new (I believe they opened last summer? Or maybe it was the summer of 2009) and everything is very clean. Their equipment is also very new and although we can't figure it out, they have a point rating system at the end of every song. Speaking of songs, they also have a LARGE song selection and a lot of the new songs are available here including some old songs with great videos in the background. I don't think they have a happy hour, but it's $8 per person (which is normal for karaokes in nyc) per hour. I'm not sure about the pricing of their drinks. We got soju last time we were here and I think it might have been $15 - $20 per bottle. This is always my place to come to if I don't plan on drinking (much).
Sound proofing in these rooms here are terrible. You can hear and feel the music from the bar below & from adjacent rooms. You can not even hear your own songs.
Went here at the end of last year (dec 09) when it was newly opened.  Since it's new, the place is pretty clean and the staff is friendly.  At the time, they did not have a liquor license and only served beer and soda and there was no food available.  But they did let us bring in our own drinks to make up for it. [I hear that they have acquired their liquor license now though] My only complaint about this place is that their songs are not all on the same system... so you need to ask a staff member to switch it for you if the song you want is not on the system you are currently using (which is a time waster!!!) Additionally, their song selection was kind of limited in comparison to other places, like Duet. This is a great alternative to Sing Sing though since it's right across the street and is less crowded.  Plus, the rooms are comfortable and nicely sized.  The wait time is also shorter here. Pricing is decent - $8 per person/hour.  I think there is a 15% gratuity tacked on at the end though.
Great Karaoke place! The rooms are nice and there is a good song selection and it's one of the better priced places in the city. The staff was nice and were on top of drink requests throughout the night even when it got very busy.
This place has gone down a bit since I first started coming here. The rooms aren't so bad but I believe it's like $8 or $9 per person/per hour. Their drinks are hit or miss so I tend to drink before coming here and then maybe ordering some plum wine or soju. But of course if you go with a fun group then you'll never be bored. It's karaoke, for pete's sake! Good song selection too :D
I posted a picture of the party of room. It's not as big as it seems but we still manged to fit 40 people. There is big table in the middle which we used as a stage. They had plenty of songs to choose from and even a book of Spanish songs- which was a PLUS for us. There was a bigger room available but it was booked for the night. The manager Kenny was very nice to us. Great sound systems! We will definitely go again.
I've been here a couple of times, and love the modern, clean rooms to karaoke. Its a pretty big place, with a lot of rooms. This is my go-to karaoke joint!
Nice place. A little on the pricey side. Good service.
We used to be regulars here and now we'll never be back. First when we got there they started the clock but gave us the wrong books. As we were singing we kept getting feedback from one of the microphones and they never got it to work right. When we got finished they proceeded to charge us double what we've normally paid before. We told them that they never told us the price before we started. They were dicks about it and now they lost some regulars.
The BYOB status alone is great! Excellent service, comfortable clean rooms. My only negative is as with most karaoke places the urban song selection leaves a lot to be desired. They also don't have any cups or ice which would be nice considering at the moment they can't serve alcohol. So BYOB, and something to drink it in!
I would not have thought to go here but my sister planned this and I am thrilled she did. This was so much fun!!!! My friends and I rented a private room and we sang for hours. You loose track of the time because you get so into it. The selections are up to date, The acoustics in the room are good. The set up is also comfortable. There is enough standing room and nice big lounge seat to sit on. I would definitely visit again.
I went here last weekend to celebrate a friend's birthday. We were told that the they were no longer serving drinks because their liquor license was expired. This news put a damper on the whole night. What's Karaoke without drinks!? The overall experience was okay but we ended up leaving earlier than expected to head to a nearby bar.
nice and new and shiny, but overpriced (maybe it's priced moderately under normal circumstances, but we're always wasted when we karaoke, so there's really no one watching the clock)! also it was byob when i was there about a month ago, not sure if they have a full bar now.
pretty good karaoke place. owned by koreans, and i only note that because they have both the korean song system (the karaoke systems you find in ktown) as well as the american song system. decent prices -- $10 per person, per hour.
i've frequented karaoke bars a lot and i must say that i was impressed with this one. very clean inside, very flashy with lots of lights and loud music. kind of gives it a club feel. there were lots of people waiting for rooms in the waiting area, but they have a machine set up so people can warm up their vocals while waiting ;) (great idea!) the rooms themselves are clean and fancy-enough -- the posted pictures are perfect depictions. go look and there's nothing to be said. :) i thought the song selection was fantastic, from the Korean to American songs. my friends and I did not waste a second of our time and had song after song going. the selection was up to date and had our favorite old school ones as well. thumbs up. alcohol, of course, was on the expensive side, just like every other karaoke bar. just pre-game somewhere on st. marks, then get a couple of the soju/beer combos and you're good! staff was very courteous and professional. one of the girls was very pretty ;) maybe i'll go back to see her again lol. all in all, great karaoke bar! will be returning here if i feel like singing the next time i'm at st. marks
If you're willing to spend 700 dollars on karaoke be my guest. A group of my friends came for an outing and got a room. There are so many other places that have better pricing and service. Its a decent place but well over priced. I will not come back guaranteed.
A few friends and i celebrated New Year's Eve 2010 here after finding out it would be cheaper than SingSing.  I'm not sure if it seemed so plush and awesome because it's brand new, or because it actually is, but i definitely felt like i was spending my nye with a bit of class.  The upside is that it's only $8 a person if you're renting a room and the amenities.  Oh yeah- beware that it is $8 a person per hour no matter what.  We had a few people who came in for a few minutes to say happy new year and we got charged for them for the 4 hours we spent there.  That sucked and was relatively unexpected (we thought we'd just be charged for the time they were there..), but we figured things out.  With that said, I will say the staff is very friendly there.  Our room had a tambourine in there! so weird/funny.  The major down side for me is that I wish their song book had more contemporary songs (like from the past year or two).  All in all, I'd recommend this place as long as you're not planning to recreate a lady Gaga video with your friends.
Awful experience with the staff. They seemed pissed that we didn't want a private room, considering there was a big group of us, and kept demanding that we bought drinks. Finally, we left when it became clear that our song choices were just suggestions (which we had to pay for). Will never go back.
This place has really become a joke of an establishment.  While this used to be one of my favorite karaoke spots (good song selection, clean rooms and nice sound system that makes you sound like a better singer than you are), it's now on my blacklist.  Over the past few months, U2 has lost its liquor license which for some reason means they can't  treat you with adequate customer service anymore.  I was willing to let go of the fact that the elevator and credit card system didn't work anymore and they made us hike all the way up to the fifth floor for a room (even though no one was even in the place and they could have just put us on the third floor), but the night turned into such a ridiculous experience and I'm just baffled that U2 would risk our return patronage (which they will not get) in the face of their hard financial situation.  After two hours of singing, they told us they were shutting down the fifth floor and we had to move to the third.  So, we moved to all our belongings and replugged in our songs.  When I went out to let them know that two people had left for the night and asked if they wanted to double-check the headcount, the man at the counter became so rude to me.  He kept saying "Why would I even bother to count the people in your room if your hour is up?  Are you staying for another hour?"  I suggested that he could walk to the room with me to count heads and, at the same time, get confirmation from the rest of my group if they wanted to stay but he kept giving me the same line as if I was trying to swindle him or wasting his time.  Someone teach this guy the art of the upsell!  Usually when a karaoke place is dead and doesn't have anyone, you'll just get a guy who pops his head in your room and asks if you want to stay another hour, and then another and then another...and as long as you're happy and high on your karaoke jams, they'll easily make your money.  Anyhow, we ultimately all just left because it wasn't worth the third degree.  My prediction is that this place will close completely  by the end of the year.  Good riddance!
