Oh Meg, how I do love thee!  I bought a bomb-tastic jumpsuit and a dress a few months ago.  Sara had the jumpsuit tailored to my petite frame, and mailed it to me.  I have worn both the dress and the jumpsuit numerous times, and get tons of compliments on both.   I promise thee, I will be back to shop sometime soon.  Amazing service, super cute clothes.
The service is great and very personal. Katie spent 40 minutes with my friend to show her all that would work for her figure and was very supportive. The prices are a bit high, but standard for the area. The clothes are definitely high quality and the selection is pretty wide for a boutique experience. I would definitely be back and recommend this boutique. They also custom tailor the clothes, which is a great option.
Went here because of the awesome rating on yelp.  At first I was actually super disappointed because it is really expensive - I'm talking like $180 per item.  However, it really did end up being an amazing experience when I walked out the door.  The clothes are designed by Meg and made there in the garment district in NYC.  Meg's philosophy is easy care clothes for every woman.  And they all have their unique flair, many of them being reversible or able to be worn in many different ways.  The clothes are also super high quality and will really last you - you get what you pay for and these are worth it.  Katie was amazing at helping me pick out items that would look great on me, even though I don't feel I'm at my best, and was so great about making me feel beautiful and special.  I feel that she was very genuine at the same time.  I ended up getting two dresses out of all that I tried - so she gave me 30% off - very much appreciated.  Apparently they do trunk shows in DC, where I live, and said they would love for me to come to the next one - I can't wait!!
Love from first try. Came conditioned by other 5star reviews. How often your high expectations remain at that altitude? Mine went only higher. Clothes have flare, style, comfort level , and digestible price tag. Kathy, like a Fairy Godmother, turned me into a supermodel, which I always knew was inside of me. Good for work and a garden party,(fancy way to say backyard BBQ) High waisted pants , comfortable crop top will help you to convince everybody and yourself you are a fitness buff,  wrap dress better then That Dress And, uh- oh, free alterations to make it look even better? Dragging my sister in next time!!
Meg is by far probably my favorite store in the city. They have clothes for really every size of women that are urban, easy, with a touch of whimsy. ACTUALLY! The top in my profile picture is from Meg! They will gladly tailor items for free, which is such a treat. Their clothes last forever and are made so that you can easily travel w/ their pieces and actually wash them in the laundry machine! I have one of their dresses in 2 colors, and it's my go to for every occasion. GO! You will love them.
As a 50 something year old, I buy most of my clothes online, mostly from Eileen Fisher. I was visiting NY and staying in LES when I stumbled upon this gem. I asked the kind sales lady to pull some things she thought may be a little more forgiving and she asked that I promised to walk out of the fitting room as many of the outfits could we worn in several ways.  I ended up getting a black jersey dress cut and draped from a single piece that could be worn back to front as well! I thought when turned around the plunge was too deep. No problem! She pinned it and said they would alter it and ship it at no extra charge. Under $200! Love this place!'!!
Sara at the East village location is awesome! She provided insightful, honest assistance and treated us like we were old friends. I'd go back to Meg just for the service.
The cutest little boutique on the LES.  I love Meg's designs ~ I've gotten so many complements on the coat I bought last season and virtually every piece I've gotten from here.  I personally like her asymmetrical and convertible style.  The clothing here is classic, yet totally standout!  Also, the salesgirls are so sweet and helpful!! Bonus: They do tailoring onsite.
$20 sale window? I'm there. This boutique is a great option for business-casual clothing that won't break the bank. I found some wonderful beige tailored pants here. As for the service, Meg, the designer and owner, was helpful but never pushy.   Perhaps the best part of the store were the transparent photos lining the wall. To create them, Meg stood on a ladder and released a dress over the model, taking a picture of its fall in midair. The fabric was so stiff that it appeared the dress was on a hanger even though it wasn't suspended from anything. The leggy model, even with her face peering through the material of the dress, was secondary to the cloudy pink dress. If you need some inspiring decor to cushion your shopping experience, think to stop by Meg's.
3 reasons this place gets 5 stars. 1.  CUSTOMER SERVICE 2.  Dress the ANYONE can where 3.  CUSTOMER SERVICE x10 1.  I had never been to this store before.  Walked in was browsing was quickly greeted and asked if I need help.   Explained that I was going to an event that night and need something elegant but sassy.   Sarah pulled some great pieces for me to try.  We had a real winner with Dress # 3.   You're thinking ok what's the big deal most places do that.  But do they, really?  Miss Sarah listened to what I said I liked and didn't waste my time putting me in dresses that were off the mark.  She gave legit feedback which I think is really rare these days.  And she was kind (not fake) the entire time. 2.  Many of there dresses are UBER user friendly.  Especially for busy ladies, ladies who hate to iron, ladies who want to look good  dressed up and down.  The dress i bought never wrinkles, is machine washable, and a great value considering its a very small brand.  Priced right and looks great. 3.  Ok here is where meg blows it out of the water.  The dress I found had a modest round neck line.  I explained that I liked a little more breathing room for the girls errr um Decalotage.    Sarah says ok ya let's see we can do a square neck line that would look nice.  Hmm its for tonight, its 345pm,  no problem, we'll have it tailored and ready by 6pm.  Wait its your bday, how about I discount the dress and through in the alterations for free.  TRUE STORY. Ladies, come on, now that is customer service.   Meg's rocks and makes life easy.  Go there.
Ok, so I'm not going to be super objective because I went yesterday when they were having their "dirty sale," meaning they were literally trying to just get rid of everything in the store to make way for their spring clothes. I got a pair of adorable pants (marked down from $190 to $20), and a really cute blue romper (the clerk gave it to me for $10). Service was really great. I loved it. Will definitely be back.
After shopping in SoHo, I thought I was done for the day.  I decided to walk down 9th street on my way home.  Meg totally caught my eye so I stopped in to browse. I ended up with two dresses! Service is super friendly.  Clothes are unique and Meg will even custom tailor your purchase so it fits just perfect!  I can't wait for the weather to warm up so I can wear my "made just for me" dresses.  : ) Thanks, Meg!  I will definitely see ya soon!
If I ever get married, I'm having my bridesmaids dresses made here. That is, if Meg will have me (her success seems to be exploding right now)! And maybe a wedding dress (does she do that?) I've been stopping in the last couple of years, and I honestly think the stuff is just getting better and better. (And I think the prices have gone down too, but maybe I'm just becoming desensitized by New York. Anyway, everything is very reasonable). Meg's style is very classic structure with a modern twist - she has a lot of sculpture-like, asymmetrical details that allow pieces to stay timeless and edgy at the same time. And as someone with a freakishly small ribcage, I also love that they pin your clothes for tailoring right in the store (I came with a friend and we got tailoring for free!). Also Maria and Meg are both awesome, always greeting you with a smile. They are so much fun that the clientele (and there are always regulars around) always gets pulled into some random and fun conversation.
What fantastic luck that I was walking along ninth street, saw the store windows and decided to go in. Fantastic and unexpected clothing for reasonable prices. I got an adorable summer dress that seems very well made (~$100) but there were also women buying more formal dresses that looked beautiful though wildly different. One was made from a micro-suede which I never would've expected. A small shop so when the two fitting rooms were full, the very sweet saleswoman offered me the bathroom which I happily took as I was in a rush. She was very kind, offering honest opinions on which dress would best suit each person and how best to accessorize to give it maximum versatility. While buying the dress, the lovely selection of jewelery caught my eyes. I selected a pair that I loved--revealing to the nice woman that I was in dire need of building an earring collection--and she let me pick out a new one for free!! So pleased with my Meg finds and with the wonderful service I received there. WIll certainly be back.
I love this store. Last time i was in with my mom, Meg helped us pick out some stuff that she thought would work. Great customer service and great designs. Updating my review to a five star. Years have gone by and i still love this place. This is as good as it gets.
I have lived in the East Village almost 15 years and MEG is my favorite boutique! She designs for ladies with a figure! I am a size 8 and 5 8" and many stores in the area do not have sizes for me. They have size 0-4!!!   I have about 2o dresses/ skirts  from here and a coat. love Maria .. She always remembers me and makes me feel so welcome! Live meg's husband as well. They also have amazing sales!!!!!
A friend took me by this village botique a few years ago after one of our booze and brunch sessions. It was a sad occasion for my wallet, but a great one for my closet. Since then, I've been a devoted fan. The designer Meg, who I've regularly found at the store when I'm there, and her staff are all lovely. Like others have mentioned, they're always ready to tailor pieces to better fit your needs, and the clothes work great for work and play. Now that I'm not in NYC full time anymore, I just need them to open a San Francisco shop (come on ladies, help a girl out).
Love Meg, She makes clothes for women that have a body.   It is okay to have a butt here, she designs for women!!!!   Love her stuff, everyone always compliments my pants from her, they are classic and obviously not chain store like!
oh Meg, how I love this fellow Canadian's store....especially the nice discount I got here after my last shopping spree for graduation! I'm not sure how much more I can write about this place that the other reviewers haven't covered but I can safely tell you that there are plenty of beautiful clothes here that will fit all sizes.  I'm a 6-8 and my mom is a 2-4 and we both found great stuff here, her stuff will even be amazing on larger sizes as well. Don't be afraid to talk to the people working the store!  Meg wasn't in the day we went, but one of her friends was and she made us feel like we were the only people in the store, bringing us different pieces that she thought might work well for each of us.  Great service! I will be heading back here every time I'm back in the city to see what new stuff she has in stock!
Seriously as good as it gets, for me at least.  I tend towards the slightly edgy side of strong tailored pieces.  which means I don't do frilly stuff but i'm as far as you get from "classic".  I have a great appreciation for really good design that is executed with style; wearable, functional, art that doesn't overpower the wearer but definitely makes you stop and look. Now you can see why i gave Meg 5 stars.  You add to that the fact that its very reasonably priced for the quality that it is, the outstanding approachable service (let them show what they have, once you've shown them what you like. Especially if Maria is working), the clean aesthetic of the store, and the AWESOME affordable jewlery.  It's become my "go-to".
Fabulous. I was looking for an outfit last minute for a company dinner that I'm pretty nervous about. Luckily, I stumbled into Meg, and at first, I wasn't sure what I thought. At first glance I thought the clothes looked nice but a maybe not my style, and not dressy enough for the event I was shopping for. However, as I was about to walk out, Marlene (pronounced 'Marlin') said, "our clothes look *very* different on. You really need to try them." I could tell she genuinely believed in the product. So I stayed, and she went out of her way to help me find a great outfit. These pieces are all designed by one woman, they are endlessly wearable, unique, flattering pieces made in New York, priced so that I can buy them on my government salary! Also, this isn't just 'customer service', it's service you might expect if you were spending thousands of dollars, but with no attitude. It's as if you matter. I got a silk dress and a bomb ass jacket that I'll probably wear till it wears out. This morning I woke up still thinking about the experience, like - "did that really happen?"
Oh my god, Meg!  This is definitely one of the best shopping experiences I have had, EVER.  I walked into the store defeated and despondent, having looked in many other boutiques in Soho and the East Village frantically searching for the right dress . . . I had a night time wedding AND a daytime wedding to shop for!   But Meg, she sorted it all out.  She pointed out the sale racks as soon as I entered the store, but everything looked appealing, so I ended up looking at the non-sale racks too.  After I chose two dresses I thought would be appropriate for the weddings, I tried each of them on and got Meg's expert tailoring advice on how each of the dresses could work for me.  The first was an Audrey Hepburn black satin number that had a cinched waist and poofy hips.  On me, the hips were a bit too poofy, so Meg pinned them back and said, "This is what I could do to make this look better on you."  And oh, it did!  I suddenly felt like Renee Zellweger walking down the red carpet in one of her trademark slinky, skinny, shiny dresses.  Then I sat down in the dress to see how it felt . . . but it nearly crushed my legs together.  Meg's answer?  "No problem.  I'll increase the slit on the back of the dress and you're good to go . . . now what's this other wedding that you have to go to?  Is that also a nighttime wedding?"  In fact it was not, so the second dress, a sleeveless lavender A-line overlaid with white lace, seemed perfect.  It was a size 8 on the rack, but when I put it on, Meg suddenly turned it into a size 4 that fit me like a glove with just a few pins and her excellent skills.  Then she said, "You know what, I don't think the length of this dress works on you.  How about we lift the hem?"  And voila, I suddenly had a cute cute daytime wedding dress with a shorter hemline that made the dress fun, too.  And suddenly, Meg made me an offer I couldn't refuse -- both dresses in a package deal, for less than I thought they would be!  And after asking when my first wedding was, she said she could have the dresses ready in 4 days . . . . When my credit card overheard that conversation it got so excited it jumped out of my purse and into Meg's hands before I had even changed back into my street clothes. Sigh.  I know my lot in life, and believe me ladies, this is the closest I will ever get to being one of those rich ladies who goes to Paris and has her clothes made!  Meg's skilled eye and exceptional service and attention to detail have made me a customer for life.  Thank you, Meg!
MEG is my favorite East Village dress shop. I stop by the store at least once a month to see what Meg, the owner, has created and what is on sale and the adorable jewelry that they sell. I always come here when I have a wedding, a long work trip or any other type of special event as I know I will walk out with a fun, well made dress or romper that no one else has. The PROS - and there are many of them - are the amazing sales woman Maria and also Meg will help you find something in your price point and that will fit your body. They will also explain to you how to wear the garment or little alterations that could make it fit like a glove. They have excellent tailoring and customer service, they once took in a dress for me for only $8 and then offered to send it via messenger to my office since I needed it the next day for an event. Maria even called to tell me it was on the way. I also once purchased a ring there and after two months of wear the bead on the ring snapped off - I brought it in and since it was not fixable they looked up the price point and let me pick something else in the same price point - they literally comped me a new ring. They also try and remember you, so that whenever you come in they know what you like or might want to wear.   The price points are not dirt cheap but they are realistic. I have purchased dresses there for around $120 and on occasion during their big sales I have purchased skirts and tops for $75 and less. If it is your birthday month they will also give you a big discount.
The whole experience is what you pay for as well as the style and quality of the dresses. These are finely made dresses ranging from tons of different personalities they are all on the dressier side. The good news is you can dress it up or dress it down with simple touches since the fabrics are so durable and unique. A fabulous worker named Maria helped me find the right dress for me. It was the royal blue wrap dress. It's a bit pricey but I know I will wear it because I absolutely love it. No wonder they have three locations one in Williamsburg, Toronto and here. I am a definite fan and will save up to buy another dress very soon! Love... wow. oh yeah and they're all made in the US.
I LOVE this shop. I have to avoid walking down 9th street only because it has a magnetic pull that draws me in and forces me to spend more money. That being said, the things I buy are phenomenal. I bought two dresses here that I wore for my wedding and for the wedding celebration. I wanted dresses that I could re-wear and so I chose one fuschia silk cocktail dress and one gold evening dress. They were both beautiful and I received so many comments on them. Also, I really enjoy walking into this shop because the employees are genuinely there to help you out. As the previous reviewers wrote, the customer service is out of this world and it's nice to be able to come into the store and occasionally find Meg there. If only I had a bigger closet...
Meg was a totally unexpected gem that I now hold near & dear to my heart. Long story short:  I was having major issues finding bridesmaids dresses, and one of my ladies recommended I check out her store just on a whim. We walked in and almost immediately found the prefect dress - somethign that was elegant but fun, customizable by design, that would allow each of the beautiful ladies standing beside me to feel comfortable and beautiful in their own way.  The catch:  it wasn't meant as a bridesmaid's dress, it was one of her fashions for the season, which isn't a huge deal, but it was white...Amazingly, the very friendly woman who had greeted us as we came in heard what we were discussing, then came and introduced herself-it was Meg, in the flesh- and she was super excited by the idea of us using that dress for the wedding, and enthusiastically helped us to plan...when all was said and done, she custom made a version of the dress for us specially, in exactly the bright shade of red we had given up on being able to find, tailored to each woman, in a remarkably short timeframe...I couldn't have been happier. Very cute, sleek designs, extremely comfortable fabrics in most cases, and quite affordable compared to many of her peers...I totally recommend checking this place out!
The shop is very welcoming and does not give off any pretentious vibes.  The clothes are well made, comfy and stylish.  Plus, Meg's sales items are outrageously discounted!!!
Both Meg and her store ROCK.  This place is filled with dresses, skirts, and suits.  Service is super friendly and personable.  My friend found a very unique summer dress that was several sizes to large for her, but Meg offered to custom tailor the whole thing, and gave her free shipping on top of the alterations.  I will definitely be back the next time I am in the LES.
I love this store! It's one of the only places where I can find clothes that make me feel comfortable and beautiful. The people who work there are so genuine and helpful. They will also tailor their dresses for you in such a quick amount of time. One of the most pleasant and fun shopping experiences I've had!!
Hands down this place is amazing.  The customer service is out of this world.  They really go out of their way to treat you.  The clothes here are all so stylish and its not too expensive.  The quality is amazing..especially on the skirts.  I come here every month or so and I always pick up pieces that I fall in love with.
Love Meg! The store is amazing and it only mimics the mind behind it. Meg has some wonderful designs in her shop. Last Sunday, I stopped in randomly just to look around after reading a few reviews on this place; and only one salesperson was out on the floor. As soon as I walked in she greeting me with an ultra-cool "Hey sweetheart. Welcome. Let me know if you need anything help finding anything". I scanned the racks and saw a few pieces that really caught my eye. One dress in particular, a cute seafoam, blueish-green ruffle strapped sundress on sale, I decided try on. I noticed there were only two sizes out. Both of which I figured would be too big, I asked if there were any smaller sizes. The woman explained that the bust ran a little small, so I should try on the smaller of the two anyways. If it was still too big she said she could just call the store in Toronto. As I slipped it on, she engaged me in chit chat but seemed genuinely interested in my responses. The dress fit almost PERFECTLY. It, also, actually gave me a more feminine shape. When I stepped out, she surveyed and insisted that she shorten the straps for me. Immediately, she pinned and tucked. That is when I found out this godsend of an associate was actually Meg, herself. SO COOL! She offered to alter it for me for free and ship it when it was ready. I decided to restrain myself, as I had to meet friends in Brooklyn later for some possible shopping. All in all, I'm thoroughly excited. Dress that I am anxiously waiting to wear once it warms up: $50, Shipping: $7, Meeting the woman who designed your amazing find, customize it for your frame, and knowing that it's less likely you'll see everyone and their mother in your dress: PRICELESS! PS. I am a bit saddened that I didn't buy more right then and there; I didn't find ANYTHING near Meg's caliber of wares while I was in Brooklyn. I WILL be back. You can tell she really enjoys what she does and cares about her customers. I just came across an article from a while back. amazingwomenrock.com/sto…  She's so down to earth.
For starters, I didn't actually buy anything from this store.  I simply read a lot of wonderful reviews, happened to be in the neighborhood, and was eager to check it out.  The sales people are SO warm and friendly. I love when you walk in a store and are immediately greeted and feel welcomed.  They were super chatty, in a good way, and let me slowly and freely browse without giving me any pressure or sell their items.  All of the dresses are beautiful and I will definitely return to this store the next time I need one.
I'm giving Meg 5 stars for adorableness, friendliness, and a hassle-free experience. I actually found her on Yelp and loved the website, and after two totally stress-free consultations, she's now making my wedding dress. Great full experience, and will come back to add to the review when my dress is done! But seriously, great clothing for great prices from great people. What more is there to say?
I absolutely adore this store!  The clothes are made in the garment district of NYC, so support the community and support a really good designer.  I've been shopping at Meg for years and I always find beautifully made dresses that are also unique.  I get so many compliments on everything I've ever bought here. The people who work there are so nice and an added bonus...they usually have a treat for my dog.
FABULOUS, FABULOUS, FABULOUS...Did i mention this place is FABULOUS! It is my favorite boutique dress shop in Manhattan...it is a skip, hop and a jump from where I normally spend my days, but it is definitely worth the trip. The current collection is super cute! Megs designs are fresh, unique and affordable. Ladies, you gotta check this one out...too good to miss )
Checked out this shop based on its Yelp reviews, since I happened to be just down the street. I'd somehow never noticed it before, but the store's subdued styling (a good thing) probably had something to do with that. Some classic, well-tailored shapes with contemporary European twists. One astonishingly pushy (close to aggressive) salesperson had me running for the door as soon as I felt that I'd spent a polite amount of time in the shop. The other women working in the shop seemed much more relaxed and friendlier.
Was introduced to Meg by my stylish and seriously picky friend. She has been raving about Meg forever and it has been her favorite boutique for as long as she's been in NY. Meg has something for everyone, as the styles tend to be simple but flattering and constructed of beautiful fabrics. Tailoring is included to make sure each garment is perfect for you - hems, necklines, sleeves, you name it. The shopgirls are awesome and Sara will not only help you find the right look, she'll tell you if something's not quite right so that you leave with only things you love. Every time I go back to pick up something I tailored, I end up finding something else I love, and since I usually get something tailored, you can say I'm going there pretty regularly now!
Love Meg and the wonderful caring fun women who work for her.  Amazing styles that fit real women's!bodies, in house tailoring guarantees that clothes fit perfectly, and customer service I have never experienced elsewhere.   I always get compliments when I wear MEG (which is almost always)
This is one of my most favorite places to shop!  Meg's designs are stylish and flattering.  Very classic but updated pieces.  I love the customer service - Maria is awesome and so helpful.  The alternations ensure everything is custom fit and they will fix it until it is perfect!  Love this store and look forward to visiting the new location in Brooklyn soon!
Went there Saturday night -just a pass through time while waiting for restaurant reservation time. My friend and I both ended up buying three pieces each! Adorable and wearable chic fun well fitting clothing! Sara, the sales associate was an absolute doll -attentive, knew the clothes, not pushy and very friendly to boot! I will definitely go back and shop at Meg again!
I walked in to Meg with a friend not expecting to try anything on let alone buy anything, but I fell in love with the clothes and Maria! While my friend tried clothes on Maria asked if she could pull stuff out for me to try on, I agreed, not thinking anything would fit (bad shopping day) but to my happy surprise everything Maria pulled fit like a glove. She was beyond attentive and kind to us. I have never had such a fantastic shopping experience anywhere. Te clothes are beautiful and comfortable,, I love wearing them! From now on Meg is a must stop for me when I'm in NYC!!!!
I love this dress store!  I first went with a friend of mine's teenage daughter.  She had looked everywhere for a dress for the big bash at the end of the school year.  No luck until we went to Meg's.  She instantly fell in love with an elegant but sexy little dress.  Weeks later, i took another friend (20 yrs older than the teenager) who has impeccable taste to Meg's.  She too fell in love with two dresses. Then it was my turn.  I needed a dress for a shmancy wedding.  I was praying that i could do a one-stop shop at Meg's.  Sure enough, I found a couple of dreamy dresses.  The women who work at Meg's are dreamy as well.  For as unskilled a shopper as myself, i need all the help i can get.  I got shoe, necklace and handbag advice.  The young women there are honest, groovy, and savvy.  if you've ever been to a haircutter who knows what to do with your hair, that's how confident i felt in the woman's ability to pick dresses that would suit my body.
