Thanks to Ruggy's Yelp Indie-cember event, I got the opportunity to check out this awesome joint.  With the complementary beer in hand,  I had a night of fun conversation (and haggling, of course) with the independent designers.  They were friendly and personable, and not too much hard selling, which I like!  I always feel partial towards the independent designers when it comes to shopping for clothes and jewelry.  What's the point of spending $150+ for a nice piece in Zara when that lady over there is about to pay for the exact same thing at the register.  I can almost hear Joan Rivers screaming, "Bitch stole my look!" as I'm writing this review.  Perhaps you can rock the piece better than her, but I prefer spending that kind of money on something unique and preferably hand-made.  Basically, something you can't have once I buy it :P.  Yes, I did burn some cash tonight, but it was money well-spent and low stress.  Best, Holiday, Shopping, Ever!  Thanks Ruggy and the amazing Yelp team! PS. Aside from the Yelp deal, many vendors are offering 20% off right now.  You can also haggle an even better price paying Ca$h.
I love this place. A must go. They have fabulous jewerly that makes you feel so unqiue. I had so many compliments on the treble clef earrings and golden leaf earrings. So awesome. I think I am gonna go this weekend.
Fun find in the city! My husband and I were walking around the neighborhood after a large lunch when we stumbled upon the market. It's 3 stories with mostly clothes and jewelry vendors. I bought several necklaces and enjoyed the simple layout, friendly shopkeepers and the AC was clutch on a hot, humid NYC summer day. :)
Some cool shops, mostly for girls.
Definitely not a craft fair as some other reviewers have suggested.  I met, talked with and purchased dresses from a very accomplished new designer who has her stuff in boutiques around the country.  There were at least one or two other people there at her level.  Yeah there are a lot of people with over-priced t-shirts who seem to get all the good tables up front.  Maybe I was there on a good day, but there were a lot of interesting choices in jewlery, knits, accessories, etc.  There are dressing rooms, of a sort, very make-shift things, which if you're used to any kind of bargain hunting shopping (vintage stores, warehouse sales) will not be that unusual.
I had such a good time walking through here that I went again after I had lunch.  With such fresh new designers and cheap, cheap prices it's worth a second look.  You can get great t-shirts with hand drawn designs.  The artists seem to get most of their shirts from American Apparel so they will last.  I got my roommate one for her birthday.  She must have washed it over a dozen times and the design and t-shirt still look great!  The jewelry was also fantastic, different and when starting at $5 they are some of the lowest priced items in there.
I love shopping at places like this, browsing table after table at leisure, looking for gems.  Like any sort of bazaar or marketplace, the Market offers a broad range of items in terms of both type and quality.  The prices are not flea market cheap, but there isn't anything surprisingly expensive, and many items are actually quite nice.  The clothes are a bit too crafty for me, but there are some great offerings from several jewelry designers.  If nothing else, entry is free and the Market isn't a bad time to kill some time on a weekend afternoon.  The quiet bustle of commerce can be rather relaxing.
i scored an awesome italian leather clutch and two bracelets made out of record vinyls. so freakin awesome. i love yelp and i love that i got to make it out here. the one of a kind italian leather (distressed) clutch was $42 and the vinyl bracelets were 2 for $30, 1 for $20 (if i remember correctly).
Don't joke about this place. Make it here. And you know why NYC has it so good. At a party the previous night I met some people from San Francisco talking about how this is where you get really fresh intersting stuff. No admission to get in. It's an active community for the designers, it an eye full for the shopper. I got an amazing white coat that was made as a DKNY sample. I was skimming at other things in the person set up area, and she just sized me up and pulled out a coat that makes me not fear the winter! And I got these fresh bracelets made of vinyl records with images screened on. I got a cuff that covers 1/2 my armband of a skater. And a Hasidic Jew. If only they could be one.
after searching in vain for a birthday present for a good friend (and ever the procrastinator, id left this job for the last possible minute, the afternoon before her party that evening) everywhere in lower manhattan, i disconsolately stumbled into this place. the guy at the door was hesitant to wave me along because he was about to start closing up but i begged and said id probably either find something immediately or realize i was totally in the wrong place and be out of his hair in 45 seconds either way. i was completely and happily surprised that there was so much great stuff that i had to make decisions about which amazing thing i was going to gift my friend with. really interesting clothes by local designers, handbags, accessories and all not the same ho-hum stuff you seem to run into everywhere else these days. i wound up getting her a really beautiful and intricate pair of earrings. it was great to actually deal with the person who made them and who enjoyed seeing me so excited about her stuff. this IS just like etsy in real life and it is completely awesome.
Amazing! A definite highlight of my NYC trip (and I've got the receipts to prove it!) While I -may- have spent more here than I originally anticipated, I feel the money spent here is well worth it. Not only can you find some great deals, you're also supporting local independent designers, and you know the items you're coming away with are unique. Stopped in here on a Saturday and loved it so much we had to come back for a round 2 the next day! Overall, I think I came out pretty well off... 2 dresses, a hoodie, a few necklaces and a pair of earrings. Now to plan my next shopping trip back!
Everytime I'm shopping in soho I come here. Its a great place to find unique jewelry, bags, and clothing. Everything is handmade by young designers... and a lot of the jewelery can be altered and sized right there for you. Prices range all over the place depending on the quality of the products, but you are bound to find what you're looking for. Almost all of the designers take credit cards and also have websites if you aren't ready to buy that day. Its kind of hard to find (in the basement of a church) but there's a huge red and yellow sign once you get there. Great place to go holiday shopping!
It you love Etsy.com, the Renegade or CraftyBastards craft fairs like I do--you will love this place.  I got a great dress, shirt, and tons of jewerly--some of it below wholesale price.
Adjoa T. and I came by for the Yelp NYC Indie-cember Elite shopping event. It was nice to talk with local designers and check out all their beautiful work. I would love to come back again and purchase some items! I'm still dreaming of some earrings I saw on the top floor...
I came here based on Yelp reviews! My hotel was a hop, skip, and a jump using the subway so I thought it was worth going. The clothing is very unique and it gave me a taste of New York style. My friends and i fell in love with this hat and we all bought the same hat, just different colors. We ended up wearing it out as we left the Market to keep our heads warm with this fashionable wear.
Great indie designer's market! I do agree with some of the reviewer's that things here can be a bit pricey, however, think about the fact that you are supporting up-and-coming designers, and not the ones that already make a gazillion dollars and have NO originality. I'd rather spend a little more, and know that I am supporting something meaningful than getting a bargain and selling my soul to corporate! There are 2 vendors here that I like alot! One is a clothing designer, called naturevsfuture. The designer makes original pieces and many of the dresses have an interesting cut (ie the hem is not even) and I have 2 of her dresses! One of them makes me look like I have just stepped out of a Star Wars Movie (yes...think Princess Leia) ;-) The other is a lingerie designer, called CLO, by Claudia. Her pieces are simple, sexy, and very reasonably priced. I bought 2 bras, and 2 thongs, and all for the beautiful price of $30. BTW...I think its a Columbian lingerie line, and you have to check out the model, Carolina Guerra!! She is nothing but delicious! There are so many kewl things you can find at this market, and everything is original. Nothing you would ever come across in a dept store. Its also a great place for buying gifts! Its open Sat/Sun for now, but I heard a rumor that they may also open on Fridays soon!
I first heard about the Market NYC from that ny fashion show on Channel 25.  I came here afterwards, and have been going pretty much every week ever since.  I can't believe I've lived in NYC for so long and had no idea this place exists.  You don't have to be obsess about fashion or design- this is simply a great place to see what's going on out there with up and coming designers, and to even walk away with a few purchases.  A lot of things here are affordable and awesome.  If you are a designer yourself, then you must come here- great interactive environment for designers and artists.
We just happened to stumble upon this place one weekend and I'm so glad we did!  I picked up some pretty cool wares at the market.  There is a pretty good variety of goods.  I love buying straight from the artist.  You know you're getting something unique.
My wife lead me into this little hive of young designers' wares. It's quite nifty, indeed. She bought a nice piece of hand-crafted silver jewelry and I picked up a cool T-shirt from the Dangerous Breed booth out front. Go. Shop. Be a non-guilty consumer.
Heaven. I cant believe local designers created these clothes, the quality is unbelievable. Moderately priced, this place is a bargain. It also gives you the satisfaction of knowing young children aren't overworking in sweatshops making clothes you'll be giving a second thought of next season.
This is a really cool fashion market located in Nolita.  Housed in a church gym the market features young and emerging designers (jewelry, shoes, clothes, bags etc.)  The market is free and is open from 11-7 on Saturdays and Sundays.  My brother who has just started a jewelry business, De La Fuente, has a space here  so I visited recently and was very  impressed by the talent and creativity of the designers.   I bought a couple of unique items and felt very good knowing it was going directly to the designer.
I love coming to this market - I always get the cutest jewelry - keeps me feeling somewhat cool and trendy!
328 WEST 14TH STREET. Going to the Apple store? Headed for the Meatpacking District? Don't pass up The MarketNYC (you'll see the red tent outside and be like, wooow, what's going on there?). This indoor market is a shopper's paradise. (no junk.) There are enough vendors to spend an hour or so just taking in their creations before you zero in on the few items going home with you. Jewelry (oh, the jewelry), gifts, scarves, adorable clothes, handmade clothes! A really good mix; it's all here. This used to be the Young Designers Market, but I like it even more now. Grab a latte and cruise around the space. Great fashion, great food in the area. Great place for girls afternoon out!
There is a great variety of jewelry, clothing and some unbelievable hand made household products at this market. There are a few tables I enjoyed greatly. The first was the vintage seller in the corner in front of the staircase, there is a ton of stuff on the table but if you take the time to look around you will find some really amazing pieces! I also enjoyed the clothing across from that booth created by a very stylish Japanese designer with a great eye! The most amazing was downstairs which are hand made steam-punk lamps. Truly novel and unusual, some of the clocks still wound on them. The hand made soaps were also great and smelled wonderfully. some truly great finds here. Its worth the stop!
There's a lot of quality, fun and unique product here. Which is more than I can say about most local artist markets. Not cheap, but this is Manhattan hipster land and some of the designers have already had their wares featured in fashion magazines and elsewhere, so understandable.
I love Saturday afternoons at the Market.  I always leave with a new piece of jewelry and occasionally a new bag.  I've never found any clothing that I like, but the jewelry is great.  Most recently I got a great navy pocket purse that I absolutely love!
Came here once in '07 and would have given it 5 starts, however when I went back recently it was just okay. It has less of a DIY feel and is more commercialized now.
It certainly isn't cheap, but some of the clothing here is interesting. Not the kind of place you can go and be guaranteed to find something you like, but I think persistence would pay off. The one designer I liked the best--she re-crafted vintage dresses--had everything in sizes way too big. Interesting jewelry.
We wandered in on a Friday an hour before closing.  They're usually only open on Saturdays and Sundays so there were many empty tables on Friday, but I'm sure Fridays will start to pick up as they become more routine.  There were lots of neat handmade crafts from jewelery (of course) to scarves and wraps.  Some of the things were a little expensive, but we kept having vendors offer buy one, get one half, I'm assuming because it had been a slow day and it was the last hour.
Neat place for local, not mass produced, fun jewelry and clothes.  Nothing is cheap but there's something nice about talking to the person who made the piece and knowing that you aren't going to run in to 5 other people wearing the same necklace as you.  I wish that they had an ATM on site or that more of the vendors took credit cards.
If you are an accessory junkie this is the place for you!  You can get interesting pieces and support local, up and coming designers....who by the way are super awesome!!!  It is spacious which makes for a good shopping experience.  They let you try on things and direct you to their website, where I found even better pices.  Limited hours, but check it out, I think there is a constant rotation of new talent!
I'm addicted to handmade stuff, and live for these designer's markets. I've been to the Young Designer's Market on Mulberry Street, and this is two steps up from that. It's air conditioned, and there's even a little dressing room on the first floor. Bathrooms could be cleaner though. I wasn't all that impressed by the selection of vendors. There were a lot of accessories, but a lot of it was overpriced costume jewelry and vintage things (where's the design and handmade aspect in that?). When I was there, the second floor only had garish looking menswear and accessories. The seller informed me seven new vendors will be setting up shop over the next few days, so I guess I'll be coming back in search of my next great find.
Interesting vintage and locally made designs, clothing and jewelry. Wide array of stuff and almost impossible to leave without getting something you like.
Local designers with very cool items.  I ended up with earrings made from pennies and an awesome hat I had been scouring the city for.  Both were very reasonably priced.  The vendors were all very nice and informative.  I didn't feel pressured to buy or awkward like I sometimes feel when looking at someones stuff with them sitting right there.  I may regret not buying the bracelet made from the record, but it sounds like he's there a lot, so I will just have to go back.
I could browse here for hours. Tons of handcrafted jewelry and accessories. LOVE!
Came here when I went home to New York for a few weeks over Thanksgiving.  It's a relatively small market but a lively one.  I'd say it's mostly geared towards women but there were several good men's fashion available as well as knick knacks and curios for either sex.  I came here with a friend who knew what she wanted.  I was just browsing and ended finding a really cool booth that recycled old records into every day items.  I think the clothing was a little expensive for my tastes but it was still cool and unique.  I'd like to find more thins like this in LA.
Super miss this place :( so many great talents at one place. I love the jewelry designers here especially...
We bought a couple of t-shirts from Duo Gear near the back. Irrix was super nice and informative.
My friend and I were at Shoegasm a few doors down and used yelp to find something cool in the area- so glad I found this little indie market! Really cool, unique finds- I was really in the bargaining mood and all the vendors were nice & worked with me! Definitely check it out if it is open. I got a bunch of great t-shirts (hand drawn!) as gifts and a super sweet necklace for my sister. Love!
Went during a trip in July and the auditorium was only half full.  Apparently everyone was at the Hamptons that weekend.  I was a bit disappointed by the selection.  Seems to have lost the "young designer" niche and just seems to be a bunch of people selling imported #$%* from China.  So sad.  I left empty handed.
This place is amazing. Just a slew of wonderful artists and clothing designers in small boothes spread around the facility. There are some great finds at great values; it is sort of like a high-class flea market of sorts, without used goods. Really great and worth walking around
I almost gave this 4 stars just because I think its such a great idea.  I loved having a variety of artists and products to choose from, and I found the environment pretty comfortable, considering it was a community center gym.  I've had really great purchases at the market -- granted, you are not always getting top-shelf jewelry and accessories, but for what it is, its quite good. Price-wise, this was pricier than I expected.  But there is a range -- there are people who have costume jewelry for $10, and people who have hand-sewn clothes or leather handbags or really nice jewelry for $200+.  Its all about what you're willing to pay for.  And often, you find people that you can go and buy from again online, or who are so regular at the market, you can rely on buying from them again. This is also a great thing to recommend to visiting family and friends -- they feel like they're getting that NYC indie designer experience, all in one place so they don't have to hoof it from boutique to boutique.
If you are in the neighborhood on a weekend it is DEFINITELY worth popping into this indoor market for some unique gifts. Adorable jewelry at every booth! I work on the next block and ALWAYS recommend it to tourist shoppers on the weekend.
This place was awesome! My friend told me about it and I am so glad she did. It is located in the gymnasium part of a school or something so imagine a large gym like space filled with tables and racks filled with awesome jewelry, women's clothes, and shoes. It is a place where up and coming, just starting designers come to sell their wares and get exposure. It's a win win situation for people like you and me. We get to meet the designers AND not pay Bloomingdale's prices. I made out with a handmade purple men's shirt style halter dress by Scott Gibson, a pair of cool earrings from Liane By Design from her newest "dreams" line, and 2 cool photo printed shirts from suvawear.com (they take actual photos and imprint them onto clothes, think Aaron Chang). You can shop for one of a kind pieces here that you can't find at the mall. They are open on the weekends from 11am-7pm and I hear the vendors double when the weather gets warmer.
The Market is one of my favorite ways to shop. Street vendors, small fairs, sample sales... it's the only way to go if you don't want to look like a carbon copy out of the Gap and you want to score some designer goods without the super high prices. The Market is in a school gymnasium. It's small enough to breeze through but if you see something you like, snatch it up and don't leave without it. All of the goods here are from local designers who are just trying to make it and break through. Chances are they are not going to have mass quantities of one thing and what you choose might even be one of a kind. Since these things haven't hit mainstream, if someone compliments you on your finds and asks, "Where did you get that?" just smile. It'll be our little secret. The pieces from The Market are a great way to show off your inidividuality and build a style sense. There are great shirts, accessories, and hand made purses here. Yay to uniqueness and creativity. Support local artists. Plus everyone is super nice. Chat them up and find out why they designed things a certain way or how they made their stuff. It'll make your purchases all the more meaningful and special.
The Market NYC is a great place to go for the individual not concerned with labels.  Lots of handmade pieces by ARTISTS.  Its mostly for women, but there are a few finds for the beau.  It's CRAZY packed on the weekends, and be prepared for the holiday season!
20-30 dollars for an ugly beanie hat with a flower?! get outta town! there was some okay stuff in here but overpriced in my point of view. i make handcrafted jewelry too and i would feel like i'm insulting people to charge these prices..maybe its those rental fees.
looking for something cool that you can't find in stores? you are sure to find it here. more over...you often times are meeting the desingers themselves a refreshing way to understand the inspiration behind a piece. i loved milling through the crowded aisles unique accessories and clothes. my favorito find of the day? a necklace by rebecca haas. i love this place and will definitely be back!
The market has really great jewelry designers. Some inventive designs in clothing. The bags here are adorable. I would stop by here if a need something cute and unique.
I enjoy buying unique (but still fashionable, timeless, and affordable) jewelry, that is not mass produced.  This is a great place to buy a gift for anyone (although I always end up buying something for myself!).  All of the jewelry is handmade - the artists are often working right there at the table.  I come for the jewelry, but they also sell tshirts, wallets, purses, hats, etc here.  Prices range and while I wouldn't say this is a cheap place to shop, most items are reasonably priced and affordable.  Since it's in a school gymnasium, this feels like a school craft fair (with high end products) - which I love!  The place is packed during the holidays and really hot during the summer (no a/c) but it's WELL worth a visit no matter the time of year.  I rarely walk out without purchasing at least one item.  Get on the vendors' mailing lists and they will email discounts and updates to you.  It's open 11AM to 7PM on weekends only, very close to the Broadway Lafayette and Bleecker Street subway stops.
Fun place to shop for unique locally made clothing and accessories - in an old basketball gym -
Must visit spot when you're in NYC. Great stuff made by local designers.
Very cool shopping place!   The place is 3 floors full of independent designers all with very cool and trendy things to sell, from jewelry made out of Brazilian forks, to vintage designer shoes and clothing.  There is a thing for every taste and very different sense of fashion such as a company that sells tshirts of different historical duels.   There's also the "Filthy girl' soap company and many other vendors.   Good place to find very unique gifts.  Affordable prices and friendly people.
Went out of my way to come visit this place which came highly recommended.  Basically it's an arts and crafts flea market for young designers and artists.  The clothing and shoes were more geared towards women.  The nicest article for men were handcrafted wood sunglasses and beautiful bow ties but they had little studs on them which isn't my style.  There wasn't much art which is what I was hoping to buy.  I did buy a subway map where an artist paints on top for $30  I had high expectations but I would't come back unless they were having a special themed night for paintings.
I came here with a friend to get soap from a vendor called Filthy Farm Girl NYC. The soaps are all natural and handmade in Hawaii. It has a variety of scents. I love the designs for the packaging. The owner is great and also made soap in 3oz size for traveling. The owner is very nice and enjoys talking and getting to know his customers. The market overall is very cute. It's not too but the vendors in there sell one of a kind things. There are a lot of jewelry vendors. Great place to spend an hour or so.
Discovered this wonderful market because of a Yelp event, and OMG! Trendy threads (definitely my style) and beautiful jewelry. Eve, owner of Into Jewels, was the most friendly out of all the vendors I visited, so I bought my jewelry from her! I know these items are handcrafted but the prices are a tad bit high. I will probably visit again, eventually.
Wonder thru Bleecker street and noticed this little gem, it's a multilevel mall/shop compiled of multiple vendors, mainly local artists and entrepreneurs.  There are vintages/antique shops, many women's clothings, accessories, jewelries and hang bags! there's also a plant (the artsy one that's contained in the glass)!  some jewelries are handmade by the owner.  I find the selections good enough to save headaches of gift buying, the prices can be steep in many stores. If they can work around budget of between working class and college students nearby, I'm sure this local mall can sprout like springs flowers do!
Like walking through a live version of etsy.com! Shopping at The Market is a great way to see one-of-a-kind jewelry, clothing and vintage items and talk to the designers behind them. Most of the store owners/creators are happy to chat and answer questions, even if you don't buy. Especially on the vintage ware, some negotiation on the price tag is acceptable and expected.
If you're looking for locally made items & gifts, The Market is a must. I've visited on a couple NYC trips, and myself or someone I was with has inevitably found something to buy here. It really is like a mini-flea market, but most items are new. (There are some vintage finds.) A variety of vendors set up here, but my favorite things here are the jewelry booths. On my last trip, I came away with a great, one-of-a-kind necklace, and my mom bought my sister a hat. Prices vary a little bit from vendor to vendor, but overall, they're fair. I will certainly visit this place again. Vendors and merchandise can and will change, so I'm sure I'll find some new goods next time. Especially if you're looking for unique items (opposed to shopping at chain stores, etc.)... Visit The Market NYC! P.S. I like the way Bryce W. put it: "a live version of etsy.com!"
I love this flea market! One of the perks is that it's conveniently located in the West Village. Don't let the size of this place fool you because it actually breaks into 3 sub-levels. And you'll find several unique handmade goods - anything from artsy to vintage to urban cool. The music also puts you in the mood and this place is just a great place to chill & browse around. This is definitely the place to find some local flavor! ;)
This is my go-to place for gifts and jewelry. Every time I come in here, I fall in love w something. Some of the vendors charge a little too much, but remember, you are getting one of kind pieces. Dying to try akiko nail and hair salon bc their work looks incredible. I love olde sanctuary. The market is definitely worth checking out, but set aside a good chunk of time to browse all the vendors' goodies. Happy shopping!
A really awesome concept featuring high-quality and beautiful work. The Market is exactly as the description suggests, with a bunch of artists with their own booths occupying two floors and a basement in what is apparently a pop-up shop. I had a really fun time browsing the local artists' work, and really appreciated that the place was a convenient one-stop location for exploring multiple artists' goods. I saw some amazing jewelry and cool art, including some works from a group of artists who who have turned their interest in archaeology into art; they salvage items that they find discarded in various locations, frame it in these wooden collection boxes, write the history behind how they stumbled across it, and the end result is beautiful. Overall, a really fantastic place to visit that I would highly recommend for anyone interested in supporting local artists, or who have a taste for vintage and cool-looking jewelry, art, etc.
I love this place!!! I went a few times actually and I always want to spend money I don't have to buy stuff I don't need haha! It is an accessory temple in which you will find cute jewelry, handmade stuffs, fun objects, great gifts, edgy article of clothing and lots of randomness. If you are on a stroll in the village, check out this cutsie market, the vendors are nice, and you might find that thing you never knew existed but always wanted...
This is my new favorite place to shop in NYC.  2 levels, multiple vendors, some who are permanent and others that change from weekend to weekend.  Everything from furnishings to clothes to jewelry is here.  If you want a one stop shop for unique and independent designers, this is your place.  So far I've gotten shoes, a bag and a piece of jewelry from there and wear all of them on a pretty frequent basis.  My husband even bought some new t-shirts from one of the vendors this weekend.  The prices range from vendor to vendor, but the ones I've seen so far are all reasonably priced. Great spot!
I came here for a Yelp event with a friend and I'm really glad a did.  All of the vendors had really great stuff, especially the jewelry.  The prices are a little high, but you can't really beat the quality of many of the items.  I'd definitely recommend stopping in.
Nice little eclectic flea market with unique items. Prices are a bit high but you get to make purchases from the vendors themselves and you will be supporting small businesses while doing so. A bit cramped but lots to choose from. If you like flea markets, this is definitely up your alley.
Cute market on Bleecker street with different vendors selling tees, jewelry, clothing, and similar items.  It would have been nice to see a little more variety (home goods, pet boutique, ect...) but if your looking for not too expensive/not too cheap jewelry or bohemian type clothing, you're in the right spot.  The stand out for me was Filthy Farmgirl soaps, which are from Hawaii, hand made and organic, smell really nice, and are sold at reasonable prices ($5 small / $9 large) with cute wrappers like Filthy Bohemian Soap.
Dropped in here last night for Yelp NYC Ruggy's Indie-cember Elite shopping event. Ruggy knows how to save us some cash! It's a cool space set up over two floors housing all kinds of artisans. Vendors included their own designed jewelry, clothes, trinkets, art, candles, pens, bags, unique and other vintage inspired items. Some really nice stuff here. Yelp had a special deal with discounts based on how much you spent, and vendors were also open to bartering a bit especially if paying in cash. The vendors were not pushy at all and very friendly. Happy to let us try things on, touch, and explain. We ended up picking up a few Christmas presents so it was worthwhile to come down and support local biz. Plus, they were serving up free beer courtesy of Lost Tribes brewery, along with Pop Chips and Kind bars. Yay beer! Yay for supporting local biz!
Such a fun place! My mom and I were wandering around NYC Sunday and stumbled into the Market. We spent the next hour or so walking from vendor to vendor within the space. The variety was fantastic! The craftsmanship and originality of some of the vendors was something to be noted. Jewelry, clothing, soaps and so much more! The vendors we interacted with were friendly and always gave us permission to try on any of the jewelry. You can tell they had genuine pride in their work and products. We weren't in the market for anything specific so unfortunately (and surprisingly!) left empty handed. I could easily go back and kill some time and money.
Stopped by here for a yelp event, its prob. the closest spot to my apt for a yelp event, and it had some very unique gift ideas for the holidays. I saw some vintage clothing choices and tshirt designs. It has 3 levels and has some cheap phone cases on the upper level if you need that. They sell some old games and art work as well.  Jewelry (more of a big deal for women of course) is plentifully available and the indivdiual owners of each kiosk were friendly and approachable. Check it out for sure before bar hopping in the village.
The Market NYC, otherwise known as the Young Designer's Market, is hip and kitschy, with semi-affordable wears slung by independent up and coming designers who wet dream about being cast on Project Runway. Some of the designers are sweet and helpful, while others are sweet and helpful until you decide you don't want to buy something at their booth. Then they become surly, like competitive-natured children on the play ground who get pissy when the new girl has better show-and-tell material than they do. And some designers *cough* Russian fedora seller *cough* are straight up annoying. I love when I ask if the hats come in sizes, because I happen to have a freakishly tiny shrunken head, and the sales person declares "They come in your size!" and when I try one of the hats on, it swiftly falls over my eyes, and she still tries to sell it to me. The Market is are really wonderful alternative to the overpriced boutiques which surround it, and if you're in SoHo and feel the urge to shop, I highly recommend stopping by this gem. I walked away with a headband with a black flower thingy. Because apparently I think I'm Blair Waldorf. What would Lonely Boy think? No one? Yeeeeah, I think I may be the only 28 year old with a season pass on Gossip Girl.
The Market showcases clothing, accessories, hand bags and jewelry hand made by young, aspiring designers. If you're into the Renegade Craft Fairs or Crafty Bastards, then you'll want to check out The Market. Perfect place to shop for a gift or if you're looking for unique items that few others will likely have. The vendors change from week to week which keeps it fresh. Weekends only from 11-7.
Damn the man. Support local designers. Seriously, you'll feel a hell of a lot better after dropping $150 on a dress that was handmade by the girl sitting right in front of you than grabbing one off the rack at Barney's that was handmade by a child in Myanmar. Tables of note: the knit hats up front, the cute leather clutches on the right side, the flared wool coats in the back corner, and all the jewelry - if you're a guy who wants to impress your girlfriend, pick up something beautiful and unique from any of these vendors and you're guaranteed to get lucky.
After witnessing the awesomeness of the Spring Food and Craft Market at the Brooklyn Lyceum, this seems like a pale reflection in comparison. There's similar jewelry and creatively-designed apparel, but it's less inspiring and as far as the cute t-shirts went, way too expensive ($40 each?) for my budget.  It's also roughly half the size.  I'm usually not one to complain about things not being big enough, but... The best thing going for it... is that it's at least within walking distance.
I magically stumbled upon this place walking around the No-lita area during a recent trip to NY and while I found many of the shops in the area to be a bit T-R-E-N-D-Y (eek! yuck!) for my taste and with high prices to match, the Designers' Market turned out to be a godsend! Here you will find independent, local designers selling fashionably unique, hip and one-of-a-kind garments, jewelry, bags, t-shirts and the like. All at very affordable prices! For less than $150 I scored a fabulous knock-out dress (the one I wore at Autumn's birthday party) and a pair of silver earrings that look like they would normally retail for twice of what I paid for them. Even the boyfriend, who hates to shop, scored a good find: A t-shirt with a vintage looking logo of a skier and the caption, "Ski Iraq."
I love local. I support local. And when you offer me a chance to not only love the locals, but also score some rad stuff in the process, umm, hello, sign me the hell up! Today, we hit up this location, along with the other one in the West Village and there was some dynamite stuff here. Everything from t-shirts, to purses, to jewelry and notebooks. One of the standouts were the penny earrings with the cute designs on them. I never would have thought to do that, but this lil chicky did and props to her. I guess it happens every weekend and what better way to spend a Saturday then lallygagging through SoHo and then hitting up this after the overpriced boutiques make you wanna cry :)
After hitting up some of my favorite NY Department Stores (Bloomies, Barneys, and Berghoffs), I decided it was necessary to check out some of the local designers.  After all, I've got all the dept stores I need back in Chicago.  A friend/colleague suggested I check out the The Market NYC. The concept was pretty cool. Lots of clothing, jewelry, and other types of designers set up shop in a warehouse like space in NoLita. There are different designers there every weekend so locals can visit again and again... The clothing was a bit "hipsterish" for my taste, but a few cute dresses and pieces of jewelry caught my eye.  Regardless I left empty handed because I found everything to be a bit overpriced. Than again...what's not overpriced in NY?
Came here last night also thanks to Ruggy's Yelp Indie-cember event event! Got here around 8pm with my best friend in tow. Didn't make it in time for complimentary craft beer, but did get Nacho Flavored Pop Chips - lol. Seriously though, this 2 floored loft space is very cool and filled with lots of interesting and unique items with equally interesting vendors who don't have a problem with letting you look and touch or believe in pushy sales tactics that end up driving customers away. While I didn't buy anything (I'm the type of person who normally has all my Christmas shopping wrapped up [hahahaha!!!] by the first week of December thanks to Etsy, Amazon and places like Soho & West Village/East Village and occasionally 5th Ave/Herald Square) it was a still a fun experience for both my friend and I. Things of note for me were definitely many cool vintage bags/clothes, a neat booth with really great smelling and organic scented candles and bath salts and an overwhelming amount of really awesome accessories, both vintage and handmade! I'm sure I'll be back at some point before 2012 is up, hooray for shopping locally! :).
I'm really good at fighting off impulsive buying temptations; there just aren't a lot of things that evoke must-have qualities for me.  The young designers market is horrible for me because most things are omg-i-need-to-have-this-now quality. It's not that the clothes are the most fabulous, but that's just the thing, most clothes and accessories here you can dress up or down, which means you'll be wearing it everyday. I did not indulge. Don't know if I should be proud or not because I'm still thinking about a few items I really liked there. It's also unique stuff, which means you can have a little piece of someone's creativity and your own personalized self-expressive clothing/accessories all to yourself. I should've bought that scarf..... :(
Great local designers.  The jewelry is especially nice and priced fairly. It is also located in a cute area with good restaurants and coffee shops. Chill experience,  not Time square busy.
I got some Cool Stuff During The Market.  Better than Union Square and Columbus Circle Holiday Market to tell you the truth. Indoor spot, friendly vendors.  Unique handcraft jewelry (some), Shirts, Belts. Thanks to Ruggy and Yelp Event for Letting me know about this Spot, otherwise I wouldn't have gone. (I recommend you to bring some cash, some of the vendors don't accept CC).
Sadly, we weren't that impressed. Lots of unique goods, but they weren't that much more interesting than the stuff you could find at the local street vendors around SoHo. Prices were pretty high -- understandable because they're mostly hand-made, and the sellers probably have to cover rent for holding it in this venue. The vendors were also very anal about me taking pictures. Like dude, it's a t-shirt with an iconic screen print of a politician... not a Monet. Don't get your panties in a knot. Maybe it's because I've been spoiled by flea markets in Bangkok and London, as well as Pasadena's Rose Bowl.. but I just was not blown away. Sorry Market, but I think you're wayy over-rated. Or maybe I just caught you on a bad day.
the merchants don't vary *too* much from week to week but their is a good amount of variety nonetheless. A lot of the jewelry is overpriced in my opinion, but it's still really nice. recent findings: screenprinted tshirts with images from cuba (dad's xmas present) knit sweater from recycled and sustainable materials (mom's xmas present) name ring for two fingers that says BAMF(bff xmas present) and i got my twin sis's xmas present here but she'll read this so i can't tell. it does get super crowded and it gets hard to walk around so come early.
I've been yammering to my friends about this place since I stumbled on it when I lived up the block five years ago. This was one of my best city finds, ever. It seems that every unique piece of jewelry I own, and that people consistently compliment, I got here. It is also a great place to go for holiday shopping, because you will always find something unique and special. And you get to talk to the person that actually made what you're going to wear. The Market also begat Emerge, or Edge, or whatever it's called now, the store over on Bleecker. That place is great too, but ... things are a lot less expensive at the Market.
Excellent walk in marketplace in the middle of greenwich village.  Multiple different vendor stalls all bring different handmade items from intricate candles to blown glass to handmade soaps & fragrances. We decided to take a mango soap bar from the man directly in the middle of the market.  He was friendly & courteous and threw in an extra bar because my wife & i mentioned it was our anniversary.   The soap was some of the best i've used and left my skin silky smooth.  An average size bar lasted about a week with regular showers.  It's too bad i don't have $25/mo for a soap budget :)
This is one of my absolute favorite places in NYC-as in you wont find this type of independent jewelry market in any other city. I always bring all my out-of-towner friends here. Every time I go set foot inside, I can not leave without buying something.  Whenever I wear any jewelry from here, I get asked by friends and strangers where I got it.   I especially LOVE Iwona and Poupette's delicate and special jewelry!
its a nice set up for local artists to sell their stuff. thinking about trying to be a vendor. :)
Great collection of local designers.  I always manage to find a great original piece to add to my wardrobe.  Don't expect a boutique vibe.  Think Urban Outfitters in a flea-market format with better quality clothing (since the designers know you've seen their faces and will come after them if their items start falling apart after one wash).   I bought my boyfriend his favorite t-shirt here a few years back with a Napoleon Dynamite print in the "Che Guevara" style.  It was a clever mockery of the hyped-up "Che" print that was plastered in every NYC t-shirt store window a few years ago.  I haven't been back in a while, but there was a female German designer who made the cutest sweatshirts and hoodies with whimsical prints.  Of course, The Market is also accessories-city.  Most clothing items and accessories range between $30-$70, so it's completely affordable.
Years and years ago on one of my many trips to NYC my mother and I were walking around Nolita perusing the plethora of little boutiques only a city like New York could offer, when I saw a white tent with a large yellow sign, "Young Designers Market". I've been going every visit since... It's located in what use to be a gymnasium (proof is in the basketball hoops on either side of the large room). When you walk in through thick strips of plastic, which give you the eerie feeling of walking into a butcher's freezer, you are bombarded by rows and rows of tables and tables of the some of the most unique designs and their proud designers. I make sure to put aside about $250 every time I go to NYC to buy a few lovely pieces that will be part of my jewelry collection for a lifetime. I usually buy beautiful metal, hand made earrings and necklaces. There are great hats for men, cool t-shirts, and vintage one-of-a-kind pieces. Luckily, I live in Miami because I'd probably spend every paycheck at the Market, but then again I'd have some pretty fabulous accessories despite my lack of shelter or food.
I love the concept of The Market in that it showcases independent designers.  You can get great pieces, but you have to act somewhat quick.  Vendors change every day and often there is only one of any particular piece.  If you go on a Saturday and then go back again on Sunday (I might have done this very thing) don't expect every designer to still be there! While there were clothing and scarves, I was drawn to the interesting and intricate jewelery designs.  I was able to leave with pieces that I felt were unique and I've already gotten some great compliments. Icing on the cake was running into a friend from high school who is selling his stuff at this market every weekend.  Small world!
Three and a half stars, but I'm rounding it up to four.  The Market is extremely hit-or-miss based on the day; Saturdays tend to have a better selection than Sundays.  I've found some super cool stuff here and also had days when I *almost* bought something only to never see that designer there again.   Nevertheless, this is stop #1 when I'm hunting for birthday presents for close friends.  Most of the stuff here is VERY reasonably priced, especially considering how unique it is, but there is also higher-end stuff if you're in search of something designer-y.  Some of the pricier handbags are seriously enviable. Not everybody accepts credit cards, so make sure you have some cash on hand!
LOVED THIS!  If you are looking for hip, one of a kind city fare- this is a great place to find it - all in one location.  The prices are not "cheap" $55 for ear rings, $300 rings down to $35 rings, and hats starting at $30 going up to $65.   However, most things are unique and hand made so it is special, unique pieces that stand out.   I was impressed and will go back when I have more spending money.
I'm all about supporting local designers and I stumbled upon the Market while wandering around the Meatpacking District this past weekend after visiting Chelsea Market. It was pretty much a done deal as soon as I walked in. BYE $$$! I purchased- a screenprinted tee for myself, a starfish shaped cuff bracelet for myself, a handmade string bracelet for a friend and a handmade portable dog dish for a coworker. Everything in here is unique and one of a kind- and as others have mentioned, the accessories especially are worth the visit. There are a lot of unique conversation pieces for sale here, and the prices aren't horrible either. You can also find vintage clothing, pet supplies, baby clothing, screen printed purses, handmade scarves, artwork, etc.
Please take note of the NEW LOCATION. They moved to 328 WEST 14TH STREET (between 8th and 9th Ave) as of Saturday 1 October. So please take note of this. It has great location. They advertise so well. When we got to 8th street we could clearly see the large advertisement in the middle of the block. Get off E train, it's only 1/2 a block to walk there. I love this place. Will certainly go there next Saturday
Hmm.. I want to love this place... but, I just can't bring myself to it. They do have really unique items here (from knitwear to ready-to-wear to jewelry to home decor), and some designers/shop owners are nice, but others can be rather pushy for a sale. My friend and I were looking at hats, and found that they were too big for both of our heads (the hats were loose and covered our eyes). However, the woman tried to persuade us that the fit was right, until we just ignored her and left. At another table selling vintage clothing, an 80s stretch satin (relatively cheap fabric) printed dress was being sold for $165. I loved the overall design, but because I firmly believe that buying vintage clothing for prices higher than the  original is preposterous, the dress  was not worth the money. I think that The Market is a good place to browse and possibly find a good deal, but be prepared to possibly spend some serious money. Some designers are really nice, and willing to help you if you have any questions about their products, but others... well, there are others...
I just assumed I'd find tons of street markets in NYC but was sadly disappointed as I roamed around searching for some cool find or street artists. I read about The Market NYC, and had to hunt it down. In the heart of the Greenwich Village, The Market NYC features the work of independent and emerging New York designers. At The Market NYC, designers converge to showcase and sell their products directly so you can chat and find out more about what inspired them. Finally, I'd found my market. When I went there wasn't a ton of stands but there was one that stole my heart, retro t-shirts. Talking to the designer, they source old retro sheets of beloved 60s-90s icons like Smurfs, Gremlins, Scooby Doo, Star Wars, Strawberry Shortcake...and my heart be still....the Stay Puft Marshmallow man from Ghostbusters.  Now the only tough decision is for my third one, do I go Mr. T or He-Man...tough choice. Another favourite vendor is New York Artifact. The artist spends his days digging around excavated land, wells and landfills around New York, finding fragments of china, porcelain and glass to be restored and made into bracelets and necklaces. His partner transforms them into one-of-a-kind jewellery where every piece has a tag stating where it was dug up and the approximate age of the item. Instead of buying that "I love New York" tshirt or a fridge magnet, head down to The Market NYC for a more original piece of New York. The Market is open every Wednesday to Sunday.
For someone who gets bored of things easily, this place vacillates between a wet dream and a horrifying nightmare that I keep hitting the "Refresh" button on. In the span of the 3 months I've known about this place, I've been here probably fifteen times to stalk the tables, frivolously spend money, and pass on some of my acquisitions to my friends after I'm sick of looking at the physical manifestation of this terrible habit of buying shit.* Jewelry, so many unique pieces of jewelry that, in a few years, will end up in the cases at Free People or Macy's. Okay, most likely TJ Maxx, but seriously, if you like unique, original, and creative works of art, clothing, and accessories, this is your place. It's a wonderful breeding ground for local young artists and designers to preview their talent before they either: succeed or fight the shadows of ephemera by becoming administrative assistants to financially support their craft and love for creation. *Okay, I'm exaggerating, but I have a whole bunch of aunts and coworkers who like their pretty sparkly shiny things.
I love walking through this place.  The vendors are different (not all of them) on Saturdays and Sundays.  It's a blast just to see what the designers have to offer and most pieces are unique and are going to be noticed.   Even though we've been coming here for ages, we hadn't bought anything until just recently when my husband got me a necklace and earrings for Valentine's Day.  Everyone commented on them. I recommend at least a walk around to see what the newest trends are bound to be.
Upstairs is reminiscent of guys' shopping  in Tokyo. Awesome. Definitely a fun diversion among the beer bars that string along this section of Bleecker street.
The Market, only open on weekends, is nothing short of amazing. The point is to showcase the work of young designers that are doing something a little a different and the market really does serve it's purpose. The vendors here aren't copycatting or counterfeiting - they're pumping out truly original work at generally reasonable prices. If you like Etsy.Com for its wealth of handmade goods you'll like the options you find here. At one booth, just to the right off the entrance, the 'Cameo Sisters' make beautiful silver jewelry out of semi-precious stones mixed with lovely accoutrements, like tiny silver sparrows. A hallmark of their necklaces is that they can usually be worn in a couple different ways (an extra clasp is cleverly hidden in the design). At other booths you might find earrings hand knit from gold wire, a jersey t-shirt  or a canvas bag screen-printed with a clever drawing, a bracelet made of tiny leaves dipped in gold plate.  I could go on but really, you'll have to check it out yourself!
Dropped by this hyped up flea market of local designers with a friend. The place was pretty small and I didn't really see anything that different or exciting. Some unique t-shirts but were they really worth $30 each? Bottom line: I'm all for local designers but this place was rather lame and expensive for me. But I'm a typical guy who doesn't like clothes shopping so take it for what it's worth. 3 stars for the local little guys.
Very cool find. Kudos to a friend who recommended this one. Very interesting selection and definitely a much more personal approach to shopping. I came away with a great pair of short boots and a great winter cap. My sister found a fabulous winter coat. I'm guessing the selection varies somewhat from week to week, so I'll be curious for a repeat visit. Only downside as mentioned by another friend is lack of dressing rooms. I saw a couple of cute dresses but had no clue if they'd come close to fitting. --- UPDATE! I've bought so much jewelry here. My mantra might as well be Jewelry by the Young Designer's Market. Done done done. AND FYI, there are dressing rooms. They are cold enough to hang meat in, but yeah, they're there!
Young designers here with jewelry, clothing, hats, and more. The prices are a bit expensive for what you get, but it's almost all fairly unique, so if you're the kind to want something no one else has, then you should come here. Free to enter for the public. For most of us, it's what looks like a small old gym and some tables set up with hopefuls. Saturday/Sundays only, 11a-7p. themarketnyc.com
Not much more I can add to The Market's great reviews.  I'm happy with their high quality, local designers and recommend them to everyone.
They have really unique stuff here. They have rings scarves, hats, belts, clothes, and all sorts of stuff. Some stuff is really weird and expensive. In general, their selection of jewelry really is diverse. I mean, it's supposedly hand made so each piece should be different. Each vendor sells their pieces at different costs. Some vendors are more reasonably priced, but other pieces are prices as if there's no recession going on. After 2 hours of 'what is this made out of?' and 'how much is this?', I walked out with two cute pair of earrings for $30 for my sister. Not bad considering some earrings were being sold for 20-25 each pair. My friend also purchased a really REALLY cute hat for $40. This stuff in general is not cheap.
Terrific shopping experience. I expected to walk out empty handed, but my wife and I found several interesting, modestly priced things to buy. The Market is set up a bit like a flea market, except instead of second-hand goods you will find diverse artisan wares from designer T-shirts to interesting prints to handmade jewelry to steampunk lamps.  The music was upbeat, the workers were helpful and the goods are very interesting. While you can find some pricey things at The Market, you can also find many affordable options. A unique and interesting shopping experience!
The closest thing you'll find to Peddler's Village anywhere... Located on three floors and crammed pack full of helpful and friendly vendors, this is a place that has something for everyone. We found a cool deal on a stationery set with a rhino motif made from recycled elephant pooh. No, I'm not kidding--- the young girl was energetic and informative so we were soon another pair of satisfied customers. From cuff links to hats to clothes to art, you are sure to lose an good bit of time in here exploring all that this great place has to offer.
This is heaven. One of a kind jewelry by indie designers. I have small fingers so it's hard to find rings that fit me. I saw a few that I liked but were too big but the lady had no problem adjusting the size for me. I am a huge fan and one of a kind pieces instead of Tiffany's or department store brands and this is the best place to find jewelry. A must for everyone who loves accessories.
The vendors don't seem to change a lot from week to week but they changed since I was last here (at the end of summer) so that's about how often I go. I wish I had gotten the names of the vendors I stopped at but I didn't so you'll just have to go off my description. The place is really quiet right now. I would go in the next 2-3 days and take advantage of the sale prices caused by the Christmas rush. A lot of vendors are still selling cheap looking jewelry for upwards of $40 but I found a woman to the left side of the entrance selling adorable earrings for $20 a pair. Score! There's also a lovely woman on the right side of the room who said she studied at FIT and spent 15 minutes trying hats on me and explaining why one suited my face shape or didn't just so I would know what to look for when I went shopping (even if I didn't buy a hat from her). I just thought that was so cute. I still don't know what I'm doing but maybe I'm just not a hat person. The "market" is actually a gym beside the church and vendors are scattered along the sides and in the middle of the room at tables. There's a lot of jewelry and a few scarves and clothing and occasionally something random. If you're in the neighborhood, take a look. It's a fun way to while away an hour.
New location on Bleecker Street is huge step up from the old church basement on 14th Street.   A nice big open space, a true loft feel to the place.  Even the fitting rooms are installation art.   If you're looking for some really original t-shirts, check out "D.U.O Gear" which has been a regular there for only the past few months.   The 45 rpm shirt is my personal favorite. The artist is a real character, you'll get a story with each shirt.
I go to this market once in a while. I usually find some good stuff, bought a hat from that so-called "annoying" Russian fedora seller, although I didn't find her annoying, and I don't think she is Russian, I think she was Ukranian. Anyway, I also bought a few great handmade greeting cards, picked up one for my girlfriend, and one for my cousin's birthday. They weren't like the regular plain crap you find in a card store. I think the lady who sold me the card said they were called The Paper Crate or something like that. They have a lot of nice jewelry there too. Unique stuff that's not too pricey. If, I'm in the Nolita area on a weekend, I'll definitely swing by the market again, and check out what might be new.
After mistakenly stumbling onto Mulberry during San Gennaro after brunch on Sunday, my girlfriends and I decided to try to take a detour from the sausage, garbage and deep fried Oreo craziness. One thing I love about The Market is that it's in an old school gym- you can still go if it's raining. Another thing that I love is that you can find some really unique pieces and support your locals. Is it all authentic? Maybe not- but use your good judgment. Chances are, if you couldn't tell the difference, you probably aren't enough of an expert to judge anyhow... Just sayin' I ended up leaving with a pair of vintage earrings and ring, which cost me $27 dollars for both- not unreasonable, I'd say. And got another card from a vendor that I plan on buying a few things from (it was late in the day and she had already sold out of the style that I wanted. Is The Market the cheapest place to go? No, it isn't. But it is pretty cool compared to all the other giant chain stores that are taking over not that far away on Broadway...
Never look like the Gap or Banana Republic. Pros: Truly extensive collection of fashion and design, an available "dressing room" Cons: Pricey; no air conditioner!, only clothes and jewelry Ever since I embarked on a journey to look different, I have been on a never-ending search for the next big thing.  Buying from local designers is cheaper than at a boutique. I came here recently based on Yelp reviews, hoping to see a large selection of clothes, jewelry, crafts, etc.  I did find the former, but not so much the latter (no home stuff?!).  But I was satisfied.  It took me 40 minutes of browsing before I found something.  I found this fantastic SATC style dress from sohungdesigns.com  The designer even offered to adjust the straps for me ad hoc (because of my not-so-normal size)! Trying on clothes in the backroom...sure no problem.  So there was no places to hang clothes and having to share the room, but I am not that self-conscious.  It's better than that time at a fair where I had to put down collateral and go to the nearest restroom to try out a dress. My BF did unhappily sit in the un-air-conditioned room.  Unfortunately there aren't many things to keep a guy entertained. Unlike other sales I have been to, the fashion is actually more classy.  There's less of the bohemian style going on with cheap fabric.  Even more so, the designers are friendly. Be ready to spend a lot of money though.  This isn't a place for those who aren't looking to lessen the weight of the wallet.
This might be a boys vs. girls thing, but my friend Hank C. said it best: It looks like a small old gym with some (~12?) tables set up.
Regular shopping at the Market seems like a sure-fire way to become extremely cool, at least in a clothes-and-accessories way.  Since I'm not sure I want to be extremely cool, and all indications point to the conclusion that I can't afford to be, I'm going to content myself with infrequent purchases of unique items, lovingly made by local artisans.   I am a little bit in love with the woman who makes gorgeous, fun purses.  If you're reading this, and you love me too, can I have a discount?  I promise to hand out your business cards to everyone who admires my super-hip bag.  seems like we would both benefit.
I totally love this place. I had been buying from local designers for about 5 years and now I am one of the vendors which is pretty cool and exciting for me! I always loved the idea of getting one of a kind pieces from young designers from the area, I just don't like going out and seeing the jewelry I'm wearing on like 5 other girls... The prices aren't low but they are worth it.
Came here with my boyfriend in search of a replacement necklace for the one that he gave me for my birthday (but it broke). Feels great to support local designers. The necklace was successfully replaced. Definitely would recommend and would definitely come back.
I would say that this is a fairly decent collection of local designers.  From what I read on Yelp, I think I was expecting something much more -- maybe something like, The Greatest Thing Since Dolce & Gabbana -- which may have led to some of my disappointment. There is some really high-end stuff that, despite being made by somebody who hasn't made a name for themself yet, comes at a fairly high-end price.  There is also a bunch of kitschy stuff that I wouldn't buy or even take a second look at.   In any case, it's a definitely a fun Saturday afternoon excursion.
Neat place!  I hate shopping and buying overpriced, pointless, dumb stuff, and normally places like this epitomize that sort of thing.  However, some of the stuff here was actually pretty cool.  I ended up buying this really unique t-shirt, and my wife found some things she liked, too.  The prices were a little high, as expected, so it's not somewhere I would shop at often.  Also it wasn't insanely big like some of these types of places can be, so that's a plus as well. 3.5 stars.
First visit, thanks to Yelp: bought nothing, went through it fast, VERY hot (no AC). Maybe better in winter?
I was looking for a hat or new purse.  If porcupines meant anything to me, I would have bought hat necklace.   It was nice to chat with sellers about clothes.  Metal bracelets/earrings aren't always comfortable to the skin because of the way they're wrapped.  Most of the accessories weren't too much of a bargain.   I didn't end up buying anything but you can find one-of-a-kind jewelry and printed t-shirts.  I made a couple of rounds but didn't fall in love with anything.  My roommate seemed to like it here more than I did.  This was my last stop before I left for the airport.   Wish there was stationery.
I LOVE that The Market is in an old school gym/auditorium, complete with a basketball goal and stage. If you're shopping in the area, why not check out items straight from the artists who make them?  When I went I found jewelry and housewares made out of melted vinyl records and the most adorable clothing by Cora.  While it's certainly not as cheap as I'd like, it's a better option than buying from the retailers.  Surprisingly, many of the vendors accept credit cards too.
Got 2 vintage rings at a store on the main floor. It got me thinking, though, where do these people find so many used rings and necklaces and earrings and bracelets? Ebay...estate sales? But I've never been to one/heart of one happening nearby ever. Net net, do they make any profit out of this? Anyway, I'm very happy with my purchase as I can't find these rings anywhere and they would go for a lot higher at some lower Manhattan/Brooklyn boutiques, who are for sure making money.
Found this place by accident on my way from my favorite NYC coffee shop and the clothes shopping I was about to do on Broadway.  The airline misplaced my bag, so I was in the market for a shirt to wear to the Yelp Elite event.  I hate chains, and the shirt I found at the Market NYC delivered.  Upstairs on the left was a shop where the dude told me about the artist from London that made the shirt I was about to purchase.  Cool guy, cool place... love when I find places like this in my travels!
What a great way to spend a Saturday morning.  This place was amazing! I came looking for unique gifts for friends and left a happy camper, not to mention with some goodies for myself! Most of the vendors' collections were affordable and well-worth the money spent.  I got great bangles from Saylor Sage (2 for $25!!!) and was able to talk to her for a while about her collection.  The t-shirt collection was fairly standard (silk screen, cheesy slogans, etc.), except for these great t-shirts that incorporated actual photography- I was sure to pick up a few for my guy friends.   Just a warning, if you're like me have a budget in mind before entering.  As soon as I walked in I couldn't help myself and ended up leaving with much lighter pockets that I had expected.  Everything just looked so great! And be sure to check out Wrecords Monkey.  The cuffs are awesome and the guy selling them is insane... Can't wait to go back!
My friend and I stumbled upon this just yesterday and both of us never heard of it. Needless to say, we both enjoyed it immensely and I can't wait to go back with her ASAP. It's definitely unique and wonderful to see so many different styles. They do tend to take cards but cash is your best bet. It's definitely more easy than using a credit card, or in my case, a debit card.
The Market is on my list of places I like to revisit whenever I can.  Formerly known as the Young Designers' Market, it's a place where you can find useful works of art and design, and often chat with their creators.  Jewelry and clothing predominate, but the offerings are eclectic, changing with each visit.
