This is such a good shop! A really wide range of little bits and pieces that aren't junk, as you often find in this sort of shop. I come here to buy things for birthdays, and I will definitely recommend it to my friends when they come to visit me. And best of all, they sell the largest collection of Fred products I've ever seen in one shop!
Guys, do not pass on this store!! If you see this store on your Yelp app, come down and browse. There are a lot of ladies posting reviews about baby clothes and soaps?! They have a great selection of cuff links and other accessories for men. I always love browsing through the East Village and finding these shops. Where else are you going to find crazy cufflinks for $30 bucks? The Upper East Side? ? I fancy to say no.. The East Village brings the Funk! (along with the great thrift shops) Mens tie tacks? Money clips? Got them right here at Random Accessories. If you need a funny or quirky gift? Come here to Random Accessories. I'll bet you'll find something great for us normal folk. In your face Hermes and Park Ave!
Bought a few things for my unborn baby and a friends and I wish I bought more other things as well. I actually came on yelp to see if it was still open so I could go back. REALLY cute stuff.
I absolutely adore this hole in the wall #1 go-to place for gifts. It's packed with amazing gifts fit for all ages either funny, cute, romantic, holiday-oriented, celebratory or whatever (SERIOUSLY, this place has everything) under a good budget. The people who run the store are super nice and helpful in helping you find the perfect gift and they also are very easy to talk to! I come here every other week or so to see what new stuff they have and you seriously can't leave the store without seeing something that you might see "perfect" for yourself or a friend even if it's not (in reality) useful to your everyday life since they generally are, 'random accessories'. Love it!
This place is so darn cute!!! I had such a grand old time exploring all the items in this store and I wish I had money to buy all the things!!! (and also room to put them) -- I never had such fun looking at things in a store!!!  In the future, I will make sure to keep in mind of this place when I have to buy gifts for people..ESPECIALLY for people who have newborn babies.  They have so many clever onesies !!!! The guy working was also very chill -- he was just on the phone while we were exploring, but still told us to let him know if we have any questions :)
The East Village is one of the best places to come if you're looking for a gift for someone, and Random Accessories is a great spot to start the hunt.  I came here looking for a small gift for a friend, but I didn't have anything in particular in mind.  My friends have eclectic tastes, so I wasn't sure where to start looking.  I had read about this shop online, so I wanted to check it out for myself. When I first walked in to this little shop, I'll confess that I was a bit overwhelmed.  Like everything in the East Village, its a big cramped.  It is set up almost like a narrow hallway with items on both sides and a register on the back left.  There were so many things around me that I could barely make it to the end and back without knocking something off its shelf!   Aside from the small space, I was really happy with the overall selection.  They have a huge variety of items here, including kitchen gadgets, coffee table books, and tchotchkes.  I'll admit that I'd see most of the items in other stores, which is part of the reason it got docked from the initial four starts that I was going to give it.  They do have a really great selection of books though, including cookbooks.  The prices here were relatively comparable to other places in the area. If you're looking for a gift shop, this place is definitely worth a visit.  With all of the other interesting shops in the East Village though, I think you might be able to find something a little more unique elsewhere.
What feels like about 12 of my friends just had or are about to have babies, and I'm faced with the prospect of shopping for baby presents when I'm quite inexperienced with this.  Now, I'm very good at shopping for grown-up things, especially when that grown-up is me (whoa, did I just call myself a grownup? where did that come from?), but babies..I have no idea. I walk by Random at least 3 times a week, though, and it occurred to me that I'd seen a cute onesie in the window the other day that said "nobody puts baby in a corner"  (Best. Line. Ever, btw) so I thought that might be somewhere to go for cute, hip baby-type things that will stand out from the gazillions of baby Gap tees I'm sure my friends will be inundated with.   Boy, was I right!  Onesies with all sorts of pop culture references, from Marilyn and Elvis to AC/DC to iPods (those say "iPood".  Get it?   Oh ha, baby poop humor!).  They also had some more normal ones, with cute little animal patches on them.  I got a monkey one, a frog one and a turtle one!  They're pretty adorable, and all on American Apparel, so I can feel good about my gifts not being made by sweatshop workers.  On the other hand though, there's something kind of icky about buying baby clothes from a company whose ad campaigns verge on kiddie porn. I have no idea how much a onesie is supposed to cost.  They were $25, which seems a little high for something so tiny and that will likely be spit up on many times, but not terrible.  The store owner was very helpful in baby-present-etiquette tips, too, and gave me lots of tissue paper and pretty ribbons for wrapping.  Thank you, Random lady!
you want a moderately priced gift, gag or classy, for some people you don't love a tremendous amount, this is the spot. Thrust these ladies, they are doing a brisk bizness and don't underestimate the chops it takes to pick items like typewriter font stamp'n' ink  kits, pirate sounds, soap in a beautiful peacock box, and stage rattling refrigerator magnets - Exit 9 and Alphabets were just not doing it this year.
I have no clue how this store stays open but I hope it does for a long, long, time. This place is a knick-nack store filled with clever gifts for stupid fun. They actually also have a decent collection of women's jewelry as well as really lovely cufflinks. What else can you get here? Errrr, novelty mugs, baby clothes/toys, books, makeup, oven mitts, ice trays to make ice shaped like dentures, dog toys, stickers, limited art supplies... Yeah it sounds like a clusterfuck but they've managed to keep their store organized and really sweet looking. I love browsing in here to see wtf they  are hawking. It's one of my favorite stores to hit for home warming presents.
This place rocks the casbah! It's like Spencer's Gifts... except it doesn't suck. :) First of all, they usually close at 7pm on Mondays, but I called at 6:30pm and the gal told me she would wait for me to commute from Grand Central to Aster. Talk about great customer service. When I arrived, I was pleasantly surprised to find that they do, indeed, carry some really fabulous and unique baby gifts/clothing/accessories. I really wanted something awesome that did not scream "street vendor" or "dime a dozen." I ended up getting the cutest baby socks with a "mary jane" design, onesies in American Apparel cotton with these super cool felt birds embroidered on the front for the conceptual baby, a bamboo cotton onesie for the hippie baby, a CBGB's OMFUG b&w striped onesie for the punk rock baby (talk about hard to find, bad ass, NYC cultural icon... on a ONESIE!). In addition, they do have a totally random and eclectic spectrum of greeting cards, gifts, house and kitchenwares, etc. Need a funky cheese grater? No problem. Satirical holiday cards with bitter messages? This is the place. Perhaps you just need a recommendation for the best red velvet cupcake in NYC? They can provide that as well. Talk about one-stop shopping! Random (and Lynn) rocks!
This is a fun little shop to: -Get fun things you don't really need-need. -Get fun gifts for special occasions. -Get fun things so your friends wont think that you are overly pragmatic or stoic. They carry fun baby clothings, toys (for all ages), cutesy housewares, decorating accessories. yeap, as the name of the store implies: Random Accessories!
I decided to start my Christmas shopping early this year and started with an old favorite. There's always something new and different to be found here.  Stuff for the home, affordable jewelry and fun and interesting novelty items.  I was even able to score some baby stuff for my sister. The owner is always friendly and helpful.  As usual, a delightful shopping experience.
Solid place for small gifts. A small store packed with lots of wonderful stuff. Verdict - If you live around anywhere in 1 mile radius, gotta check out this spot and pick up the cool stuff it stocks.
I work right around the corner from this store and I absolutely love it. It's jam-packed full of little (and not so little) odds and ends that would make great gifts for everybody. I usually will get a small gift to give to one of my coworkers or to send off to a friend elsewhere. The shopkeep (or who I believe is the shopkeep) is extremely pleasant and very helpful. This place also carries a bunch of unique NYC souvenirs and memorabilia. I'd recommend it for anybody who wishes to get somebody in their lives a little special something.
Holy awesome, Batman. Stellar gift ideas for human beings, of ANY age. Genius cuffinks and pendant necklaces. Hilarious trinkets/toys, artsy decorations, and creative hodge podge. Check this place out.
This little place is packed to the brim with a mix of the ironic, the odd, and the unique.  Usually shops like this miss the mark for me--they end up stocking mostly crap with a little bit of cute.  Random really does have a good mix that helped me find things that the hard to shop for people in my life would actually like (as opposed to giggle about for 5 minutes and then be left looking for a place to stuff it away). To boot they have festivus cards--the perfect greeting for the rest of us.
This place is ideal for holiday shopping. If your in need to stay within your "secret santa" budget come here. All of the gifts have a nac of interesting. Definitely come here if you want to stand out with your presents this year.
I happen to be in the neighborhood to see a play and stumbled upon this hidden treasure. If you're searching for a reasonably priced gift for that hard-to-please someone, this is the place.  Lots of cool and unusual items there. Check it out!
I always come in here to buy a card or something little and end up leaving having spent $50, and yet I never feel ripped off or annoyed. I'm always so very happy with my purchases.   It's the perfect store fo get a little gift when you have no idea what to get.. seriously. Whenever I have no clue, I just head to random. It's perfect.
You know how it's really hard to get a card that says something cute and simple without being insulting?  Like, every store seems to have a  "Happy Birthday!  You're a Cunt" on display.  This one has tasteful yet quirky yet independent cards.  i won't tell you which one i bought because I want my specific one to remain precious but my point is, it's a great store to buy cards. It also has tons of other cute and pointless gifts for family members or, if one had them, friends.  Go there now you son of a bitch!
Sigourney Weaver once bought a set of zombie action figures here (according to the store clerk). What more do you need to say about this place? It is a way cool tiny store filled with the most interesting trinkets, watches, cards, Holy Water bottles, savings banks (tailored to college savings, weed buying, etc.), jewelry, wallets, and journals that you'll ever find. Also a great place for funny baby gifts. It's on my list of  non-tourist places to bring out of town visitors (sure beats the lines at the Empire State Building!).
Great cute store. I'd definitely come back here for unique, cute baby/toddler items. I was surprised they had so many housewares, too - cute ones with fun prints, for example. The prices are boutique prices, but you can easily find a gift for anyone here.
i love tchotchkes (yiddish for knick knack). this place fixes my need to purchase unnecessary items. the prices are legit. like 30 for a necklace, 12 for a mug, etc etc. the lady who works there is really polite and nice and has an accent which is always fun and the place is small but in a quaint way, not too inducing of a claustrophobic attack. i am so going here for holiday shopping.
Holy Cuteness!! I walked into this store and wanted to buy just about everything I saw.  I walked out with a set of haiku note cards, a new mini-journal, and the cutest wallet known to mankind.  I am still gloating about this purchase days later, and I'm sure the glow will last a lifetime!  A little something for everyone who likes to take a break from serious adulthood and live like a kid again.
If you want  cool jewelry, this is the place to go. They have a great selection of sterling silver as well as watches. It is  cool, mod and affordable. I also love the selection of  knick knicks. If you are looking for a gift for the person who is hard to shop for, look no further.. They have such great stuff and so many things to choose from.
This store is random if you're looking for unique gifts that people can use. For example there was a wine bottle that opened up and inside was a wine bottle opener with other wine accessories. There's also some cupcake jewelry and silly books. Overall I'd say it's for the lighthearted who like random gifts they can use!
Random Accessories used to be down the block from my old apartment on Thompson Street and thus, I was so spoiled being so close to such a great store full of unique, special gifts for every occasion!  When they were moving I was heartbroken, but distance doesn't matter.  They are worth the visit.  Three apartments and one borough since the Thompson street days and I still seek them out!  So glad they're still here after all these years!
They have the most amazing card selection: Birthday, get well, you name it. This is my go-to card store for putting into physical card-shaped form what I can't manage on my own. Oh, and the everything-imaginable selection is nice as well...
Perfect place to find a small or fun gift for someone who's hard to shop for. The store is filled with a ton of interesting things, cute greeting cards, and toddler items. Usually stores like this are a hit or miss because it might be too expensive or not carry what you're looking for, but i'd say this one hit the mark! The store itself is small but look carefully because there is something in every nook and cranny.
Awesome place!! Filled with cute stuff from brand like ugly dolls, mengdi3wu!! All the cute wonders packed in small store. Products from everywhere in the world, support local artist!! Chic and affordable!! A++++++++++!!
Very friendly staff and lots of odd gift options, especially for babies. I've never known too many babies and so find it kind of difficult to buy presents for them, but I needed to get something for my new niece. Random has bunches of funny baby items which made selection somewhat easier. They also have funny things to get for grown ups too and the staff didn't mind that I touched everything in the store and took forever to make up my mind. I'll definitely hit this place again when I need to get more presents for my niece.
It's amazing how many things are available in this tiny store.  It's next to the NY Theatre Workshop and members get a 10% discount (although only on full-price items).  The woman working there today (I'm not sure if she's the owner) was very pleasant - and whoever does the buying has a great sense of humor, since there were many very amusing/irreverent items.  Lots of cute stuff....I bought a nice watch at a great sale price and I had fun looking at everything else.
Always find great gifts for pretty much any type of person
This quirky little gift shop is brilliant. They have something for everyone. I spent ages in there in total awe at the clever, witty and brilliant gift ideas they have. Definitly a go to for me every time i'm in NYC. Stay cool Random!
This store is PERFECT for all kinds of gifties  The owner has a great eye...who knew there were so many clever and reasonable things to get for gifts in NYC!   And, the people who work there are super friendly and helpful.   Ask for help deciding and you will get it in the nicest possible way.
this store is so awesome (that was my best kelly kapur impression). stumbled upon it on my way to dinner so i didn't have much time to shop (still managed to purchase a few cheeky change banks) but i'm definitely coming back to for all my christmukkah gifts.
This is where you go for that person in your life for whom it is impossible to shop. Of course that person should have a sense of humor and a love of kitsch and the absurd. Where else to buy porn-y rubber bands, water bottles labeled "Holy Water," babywear with obscenities printed on them, hilarious books, funky wallets and jewelry, and fish-shaped staplers. (Hard to itemize such a wide-ranging gathering of weird stuff. The shop's name is apt.) The owner is a lovely lady who will order things for you when they're out of stock and give you a call when they're in. One of my favorite places in the E. Village.
favorite store hands down in the area. it has so much packed into such a small space that not being able to look at everything easily is my only complaint. wide range of beautiful and creative gifts. OVERALL AWESOME
This place has a little bit of everything, at very reasonable prices
i wish they had a website... some cool finds here always... for me - the watches and jewelry. cool stuff for the kiddos too.
bought: cool baby onesie and a cock-blocker (rooster wine cork)
