Excellent service! Natasha was totally cool and easy going...made it fun. My mom and I purchased a few things and I am totally happy with it. I'd definitely go back to purchase some more things!
I guess people who love this store don't mind being scammed. I've been to every major boutique lingerie store in NYC, but I wanted to try Bra Tenders once I set a date for my wedding. I know my size. I've been fitted professionally and I can fit myself. Despite not NEEDING a fitter I thought it would be a nice experience to make an appointment since it was for a special occasion. Let me just say I would give them FIVE stars if this review was only about the fitting and selections. Cristal was great. Her personality is awesome. She's also honest and knowledgeable. She made me feel comfortable right away. As she pulled various items I correctly identified the manufacturers, which she verified. Because I wear a rather unusual bust size I am very familiar with multiple styles and brands. Eighty percent of the time I can identify a DD+ bra from looking at it. I ended up choosing a bustier that I had already planned to purchase directly from the manufacturer. Now I could have gotten this bra at a discount because I had a coupon after visiting a bridal show, instead I decided to make the purchase today because Cristal was so great. I also picked up some shape wear from Rago, which I also correctly identified as Rago has a very distinct look. I didn't ask her about the price because at every other store in NYC the price is the manufacturer's RETAIL price. Once I got to the register I realized each item had a 20% markup, even crazier the original tags were removed and replaced with Bra Tenders tags. WHO DOES THAT? That is false advertising at best, unethical at worst. I mentioned to woman handling the transaction that the bustier does not cost $109, it is actually $79. This is the point where I should have left, we all the know adage about a fool and his money. Instead I showed her the tag and asked her if Bra Tenders make their own bras. She gave an evasive answer along the line of some of them. From their site: "No, we do not custom-make bras, we custom-fit bras." Moving my breasts around is not what I call a custom fit, but whatever. She then rudely asked "Are you going to buy it or not?" As if I was wasting her time. I spent $242 in their store, her attitude was highly unnecessary. Because my wedding is in three weeks I really didn't want to have to start this process over from scratch. I simply do not have the time to run down to Orchard Street for shape wear and still have to place an order for the bustier online. Plus as I mentioned Cristal spent an hour of her time with me, she deserved the sale. She is the only reason I made the purchase. I knew going in that they have a stringent return policy of exchanges only, now I know why. If you need a lot of hand holding and are indecisive go here. If you already know what you want, try another store. There are some great options in Manhattan that do not engage in price gouging. You've been warned.
Had my appointment this afternoon with Cristal.  She rocked.  Upgraded all my bras and she helped me throw in some prettier ones.  She really knows her stuff. Next time I won't wait between upgrades. I was wondering if I should have just picked up the same size to replace the bras that I needed to replace but they recommended that I come in for another fitting since it had been a couple of years.  I was a little skeptical but agreed to make the appointment. Turns out that my size has changed since that time so it was good thing that I did. If you have a hard time shopping for a good fit, this is the place to be!
I'm not sure why this place is listed as a "department store" on yelp. I came here without an appointment because I didn't know you needed one. They didn't even let me walk around the store to pick out what I wanted to try on because I didn't have an appointment. They didn't try to accommodate me at all. I'm actually glad this happened because a friend later told me that all of their merchandise can be found elsewhere for much cheaper. Don't come here, they clearly have enough business and don't seem to be interested in new customers!
Just had a 11:00 am appointment with Crystal. I do believe this is my first review ever writing on Yelp but I downloaded this app just to write this review. Crystal was more than helpful. She opened my eyes to a new way of living with my boobs up and shoulders back! This store will save your back!!! I did not feel at all uncomfortable and they have a nice kitty cat who just hangs around. Very awesome experience and the bras will change the way your body looks and the way your clothes fit you. Found out I'm a 34 F! I was walking around wearing a 38 D lmao. Yes, being that oblivious was a little embarrassing but it's funny. A 34 F ... It allllllll makes sense now!! Make your appointment and you won't regret it. (Unless you're one of those kinds of people who simply CAN NOT be satisfied with anything but for the rest of us.. There's bra*tenders)    Truly was an "uplifting" experience!!!  :D
I've been wanting to come here for quite some time ever since seeing the shop on some TV show, where a woman came in wearing an awfully wrong sized bra and walked out looking awesome. My appointment was made with Crystal and she was fantastic. Super friendly and patient and knowledgeable, with a great sense of humor. She showed me a wide range of bras (balconette, demi, full coverage, sheer, racerback, etc.). I had no trouble finding every day bras that fit me wonderfully. Each one was pricier than I'm used to paying, $75-80 each. But they are lovely, and the attention to my needs was priceless. I've been wearing the wrong size bras my whole life. I knew it, it was obvious, but I never seemed able to fix the problem. I tried getting fitted at Macy's and Victoria's Secret, I tried randomly trying on different sizes for an hour in different stores, I tried creative methods of measurement- but nothing worked. I've been wearing a 34/36 B/C for years now. Turns out I'm a 30 DDD. Think it can't happen to you? Go, give it a shot, you just might be shocked ;) Now, the bras are much tighter than I was used to. But as you can see from the crazy sizes I was wearing, they were far too loose before I came in. If you find you're having a similar problem it will take some time to get accustomed to having that pressure around your chest. Don't fret! Do keep in mind, they do have a cancellation policy that they follow. It's $100 if you cancel or reschedule your appointment in less than 24 hours, 72 hours if you have a Monday appointment since they're closed on weekends. It's the main reason I put off going for so long, I wanted to be sure come hell or high water I would be there!
I am sooooo happy that I found this place! If you have any type of situation that makes buying bras that fit impossible, go here! My issue is a very narrow ribcage. I need bras with a 28 band, which I could never find before. Cristal did my fitting and she was so patient and wonderful and really commited to finding me something that worked for my body type. As others have mentioned, you have to make an appointment to be seen here. They take your credit card number and if you cancel within the 24 hours leading up to your appointment or don't show up, you're charged $100.00. This made me nervous, because I didn't know if I would even find anything there, but I am SO happy I made an appointment.   Buying bras has been a hellish experience for me my entire life. I have been to more specialty lingerie stores across the five boroughs than I can count on one hand. Even the well known ones in Manhattan. But this was the best experience I have had shopping and being fitted for a bra and here's why: - I thought I was getting good service at other lingerie stores because every single one of them told me that my body was unusual and bras weren't really available in my size, but that they would work with me to find something that I could use. At the end of these other fittings, I'd drop ridiculous amounts of money on bras that were then altered (and then inevitably stretched out of shape in a few months) or stabbing me with underwires or not supporting me at all. But each time I was told that this was all normal and that the bra fit great. Today, I learned that there absolutely are bras in my size that will give me support and they come in fun colors too! - Cristal was so thorough in fitting me. She really cared that what I was buying actually fit me and even had me do things like sit, stand, jump, etc to make sure the bra was doing its job!! If something didn't fit even a little bit, she would give me something else to try instead until we got it right. This was a stark contrast to any other fitting I've been to where the fitter would look at me in a way that let me know they didn't know what to do with me, then they'd hand me a few ill fitting bras and disappear for ages while working with other customers and then return to say that everything looked great and that the underwire was exactly where it was supposed to be after I complained of it stabbing me. - The prices here are what I expected. They are in line with other specialty lingerie stores. I thought that this was great because the fitting is so much better than at other places. I was very relieved that the bras weren't more expensive because of this. I have come to accept that I will never find a $20 bra in my size, so I just understand now that if I'm going to wear a bra that works for me, unfortunately, I will have to shell out a bit. It's very worth it to me to feel comfortable though. All in all, I won't be going anywhere else now to buy bras. This is the only place I have found in my life that carries my bra size! And on top of that, I left with styles that fit me well and even ended up with a bright blue bra, woohoo!
I had a bra fitting today with Natasha, and it was awesome!  I've been wearing a 38G,  and walked out wearing a 34FF.  What a difference!   First off, this isn't a regular store you swing by to browse.  They do theatrical sales as well as selling to individuals, so you have to make an appointment for a fitting.  You're not obligated to buy anything, but if you don't show up, they charge you $100.  They're on the 6th floor of an art deco Manhattan office building, and when you walk through the door, it's like a wonderland of bras!   Natasha couldn't have been sweeter or more down to earth, and that's important in a person who's gonna be feeling you up for the next hour or so.  I told her my concerns and what I was looking for, and she helped me find a comfortable new bra that fit properly.  My boobs went from somewhere around my tummy, up to where they should be.  It looks like I've lost ten pounds!!  I walked out with a new everyday bra, and a new sports bra (aka "the straitjacket").  They were $69 each, which is entirely reasonable.  I highly, highly recommend these ladies and their awesome store.  I can't get over my "new" boobs!
I often shop for my bras at Nordstroms which does fittings free of charge, so I was skeptical that the service at Bra Tenders was really worth making an appointment and laying down a charge card.  But whoa.... it was totally worth it. Cristal really was as great as the many reviews say.  She is very experienced, warm and friendly, and makes the bra fitting process both fun and educational.  I was looking to update my everyday bras, and Cristal brought out a whole range of different styles, brands and price ranges.   She very kindly pointed out where my old bra no longer fit, and made some very good recommendations of new types of bras for me to try.  She was also very good about showing me how different bras look under different type of clothing, which was actually a big help. Cristal divided the bras I tried on into piles of "Acceptable" and "Not Acceptable," but there was no pressure to buy.  The bras are priced at about department store range, not cheap, but not outrageous either and certainly worth it for the excellent service.  I am happy and confident in my new things and I am a fan!
About 3 years ago my friend and I decided we needed to get a proper fitting to figure out our sizes.  Genetically I've been "blessed" with a larger bust and a not so large frame.  Nothing at Victoria's Secret or Macy's fit me correctly - the band was always too big with the cups being too small.  BLAH! Not an attractive look. After finding about Bra Tenders, we went into our appointment and walked out looking thinner and happier.  Seriously, my big breasted friends, if you want to look 5-10 lbs thinner, where a proper fitting bra.   I returned yesterday after 3 years, and they have not missed a beat.  Like many other women on here, I worked with CRISTAL.  She is THE BEST.  I'm not very shy about nudity, but she makes the experience so wonderful, I'd trust her with my shy mother.  When I tried on a sports bra, I was jumping around the fitting room like a crazy person and she laughed with me.  I wish I always felt so relaxed while shopping!   Thanks to Cristal, I walked out with EXACTLY what I needed.  I can't recommend this experience enough.  Trust me, we all deserve to feel this good about our bras!
I have been a fan of getting my boobies professionally fitted since I was 15 years old. I am 5'1 and I got boobs for days. My body has been through a lot with kids/weight gain/weight loss. It's important that I look smooth. My obsession and conviction. On to review. Saw bra tenders on yelp by mistake. Read reviews cause it's right Down the street from my new apt. Scheduled a fitting on a Monday for the upcoming Wednesday. Fast right.. Came in and thought it was cute space. Bras are to the ceiling. I bought my 19 year old daughter so she could understand the process. Sometimes our youth don't see the point. Well, I was 15 minutes late. They still treated me great. My fitter was Crystal. Her spirit was very sweet and genuine. These things are very important to me. She just looked at me and knew the size. Great. The second bra she chose was my fit. We had extra time so she end up fitting my daughter. Ooooooohh my daughter knew and felt the difference. She loved it!!! I walked out the door paying  $231.00 bucks. I paid $99.00 for a shaper and $53.00 for me a bra and $79.00 for my daughter one bra. I am always aware that I'm going to spend some extra money when I go these places. They are always worth it. My back needs  a break from terrible bras. I will be returning. My experience with crystal was great. You can tell that this is her craft. I love working with people who love their craft. She's great!!!! Gentle spirit...
Can't believe this was my first time here. Cristal was a true rock star and made a potentially miserable deed into a fun and exciting experience! She knows exactly what she is doing and really makes you feel (and look) your best. Prices are completely in line with online and retail outlets but I'll never buy from those places again! I plan on returning this fall for an entire upgrade!
What a great experience! So glad I came here. I was recommended to go to Orchard Corset by the place I purchased my bridal gown. And while they have excellent reviews, the negative ones left me feeling like I needed to go elsewhere. Call me old-fashioned (although I'm young), but I really value customer service. I also like to *see* the merchandise before I buy it. If I went to Orchard, I wouldn't have gotten either from the sounds of it. After some research, I decided on Bra Tenders and I'm SUPER glad I came here. Cristal helped me and was so wonderful. We spent about an hour trying on tons of corsets and bras until I came up with the best choice. She was so attentive and really gave her honest opinion (nicely & with humor) on what she thought worked best. I could tell she was very experienced, as she saw right away that I wasn't wearing the right size bra when I came in. She pulled a few choices and was right on with what I should've been wearing. From there, we tried on lots of looks. She even brought me some sexy stuff for the wedding night (and beyond) to try on. Overall, I'm so so happy I went here!
I visited Bra Tenders last week on a recommendation of a coworker. I understand the importance of a good bra and have had several great experiences at different places over the years. With that being said, I can't resist a great bra or great service so I ran to Bra Tenders.  It was great.  Natasha worked with me and I walked out with 4 lovely, pretty, sexy bras- which in my size, isn't always easy. Thanks Bra Tenders, you will be seeing me again.
Brilliant! I walked into the shop wearing a very uncomfortable 34B and left a very comfy and perfectly fit 32D! I'm a slim girl but these new bras make me look like I lost 10 lbs! I worked with Natasha who was fantastic. Warm, funny and very knowledgable. The space is cute. Fabulous undergarments in every size/color/style floor to ceiling. A very sweet kitty "works" here as well :-) HIGHLY recommend!
I was on Yelp looking for something completely non-bra related when I saw this place appear on the sidebar. Apparently people looking at speakeasy bars in Chelsea also view this place. I was pulled in by the name and all the shining five star reviews. Then I started thinking about how I was long overdue for new bras. I know I needed a smaller cup size (again) after losing weight, but I wasn't sure that I wanted to stick with my current VS Incredible which is the bra equivalent to the croc. Ridiculously comfortable but definitely not attractive. I decided to fit in Bra Tenders during my NYC visit. While my husband got coffee, I spent the next hour getting poked and prodded by Christal and another girl she was training. I've done a couple bra fittings at Nordstrom, but Bra Tenders is far and away superior. Like others have stated, there is no measuring involved with these fittings, just Christal's knowing eye. Instead of going down a cup size, I actually needed to go down two band sizes and up three cup sizes. Yikes! The girls made sure I got my girls properly "locked and loaded" into all the bras I tried on, and the difference was amazing. The brands they carry are similar to what Nordstrom has, and all the prices were similar. I bought three in the $70-80 range. I tried on many more that worked well, but I decided to stick with basics since this was my first time at the store. A month later, I can say I'm still very happy with my purchases.
What can I say?!  As a hard to fit girl this place is bra heaven. From the first class service to the unbeatable selection, bra shopping does not get any better than Bra Tenders.
Let me just preface this by saying, that my tits look amazing right now. A-MAY-ZING. Thank you, Bra Tenders. So last week, out on the subway on my way downtown, I start to feel this sharp stabbing pain under my right breast. What the eff, I ask myself. After a little second-base style self-reconnaissance, I realize that the underwire on my last, favorite, well-worn bra has died and gone to bra heaven. Eff!! And so I find myself making an appointment with the friendly phone girl of Bra Tenders. She asks for my credit card information, which took me aback for a hot minute, but reassured me that I would definitely not be charged unless I missed my appointment (the fittings are free). Okay... a little weird... but I'll roll with it. So I show up to my appointment, which is a feat unto itself, as this was the afternoon of 107 degrees. Anyway, I get into the sweet, sweet, air conditioning and am immediately greeted, offered a cup of water, and told to sit and relax. +1. I like them already. Very quickly, Crystal comes out and takes me into my private room and gets me naked. (Take note, auction bidders; I strip off easily!) An hour and ten minutes later, I leave, $108 poorer, but greatly uplifted (titty joke!). Crystal was great. She was funny, sweet, and very chill, which is a plus when you're about to spend an hour having your titties played with by someone you've just met (minus the soothing effects of alcohol). I loved how she listened to what I was looking for, understood my complaints, and did an awesome job of finding bras to fit my needs. She really tried to stay within my price range (which was hard because my ideal price was "free") and definitely knew her stuff about which bra would suit for what I was looking for. A+. The girls and I will be back!
Heard so many things about this place.  I've also heard many things about finding the right bra for your outfit.  If I was spending all this money on outfits during my NYC vacation, I might as well budget for quality underwear. I was a dummy and walked in with no appointment.  However, I told Crystal that I only needed one a bra, a strapless/convertible bra.  She snuck in some time between her last appointment and lunch to give me a quick consultation. I showed her the sad state the strapless I had on was in.  She took a quick look and asked what size I was wearing.  Many places where I got fittings told me I was a 38D.  She left for about 5 minutes and came back with a bra in two different sizes.   (No shame in changing in front of complete strangers later...) Praise Jesus and the undergarment deities above!  For the first time in ages The Twins were lifted and fully supported without straps.  I was standing straighter and felt 10 pounds lighter.  The change was so dramatic my off-shoulder tunic fell off.  "You're a 36E," she told me while I was twirling around like a pretty princess in my new bra.  The bra was convertible to boot.  Even the straps didn't strangle me doing the one-shoulder option.  The fit felt so good I didn't take the bra off.  I bought it and walked off wearing it. Set up an appointment and pony up more cash for negligee from Bra Tenders.  Your back (and your chest) will thank you for it.
I'm not a 42D. I'm a 38E! NO WONDER NOTHING EVER FIT ME RIGHT!   I had to wait for a while, but I'm in the service business and I know that appointments don't always run on time, I just had some chocolate and chilled in the waiting area, and read a magazine.    I think it was Crystal who waited on me. She asked what I normally wear and made a funny face when I told her and came back with half a dozen bras that felt like someone was holding the girls up for me. the harlem boys' choir started singing when I put these bras on.   I easily spent about half of the equivalent of a month's rent on the LES on some really great bras. I look 10 lbs lighter in clothes and have been getting catcalled all week.   Apparently the sexy stuff goes fast in large sizes, there were only a couple of really sexy bras, but several moderately sex that I felt were great for every day. I'm getting on the mailing list or whatever they have to notify me. *the only thing I didn't like was the restroom key was attached to a ratty old nude-tone G-string. It was gross. Black wouldn't look so.....dirty, but the nude one was unsavory to even look at or touch.
I've gone to Bra Tenders twice.  The first time was to search for a bra to wear under my wedding gown.  I made an appointment and met with Marla. We discussed what my dress looked like and she went to find some options.  She came back with a few and helped me try them on.  I decided on a corset strapless bra and a pair of spanx and went on my way.  My first fitting the bra seemed to work well.  Once my dress was taken in, the bra no longer worked with the dress, turns out I didn't need one at all, but that's another story.  So I called Marla to let her know and luckily I was within the 30 day bridal return policy.  They took it back no problem and gave me a credit.  So brides, make an appointment to go the same week as your first fitting, so that way you have your second fitting within the 30 day window. My second experience I went to use up the credit.  I arrived and Crystal introduced herself to me.  What a sweetie!  I was looking for an everyday bra, so she checked me out and went on her search.  She came back with a couple of options.  Got me into each and even had me try on a tank top to see how they looked.  I let her know which I liked and she proceeded to bring me lots more options, I must have tried on about  8 bras and I walked away with 3. It is an odd experience, meeting with a fitter and taking off your bra and having the fitter help you into it and adjust you as necessary, but boy does it work!  I can't believe how much better I look and feel.
If i wasn't already engaged i would have proposed to raquel right then and there.  I went in this afternoon for a wedding ensamble to hide all the bumps and bulges motherhood has bestowed on me.  My fiance was running late and I had to drag my poor 3 year old in with me - and she gave him a few wind up toys some paper and crayons to entertain his hyperactive self.  She took a 30 second look at the pics of me in my gown and was back with the perfect thing - and the perfect thing was no where near as expensive as i expected!!!  Then she brought me the spanx, and dear lord in heaven i dropped a dress size right then and there.... i will be returning to this amazing store for my next and all future lingerie purchases... the store was so laid back with an adorable kitty lounging around and the male owner ( his name escapes me at the moment) all smiles and hellos - even with my son who was bound and determined to embarrass me.  When my fiance got there they were just as accommodating to him - and all in all it was a great experience!  I was in and out in under an hour and that was perfect for me!
Thank goodness for Bra Tenders.  I've been to a few different specialty bra shops in the city (Orchard Corset, Town Shop), but this is the best.  You have to make an appointment and secure it with a credit card; if you don't show up you are charged a fee.  The bad part about having a private appointment is that you are pretty much expected to buy something... on the other hand, you have one person all to yourself to help you find whatever you are looking for.  So come here only if you are serious about buying some high-quality bras, not just to shop around.  The prices are a little bit higher than Town Shop, but it's worth it to not have to wait in line for someone to help you.  They also gave me a discount on a third bra when I said I could only afford to buy 2 standard ones (they said they can only do discounts on the bras that are released seasonally, not the ones that are standard and always available).  Plus, they keep a record of your purchases so you can come back again and buy the same thing in the same size. I also made a last-minute appointment when I realized that my newly-tailored wedding dress showed off my muffin top a little too much, and they found some excellent undergarments for me that easily solved the problem.  They saved the day!
The first thing I want to address is this: If you are looking for a smooth bra to go under a thin silky dress where every little lump and stich will show, this is your place. I came here looking for something to go under my wedding dress, which I was beginning to think was impossible. My dress is a 30s style thin silk dress with a low back. I was convinced I was going to have to go bra-less for my wedding (and uh, quite frankly, dancing would be a real pain if that were the case). I'm a jerk and didn't get the name of the girl who helped me, but as I watched her come up with a solution, I quickly realized she is basically a doctor of bras. She ended up making me a concoction of a low back corset, spanx to go over the waist part of the corset and cups to put OVER the top part to hide the seams and create a smooth look. Yeah, it's a lot of stuff, but I was thrilled to get home and find that it worked perfectly with my dress. Hooray! The damage for the three pieces together was $186, but I consider this to be a pretty good investment for my wedding day.
A year and a half ago, tired of being told a different bra size at every place I went, and still getting 4-boob syndrome, back pain, and absolutely no support from my bras, I started doing research and somehow ended up at Bra Tenders. The fact that you need to call in advance to set up an appointment, and buzz up to get in (it's not a regular storefront) was daunting, but I figured...anything to get a correctly fitting bra, for once! And hey, I don't HAVE to buy anything. The person I spoke to on the phone was chatty and friendly, and so was my salesperson once I arrived. She took one look at me, asked what size  bra I was wearing, and came back with tons of bra in all shapes and styles. I couldn't believe how well they fit - support, coverage and lift! Before I left, the saleslady went over proper care, when I should think about buying new bras, and even the correct way to put them on. True, the prices are not cheap, but I haven't found the same brands and styles for cheaper anywhere else, even online, and they introduced me to the ONLY sports bra that I feel supported using and some of my favourite bras to this day (even after shopping around and purchasing other styles from more places). Plus, the value of a GOOD fitting cannot be underestimated. I haven't been back since then - mostly because I moved away for a year after my visit, and I actually know what size to ask for now when I go elsewhere, but I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is unsatisfied with the bras/fittings they've gotten elsewhere.
5 stars. 10 stars? A MILLION! I had an unsuccessful bra-shopping experience at American Eagle last weekend that left me super-frustrated. NOTHING fit.  After venting my frustrations, a friend recommended going to Bra*Tenders. I am now indebted to this friend for life. I made an appointment (you HAVE to schedule an appointment, it says so on the website) and was promptly greeted by Cristal, who was absolutely fantastic! She correctly assessed my size just by looking at me; she's really a pro! She asked me what I was looking for, what I wanted to spend, and then brought several bras that matched my criteria. During my appointment, Cristal instructed me on how to correctly put on a bra and how to care for them once I found the ones I liked. I wound up spending no more than I would have at Victoria's Secret or any department store and getting a personalized experience with MUCH better bras. I will DEFINITELY be returning when it's time to buy my wedding lingerie, but I have I feeling I'll be back even sooner!
I came here to buy something for under my wedding dress -- a slinky little number that showed everything. I bought my dress at Kleinfeld's, which doesn't sell bras or other undergarments (which to me is unbelievable). I went to Bra Tenders (which specializes in this kind of item), and they were surprised that no one from Kleinfeld's had advised me to get undergarments earlier on in the process. Basically, since my dress had already been altered, they couldn't put me in anything like a corset because there wouldn't be room, so we decided on Spanx -- not the most glamorous or comfortable thing, but something that would do the job. I showed pictures of me in my dress to the lovely woman who assisted me (didn't bring my dress), and that was enough for her (she was wearing Spanx herself that day!). I was grateful that Bra Tenders helped me out. If you're getting married, I advise coming here for your undergarments. Seriously, they have everything.
I love this place!! I have been coming here for years, after having consistently struck out at most mainstream stores. I have a very difficult size to find (30DD), so I am usually happy if a store carries 2 or 3 bras in my size. Happily, Bra*Tenders has oodles! Raquel, the fitter-extraordinaire, always finds exactly what I need: sports bras, seamless bras, pretty lacy bras (you have no idea how hard it is to find bras in my size that look like they might be worn by someone under 60), plunge bras, backless bras, you name it! The prices are not cheap, but a well-made bra makes whatever you wear over it look that much better. Plus, if you are a hard-to-find size like I am, the sheer variety and selection will make you feel like you've died and gone to brassiere heaven!!
Ignorance is not bliss, particularly when it comes to bra sizes.  My personal fitting last night revealed that I have been wearing bras 2-3 cup sizes too small for years!  As some of the other reviewers have said, wearing the right size and picking the girls up to where they belong really does make me look slimmer!  I now have a great selection of bras that actually fit me and feel great.  You'll never see me cross the threshold of a Victoria's Secret again.
Bra Tenders is life changing!  The sales people were very friendly and helpful.  The bras were fitted correctly and in a polite way.  Bras are normal prices, not just special lingerie that you'll only wear once in a while.  My foundation is much better now, such a great experience!
One of the best bra-shopping experiences I've ever had. It was easy, fun...and Cristal, who fitted me was fabulous, friendly and a complete pro (she got 3 bras right on the first try). I'd recommend this place to everyone I know. it's worth the little extra price to find great quality bras that fit perfectly. Especially great for those special occasion underthings. Go. Now.
LOVE this hidden gem!  They outfitted my post-pregnancy (with full term twins!) body into incredible shape wear.  Perhaps I won't need a tummy tuck after all.....
Today I had a terrific bra shopping experience with Cristal. Bra Tenders is a very calm and inviting environment: cozy seats, candy dishes, fresh water and spacious dressing rooms. I'd been to four other bra shops around the city--luckily we have many options in NYC--seeking the perfect skin garment to go with my wedding dress.  In these other stores I've consistently found salespeople trying to make their stock garments work on my body rather than seeking an undergarment to work with my body. Cristal really listened to my needs and took the time to help me find the right bra.  I'm almost certain my purchase will compliment my dress.. and in the event that it doesn't work, they have a 30 day return policy on wedding undergarments so I'll just go back and try again. Thanks, Bra Tenders for a fantastic shopping experience! !
They lost my business. My first experience with Bra Tenders was nice.  I was properly fitted and I spent close to $400.00 on new bras and lingerie.  I was always planning on coming back to the store in May or June to purchase a new bathing suit or two.  I called the store last Friday, May 17th, and asked if I needed an appointment to just come in and shop for suits?  I already knew my size and didn't need the 1X1 help.  She said I had to make an appointment. I was booked for the next day and I understood the CANCELlation policy. On that Saturday morning, my friend calls and was able to get us tickets to a show we really wanted to see, but they played that afternoon.  I called Bra Tenders at 8:40am that morning and left a message to see if I could NOT CANCEL, but just move my appointment to another date? A girl called me a few hours later and said the best she could do is move me to earlier that day or she would have to charge me the $100.00 "Cancellation Fee".  I told her I wasn't cancelling, I had every intention of spending a good amount of money in their store and kindly asked if they could move my appointment to Sunday or Monday?  She said no and said that their policy is to charge the $100.00, no matter what the "excuse".   I told her I'm sure they have a waitlist (They do and she informed me that it was full) of people that would love to take my appointment and again, I am not cancelling, I'm just trying to reschedule....AND I didn't even need any 1X1 help! Therefore, I wasn't really keeping them from any business or making any money.  I was trying to give them MINE.   The associate then asked me to hold and she got another woman on the phone to "deal with me". They didn't budge and said they would be charging me the $100.00 if I didn't show for my appointment.  I told her that she will lose my business if she does this, as in, I will NEVER come back.  That didn't seem to matter to her.  They would much rather TAKE my $100.00, without providing ANY kind of service, and lose my business.  Sad. I will never go back to Bra Tenders again.
My boobs and myself would love to thank Crystal for making us a perfect match! This was my second time back at Bra Tenders and do not see myself going anywhere else. I never thought I would be able to find the proper bra to fit my 40DD's (which after being fitted ...I am a 34G THE CORRECT SIZE) Thank you Crystal for eliminating the embarrassing bra showing, buttons popping open in the front moments!
I did a Yelp search for "bra" and Bra Tenders was the first on the list.  After reading the reviews on here, I had to give it a try.  The one bad review mentioned a different employee, but almost all of the good reviews were referring to the fitter named Cristal.  I e-mailed them and was told to call to make an appointment, which I did.  I got the exact date and time that I wanted, which was great.   When I got there, Cristal took one look at me, grabbed a few bras, and put them on me.  I didn't have to do a thing - she did all the lifting and tucking, and all I had to do was stand there and peek in the mirror!  She didn't even measure me, and almost everything she handed me fit.  She was honest about what looked good and what didn't, and had no problems making multiple runs when I got picky about design/color.  Not only was she great at what she does, but she was very laid-back and easy to talk to.  Also, when I was debating over whether to buy 2 or 3 of the ones I'd liked, she gave me a discount that allowed me to get all 3.  All together, it was $200 for 3 bras, but they're worth it. Oh, and they have an adorable kitten running around that you can play with while you're waiting! Here's the best part of all:  MY BREASTS LOOK FABULOUS!! LOL... thanks, Cristal! The only reason I took a star off is because there are no refunds, returns, or exchanges.  I can understand that policy on underwear, but come on, for a bra??  I often buy bras that feel fine in the dressing room, but then discover after wearing it for several hours that it doesn't work.  One of the bras I bought fits great, but is just *slightly* too tight on my back makes the underwire dig into my chest a little.  I'm hoping it will stretch out, since I can't return it.  That's my only gripe, though.  Other than that, I'm very pleased.
Nice place and really great staff... love the merchandise, I know, I'm gonna be coming here for a long time...
This place is wonderful. I've been getting my everyday bras here for the last 4 years, after a recommendation from a friend. It is very easy to spend a lot of money but they are beautiful bras and comfortable and are well made so they last a long time (if you take good care of them). All the staff that have helped me have been wonderful and the bras fit great and are super flattering. They always seem to know exactly what I want and what will look great. So worth the money!!
Bra Tenders is the kind of place you need to know about since you can't spot it from the street.  It is on the 6th floor of an Art Deco office building.  Thanks to Yelp, we struck gold.  What a fantastic experience my sister and I had with Natasha!  We came in to get fitted for undergarments for my upcoming wedding with the typical lady concerns (belly, hips, unusual bra sizes).  Natasha was cheerful, patient and took the time to explain the process without being pushy at all.  We walked out with perfect ensembles (plus some everyday bras, because we couldn't resist), feeling great.  We will definitely be back.
Fantastic! A great fitting, wonderful staff, comfortable space, stunning array of beautiful choices.  Such impressive and competent service!  Wearing my new "poodle of a bra" with pride!
What a fantastic experience I had at Bra Tenders today! I needed to find a bra to go with my wedding dress, and based on the previous Yelp reviews I decided I had to try it. I was so pleased with my experience. I was helped by Dani, and she made me feel really comfortable right away. Right off the bat she brought in a bra for me to try on to determine my correct size, and lo and behold that bra felt 1000 times better than the one I walked in wearing. She was really efficient in helping me find what I was looking for, but at the same time didn't make me feel rushed or pressured in any way. I walked out with two pieces that will make me feel great on my wedding day! And all at a reasonable price. Based on prior online shopping, these bras were the around the same price and I was able to try them on first with an expert. I can't wait to go back to get bras in my real size and see what other magic they can work! Overall, I highly recommend Bra Tenders.
I do not exaggerate when I say that Bra Tenders changed my life. I'd never been able to consistently find a well-made bra that was also pretty. I'd given up on Victoria's Secret a long time ago, and all the bras that I was finding in Macy's or wherever were useless, because large-breasted women are "supposed" to wear V-necks and scoop-necks as their most flattering cut, and yet all the bras at department stores for large-breasted women came up to my freaking neck. When my equally giant-breasted friend had an amazing experience at Bra Tenders, I was totally excited to go myself. The saleswoman who helped me, Cristal, was simply wonderful. First of all, she didn't make me hate myself by making snide-ass comments about my body or saying something like WHOA YOUR BREASTS ARE GIGANTIC. Second of all, she didn't even need to measure me- she just took a good look at me and brought me a whole bunch of different bras, ALL OF WHICH FIT. BEAUTIFULLY. I asked her how she did that, and she said, "I look at breasts all day!" Like she really knew which bras would look really perfect on me- and when I tried one that didn't, she immediately said so. The bras were expensive, but damn, they were good bras. I'm willing to spend that money if it's going to make all of my clothes look better. And I ought to mention that the fitting itself is free- it's only when you buy the bras that you shell out the big bucks, but it's so worth it to know your correct size (32E/F, thank you very much). This is pretty life-changing because most traditional stores only carry up to a DD at most, which means that most people are conditioned to think that DD is the biggest breasts can be. But the truth is, a lot of women's breasts are bigger than that. Cristal said that they carry up to size M. No matter what size you're wearing, whether it's a 30G or a 40A, if you're wearing a bra that fits, you will look amazing. Your clothes will fit better, your posture will improve. And it's just a damn nice thing to do for yourself, to have pretty, high-quality underthings. My confidence skyrocketed when I started wearing my new bras. And the best part was that everyone was like, "You look different, did you get a haircut or something?" Bahahahahahaha. I recommend Bra Tenders to absolutely anyone who wants a big change with relatively little effort in a very caring and fun environment.
Cristal is an f'n magician. That is all.
Crystal was amazing.  Easy experience.  Being that I'm busty and have a hard time finding the right bra, this was effortless.  I will come back again.  5 stars.
If you're a bride/bridesmaid or just looking for the perfect undergarments for your special day, this is the place. The boutique itself, is not a lot of bells and whistles, but never fear! The complete, undivided attention you receive more than makes up for it. All I did was make an appointment and show up and I left with exactly what I needed. Crystal was a joy to work with and made the experience seamless and fun. She brings out several items at a time and creates the perfect shaping for your body type. I am now excited about wearing my evening gown in a few weeks knowing that I have the proper undergarments to look my absolute best! Well worth the money spent.
I cannot recommend this place enough. According to Bra Tenders and other purveyors of undergarments that I am quoting, "92% of women are wearing the wrong bra size." About a year ago, I was encouraged to get a bra fitting while I was in London from one of the top undergarment boutiques in the city. I reluctantly went in thinking...."Well, I'm not one of the 90-something percent..I KNOW my bra size." I didn't. I didn't have a clue. And I walked out with three new bras that changed my life. However, I kept wondering..."Am I now going to have to order from London when I need replacements?" No longer do I have to worry. I am involved in the theatre and the costume department sent me to Bra Tenders yesterday to get some streamlined foundation garments. (They specialize in undergarments for actors, dancers, singers, stage performers and there are signed tee shirts all over the walls.)  I asked to see some bras for personal wear as well and was fit into the most perfect bras I've ever had. Price: This place is not cheap, but you are going to spend $40 plus dollars on bras that are cheaply made and that don't fit anyway...so, why not spend another $30 or so and get one that will change your entire shape and make you look taller, thinner and more confident.? You should make a an appointment because this place is very "boutique-y" and is small. It's also located within a larger building with security and it would be advisable that the shop knows you're coming - that way, they can leave your name downstairs and there is less hassle to go through. They also have a buzzer at the door of the shop; so, this is a pretty exclusive place. I believe that they also specialize in helping ladies find the right undergarments for wedding gowns...which is a MUST.
I can't help but notice that most of the positive reviews on this site are for Cristal, so maybe my experience would have been better if I had worked with her. The sales girl who assisted me was in a terrible rush, and made me feel like I was in her way. She had a very juvenile attitude and with all the other stress I was under to plan my wedding, she had me leaving the store ready to burst into tears. I will not return to Bra Tenders. There are other places to shop in NYC.
Had a great experience with Crystal. She was bubbly and efficient and stayed with me the whole time except when she went to fetch more bras to try. I'd never gone for a proper fitting, so I wasn't sure what to expect, but I loved what she was able to find for me. She took the time to answer my questions and explain what was going on. The bras were very reasonably priced, between $50 and $70. Overall a great experience and I will be back!
I was pretty skeptical when I first read these amazing reviews but after my first visit, I'm a convert. I made two back-to-back appointments -- one for me and one for my mom -- and we both left with a bag full of goodies. Cristal was super attentive,  listened to our requirements (I needed undergarments for my wedding dress, my mom needed great shapewear with a low back), and totally delivered on her promise. The bras are expensive but absolutely worth it!
FYI: They are by appointment only-which it does NOT say on YELP!  I found them after doing a search on SPANX for retailers, then looked them up here.  You cannot just "pick up" the shapewear, they also have you try it on before you purchase-so you NEED an appointment for that as well.  So please, Bra Tenders, put this fact on YELP. The Good: The person who helped me find shapewear was very knowledgable and the shapewear is fabulous.  She also quickly noticed that my bra wasn't quite the right fit and had me try on a size she thought was my real size (which fit perfectly) so she could note it for later [I wasn't in to pick up a bra-just wanted the shapewear]. The Not So Good: I was encouraged to purchase a longline bra when I went in to "pick up" shapewear (which you can't, you need an appointment as I already stated in the FYI) for a wedding gown (I was going wedding gown shopping in a few days).  I was told at the time that if I didn't end up needing it, I could always return it (as long as it wasn't worn and was in perfect, resellable condition with the tags still attached) since I wasn't sure what kind of dress I would be getting.  I don't know if I misheard or if the person mis-spoke as it seems they do NOT accept returns.  They only do "exchanges" meaning you get store credit when you bring back something you do not need, with tags still on that has not been worn at all.  Sad to say that the dress I purchased does NOT need a bra at all as it has boning built into the chest area.   ****Had I been informed that it could only be "exchanged" for store credit at the time, I would NOT have purchased it.***** Don't buy anything if you aren't 100% positive you will need it-since you won't get your money back if you don't.
So, I went to Bra-Tenders, but didn't realize that without an appointment I couldn't even try on my purchase -- the woman was not clear about that on the phone. Also, they have a no returns policy... so I wasn't exactly happy to spend $40 on something I could not try on or return. In the end, it worked out and everything was fine, but definitely don't go without an appointment.
I had a wonderful experience at Bra Tenders. Marla helped me find the perfect bra. It turns out I was wearing the wrong size bra this whole time luckily I was able to find some that fit great and make me look great in clothes.
I cannot stress enough how much every woman should visit here!  Cristal was wonderful, and I've never had any bra fit as nice and feel as comfortable as the ones I just purchased. I feel amazing while wearing them!  I will definitely be purchasing by mail until I can visit here again.
I have to say all the love for Bra Tenders is DESERVED. From the moment I walked in, I was made to feel like the most important woman in the store, a far cry from the usual brief attention you get from a bra fitter at so many other stores.  Lori did a great job picking out a variety of styles (the selection seemed endless) and her eyeball measurement was spot on.  The best part though, she spent more than an hour with me yet I didn't feel pressured to buy anything.   I've already told 3 friends they need to go and cant wait to wear all my new purchases.
This place is amazing! Cristal is absolutely an expert in determining fit, and I felt like a new person when I left, because I was so comfortable. Every woman should know about this place and come here to get the right bra. All around the shop are camisoles autographed by celebrities who have been here, since they fit stars for most Broadway shows. Most women are in the wrong bra.....go to BraTenders to be treated like a star and get the fit that makes you comfortable!
Went for bridal undergarments... I don't know how I feel about this place because I didn't have the best experience. As soon as I got there I was put into a room and told to undress. The woman who helped me checked out the bra I was wearing and then brought in some bras for me to try on. I was there to purchase undergarments for my wedding dress, so I did not understand why she needed to see a regular bra on me, but I guess it's just part of their process. After trying on the bras, she asked to see a few pictures of my wedding dress. I showed her pictures of me in the dress and also reassured her after viewing them that the front of my dress was very low cut. She came back with a few bustiers. I tried a few on and finally decided that out of all of them, one was the most comfortable, although I did feel that it was pushing on my back and creating back fat. The woman made me feel like I was crazy for saying that I saw back fat, but I called my mom in and she said she saw it too, but it wasn't that bad. My issue with the bustier was that it came up so high between the breasts and I was pretty sure it would not work with my dress. I showed the woman the picture again and asked her if she was sure it would work. She said it was the only bustier they had that was low cut in the back and that they didn't carry anything that was also low cut in the front. She also told me that my seamstress would definitely be able to cut the bustier and sew it into my dress so that it wouldn't be an issue. I was still unsure and sort of knew in my gut that it wouldn't work, but then thought that because they deal with brides all the time, and bridal reflections recommended them, that I should listen to what she said. I voiced my concerns to my mother again, but ultimately decided to buy the bustier. I should have gone with my guy, because sure enough when I went in for my first fitting the following week (last night), my seamstress assured me that the bustier cannot be cut because of where the boning is. I was really upset, but they actually had a low cut front and back bustier in the salon that worked. I'm now having to return the one I bought from bar tenders. I will likely give my store credit to someone else. I am perplexed as to why a store that specializes in bras and bridal under garments doesn't carry a bustier like this. So many girls are opting for low cut and backless dresses these days. This type of undergarment should be a staple in the store. I called the store today and Angela told me that they used to carry a body suit like that but it was discontinued. My advice is not to go here if you need something for a low cut or backless dress, especially if you have bigger breasts and need support. I am a 34 E according to bra tenders. I am not a big girl, I wear a size 4, just have a big chest. I would also advise that you go with your gut and not let yourself be pressured into buying something. The lacey spanx type things I got are great, much better than regular spanx. I think they are from a bra tenders line.
I have gone to other places for bras for as long as I can remember and have never felt really great about how my breasts looked, especially as I've gotten older and a bit larger over the years.  I had heard of Bra Tenders from some girlfriends back East and had the opportunity to meet with Lori while she was visiting the West Coast.  She sized me up within minutes of our meeting.   Lori has an absolute gift for knowing exactly which styles will fit each body.  Each of the bras, including a sexy lacy number, that Lori selected for me to try fit me beautifully and had me feeling so much better about myself and "the girls".  I'm so excited to have a flirty sexy bra that actually fits me!  I stopped buying them out of the frustration of not finding anything that was both sexy and supporting.  It's amazing what a difference a properly fitting bra can make!  I wish I'd called her sooner as I feel and look fantastic.  Thank you Lori and Bra Tenders!!
As good as it gets! Yes indeed, this description fits Bra Tenders. Raquel helped my sister find the right undergarments for her wedding dress three and a half years ago, and I made a mental note to come back for my own wedding. I am continually impressed with the professionalism, product knowledge, friendliness, and customer service that has been the standard of every visit I've made to Bra Tenders since that day several years ago. I recommend them to people on the street. I drag family members from out of town there. I nag my girlfriends who haven't bought bras in years to do their back a favor and make an appointment. I wouldn't have the audacity to do this if I didn't believe in their standard of service. :) And I'm just a run-of-the-mill gal who got married once. I can only imagine what lifesavers they are for people in theater with a last-minute jam late at night! I was prompted to write this review from a recent experience: I made a stop at a lingerie store on the Upper East Side. The staff didn't (as it turned out after the fact) have the product knowledge I needed to find the right undergarment for my outfit, and I ended up with a purchase I then had to return. After the hassle of trying to convince them to take it back for a store credit and an attempt to find a bra to purchase instead, I was told my bra size was (eyeball-rolling) 'difficult' and 'besides, you can't buy a bra for that amount of money anyway'. At that moment, I realized there was really no point in going anywhere else--I've never had that kind of hassle and treatment at Bra Tenders! I'll stick with them, thank you very much, forever 'n ever amen. ;)
I was in serious need of properly fitting bras as all of mine were uncomfortable.  I felt comfortable and un-self-conscious despite the fact I was half naked.  My fitters (I've been back more than once to get more!) listened to what I wanted in a bra, and didn't have her own agenda for what kind of bra I should have while figuring out my actual size. I left looking great in my clothes while still having comfort.
I never thought I would say that I had a great time shopping for such an intimate item, but it was a wonderful experience at Bra Tenders. I met with Crystal and was a little anxious about getting measured. She was a total professional who put me at ease and made me feel comfortable about the whole process. She was super knowledgeable about everything and took the time to explain to me the process of getting into the bra but also why I shouldn't feel bad that while I went down in band size my cup size seemed to have gone up. I felt like a new person after the experience. My figure looked slimmer and my bust was up higher and sat where it should be. The bras are beautiful and they really do add to a woman's confidence because if you are comortable and feel good underneath your clothes, you project that on top of them as well. As soon as I got home I threw away all my ill fitting Victoria Secret bras and look forward to going back for another visit with Crystal to continue my bra collection.
After years of walking around in awkwardly ill-fitting VS bras, I finally called Bra Tenders for a fitting. My appointment was with Cristal, who did an incredible job of making me comfortable, and getting me in the correct size. I walked out happily with strapless/convertibles in two styles and colors. I then went in for an everyday/t-shirt kind of bra, with Dani. I was a little underwhelmed with the selection this time around- but after an hour felt like I needed to leave with something, so I settled- and haven't been as happy with that purchase. Unfortunately, their return policy is really unforgiving (no returns or exchanges), as is their appointment cancellation/rescheduling policy ($100 fee for rescheduling within 24 hours). So while I would definitely recommend getting at least one fitting here with their attentive and knowledgeable staff, particularly for a special occasion undergarment- now that I know my correct size, I will probably order my bras from elsewhere in the future, so that I can return/exchange as needed.
So everyone has pretty much covered the great experience you will get here, so I'm just confirming all of that. Everyone was really nice, from the person I made my appointment with on the phone, to the woman who checked me in, and Cristal who worked with my for my fitting. Cristal was super nice and friendly and helpful. I went in looking for something to wear under my wedding dress, and she made really great suggestions without being pushy. They have a strict final sale policy on everything except bridal corsets, which can be exchanged within 30 days for any merchandise or store credit. They carry lots of different bras including basics like Wonderbra, so there's definitely a range of prices unlike a place like Intimacy. I would highly recommend for both bridal and everyday.
Crystal is fantastic!.  She measured me and I discovered I've been wearing the wrong bra size for a for a long time.  Now I wear a bra that is both flattering and incredibly comfortable!
Best service ever!! and best selection of bridal needs
I can't rate this place as anything but a 5 because finding the right bra is a life changing experience. I went here because I was searching for the right under garment for my wedding dress. I have spent far too many years in the wrong size bra *glares at Victoria Secret*. they measured me at a 36C- D and even though it felt wrong the sales associate made me feel like something was wrong with me for not being comfortable in the bra she put me in. Sort of difficult for a teenager to feel empowered buying a bra and I ended up wearing their junk for over a decade! Enters Bra Tenders- I make an appointment and the sales associate looks at me in my shirt and current bra and comes back with a bra and helps me into it without showing me the size- turns out it was a 32F-G. I almost passed out for several reasons 1) had no clue I was packing that kind of punch 2) the years of unnecessary pain I dealt with from the lack of proper support. I had the sales associate cut the tags out of the bra on the spot and I threw the Victoria Secret bra in their garbage.  Now these bras are expensive but once your know what size and brand you wear you can buy brand new with tags attached bras on Ebay for 1/3 of the price. Every woman needs a professional bra fitting and you should probably get one whenever your weight goes up or down. I had one annoying experience- I brought a picture of my wedding dress and a sample of the material. I was fitted in a corset that was extremely bulky and not appropriate for the dress. You could see the bra through it. It was around $110- this place does not do refunds they only give you credit. I called and explained what had happened and they let me do the exchange. I was fitted the 2nd time in an appropriate bra that was $60 less. I used the difference to buy another bra.  I sent two other friends that were getting married to this place and they were sold the same $110 bra that was not appropriate for their dress and also had to the same exchange I did. I didn't think much of my experience until it happened to 2 other people the same way. It makes me think that they are guaranteeing a certain amount of business to the store by fitting people in things that won't work for them. It was just too odd to be a coincidence.
I came here for under-garments for my wedding gown. Really friendly and knowledgeable staff. However, REALLY overpriced and VERY strict return policy (no returns or exchanges). I found the exact same bra for half the price at Linda's Bras. I would definitely look elsewhere for honest reasonable prices next time.
I am so grateful for Bra Tenders.  Ladies, if you don't already go there, it's a must.  Do your body AND your spirit a favor and make an appointment.  I am thankful to live in NYC, but if I didn't, I would drive across the country for these bras.
If you're looking for the right, form flattering bra and excellent customer service, then this is the place. Usually I purchase bras from VS but decided to see what other yelpers recommended. I made an appointment to stop by during my lunch break. Two saleswomen helped me out by fitting me for the right size (I've been wearing the wrong size) and bringing out bras to sample based on my feedback. So I left with two bras, spending under $100. If this is something that you'll be wearing almost everyday for months and maybe even years, then consider it an investment ladies! I feel a boost of confidence wearing the right support for my frame. After this great experience, I don't see myself going back to VS for bras again.
Amazing Crystal is a must for any actress to look their best for auditions. She takes the time to assess your wants and needs and goes from there. There's a 15% AEA discount, and it's worth every penny.
I just went to BraTenders to find a corset to wear under my wedding gown and have to say it was probably one of the best shopping experiences I have had in NYC. It's appointment only and you have your own spacious try-on room and receive amazing service from the staff. I wanted to look va-va-voom for my wedding and the staff knew just how to make it happen. I also picked up a body shaper to wear under a pre-wedding party dress. While I spent more than I expected, I was so impressed with how good the stuff there makes you look, I didn't even ask how much it was, as I was prepared to pay for it. The body shaper was $77, so I think the corset came out to about $125 but everything was well worth it! Will be back for proper fitting bras after my bank account recovers from my wedding!
I went to BraTenders without very high expectations. After all, I thought Town Shop on the UWS was the best bra store in the city, and the bra I got there gave me major spillage and back pain. So how much better could BraTenders be?? Apparently, very. The  signed tank tops hanging on the walls, from people like Kate Winslet and Gloria Steinem, should have tipped me off--these people know what they are doing. It's been 24 hours since I walked out with my new purchases, and I feel like a new person. Cristal spent about two hours with me, bringing me bra after bra to try on. She didn't try to convince me to settle for something less than perfect, she didn't tell me that it was the best I could hope for given my awkward size. She just patiently helped me with one after another from the seemingly endless inventory and gave me honest feedback on each one. She really listened to my preferences and priorities and found bras that really fit those specifications--in my hard-to-find size! In the end, I settled on the first and last bras I had tried on, and Cristal spent the extra time with me making sure I knew how to put them on properly. I know BraTenders is rated with three $, but I really don't think it should be. After all, the prices are exactly the same as any other boutique bra store or higher end bras in departments stores (about 60-80 for the ones I tried on.) But that comes with the attention and care of an expert fitter and a guarantee that you walk out looking amazing. If you have an unusual size, you can either spend $50 on a Victoria's Secret bra that will never ever work for you, or you can spend only $20 more to be taken care of properly by Cristal. If you look at it that way, it's a huge moneysaver. I will be sending every girl I know over to Cristal and her bra-fitting expertise. Thank you so much!
I have been to Bra Tenders MANY times now. I'm such a fan that I brought my sister, visiting from Florida, who I believe is an F (and has had two babies)! I originally went to Crystal for everyday bras but now I go if I need a strapless or special occasion. Crystal told me to bring the formal dress in question(brilliant!) and we found the perfect bra. And they have "sensible" bras that are still super cute and comfortable! Invest in your girls, ladies! They will thank you!
I am newly obsessed with Bra Tenders. They are hands-down amazing. I work in wardrobe and lavishly booked a personal session since I know how highly regarded they are in the industry. I was blown away. Natasha (the sweetest person) worked with me to not only find the right fit but also the right cut and style. She took her time and tirelessly pulled sample after sample until we settled on a few to take home. She even put the ones I loved but couldn't get that day on a wish list. Natasha's expertise was spot-on. You can't imagine the confidence you can garner just by wearing the right fitting bra. Every day, it's like a little gift when I hook on one of these babies. I can't believe I got through my entire 20's and some of my 30's without going here sooner. It's somewhat of a right of passage for every woman in New York City. Go and ask for Natasha! She will take care of you! Highly recommended.
Seriously, the previous reviews are not exaggerating.  I was recommended to Bra Tenders by a friend who had a positively life changing experience after she got some awesome bras in her true size from them.  I walked into the store for my fitting, and immediately the lady helping me said, "I betcha anything you're a 32D".  She asked me what size I was wearing (36C), and told me that she could definitely find me something better.  Lo and behold, about ten minutes later, she had me in the best fitting bra I had ever worn in my life.  And yes, I am in fact a 32D.  I told her my budget, what I hoped to come away with, and what I didn't want, and she found me four perfect bras that met my criteria to a T!  I also came in WAAAAAAY under budget.  I will never, EVER go anywhere else to buy a bra; all these years, I might as well have just been throwing my money in the garbage.  No, none of my bras were dirt cheap, but neither were they expensive - think around $40.  For the record, that's WAY cheaper than Victoria's Secret, and no matter how tricked out a VS bra is, one that fits will ALWAYS look better.  I guess I could mention that they don't take AmEx . . . but seriously, I had such a good experience, I'm just not inclined to kvetch, ya know?
