Ever since my boyfriend bought a pair of selvedge jeans in the spring, I've been on the hunt for my own pair. Earlier this year, we'd wandered into Brooklyn Denim and I tried on a pair of Baldwin Ten Skinny jeans which I'd had my heart set on, but with the approaching hot summer I thought it best to leave the heavy denim purchase for the fall. Yesterday we came back to try out the Baldwin pair again, but unfortunately this time around they were sold out in my size. Having said that, the guy who helped me was super knowledgable and asked me a few questions about what I was looking for, then found several pairs for me to try on, including the Baldwins in a size up just to jog my memory a bit. Unlike most of my shopping experiences, I didn't feel at all pressured or condescended towards, just got a really friendly and helpful vibe as I tried on pair after pair of skinny and straight raw denim choices. When all was said and done, I ended up picking out a pair of 3sixteen slim straight jeans that needed hemming (which they do for free with purchase). Originally the quoted pickup time was going to be mid-week, however they ended up calling this morning to tell me that the jeans were ready for pickup. Wow! Now I've got a great pair of jeans to start my week with, and I couldn't be more happier that I have a dependable denim shop that I can find my size in. Yay!
What an experience. As a plus-size woman my options for denim are limited. I told the attendant what I wanted and he immediately pulled several styles for me, even helping me convert foreign sizing and grabbing me a tshirt to try them with as I was wearing a sun dress. Within 20min he had fitted me with my dream jeans, not giving up when the first few weren't right. A little pricey at $210 but made in the USA, excellent quality, a perfect souvenir of New York and a nice holiday treat to myself. I found the staff friendly, helpful and understanding. The only down side was that I wasn't able to take advantage of the free hemming service as it was a four day wait. Would highly recommend to all who have trouble buying the perfect jeans, especially if you are a unique shape or size. Allow some time to be correctly fitted.
I went to so many places trying to find a pair of black denim jeans that I felt would look good on my body type. Came here because I heard they carried Imogene and Willie jeans that had a style I thought might work and SO happy I did. The guy who helped me was super knowledgable, patient and gave me the personal attention I needed without feeling the least bit overbearing. He pulled the high waist, slim/straight style I was looking for, as well as another brand with the same fit and stayed close by the fitting rooms to help me with tips for fitting (they do hemming for free by the way) and size advice (I was convinced a size would be way too small and low and behold, it was perfect). Ended up getting the black denim jeans I had come in for (which were also sold out everywhere else I had looked) AND I'm definitely coming back for another pair in indigo that I'm now sold on thanks to them. Will not go anywhere else for denim from now on! Thanks guys.
Cute stuff, but WAYYYYYYYY too overpriced. I tried on a jacket I loved and was about to buy, but thought to do a quick google search and found the exact same jacket for more than $100 less at another store. Do your research first and you'll be fine.
Hands down the best denim store in NYC. Not only is their selection awesome but the guys who run it are super nice and patient. A far cry from every other denim spot in the city. Their tailoring is impeccable as well. Highly recommended.
Fantastic selection of jeans by various brands (including many small labels that are not easy to come by). The prices are reasonable for high quality denim (~$120/pair) and free hemming is available with purchase. The staff is friendly and helpful. The space itself is nicely designed and great care is taken to wrap purchased items in brown paper packaging neatly tied with string. Nice touch!
Great selection, helpful staff, and tailoring that is second to none. If you need your jeans altered, this is the place to do it. No fuss, quick turnaround, never had a problem.
As far as jeans are concerned, I am only shopping at Brooklyn Denim Co. from now on. I don't know why in the world it took me so long to finally stop in here but the selection, staff, and service are incredible. The prices range from around $85 (brands like BlankNYC) to $300+ but you won't find a better selection anywhere else (Levi's Made and Crafted, James, Joes, big star, williamsburg garment co. etc...)The staff helped me find the best fit for my shape and stood by the fitting rooms to offer comments and suggestions while I was trying to determine what made my ass look even more incredible. Best of all, it's not insanely crowded and you feel like you are actually getting personal attention rather than shopping at Urban Outfitters where I feel I may one day actually have a full-fledged panic attack.
Always a great selection. Came in because of a sale but the selection is too great not to pass up. Clearly they are doing something right because the store keeps getting bigger and bigger and they have their own line of denim now too.
Brooklyn Denim Co. is the best place to buy jeans that I have ever found.  Anywhere.  In any neighborhood, city, country, continent. The owner is incredibly knowledgable, has a wide variety of types of jeans and is friendly, patient and engaged.  The selection is great - it's bit pricer, but these are high-quality jeans.  You're buying jeans you can wear for years.  I consider them an investment. I had an issue with a pair of jeans (the zipper broke off the fly).  I brought it back to the store to see if they could repair it.  Not only did they repair it, they didn't charge a dime, because I bought the jeans there!  Additionally, I'm quite a bit taller than average, and I was able to find awesome jeans.  I've purchased a total of 4 pairs of jeans here in the past two years, and I'm happy with all of them. Great (and cute!) staff and great selection - if you're in the market for jeans, you'd be stupid to go anywhere else.
Soho prices have officially arrived at the western end of Williamsburg.  $250 for a pair of jeans?  Really?  All these styles I can find at Uniqlo and H&M.  Zara if I wanna go wild.   Still if you are a true connoiseur of denim, this may be your temple.  There was a sale table, and some really really nice cotton t-shirts.  Soft colors are easy on the eyes on a crazy hot sunny summer day like this one!
This was definitely my favorite store that I went to during my visit. The lady that helped me there was extremely friendly and helpful, she brought me probably about 15 pairs to try, she hung out outside the change rooms and gave me her opinion as well and I walked away with a new favorite pair of jeans ! They were very accommodating to me leaving the city and put me at the top to get my jeans hemmed (complimentary !). When I come back to New York this will definitely be one of my first stops !
This store makes me wish that I sold out and worked as something extra fancy so I could spend all of my fat paycheck on tons of denim and artisan purses and be a fabulous Williamsburerina. The dude that owns this place is totally passionate about what he does and what he sells. They know how to fit you and have a big selection of the "new" vintage levi's, blank, ag, james jeans, rogan, loomstate, lots of great stuff. Oh, and they do a mid-day happy hour on the weekend with beer, tequila, and whisky-- who doesn't like free drinks while shopping? It makes the guilt go away when you're putting things you can't afford on your credit card.
Love this place.  Completely takes all stress out of finding the perfect jeans.  Service is phenomenal.  I walk in and give them specs on the type of jeans I want: flair/no flair, price, waist height, size, etc, and they pick out the perfect jeans for me.  If the jeans are too long, they alter for free.  You can mostly only find high-end jeans here, so be prepared to spend at least $80.  I can't imagine going anywhere else.
Super friendly, totally unpretentious and passionate about what they do.  I hate shopping and I actually had a good time here.  Frank (one of the owners) was patient, informative and personable.  Totally not pushy, really seems to dig the stuff he sells. It's pricey (100-350), but they have some beautiful stuff.
Great work and even greater customer service from the associates to the tailors to the owner. Amazing.
... it's been awhile since I've been back - wow - it keeps getting better and better.  It's true : the staff are just too friendly ... really; it's crazy good (and great music too.) Ok but back to the goods - could there be more selection? Holy toledo!  They've expanded and given more options - it's like denim overdose - simply fantastic. Same fit and finish as before - a notch higher & greater range - obviously these guys love what they do cause it's showing through.   Amazing.
$200 FAIL. I was really disappointed in my experience at Brooklyn Denim Co. I have a hard time finding jeans that fit. I usually wear a size 8, but have narrow hips and thin legs, and most jeans I try on tend to fit in the legs and be too tight in the waist or fit the waist and be too loose in the rear and legs. After looking for years for the perfect pair of jeans, I finally made my way to BDC, thinking that people that specialize in jeans would be fit specialists as well. I found this not to be the case. When I explained my fit problems to the sales person and he gave me a wide-eyed look like he had no idea what I was talking about. He commenced just bringing out random pairs of jeans for me to try on, all of which were either too tight in the waist or too loose in the legs. I asked if he had any trouser-style jeans as I sometimes have luck with those. He brought me two pairs of jeans that demonstrated he didn't know what trouser style jeans were (he brought out flap-pocket jeans, but otherwise not trouser style). He was polite, but I could tell he was getting exasperated because nothing fit properly. The best pair I eventually tried on were still too tight in the waist, but he absolutely promised that the waistband would stretch out to a perfect fit with wear. I felt bad for taking so much of his time, and I believed him when he said they would stretch, so I bought them and had them hemmed. Unfortunately, the joke is on me. They did not budge an inch in the waist. So I am stuck with a pair of $200 jeans that I have to wear baggy tops over to cover the muffin top, and also are uncomfortable bc of the tight waist. I give two stars for the benefit of the doubt--maybe the issue was just with my sales person? (Though, honestly, all their sales people should be trained to help find the proper fit.) Also, the on-the-spot free hemming is a nice feature. If you never have trouble finding jeans that fit, and have over $200 to blow on a pair, this might be the place for you, but otherwise, I'd say try elsewhere.
The hem on the second pair of jeans has also fallen apart now as well. Would not return here to have anything tailored.
This store is a denim lovers paradise.  Frank, the owner of the store is incredibly friendly and just an all around nice guy.  I walked in here yesterday after hearing about this store on some various blogs.  Apparently, he has over 30 years of experience working for some of the top denim lines and opened his store because of the relationships he has with some of the top domestic and international boutique denim companies around today.  We chatted about how the owner of Tellason use to run a vineyard as well as how there are only 3-4 major denim mills left in the USA.  I wasn't even buying anything and he was more then happy to chat with me for a bit.  Will definitely be returning here when I get my next chunk of change.  Can't go wrong shopping here.
The people who work here are too happy to be working. I was forced to have a delightful experience. There are many, many pairs of jeans. The music is flawless.
Amazing selection, amazing customer service. Help when you need it, hands off when you don't. Let me exchange a pair many months after I bought them when they didn't stretch the way we anticipated. You'd be hard-pressed to find an independent shop anywhere, let alone NYC, that would be willing to help out like that.
LOVE this store!!  I guess it just opened, but what a gem!  I came across the store while I was visiting a friend in Brooklyn recently, and can't wait to go back.  Thanks so much for the AG Jeans and vintage tops!!  I'm actually wearing everything I bought right now.  hahaha. =)  Friendly service with a smile, great selection, and love the decor.  I will definitely be making a trip back here when I'm in town again.  Thanks again!
this place is the BEST place to find jeans ever! they have a huge wall of every awesome brand of jeans in every cut and color and size. the first time i was there for an hour and tried on literally 25 pairs. the staff is the nicest and most knowledgeable i've ever seen as well. if you want to find the perfect pair of jeans for you, this is the place for it.
I've enjoyed both of my visits to Brooklyn Denim Company - the staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and the space is beautifully laid out. There's something for everyone here... I really liked the selection and it seemed like extensive size selections are available from the brands they stock. On my second visit, I left with a vintage leather purse for my wife; I'm looking forward to returning again soon.
What a find! I didn't know what to expect when I walked in, but I asked a few questions and they brought me several pairs of jeans that were exactly what I was looking for. They seemed to know just what would fit me. They provide personal, friendly service and honest opinions - a huge plus where jeans are concerned. I walked out completely happy with my purchase, plus they hemmed my jeans for free (and quickly). I'd say the prices are worth it for a really good fitting pair of jeans - and nothing was outrageous in price. This will be my go-to store for my next denim purchase.
I really can't speak highly enough of this store. I stopped in here after reading the great reviews on yelp and came out completely satisfied. One of the owners, Frank, helped me out and really did a great job. He educated me about the products they carried and figured out some denim that would look good on me. I wish every store had this kind of commitment to customer service, quality products, and carrying merchandise made / sourced here in the U.S.
I've never bought their jeans(I've actually never bought anything from the store) but I will 100% recommend them for alterations and repairs.  I've brought adult and kids clothes there and they never disappoint. The owner is a nice guy-who asks all the right questions to get the  job done and the seamstress I've worked with is awesome!!!!! The price is perfect for the workmanship. Good for button holes(that is done on a special machine-most dry cleaners have to send out for that), taking in/letting out special fabrics, and expert rip/tear repairs. Thanks BDC!!!
I hate the idea of paying a nights work for a pair of jeans. However... The people who work here are great. They really are. My girlfriend likes to come into this place. (she is from L.A. and loves a jean store) Every time I am astonished at how attentive, laid-back and savvy their staff is. Good Job BDC!!!
Well well well!!!! I haven't been compelled to write a review in over 2 years, but in this case it MUST be warranted, I cannot express the gratitude to this place without leaving my lipstick on their asses..LMFAO!! just kiddin folks! I just want to say how thankful I am without sounding like a kiss ass. But in all reality, this place is amazing from the hair to the toe, I came in with a certain expectation,(That being said I wanted to buy a pair of Williamsburg jeans, and left with much more), The staff is beyond knowledgeable , I asked questions regarding jeans and I got answers regarding jeans. Its as simple as that! I thought I knew but I ending up with more coming out then going in, It's a fantastic place like some fairytale wonderland you hear in books only better, apart from jeans they have shirts, belts , keys chains, minor jewelry and vast knowledge which is more important than any of the before mentioned, My Advice is GO bring a hefty wallet and a good attitude, and all your wishes will come true and if you wanna window shop you can do that too. dont be afraid to step in and ask basic questions about denim and denim care, the people are great and humble. (I also needed some shoe issues resolved in which they sent me in the right direction). iT's a great place and I like great places with great people it floats my boat. i eventually ended leaving with some japanese denim and american denim which was no longer made.( No Williamsburg jeans, Sorry folks)  I want no nonsense and no bullshit and they delivered on both fronts. But enough with the praise this review should be just that as well , no Bullshit and no nonsense. It's an experience and for all my words you can never really know until you go there yourself, Be well enjoy your life be happy and make purchases that make absolute sense in your life, My philosophy, you pay what you get for........ See ya BDCo..Keyword is Denimolgist, they'll know what your talking about.
I went to the Brooklyn Denim Co almost a year ago and the jeans I got are still some of my favorites.  The staff was extremely helpful.  I was able to pick a pair of Goldsign jeans and they pinned the waistband and legs of the pants for alterations.  I picked them up about two days later and they were perfect!  When I need a new pair, I will definitely go back.
As is my solo Saturday custom, I gave myself a mission.  Decided I would make the trek over to Williamsburg to check out the Brooklyn Denim Company on N 3rd and Wythe and pick up a new pair of jeans.  It was a miserable day.  Rain, high winds, chilly enough to keep the liner in the coat but just muggy enough to work up a sweat inside the shops.  The staff was true to their rep:  well-informed, customer oriented, cool but not smug, extremely patient.  I was not what I would call an easy customer; since I tried on no less than about 18 pairs of jeans and settled on a pair (and a belt) that had very little resemblance to what I said I wanted when I came in.  Alterations were included with the sale and I had the jeans shipped to JC so I wouldn't have to come back to pick them up which had the added cost of $10 but got me around New york State sales tax so I think I came out ahead there.  Special thanks to Angie, she was terrific!
