How often do you find beautiful vintage jewelry in a vast assortment for affordable prices? The answer used to be never, until you enter Pippin Vintage Jewelry/Home. I quite literally stumbled upon this gem and on entering felt instantly transported into a sparkling dimension of wonders, only to find that you have to try very hard to find anything in the store that is over 80$ (which again, unheard of in vintage jewelry stores) and to make matters even better and to send you into fits of delight, go into Pippin Home and the jewelry is generally $5 and under, complete with destash pieces and bulk bags of broken pieces for those of you out there (like myself) who make these beauties into something even better. I give both Pippin's such high marks simply for the fact that they don't dick you with prices, and everything is so well organized you are never questioning what or where something may be located. I will quite literally be in this store multiple times a week.
Pippin is awesome, this little shop has thousands and thousands of new/used vintage and antique jewelry for sale. The mere selection is mind boggling and the fact that you can get something nice for ANY budget was great. My girlfriend got two pieces for about $18 a piece and I got cufflinks for $15 (they do have pricer high quality items as well-many of which are behind glass for good reason). The people here were really friendly and down to earth without being unavailable or pushy. Although they have some cuff links and tie clips this is more of a female paradise (or those shopping for one). It's truly a great place to shop for unique jewelry pieces.
A teeny store down on Orchard, Pippin has a gorgeous collection of vintage jewelry and accessories.  I first visited on the advice of some Yelpers, and was definitely not disappointed!  Beautiful vintage costume jewelry, new jewelry created from vintage pieces, estate jewelry-- it was hard to restrain myself from spending my entire paycheck here.  Luckily, as others have mentioned, the prices are Very reasonable.  The owner told me they're moving to W. 17th St soon, into a bigger space-- hooray!  Seriously, if you're looking for a thoughtful selection of pretty vintage accessories, I haven't yet found anywhere in the city better than Pippin.
If you were to spend time in my apartment, you would see that my closet is basically jeans, black t-shirts, a little black dress or two and blazers... and then drawers and drawers full of beads, ribbons, jewelry, hats, belts and chapeaus of all shapes and sizes. Every inch of space dedicated to holding handbags, shoes and more jewelry and supplies to make and fix jewelry. So in other words, I am an accessories addict and I need to be on HOARDING: Accessories edition. I stumbled into Pippin a few years ago when they were in a much smaller space in the LES in search of cheap brooches to affix to a smoking jacket with a sash that I was wearing to a winter wedding - and spent an afternoon rifling through their junk drawer, snatching up pins, buttons and brooches all under $20 dollars. I frequent the store often and usually walk out with something and usually can find myself something for under $50 - way cheaper than Alexis Bittar or Intermix. This is in essence what makes Pippin charming. They have everything a little sumptin for erybodyyyy. Literally, from $5 neon earrings from the 1980s to $2,500 vintage engagement rings and watches. The store is tiny, a little jewel box of a store, and new goodies are added on a regular basis. You will walk out with one of a kind pieces that no one else has. This includes scarves, hats and I have even found hard case clutches there. Pippin also sells jewelry they've made from pieces as well as charms and plain (vintage) chains and bracelets, so you can also purchase the basics for your own designs. For example, I wanted a rosary inspired bracelet a few years back and ended up buying plenty of Catholic medallions and little crucifixes, which I then attached with jump rings to a bracelet. People would ask me if I bought that bracelet at All Saints and Barneys - so a fun piece at a fraction of the cost. That being said - use your discretion when purchasing higher end goodies. If you are in the market for diamonds or estate jewelry, bring a loupe or tap a gemologist - as some of their pricing can be debated (I found a deco bracelet with bakelite that they had at $125 - I had purchased similar pieces in shape, size, weight and material for almost $20 less). This is something I recommend for any jeweler or antique dealer working in jewels. Also, while they do clean their jewelry - their fixing policy can be less than desirable. I had a cute bracelet that I snapped up for $18 which broke three days later - one of the links had essentially snapped. When I brought it back, the sales woman was a little huffy and said "well this is vintage jewelry and sometimes, being older and delicate, it can break" - she offered little help or willingness to replace or refund (after telling me most likely it couldn't be fixed due to wear the break was). So for that, I have knocked off a star - but otherwise, I am a fan of their sparkly, one of a kind wares.
I just discovered this place recently.  It is such a wonderful find!  Their vintage pieces are lovely and affordable.  I couldn't stop myself from picking up almost everything in the shop!  They also have vintage hats, bags, and gloves.  But I think their jewelry is the best.  Each item is labeled what era it is from with the price.  The staff is friendly and very helpful.  i will definitely go back there soon!
I love this store-- so many treasures hidden everywhere throughout the store-- lots of really pretty earrings and necklaces for only $5-10.  If I lived in NYC, I'd be here weekly, guiltlessly updating my jewelry collection.  So much variety and very affordable.
Okay place if you're looking for "affordable" (meaning most of the stuff looks like it came from the Forever 21 or Banana Republic of its time)  vintage store.  Hope you're comfortable browsing with someone looking over your shoulder.  Security will follow you around this tiny store step for step like a hawk.
I almost don't want to tell anyone about how much I love this place for fear that all the good stuff will be gone.  I've bought a ton of jewelery from Pippin and love every single piece.  Also, if you're willing to invest a bit and buy a "real" piece from inside the glass case you'll probably get a great deal.  I've had multiple items appraise for 4 times what I paid.  And best of all, they're unique and have a history rather than "made in China, sold in mall".  Enjoy, just leave some stuff for me!
I wandered into Pippin yesterday because their window display looked great.  It's fantastic.  A ton of vintage jewelry for a variety of prices.  They have necklaces for $5, and a ton of stuff in the $12-30 range as well as more for under $100. All pieces are labeled with the decade they came from, which is pretty cool.  I bought a wonderfully unique clock pendant necklace, in working condition..   The staff was really helpful, patient, and genuinely excited to see their favorite pieces be sold.  I would take friends here, shop for gifts here, anything.
Cutey cute, extra, super cute stuff.  Vintage stuff, very wearable with all modes covered: necklaces, bracelets, rings, and earings and cute dresser stuff like a little gold vanity mirror for $12 bangers today spotted.  Prices are surprisingly reasonable for this loc. For the girl who loves this stuff and I do this store sells lots of adorable wearable stuff. I could buy oodles of jewelry here if I didn't own so many trinkets already.
Whatever you want, Chelsea will provide. Including a gorgeous, comfortable, well-edited, reasonably priced vintage jewelry store. If you like old, beautiful things and don't think you need to be making bank to have the privilege of wearing it, this place is for you.
I would say this place is a hit and miss. Not everything is as cheap as it sounds. I saw some rings for 32 dollars and up. Then there were the reasonable priced, 12 dollar earrings. I got myself some natural stone earrings for 8 bucks! The owners are awfully friendly and amiable. Definitely worth checking out. Great selection of watches, bracelets, earrings and all sorts of treasures!
We were walking by this store today and I couldn't resist going inside.  It's quite small, but very cozy - with exposed brick walls and an overall nice ambiance.  I didn't buy anything, but I enjoyed looking at everything and they had an interesting selection.  Also, the prices were very reasonable.
Delight delight delight.. This is like an absolute buffet of wonderful to a vintage jewelry lover. Treasures abound. Also, sweet staff, great music.. Obvious taste on the part of the owner. No junk, just special: Love my cats eye ring from the 1950's..
Just, absolutely, the BEST.  Any ladies in my life who have a birthday, you are getting your gift from here, and you will love it.  I recently banged out 2 birthday and 2 christmas gifts for $90.  A bracelet and THREE necklaces.  Everything is amazingly priced, so unique, and has a tag that tells you what era its from and what it's made of. The people working are always super helpful, especially when you're holding 20 different things and need someone to help you make some game time decisions.  My number one stop in gift shopping, but also shopping for myself!
I'm a little vintage shop whore, and this place was really sweet.  Inside, I fely like I was walking around a cute little jewelry box.  They specialize in accessories (jewelry in particular) and have the dantiest pins and purses and necklaces :)  I visited some other vintage places on the same day and this was definitely my favorite.  Prices were decent for quality vintage jewelry.  There were some sweet necklaces starting at like $10.  Oh and they were playing Lauryn Hill....SOLD!
Pippin Vintage Jewelry is so cozy & quaint.  I love to go thru the drawers here for little treasures...they have lots of cute, cheap vintage pins for only a few bucks.  I got a set of pristine vintage coat buttons for a jacket of mine and everyone comments on them.  It's a fun place to while away an hour or so, enjoying baubles and beating the crazed Eurotrash crowds that clog up Chelsea en route to shit away their tourist dollars in the Meatpacking District.  I plan to make a stop soon to seek out some wedding jewelry.  Pop next door to their sister antiques store- really great finds at decent prices, for the area.
I stumbled upon this little gem of a boutique, just by chance as I was walking in the neighborhood over the holidays.  I was racking my brain about what I should get my mother for a Christmas present.  I am not kidding when I tell you that within 15 seconds of stepping through the door, I found the perfect little vintage brooch.  My Mom loved it,  and I have a new favorite vintage shop to go to whenever I'm in the city.
Just walking by 18th street on my way to Adorma camera store I stumbled on this lovely store. I am new to NY and hands down this store has been my best seredipity of the last 6 months of my NY stay. Very nice staff, very attractive prices, be prepared to find a store full of amazing stuff.
Pippin is my little secret!!  Until I saw all these reviews on Yelp!!  I seriously love this store, I almost never not buy anything from Pippin every time I step foot in this place.  The girls working here are sooo creative and they have great taste!!   If you like jewelry, especially vintage jewelry, you will not be disappointed.
I was looking for something for my girlfriend for her birthday.  I wanted something distinctive and funky at a price that wasn't going to break the bank.  Well, I came away happy and with two pieces.  I liked the variety quantity of pieces from which to choose, and the staff was friendly and low-keyed, greeting me when I came in and allowing me to browse unmolested.
Pippin Vintage Jewelry has wonderful, unique pieces of costume jewelry that are  beautifully preserved, each with a gift boxes, gratis.  Every item I've purchased has been perfect, most recently a brooch for my mom's 85th birthday.  She loved it!
Picked up two great vintage costume jewelry pieces as gifts. Great price and gorgeous looking broaches.
Cute store, with nice ladies working there. Seems like they knew their customers well too. However, after looking through drawers, bins, shelves of stuff, I walked out with nothing. Still, a neat little store to look through on an afternoon stroll. Plus there's a sweet belgian waffle cafe down the street.
Really nice little shop with very interesting jewelry ranging from costume to the expensive stuff behind the glass.  They mark the stuff by decade/century, and will mark that on the receipt for you so you remember later on.  The owner is a nice guy.  I was chatting with him one time and he noticed my vintage Breitling watch that I was wearing, and I showed it to him when he asked to see it.  He then sold me a vintage cameo for my girlfriend. LOL
Always find treasures here. They tag items with the decade they were made in. Found a delicate necklace from the 1940s that my sister loved from here and earrings I regularly get compliments on.
Lovely shopping experience, great prices, friendly staff.
This place is great.  They have lots of unique and interesting jewels (costume and the real deal).  Whenever I need a special gift, I always head to pippin and walk out happy.   One woman with a short 80's haircut has lots of tude but don't let her get in your way. Take your time to explore all the hidden places they store things.  Its like a treasure hunt.
This little shop is amazing. I work in the area and stopped by to check it out and it was darling. The people who worked there were kind and informative. The prices were also very reasonable and they have a great collection of mourning jewelry as well as estate jewelry. I purchased a very nice 18/22 kt gold estate piece c. 1820 ring and have not taken it off since I got it! I look forward to returning!
I LOVES me some antique and vintage jewelry, and I couldn't wait to visit this shop after the rave reviews on yelp....wait. What? Really? It's not that great or even good. It is well organized and neat. But the selection is meh and the prices...you can get vintage costume jewelery for half the price at the fleas also in CheLsea or go online (for a fraction) and their fine jewlery was waaaaay overpriced. I would skip this hop.
A vintage jewelery store with a great selection and totally reasonable prices, a very rare find for Manhattan. They moved recently from the LES to Chelsea, but so far the inventory, pricing and staff seems to be the same. The owner is a really awesome guy who will tell you all about the pieces you are looking at, and claims to sell the items in the store for about the same price they would go for on ebay which basically means no Manhattan markup. A great selection of stuff for well under $100 (and a few more expensive items), I'm going to have to keep myself from going there every weekend now that they are so close. A few months after writing my original review, I'm having to knock off a star because their selection has really suffered lately. They just don't seem to get much new stuff in anymore, and everything feels very picked over. I still find good things occasionally, but it is no longer a sure bet.
My husband and I love this place. We found my engagement ring and both of our wedding rings here thanks to help of the owner, who listened to what we were hoping to find and kept his eye out for something that fit the description. We ended up with two antique rings and one that we never could have found anywhere else! The staff is super friendly and helpful. I've recommended several friends to this store for both weddings (if they were the types that were okay with vintage jewelry for their wedding) and just for fun.
I think any girl with taste can find something to fall in love with here. Unbelievably unique baubles at every price range. I can't get over how many different and beautiful high end jewelry pieces they have and how I can swoon over $12 earrings all in the same trip. Everyone on staff that I've met has been wonderful and patient with me. Really a gem for gems!
me, no problems reviewing a jewelry store. the woman helping me knew i was uncomfortable i wanted something special and she helped me find something with a great story from the edwardian period that would work well with a lot of things.  thanks i will recommend to other non-jewelry shoppers.
i do like this place a lot... i've gotten cool pieces and live in the area so it couldn't be more convenient. as much as i'm a fan, i have to say that the staff is rather rude and, unless there are more than 2 customers in the store, they continue to ignore you unless you go over to them. not my type of personnel, but either way i love great jewelry so i guess we all have to settle sometimes :-)
stumbled upon this place last week and just loved it is vintage so you have to do a little digging, but there are definite treasures here! it. found a gorgeous antique mirror i can't wait to take home, and got great decorating advice from someone who works there as well! they were patient and kind and knowledgeable. all good things.
This is my favorite vintage store in the city. Vintage jewelry is my thing and they have beautiful pieces. The only complaint I have is the staff. Most are friendly, but some don't even say hello when you walk in the door. I find it rude. I will still continue to shop there because the inventory is so great, but don't be disappointed if they aren't friendly.
I collect and love vintage jewelry.  I like the contents and layout of this store and have bought a few items here.  I usually go in here on every trip to NYC, about 6 times a yr.  But the workers are not friendly.  They act pretty blase like they could care less, and they don't know the answers when I ask about a particular piece.  Or if I ask something  like "Do you have any pearl bracelets?", answer is like, "If we did they'd be somewhere over there."   On a recent visit one worker gave a long speech at the counter (the shop is small so everyone can hear) about how she is working 4 jobs, blah blah blah.  But she can't answer my questions.  Stock is pretty good, but watch out for reproductions here and use a loupe if you are buying more expensive vintage pieces.  One brooch being sold as vintage was clearly a reproduction when I viewed it under a loupe.  Be sure to stop at AngelThrift and Housingworks on the same block, both carry vintage jewelry also.
this place does a nice job curating their pieces, as well as updating their inventory. it's still the city, so you are not going to find salvation army prices; but i think it's a good place for those who don't want to spend a lot of time digging for treasure to find that one gem. the staff isn't super friendly (they don't necessarily greet you, or ask if you need any help) which could be a good thing in a small boutique where you already feel suffocated by lack of space, so it's nice for those you just want to look on their own without feeling like someone is constantly on your back ( esp in a small space). they also have collections that are reworked vintage pieces (those are usually $100 and up)
I am a native New Yorker and visit Pippins quite often.  I have never left the store empty-handed.  Pippin has a great selection of vintage watches.  I purchased 3 over the last month for myself and as gifts for others.  The store provides a great repair and cleaning policy.  All of the watches function properly and are of various price ranges.  They also have an incredible collection of vintage and antique jewelry.  The counter at the back of the store features a stunning array of glittering jewelry from various periods.  In addition, the staff is very courteous and accommodating.  For example, they even size watch straps for a perfect fit.  The owner is very passionate and knowledgeable, esp about the watches.  He is friendly and enthusiastic about sharing his knowledge so you know exactly what you are buying.  Shopping at Pippin is a special experience.  It is a true treasure chest in the city!
If you are looking for vintage or unique jewelry- this is the place to visit! I admit I was intimidated by this store at first. It's so beautiful on the inside and I was sure that everything would be really expensive. I was pleasantly surprised to find that not only were they fairly priced, but people working  here were also very friendly and sweet! The pure experience of shopping here also left a lovely impression on me. Many items are stored in jewelry cabinets- so going through it all reminded me of going through my mom and grandmother's jewelry as a kid. Their selection of everything from vintage rings, pins, necklaces, bracelets, etc. is huge. And they also carry some vintage accessory items like hats and purses. I definitely will be back to stock up on more vintage jewelry!
This is an adorable shop packed to the gills with lovely things. It was the first stop on our engagement ring hunt, and they had a smallish but well curated selection of rings in our price range. We ended up looking at one that was actually about half of what we were thinking about spending, but it was perfect and we immediately put it on hold. We spent the next day scouring other vintage shops, but decided to make our way back to Pippin to commit to the very first ring we looked at. We ended up with a delicate art deco ring for much less money than we'd imagined. The sales woman we met with on the first day was incredibly helpful, and after we explained what we were looking for she actually gave us suggestions of some other places to check out. When we came back the following day to pickup the item on hold, the other clerk was not quite as cheery or helpful. I needed to figure out my ring size and had some questions about whether I should go small or big if I was between sizes, and she looked at me with a total blank stare. Overall, an amazing selection, (mostly) helpful staff, and just an adorable place. I'd definitely check it out again for gifts or other keepsakes.
Got my victorian engagement ring here. Very beautiful ring in 18 karat gold. Will definitely be back for other pieces. If you love vintage jewelry this is the place to go, pretty amazing shop. Staff is very knowledgeable.
My partner of ~10 years and I decided to get married. No engagement, gifts, or showers, just two people in love. We're not traditional, but I'm a sucker for sentimental jewelry. I ordered a wedding band from an Etsy seller, but they delivered the wrong item. It was five days before our "wedding" and I was a little panicked when I discovered... ...Pippin! We trekked to downtown Manhattan to look at their ladies' items. The women at the counter ignored us at first. (I'd probably subtract a star for that, but Pippin's located on the same block as a museum and a Housing Works location, so that's worth at least one star.) Once we got their attention, an associate was relatively empathetic about our unique needs without being too judgmental. She gave good advice, wasn't pushy, and was knowledgeable about each piece  I wanted to view. After about a dozen rings, I noticed an unconventional late deco ring that fit my aesthetic and finger perfectly. At around $500, it was a steal.  The gold and jewels are high-quality and the setting itself is 14k gold. I can't wait to wear it every day for the rest of my life. The shop itself had a lot of incredible costume jewelry at very reasonable prices. I'll definitely be back for work pieces and gifts in the future.
This is a cute shop with many great vintage jewelry finds for every price range. They have affordable and charming costume jewelry (rings, necklaces, bracelets), cuff links, etc. The staff is knowledgeable and I always manage to bring home a lovely treasure. Pippin also has a store next door down an alley that has great vintage home decor finds as well so check it out!
I love this place! Had a huge selection of vintage jewelry! I would highly recommend them for antique engagement rings!
This charming shop has tons of affordable costume jewelry from the 20s up through the 90s. They also have some real gems kept below glass cases.  We had so much fun browsing through all the baubles, and I ended up getting something sparkly to wear on my wedding day. I didn't find the staff to be especially eager to show us the jewelry in the cases. Maybe it's just my southern misinterpretation of New York manners, but I had money burning a hole in my pocket, and I feel that with a little encouragement I may have bought a nicer piece of jewelry.
My absolute favorite place to go in all of Manhattan. No joke! I feel like my visits here are more of an adventure than a shopping experience. The people who work here are super friendly and extremely helpful. I've gotten a lot of special gifts for people here and it always goes over big. They have vintage fine jewelry and costume jewelry (and other accessories). Perfect for all budgets and all occasions. When you purchase a gift, be sure to ask them to write the details of the item (date, designer, metal, gems, etc.) on one of their cards so that the recipient will know everything about their special gift.
I've walked by this place a million times and never thought to go in, assuming it would be overpriced like everything else in Manhattan. So when I decided to finally go have a look, I was shocked at how reasonable and well priced the jewelry was. Walked out with an amazing pinkie ring and diamond earring jackets. Will DEFINITELY be back soon!
Pippin is pretty awesome.  It's down the street from my office and I discovered it when I was looking for a place to get my finger sized after my fiance proposed with a ring that was just a tad too big.  After getting sized, I went on my merry way and thought that would be it, though I noticed some nice stuff around the store. I came back after I noticed Pippin Home Store (which is behind the store, down kind of an alleyway where they display mirrors - also awesome, but I'll review them separately).  After a few visits just to browse, I decided that we should look for wedding bands here, so we did.  There's not much selection for men's rings, which is unfortunate, but there were plenty for women.  I ended up finding a beautiful *hand carved* 18 carat white gold ring for about $250 (including tax).  It was pretty amazing.  I also noticed quite a few gorgeous engagement rings. I will say that the staff at the jewelry store aren't super friendly (oddly not the case at the Pippin Home), but it really doesn't bother me.  They're plenty helpful if you need it - they just wait for you to make the first move and keep the chatting to a minimum.  Fine by me, but I can understand why some people, especially out-of-staters, might be bothered by it. We'll definitely be back again.
I can not speak highly enough of this shop. Over the past two months I've been shopping for an antique engagement ring for my bride-to-be at various dealers around the city and at a few of the more reputable online storefronts knowing what I was looking for was 90-100 years old based on quality of design and materials. Over that course of time, I made 3 different stops into this store and the three people working there that I spoke with on each of those separate occasions were not only extremely knowledgable but also patient, understanding and offered remarkable advice. This shop is one-of-a-kind and seems to be that way for a few reasons: 1) Not once did I feel pressured to buy something. 2) They took the time to genuinely find out what I was looking for even though there were other people in the shop. 3) The prices they ask for genuine antique pieces are so unbelievably reasonable that it creates an atmosphere that they really care to match a piece with exactly what is right for you considering style and budget instead taking advantage to make an extra hundred or even thousand bucks selling you something awful. The curation of the shop is impeccable and you can tell everything in there is hand selected. There are other stores in NYC selling high end antique jewelry that I visited, but my two cents are: if you want one of the best customer service experiences in New York City to purchase authentic antique jewelry, patronize this shop. Simple as that. My fiancé and I are ecstatic.
I am not a girl.  Therefore, I did not expect to find anything of value here to satiate any sort of manly desire, but - WAIT A MINUTE! - they've got some sick tie clips and cuff links for $5-$10. I am not a woman, but sometimes my friends tell me that I am.  Good thing my girlfriend likes jewelry too.  I used her as cover real nice to take a closer look at this hidden gem (look at that pun!) in Chelsea.  She lost her hoops recently and we were able to find suitable replacements here for $5! I am not a grandmama, but I can be frugal like one, so this place is pretty awesome considering that all their wares come from foreclosure auctions mainly in the New England area on the weekends.  A lot of older antique jewelry pieces and accessories, mostly for women, that my lady can enjoy for a fraction of the price at non-vintage stores. I am not a female, but my hips don't lie.   Neither do my thighs. ------- 1ne hundo
In need of a sparkly little pick-me-up? Pippin is your place. Filled with drawers, shelves, and stands full of jewels this vintage shop has a gorgeous gift no matter your budget. I came in search of a chain for the vintage typewriter key my favorite Washingtonian found for me at the Brooklyn Flea. They had just what I was looking for and it only set me back $5. Definitely the sort of shop you ought to pop into semi-regularly to troll for treasures.
Yo! Where did you get that bling bling? You be admiring my dazzling ring? When you want to be stylin' You don't have to go for miles, Just pop over to Pippin, And they'll have you pimpin'! (I should keep my day job and not try to make it as a rap artist, right?) So time and time again, Pippin would pop into my radar from my wonderful fashionista Yelper friends and finally I managed to get over there. If you are a lover of vintage jewelry, Pippin is a treasure trove of wonders. I love that they don't display everything and have jewelry in well-marked wooden drawers. It's a bit like a treasure hunting as you don't know what you expect when you pull out a drawer. I could have easily spent the entire afternoon amusing myself discovering what was in the next drawer and admiring and trying the different pieces. Best of all, the quality of the pieces are really great and the prices are wonderful! You can get really terrific stuff for a very decent price. There were tons of very lovely pins, brooches, etc for around $20. You don't need a deserted island to do some treasure hunting when you have Pippin.
Since this is where my fiance bought my engagement ring (which he impressively picked out all by himself), I will always think warmly and sentimentally of Pippin Vintage Jewelry.  I was really pleasantly surprised that he decided to go the vintage route since I'm not a particularly vintage-styled girl, but I absolutely adore my ring.  I didn't know that this is where he bought it until several months after the fact, when we went together to bring my ring in for an adjustment.  The center stone was feeling loose and we wanted the prongs tightened - a ring that's at least 80 years old is entitled to be a little wonky, in my opinion. When my fiance called ahead to ask how long it would take, they quoted him a week.  And that's exactly how long it took.  We picked it up from Judith, the co-owner, and she was really sweet and helpful.  She gave me a recommendation for the jewelry cleaner that they use so that my ring could be as sparkly beautiful by my own doing (I almost didn't recognize my shiny, clean ring when she handed it back to me!).  Best of all, the adjustment was free.  She also gave us the lowdown on jewelry appraisers and recommended we just go to Macy's for the insurance appraisal. Beyond the excellent personal service, the store carries a very nice variety of jewelry within a good price range.  My fiance and I were both able to buy Christmas gifts for our mothers, and there were some other items I was tempted to buy for myself.  It's definitely worth stopping in to browse a unique selection of jewelry - and guys, don't miss the rings in the case...you might just find the right one for your girl!
After Paul L.'s ROTD on this store, I popped in a couple of days before Valentine's day to get my man some vintage accessory. Honestly, this place deserves 5 stars but I deducted 1 star for the lack of friendlier service. They have a nice collection of woman's vintage jewelry, well displayed and some of the in shelves and drawers. I liked opening up the drawers to search for man's cuff links and tie clips. I felt like a little girl going on a discovery journey, not knowing what I might find in the next drawer. The price are quite decent judging by the location of the shop but some items can be slightly, tiny bit higher than some vintage shops or flea market of Brooklyn. However, I do appreciate the organization and this is a good place to come and fetch something for sure instead of browsing leisurely and depending on luck at cheapo flea market stalls. ========================================== Reason why I deducted a star: After I picked my pieces and presented to the counter lady, she asked me if that was all. "Yes" I replied with a smile. She didn't smile back nor have a poker face on her. Completely neutral to the end of our transaction, no more words exchanged. I said "Thank you" when she handed me my purchased. She turned her head away and walked away from me. No, she didn't have another client waiting. Ok, it's not really a big deal. But I have shopped @ other places and spent less yet received better attention. Note: A yelper condemned me for my wish to see a fake professional smiling sales person. I understand that nobody is happy 24/7 nor I need people to kiss my rear end just because I opened up my wallet. But there is something called courtesy. I don't hate the lady behind the counter. I don't think less of her. Will I go back to this store? Absolutely yes. Will I recommend this place for to a friend? Yes. That is why I wrote the review with two sections. This is a personal review based on my visit that time.
Hit and miss.  Have been here a few times and appreciate the wide range of pieces.  Some very nice jewelry mixed with very affordable. Last time I went in the I must have not been dressed right because I was completely ignored. ...btw, the contact email on pippin's website doesn't work.  That would have been a better avenue for my gripe, but alas it will have to be done via Yelp!
Wandering through Chelsea on a thrifty shopping mission, I finally had a chance to slip into Pippin Vintage Jewelry with a fellow shopaholic. Two steps through the door and I had filled my grubby little handles with charms and chains and little faux costume jewelry. And everything is incredibly reasonably priced. In the glass cases they offer a selection of more expensive vintage pieces and watches. The folks behind the counter and friendly and helpful. You're sure to walk out of here with some one of a kind gems within your price range!
Ehhhh, not a fan. And i can't help but notice that most of the recent reviewers that are fans are not from New York City. Judge not lest ye be judged? I'm judging the F out of you, you not from New York City people! I came in here over the weekend trying to find a vintage watch that was worth my money and time (get it? time? hahahahaha.) They had several in the case, they were all overpriced and unattractive. First of all, if I'm going to spend $1500+ on a vintage watch, it's not going to be a freaking Movado. Second of all, I'm not going to purchase it from a sales lady that was watching me like I was going to steal some of the incredibly unattractive, non-fashion forward costume jewelry. I know this comes off as a bit snotty, but the outfit I had on that day probably cost more than her entire life. And really, who wears brooches anymore? No one under the age of 55. It is important to note that I did buy a bracelet here so it wasn't all in all a terrible experience. It's a 1950s piece (or so they say) and it was only $35 dollars. I came in there looking to spend money, though. And if the only thing I could find to spend money on was that one piece, well, that's not saying a lot for Pippin.
I've gotten almost every single one of my favorite pieces of jewelry from Pippin, by various means. Many I've bought for myself. And quite a few have been gifts from loved ones who know me very very well! The owners and staff are incredibly helpful and friendly. They know A LOT about jewelry, and I've gotten some standout pieces there. Pippin is where I got my Mae West quotation cigar-band ring that I haven't taken off my hand since 2005, my prized Bjorn Weckstrom silver modernist wedge, and my assortment of Victorian, Edwardian, and Georgian mourning brooches/gutta percha objects and memento mori heirlooms. Now they'll know who wrote this review! The selection is amazing. Everything feels hand-picked and loved. Prices range from $5 for silly costume jewelry to $800 for antique pieces, and maybe more for some very special fine items, but most everything is $250 and under.   It's the cutest shop ever, ever ever. I miss the old L.E.S. location, but this place is hardly lacking in flavor and adorability.
Pippin Vintage Jewelry is like entering a flea market without the haggling patrons and piles of junk.  With vintage pieces discovered mainly on the East Coast, this boutique offers a variety of affordable items from pearl strands, brass watches, turqoise rings and even clip-on earrings.  Their eclectic collection spans from the pre-1900s to the 1980s, but they also have some re-worked pieces like Victorian jacket buttons made into rings (around $40).  Their prices are affordable and not typical of Manhattan, with the range from $1-$200+.  You can find a great necklace or ring for $25, and the higher-end diamonds and rubies are displayed inside the glass case. Pippin has enough eccentric pieces that you can make your own creation, like antique keys that could be added to a long layering necklace, or pins that could double as barrettes.  When looking through the packed store, make sure to take some time and open the shallow drawers filled with random extras that cost less than $5 and make you feel like you you've discovered a treasure at the bottom of the bargain bin (without the actual rummaging). Jewelry is not their only specialty, they also have a wide variety of accessories including vintage bags, clutches, belts, scarves, gloves, hats, and more, such as a cosmetic carved mirror from a 1920s Norwegian cruise ship ($30).  Also check out their vintage home goods store next door, where you can find Bauhaus vases, 1950s Coca-Cola crates, and even obscure black-and-white photos for $1. June 2009 Featured Boutique of the Week
Staff is great - they know the answers to all of your questions and are friendly, but they leave you to your own devices to explore all of the baubles that they have covering every tiny inch of the store. The selection here is absolutely fantastic and picked with a very discerning eye.Lots of stuff that you find there is right on trend as well. All the prices are very reasonable as well, even the stuff in the glass case, which is the expensive stuff. I  have picked out two gorgeous rings from here that I love to bits and they're so well made and the best part is, since they're vintage no one else will have them!  BTW - they have layaway if you find something and you really, really can't afford it right then but you must have it - I wish I had done that with this amazing coral ring carved into a rose that I couldn't afford just at that moment, but when I went back they had sold it and I was very, very sad- so if you see something that you love, grab it!
Love the Pippin and Jack and his business partner, could be more not sure, are both very friendly. I came in looking for a chair for my computer desk and found a lot of cute things. It's vintage so you would imagine it would be very expensive like a lot of other places. This is however not the case. You can find very cute furniture and other items for not too much money. Then if you put a twinkle in your eye and the piece has been sitting there long enough you may just get the item discounted further. My chair is so cute, i am in love. It was a bit funny as well..As I was paying for the chair a woman that I had been interviewing with had given me a call to check in with me. I told Jack that I had been wanting this job for awhile and he replied this chair is the beginning of your luck. I had to purchase it after that, what a salesman. I told her that I would have to call her back and I did once i lugged that chair a couple blocks. I got the chair and the job, with some credit to my 1920's chair and Jack. Thanks. C
Make this your go-to for antique and vintage jewelry! I stopped in here about bi-weekly for a few months in search of the perfect ring. I got my wife's engagement ring here: 1920s, platinum, hand cut, gorgeous setting. She wanted something that wasn't a blood diamond, wasn't mass produced, and had character. So many options here fit the bill, but this one in particular called out. The ladies in the shop were kind enough to model it for me so I could see what it looked like on a woman's hand, and helped me with sizing. The owner took the time to explain the setting and cut, show me the clarity outside in the natural light, explain the history of the ring, and give me a great deal. He even said that if it didn't appraise for double, he'd take it back. He offered free sizing as well. I've since been back many times to check the excellent selection of men's cuff links and tie clips, women's necklaces and bracelets, and other pieces. There are scarves and gloves, and other items as well, but this is really a solid stop for jewelry and accessories. I trust the owner to give me quality at a great price, and be honest about any issues or concerns. Top notch shop!
I do like this place.  Unlike many "vintage" shops, you CAN find something you would want to wear and can afford. Sometimes I feel a bit overwhelmed by all the drawers packed to the brim, and I wish I had more information on the pieces.  I'm not entirely sure about the quality, but I'd just assume nothing was real in here, just fun and kitschy.
There's something about getting a piece of jewelry that you know hasn't just come from that "little blue box."  There's something about a piece of jewelry, even costume jewelry, that's been made before mass production was popular and is entirely individual.  It's places like Pippin that keep this "something" alive and rolling for those that are tired of same Tiffany's heart dog tag, or that damn floating diamond necklace that was so popular 5 years ago. The place is incredibly organized.  If what you're looking for is not out, it may be in one of the labeled drawers around the room.  The necklaces, cuff links, broaches in the drawers are separated by color and style, making your search a little easier.   Ask any questions you need to about the jewelry, it's certain the owner can answer them for you.
I have a beautiful diamond and emerald vintage ring from Pippin. After a little negotiating the owner did tell us we could return our ring within 7 days for our money back if it appraised for significantly less, it didn't and we were happy. It was appraised slightly lower than what the owner suggested it would be but still much higher than what we actually paid for it. But, and this is a BIG but, the place he recommended I go to get the ring resized at totally butchered the band of my ring. It came out crooked, with obvious markings of different colored gold on it. Even though that was not his fault or his own business, I have to give Pippin a 2 star reduction on a VERY poor recommendation for  another jeweler. & don't go to 72 Canal St. to get your jewelry resized!
This place is awesome.   While I love affordable jewelry, I'm not a typical vintage fan. That said: I found a half dozen pieces here that were great for my style.  Prices are good -- lots of things less than $50 -- most stuff is below $80.  Each piece has a little label that tells you the basics of what decade etc.   Staff seemed knowledgeable and were able to answer my questions about specific pieces.  Two big thumbs up.   There's a next door Pippin home furnishings place that supposedly has a whole additional set of cheaper jewelry ($5) but it was closed for painting the day I visited -- will have to catch it next time .
I just loooove this store. Great knick knacks, household items, antique furniture, vintage jewelry, and the perfect place for nice men's cuff links ... all for awesome prices in a cute store! I could just spend hours in here.....
(Pippin is actually in Chelsea now on W. 19th) If there was a Pippin in SF, I'd actually have a pretty cool looking apartment.   If I tried to buy half the things in Pippin in SF, well, actually, I couldn't.  The things that sold at Pippin would sell for five times that much in SF because people in SF have an inflated notion of value and there is some vintage freaks that make a boatload of dough that are actually paying for those items at those prices. They even have a wishlist so if you are looking for a particular piece of period furniture or a hat, or necklace or dishes, they'll contact you.  They change out their store with new finds every week so it's a new experience every time. Oh Pippin, Pippin, Pippin...why oh why can you not have a cute brother in SF?
Love.  At first sight. Pippin is the cheapest non-flea-market vintage jewelry experience that I have had in the city. While the items in the glass cases can range into the triple digits, all other pieces rarely stray past $35. The owners of Pippin have really good eyes for tasteful and interesting pieces, and are really decent about their pricing (they are also slightly apathetic, which is why dealing with one of their employees will yield a friendlier experience. And they listen to bad music... Just saying) . I've found a *real* string of pearls for $110, clip on and regular earrings for $5-20, and once found an adorable butterfly barrette from the 50s for $8. I am most definitely in love.
This is the kind of place you do not tell anyone about. Not for the normal reasons (bad service, lousy products, etc.) but because you have some naive hope that this store is your secret gem and if you don't tell anyone about it maybe, just maybe, they can survive on your purchases alone. We all have them, we all remember our first 'secret place,' like our first crush but, it has been years since a place has made me giddy enough to warrant my secret-shopper instincts. So why, pray tell, am I basically shouting my devotion to Pippin on yelp? Because you all beat me to it. I no longer dream of my secret gem being my own, personal secret as one search on good ole' Yelp proves that the secret gem's of the world are most likely secret gems to many others. So, like Eat, Pray, Love blew the lid off my Italia food-love secret (ok, fine, I guess others knew about that), I will blow the lid off Pippin by exclaiming how amazing a deal you will find (Silver/Gold twisted small hoops for $10- they are pretty sweet, if I do say so myself), how un-teradactyl-like the shop-workers are, and how inviting the little nook of a place is, making you feel as if you were going through your grandmothers vintage jewelry that happened to be brilliantly displayed for your grubby little hands. So, if you must (and if I weren't a selfish little girl I would demand that you must) check out the amazing loot at Pippin, I doubt anybody could be disappointed with this marvelous little shop.
Excellent shop with beautiful jewelry. The women working there are all very sweet and helpful.  Prices are very reasonable.  The owner spent a long time speaking with my fiance and me, educating us about different diamond cuts and metals.  He is an honest man, and a lot of fun to chat with.  He also did all in his power to make sure we were happy with our engagement ring.  The folks here have a lot of integrity, and don't pressure you to buy.  Definitely worth checking out... a good family-run business, the likes of which are rare these days.
I have to admit, I'm not really big into jewelry or even vintage jewelry, but I stopped through one day and was pleasantly surprised.  Having no idea what vintage jewelry should cost, I thought it was pretty reasonable and their selection was pretty decent.  For example, I saw a drawer full of earrings for $5...smells like a bargain to me!   Saw a multi string beaded necklace that fell a little below the collar bone for $35, not outrageous or a crazy bargain. If I had a specific occasion or particular outfit that I wanted to accessorize, then I would definitely come through again, but I was just looking around, trying to be "good" and only spend money when I "have" to...
Thank God for Pippin!  I stumbled upon this store on a whim one day.  WHAT A FIND.  I cannot get over how amazing and magical and wonderful Pippin is.   It is an antique jewelry store, and their jewelry is UBER AFFORDABLE.  Helloooo cute antique gold and silver necklaces and earrings for a mere $5-30 bucks.  Hello hello.  I am now a devout Pippin fan.  I will be singing their praises from the rooftops, from my room, from, God, everywhere.  This beats paying $24 for a mass-produced vintage-*inspired* necklace from Urban Outfitters or Anthropologie anytime. And their selection is VAST.  It's not one of those hole-in-the-walls with a few good pieces for 75 bucks, then a few crappy random pieces for like 30 bucks.  This is just non stop good. They renew their selection weekly.  I will be back...a lot more than I'd like to admit.
My friend got me a great vintage necklace by Reverie from Pippen. It was so cool that I stopped by and brought a couple of friends. It was such a fun store: sparkling pins, beads of all colors, lengths and era, pretty rings and pendants, unique earrings etc. I got a pretty little Renoir painting locket from the 60s. My friend got a couple pair of earrings for $5 each, a really svelte locket from the 50s and a great beaded necklace with pink and purple beads from the 60s. They also told us their inventory pretty much changes every week, so every trip will be like going for the first time!!
Amazing! I wanted to find a cute gift for my mom, mom-in-law, sis-in-law and myself while in NYC. Pippin was a one stop solution and if they don't like the jewlery, I'm keeping it! So cute, love this little store. I could spend ages in here! FYI, don't bring your husband along with you like I did! Poor guy had to sit around and wait
At first I thought Pippin Vintage Jewelery was one of those pretentious overly priced vintage shops in NY. You know what I'm talking about- those shops that scour second hand goods and bastardize them with $$$$$$$$ prices so that normal income people like me can't afford it. BUT! This is not one of those places. I love this place because they have shelves of cute 80s jewelery for 5$ a piece.
Oh, holy Mecca of vintage jewelry!  This is my favorite place in NYC. The staff knows vintage jewelery VERY well. They have amazing costume pieces, but also vintage pieces with gems. The prices are very reasonable and the shop is cozy and friendly. GUYS...they have amazing cuff links, tie pins and men's accessories. Half of the staff were men on the day I visited.  This spot is not just for the ladies.
I love this place! That is your first reaction upon entering the store. It is unabashedly girly but not sickeningly so. From the jewelry and the fur hats to the belts and the clutches, everything is beautifully arranged. The prices are reasonable for what they are, but still a bit too expensive for me. I fell in love with a vintage snake arm band for $38. Even though this piece was vintage and gorgeous, I couldn't buy it knowing I can get a similar one in silver on ebay for under $15. I did end up fashioning a necklace I now love out of a vintage key and long silver necklace, for only $13, and also bought a pair of clip-on earrings (as shoe jewelry for my ballet flats) for only $5. Come with patience and a little bit of luck, and find you'll find something you love that is yours and yours alone!!!
I have nothing but good things to say about Pippin Vintage. My fiance and I have been searching for a non-traditional engagement ring for under $350 and we were getting increasingly frustrated by the lack of affordable jewelry that fit our style. After reading the reviews about Pippin on Yelp! we decided to check it out and we were pleasantly surprised - not only did they have a great and affordable selection of rings but the staff was incredibly helpful and friendly. In addition to having a great selection of rings they also have a kick-ass selection of necklaces, cameo's, bracelets and other interesting pieces. I will def. be shopping there again.
I love this vintage store. It's very organized and beautiful. They have variety of products that at good price! They even give you free gift box!
Pippin is one of my go-to spots when looking for a gift for my ladies (ok ok, and maybe also a gift for myself). The stock changes almost daily, and the sales girls are mellow, not pushy, yet totally helpful at the same time. The prices are excellent for the beautiful one-offs I find every time I go in. Also, all of the items are tagged with their respective decade, something I find really charming. I've purchased the following items: 1940's delicate rhinestone necklace for the boyfriend's sister's birthday ($35) 1950's super long groovy gold necklace dotted with perforated spheres for my fashion-designer roommate ($35) 1950's beaded Japanese collar for me ($20) And I've coveted the following items: 1940's Black patent leather frame handbag in perfect condition ($40) Several pairs of sparkly and/or mod clip-on earrings ($10-$20 per pair) Go forth and purchase lovely jewels!
I wound up really liking this place, and found myself buying a ring even though I hadn't planned on any purchases! I wasn't that impressed when I first walked in, as the majority of things seemed to be a bit lower-quality, more casual pieces.  I normally like pawing through drawers of older jewelry but my friend was sighing impatiently, looking for higher-quality stuff.  Finally I steered her towards the counter, the contents of which caught my eye with their many sparkles, and it redeemed the entire store with its beautiful collection and incredible prices. I found a 1920s white gold and sapphire ring that I fell in love with, and it was such a reasonable price I bought it on the spot.  The saleswoman was very nice and imformative as I tried on a few others, and let my friend try on as many as she wanted without getting impatient.  The store wasn't crowded at the time so she was able to focus on us, but still I appreciated that she let us take our time with the jewelry and get the history of the various pieces we tried on.  Everything I saw was under $500, with the exception of a huge GIA-certified sapphire that was much more (understandably) expensive.  They also carry elegant, understated engagement rings, most under $1000, which really surprised me.  I would definitely recommend this shop if you have a budget of a few hundred and want something really unique.
This is a really cute little jewelry store and while they do have some vintage 1940/50s pieces, I'd say the "vintage" label is stretching it a bit.  Their selection consists of pieces that look vintage, some actual vintage pieces, mixed with vintage that has been remade into something a little more contemporary.  For example, they have some brooches they have been made into necklaces.  And they have pendants that have been mounted onto new necklaces.   Overall, their selection of jewelry is quite nice and quite interesting though.   I thought their selection of cuff links was great and I left the store with two pairs myself.  One was your usual simple with initial cufflink set.  The other was this unique "russian" (was what it said on its little attached price tag) metal-worked square with a large crystal in the center.  Regardless of whether it is old or not and whether it is indeed russian or not, the workmanship on the piece was evident and having shopped for cufflinks extensively, this was something I'd never seen.  For $40 for the latter set, I was very happy.   This is definitely worth checking out.  But it's best to go in without the expectation of vintage.  If you want true vintage pieces, try something on 9th St.  Having said that, prices overall are very reasonable and I will be going back..
Actually, the address is 112 1/2 W 17th.  A street sign marks the entrance to this store which is inside a small alley way and behind the buildings on the street.  Follow the sign and go into this store. Jack is the proprietor of Pippin Home Vintage Furniture and Home Goods. The pieces he sells are beautiful finds at good prices.  If you like the vintage look, you will probably see a lot of stuff here to suit your taste.  If you you're looking for something in particular, it's worth mentioning to Jack.  He will keep you in mind and call you if he buys any pieces that match your requirements.  I bought a dresser here and love it.  Also Jack can arrange for delivery.
Incredibly helpful. Helped us pick out some items and even altered some jewelry for free that my sig other had with her.
I have always loved Pippin.  I find the pieces to be really unique and varied and love that both this shop and the home one which is in an alley behind it are very homey.  Have gotten some great pieces from here at a very reasonable price.  Also they will repair any jewelry you buy from them for free in shop and sometimes send it out (for a small fee) which is great!
Super charming place to visit and goggle at baubles. I didn't purchase anything but that might be because I didn't have enough time to look at everything!
I discovered Pippin a few months ago and loved its vintage charm and unique selection of estate pieces. When my fiancé and I started our hunt for wedding bands, this was our first stop, and after doing a little more recon to see what else was out there we ended up returning and purchasing the very first ring I had tried on! The staff is incredibly helpful and knowledgeable about the pieces they have in the store, and I couldn't be more excited about the vintage beauty that will be a symbol of our marriage!
I've bought quite a few gifts here over the years, and I have always been impressed with the service, and how knowledgeable the staff is about their pieces. But Pippin really impressed me when my fiance and I went shopping for my engagement ring. I had no idea what kind of ring I wanted, and the woman who helped us was informative and so helpful and patient. We found a ring I absolutely adored. The best thing about Pippin, though, is how the staff never pressure or try to up sell you. They want to help you find the piece that's right for you, and never pressure you to buy. And their prices are so reasonable! Whether you're looking to spend $25 or several thousand, you can find something at Pippin. I just bought my wedding ring there as well, and while I was in, they steam cleaned my engagement ring as well. Highly recommend!
This place has some very cute vintage jewelry here all at prices one can actually afford. I found a $12 necklace and some cute $10 rings. They also have $5 drawers divided up by pendants, necklaces, rings, bracelets, etc. that you can dig through. I didn't find anything, but it was still great fun.
Pippin is an ok spot, but the selection just isn't my style. My husband got me a gift from Pippin for Christmas and I wanted to return it at his suggestion when it wasn't really right for me, but no returns here, only store credit, which isn't really useful if you don't see yourself wanting anything else from the store. My husband didn't realize this when he purchased the gift and the employee this evening as well as the owner, who he called hoping for some sympathy, just said there was nothing to be done about it. :(
I found out about Pippin on Yelp and decided to head over there for some unique, inexpensive costume jewelry.  While I was there, one of the sales people told me that the store was a little understocked because their buyer had just returned from vacation, but this didn't seem to matter as I found plenty to look at and try on.  One thing I appreciated was that all of the jewelry was in really good condition, and the owners had placed tags on everything stating what decade it came from.  I tried on rhinestone chokers from the 1950s, glass beads from the 1960s, enameled brooches, beaded purses and all sorts of fun stuff.  If you appreciate the old, no-longer-used materials that people used to make jewelry out of long ago, you will love this place.  And the best thing about it is that there's something for every budget.  They do have like, $500 14k Edwardian bracelets there, if that's your thing, but they also have a chest of drawers in which every necklace, bracelet, brooch and set of earrings is $5.  That being said, about 80% of the stuff they have is in the $20-$50 range -- it's like the budget woman's Doyle & Doyle! When I visited the shop, I was looking for unique necklaces to wear with my 2 dresses from Meg, and found one piece that I really liked.  Nestled at the bottom of a small vanity table featuring lots of delicate necklaces, I found some beautiful 1950s beaded sweater collars that were made in Japan.  They were in perfect condition and lined with immaculate white satin on the reverse side.  The sales person said they could be sewn onto a shirt, sweater or coat, or just worn as chokers.  They were $18 each and oozed old Hollywood glamour -- I was sold! They told me that they get new stuff in pretty much every weekend, so I plan to return in a couple of weeks to find a necklace for my other dress . . . and also just to look around some more!  It's the kind of place that offers a fun and pleasant shopping experience.  It's a delicious way to shop for vintage jewelry if you're more used to pointing at stuff behind a glass counter at the thrift store or rifling through dirty piles of metal at the flea market.  At Pippin, most of the jewelry is laid out on several tables, dressers, vanity tables, velvet cushions, delicate little trays, etc. that make you feel like you're looking through your grandmother's jewelry box.  You can just pick it up and try it on, and everyone is really respectful about putting stuff back if they don't want it.  There are several mirrors in the shop where you can try on the goods, and the sales people are very friendly and relaxed and know a lot about the jewelry.   Pippin is the kind of place that's hard to stay away from if you like a good deal and have a taste for things that are a little bit different, a little bit old, and a little bit sweet.  It's an awesome place to shop for yourself or to get a special gift for someone else!
I've finally popped my "case" cherry and found a beautiful piece worth the splurge. I am now a complete woman. Thank you, Pippin (although my wallet is secretly hating..).
I love this place! what a wonderful find!!! I love getting my man unique cufflinks and they had a gorgeous and affordable selection as well as lots of other beautiful jewelry!
If I could own a boutique in the city this is what it would be. Vintage hats, retro jewelery, pins, pendants, pearls, cameos...I could be perfectly happy just looking at all of these things all day long. In fact the only reason I would consider giving this store 4 stars instead of 5 is because I am mad at myself for not having any money to buy it all, which is sad because their prices are so reasonable. I will definitely be returning to see what new things they get in. Oh I just love it all. Heaven.
Pippin is an antique jewelry store that has everything imaginable - gaudy costume jewelry, tasteful charm necklaces, watches, cufflinks, pill boxes, earrings, etc. I'm not much of a jewelry shopper, but a friend took me to Pippin last winter and I couldn't resist spending a lot of time perusing their amazing selection. Even more surprising were the prices - I picked up a few necklaces and some earrings for reasonable prices. Worth a trek if you don't live in the neighborhood.
