I came here around May and it was such a wonderful experience. The girls at this location are so much more friendly than the Boston location. I was able to pick up two dresses and a belt here. Pricey purchase? Yes, but the clothes are quality and I'm so happy to find pieces that actually do resemble what retro clothes were like instead of just typical, inaccurate Rockabilly clothing that people so often confuse for accurate representation.
The best! Though I work for the Fort Lauderdale store, on my visit to our New York location I knew I was in good hands. The entire staff was friendly and I had so much fun dressing up in the Dita Von Teese collection even though it was way out of my budget. I definitely am looking forward to visiting my sister store again in the near future :) xo
The selection is gorgeous and within 20 minutes of being there I was complimented, offered assistance, and jammed to some pretty good music. The decor of the store is ultimately what I've seen bringing people in. It's very kitschy, vintage, and a lot of fun in there! My wallet is trembling in fear of my next visit.
Glamourous style with a vintage feel...great for curvy women. Absolutely love this store! They have a sales rack in store and an online clearance site which helps make it more affordable. Loads of fun in this store!
I just got back from Tatyana's, and it was such a perfect store, and a perfect experience, that I couldn't wait to write a review! Unlike other pinup/vintage style stores in NYC, Tatyana's was a huge,welcoming space, and the staff was extremely friendly. From the minute I walked in, Amanda helped me pick out dresses that fit what I was looking for and that would flatter my figure. I was there for a long time, and she constantly came to check on me, and offer her advice about how everything looked. She really went above and beyond to provide amazing customer service. The dresses are beyond amazing-- I ended up spending way too much money, but I couldn't resist! I found some beautiful, unique retro style dresses that didn't look to costumey, and that fit like a glove. I can't wait to wear my dresses, and to have enough money to come back!
I don't know why New York doesn't have more shops like this. Not only are the clothes adorable but the staff is ultra helpful and friendly. I am so excited that I finally have a fun place to shop with the type of clothes I can usually only get online.
Great, lovely shop! Dresses for $60 and a big sale rack.
As a woman with an hourglass figure, I've gotta say it's definitely not easy to find a style that fits my body type. I love this place! Cute high-waist shorts, great dresses, and adorable blouses all at a fair price! The staff is friendly, although I would appreciate it if they wouldn't tell me that everything looks good on me. Because I know that's a lie. But it's a confidence booster nonetheless! . . . but seriously, I'll just return it if they lie so it's better not to. Either way, seriously cute, feminine pieces! Great for bulking up your non-slutty/work clothes collection!
I love Bettie Page dresses.  True they can lean towards costumey if styled incorrectly and because of the fabric that is true to the trend of the that fashion era some dress styles are more flattering than others.  But when you find a Bettie Page dress that hugs your curves perfectly and hits just right, my god you are transformed to a vintage level of sexy femininity that transcends time and place. I love these dresses so much, that when I had a terrible experience trying to buy one at a local store several years ago, I flew to Vegas and bought two dresses at their flagship store.  While there, I was thrilled to find out they were considering opening a store here in NYC.   When the doors opened here, I literally squealed with delight.  I used Bettie Page as my positive reinforcement.  When I want to get something done, I use a dress or a cute little romper, or shoes as my incentive!   I don't always find something perfect when I visit, which can be a bummer. But the ladies there are so sweet and so proud of their inventory, that I enjoy just being in the store in general.  It's a really positive vibe.  The feedback is always honest and curious and sincere and never pushy.  I'm more bummed than anyone when a shopping trip results empty handed, but I always return and I always find something the next time around because they get new things in all the time. My best tip is to try something you would never think to try. You will be completely surprised.  Pay little attention to sizing, as stretch fabrics and intentionally figure hugging cuts will warp all you know about that.  Just get into a dressing room and start trying things. Have some fun with it, cock your hip out, arch your back a little, and unleash your inner vixen!
I tend to avoid shopping on the newly snotty upscalifying Bowery, but this place is such an exception! I love that the sizing goes from XS to 4X, and the shopgirls -- all super-nice and non-attitudinal -- are all sizes. The rockabilly/pinuppy clothes can be costume-y, but if that's not your bag, there are also swanky brocade cocktail dresses, slinky evening wear, sweet summer dresses, cute bathing suits and preppy sailboat-y gear. It's expensive (for me -- dresses from $90-220) but there's a sale rack. On warm weekends the shopgirls sometimes give away snow cones outside. FYI: The name has changed to Tatyana, but the store looks the same.
This was such a great stop on my latest trip to NYC. I was instantly greeted by a friendly smile and a fun attitude from the gals working there.  The selections were great!  I would have loved to go on a shopping spree there!  Each piece I looked at was more cute than the last!  I would definitely recommend stopping here if you are looking for that must-have piece to add to your pinup collection
While this is my first review I had to say something about this lovely store and the fabulous customer service-Brianna was dressed to the nines and quite knowledgable about the merchandise, my needs, and what I might look good in. I ended up getting a dress for a 50's themed party and I have some curves that need covering. They had a varied selection and I felt pampered. I bought a dress that cost $150 but it was worth it, and I'm a bargain hunting kind of shopper! However the store is called Tatyana not Bettie page so one doesn't get confused when walking on that block. I will definitely go back for more.
The dress was a hit!! i was channeling Elizabeth Taylor!! the dress fit like a glove!! i felt like a pinup queen!
Tina Tassels is the superstarriest of the superstars. I was in such good hands during my entire visit, from everyone who helped me. The other gal who helped me even brought over a dress that she thought might look good on me, and I ended up loving it. It's just pleasant being in here. An oasis of glamour on a glum, dreary, slushy New York day!
The staff here is excellent!! Super friendly and knowledgeable. The dresses here are awesome!! I NEVER thought i'd find a dress in Bettie Page... I'm built more like an Olive Oil than a Bettie. But, upon a friend's urging I went here, and somehow, magically, I found THE dress. I felt like a million bucks as soon as I stepped into it. I didn't care how much it cost, I had to have it. Luckily, it was pretty reasonable! Some of the stuff is a little costume-y for my taste, but still lots of cute finds. And all the stuff is made for women's bodies, not stick models. I'm stick-like, my friend is all curves, and the other women in the shop all had various body types and everyone looked GORGE in these dresses. You can be of any shape at Bettie Page! My only constructive comment for the store...  The store is a little dark inside and could use some more lighting to shot off the beautiful clothes. It just didn't make me want to linger in the store for a long time the way, other boutiques do.
great store with cute feminine curve hugging clothing
Can I just move in here, or at the very least relocate my closet?  Seriously, one step inside this store and suddenly everything else in my wardrobe seemed inadequate (and I have a pretty fabulous wardrobe.) FIRST OF ALL: All of the salespeople are phenomenal - well-composed, polite, helpful and confident.  I kept wanting to ask, "Can you just make me look...as good as you do?" Kept resisting the urge to ask for  hair tutorial and hour-long chat about the importance of eyebrows. Patient as patient can be, helpful in pulling the right looks for you, and giving you HONEST feedback.  The opposite of the pushy salesperson, which makes you want to buy more. This is also an extremely body-confident, curve-embracing shopping experience, and I saw a lot of ladies come in not feeling so great about the way they looked, and leaving feeling amazing about the way they looked. (Me too!) They also let you take photos in the store and in the clothes, which is really sweet because this is kind of a "lifestyle" store and it's fun to get dressed up and try something new. Be warned though - shopping here can be addicting and may lead to a total look overall!  Which is fine, because the price point is affordable and the clothes impeccably tailored.  Seriously, I've got Prada and McQueen dresses that are nowhere near as flattering as what I've bought here. All in all, you leave feeling great, REALLY hot at any size, and wanting to come back.  An amazing experience.  Thanks ladies.   PS: I'm serious about the hair tutorials.
This is one of my new favorite stores. Bettie Page creates clothing that can seriously flatter any body type at not so outrageous prices. Not only am I in love with the clothes, but THE STAFF makes shopping here a pleasure. I easily spent 2 hours in here with my mom on one trip! Shopping can often be frustrating for me because of my proportions, so I don't EVER spend that much time browsing and trying things on. Hayley (and I can't remember the other girl's name) were extremely accommodating and brought my mom and I numerous outfits to try in various sizes as needed. They were super busy and still found time to check up on everyone and make sure we were being taken care of. They also offered to alter anything if we needed. Keep up the good work, ladies ;-)
Retro glam! Fab dresses...just pow!
I almost hate to potentially ruin it for myself by adding the Bettie Page shop to Yelp, but I'm sick of not being able to check in and post photos! Staying true to the name, Bettie Page carries high-quality retro clothing for women, and also has a very small stock of items for men and children (I'm talking like 4-5 pieces). Eras range roughly from the 40s-60s and there are a wide variety of cuts and styles. A majority of the stock are dresses, from wiggle to swing, but they also have a nice selection of slacks, shorts, tops, coats and accessories. The only thing I'd say is not terribly well curated is the shoe selection, which seems more like the spread you'd find in a consignment boutique. The place is so overwhelmingly wonderful that I don't even care about the shoes, but if they offered a quality selection of maybe Irregular Choice, TUK, Iron Fist and other rockabilly and fun leaning brands it'd really be the icing on the cake! The staff is extremely friendly and always willing to help, though I suspect they are probably trained to shriek "how cute!" no matter what you put on. I love that the fitting room area has a giant couch for your shopping partner(s) to lounge in and creates a fun showroom atmosphere in which to try on and strut about. Prices are high, but what you'd expect from this style of clothing and a a SoHo boutique. Now I just need to train myself to visit here on special occassions only so I can avoid breaking the bank!
The staff at Bettie Page sure know customer service and understand the pure joy of a great shopping experience!  I recently planned a trip to NYC around a visit to this store and was not disappointed. Lulu welcomed me, my daughter, and her boyfriend and made us feel at home. After asking what I was looking for - something special, appropriate for work - Lulu went happily and efficiently about finding me several dresses in my size.  I got to try everything on without feeling rushed and they were okay with my daughter taking a few pics. Lulu (and my daughter) provided honest feedback and helped me narrow it down to the perfect dress for me. These pinup style clothes are stylish and well made. And figure flattering! Lulu selected shoes and the cutest belt to finish off the outfit. I can't wait to go back!!!  Sure I can order online, but I'd miss out on the awesome experience of working with the knowledgeable and friendly folks in store. Well, maybe something online to hold me over...
Went in on Monday in the rain. My daughter loves vintage style clothing. We went in while Eve the singer was shopping and one other lady named Coral. We had a blast. We tried on many items and Darryel was so kind and helpful. I couldn't buy it all since we loved so much. It is a great store and I will be buying more for us. A must for any woman who wants to feel and look like a sexy sweet lady. Will be back again and I won't miss the attitude I have seen my daughter get at Endz. They will allow you to try on and take pictures if you like. A must east side gem
I was somewhat familiar with Bettie Page clothing from having seen it online, but seeing their stuff online does NOT do it justice at all! The clothing is all adorable, well made and reasonably priced.   I walked into the store just for a quick peek, about 15 minutes before they closed.  I expected the usual annoyed looks from clerks, etc - but the staff here was fantastic!  The ladies both welcomed me warmly, were genuinely friendly with other clients, and in no rush to get us out.  As I looked around, both of the shop girls offered to set me up with a fitting room.  I tried on 3 dresses (they have try-on shoes for you in the fitting room!) and came out each time to twirl for Boyfriend's approval.  The dresses I looked at were all priced between $80-$150 or so, and I don't think they go much higher than that.  Some gorgeous faux fur coats were $170 and I would have tried those on too if it wasn't already May.   Overall, I ADORED this store, and will have no problem breaking away from my usual thrift routine to patronize it, especially with such wonderful staff!!!
Holy Toledo! This place is great. I came here one sunny afternoon to splurge on a new outfit, seeing as I had just got paid. I had been here before with friends to accompany them on their cash fueled whims, and I was dying to shop here myself! Upon walking in, the staff was friendly, polite, and very helpful (not to mention dressed impeccably) They set me up with a dressing room in no time, and were very patient and honest when I tried on dress after dress. The little black heels that come in the dressing room are great to try on with the clothes, just to see how the outfit looks with a little extra "oomph!" I ended up purchasing a crinoline, a fantastic red dress, and a few other accessories. Even though I walked out $200 poorer, I felt rich in self-confidence! I've worn my new outfit to The Slipper Room, out to nice dinners with my boyfriend, and nights out on the town with my girls and I always get tons of compliments! I will definitely be coming back for more after my next paycheck. This store is simply marvelous!
