A schlubby white dude is about to write a review of an Asian beauty store. Fasten your seatbelts nerds, we're going on a ride. So first of all, in true NYC style, this place is tiny. You head up the stairs from the street and open the door to what is effectively a single, jam-packed aisle of a beauty fanatic's wet dream. Extensive usage of vertical space allows a large inventory in a tiny room, but bum luck if you're short. What's going on here is extensive brand coverage at the expense of selection within the brands. Still, something for everyone. Testers galore - handy, if you do a little makeup testing, then you can do a cleanser test too. Service was a bit hit and miss - one of the girls was beyond on point, popping up with a basket when our arms got full, but not hovering. The girl at the counter seemed, well new - didn't quite know where everything was, a little less friendly. Still, she asked about my girlfriend's skin type before offering samples, which is a really good move. As to the products themselves, my girlfriend was over the moon. Something about face masks and snails, and, look, ok I don't know anything about beauty products I use St. Ives! Still, she didn't come home with anything she didn't like, and she said the price markup was minimal, making it cheaper than having the stuff shipped. Conclusion - if you're into beauty and skin care, you'll be into this place. Just try and bring an S.O. because you're likely to come away with a lot to carry.
How do I love oo35mm? Let me count the ways. I hadn't been by this shop for a few months when an errand on Centre Street enticed me toward it again, and now I'll never leave! I went in for a solution to BB and CC creams whose color was never quite right for my skin tone, and was warmly welcomed by a woman who took the time to show me the latest BBs, which changed my mind about using them. She recommended the It's Skin Creme d'Esccargot, and so far it's both perfectly tinted and lightweight. I also picked up the Elizavecca Collagen Jelly Pack, but haven't tried it yet. Clever woman sent me home with two moisturizer samples from Sooryehan Bon, which I am now completely in love with, and will be returning to get. I forgot how jam-packed this store is with the latest in innovative skincare products from Korea--and how helpful and kind their people are. And whatever you don't find on a visit there, you can explore on their website. Like their products, oo35mm is a great thing in a small package! Love!
Do you ever walk into a beauty shop in Chinatown and feel like a bull in a china shop? I can't read the labels, everything seems displayed in such a way that only Jenga extremists could pull something out without toppling the whole shelf, and well, I just don't seem like I belong there. oo35mm isn't like those other shops-- thank goodness! Just like most of the other Yelpers, I think oo35mm has a great selection of Asian skincare and beauty products in one convenient location. It's a cute store with a welcoming atmosphere, and it's definitely worth checking out if you're in the area. Short and to the point, I think their specialty is in their customer service! The girls who work in the shop are friendly, personable, and knowledgeable. Knowledgeable and patient! oo35mm also gives out the cutest reusable bags (my carrot bag receives compliments!), and free samples that are actually worth trying and buying full sizes of-- very reminiscent of my days in Hong Kong.
I love coming here to check out their products! I've gotten some Dolly Wink false lashes, Dolly Wink black eyeliner, Princess lashes, face masks, Chacott eyeliner (check this out, it's awesome!), and a few other things. The prices are reasonable, and if you don't live in NYC like me, you can always order online. I love getting samples here too because you get to try new things. That's how I found out about Cure Aqua Gel, and it is amazing!
After reading reviews on Yelp (as I was preparing for a quick trip to Chinatown) I knew I had to visit this place. It's small, but packed with import skin care and makeup. Prices are reasonable. I got a collagen face wash for $14 and some masks for under $5. I even got a free necklace (for checking in with my Yelp app) and a free reusable shopping bag for spending over $20! The lady working was very friendly and took time explaining all of the products. They even offer translations of the products online, and you can order products online too! This is wonderful as I don't live in NY. However, I will make it a point to visit this place whenever I am up in NYC. It's wonderful!
Really small cute shop with beauty needs, knickknacks, tech accessories, and little trinkets for your room. They even have samples of somethings you can try. I was tempted to buy a bunch of things to try out - maybe next time. The lady behind the register was really friendly. She talked me into signing up for a free membership where you can get coupons and discounts! Will be back!!
This place is easily overlooked since it is on the second floor. However, once you get inside, this place is like a kid walking into a candy store. I was so captivated by the brands they carry and all the cute little souvenirs and gadgets sprinkled throughout the store. They have a selection of more popular Asian skincare brands and some that I've been dying to try (like Tony Moly!!!) There was also a small selection of American brand products. Once you walk in, the sales associate greets you but that was about it. However, as I was grabbing items off the shelf and struggling to hold onto items, the associate came over and handed me a basket. During checkout, she gave me and my sister a sample of the Cure Aqua Gel and went into great detail about how to use it. Overall, this was a great experience. The associate doesn't follow you around and the selection is amazing. There is also the cute cat piggy bank that serves as a tip jar. Put a coin on it and be amused!
Love this place - Banila, Heroine, Bioderma, and Paula's Choice all in the same store! Service is friendly but not overbearing, and they give good samples.
Being inside of oo35mm is like being inside of a candy shop. It's small, narrow and located in Chinatown(which smells like garbage and cigarettes) but the store is a treasure trove of makeup, skincare, hair products, nail stuff, and novelty items from Korea and Japan. I originally came for Etude House and Dolly Wink items, but unfortunately what I wanted wasn't being sold. And I was so overwhelmed by the amount of things they had that it took me a long time to decide on what to buy instead. I also couldn't read the descriptions on the packaging because they were in another language so I didn't know what any of the products did. But when I was paying for my things the nice lady told me oo35mm had an online store. My problems were solved. And... if they don't sell something in the store you'll probably find it being sold on their website.^^
Its a shame I never noticed this store until recently! I've bought some random things here like moisturizer and a hair conditioning spray, both of which were pretty much on par if not cheaper than what you'll pay at kam man's top floor and especially online. Their selection may be a bit more limited though. They also gave me a reusable bag and lots of samples. The service is amazing and they always explain in detail if you have any questions. I actually really look forward to their weekly member emails as well :) I'm not sure if their online store differs from what they have in stock so no comment on that.
Great selection of Asian beauty products (even if it is a bit expensive)! In the future I would only come to test out products before I buy them online. I was pretty disappointed that they didn't take Discover (I prefer to use that and get points back instead of using my debit card). Also, the store is really small with only one person working it, so if you don't like sales people who follow you around the store, I wouldn't recommend here.
This is probably my favorite store in china town! They have so much Asian beauty products.. THEIR BUBBLE HAIR DYES ARE SO CHEAP!!!! THEY SELL PRETTIA FOR $13.99 (usually $17 in other stores)!!!! WOOOOOO! :D
I came in here today looking for Skinfood products. My first impression of this shop is that it is super tiny. It is so small. They do try to cram in as many things as possible in the little cube areas. But I wasn't impressed. The store gets crowded very quickly. The owner and another customer was in there when I came in. It was pretty cramped already. That's how small the shop is. The item I wanted was priced a bit higher than I expected even with the markup for profit. There wasn't a tester so I didn't want to pay $17 for something I cant test. I noticed that a lot of the brands that are featured in the store were running low in stock. That means that the store has a much faster turnover rate but it's also bad for customers who want to buy something but can't find it. When I was leaving, a group of tourists came in and it was getting difficult to even get to the door. I think I would rather go on ebay to buy the skinfood products. But for those who don't mind the markup and want to see products in person, this store would be more useful to you.
Very small and cute place. I had hard time finding it. I gave only 3 stars because I had a lot of expectation as to what was going to be available but ended up not finding any of it. The staffs were very polite, which I really appreciated because I didn't understand any of the labeling on the products.
THIS PLACE IS MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE! It carries a bunch of Asian goodies from beauty products, little knickknacks, tech accessories, etc. Even if it's super small, it's great for when you're looking for gifts for others. I bought a pair of Pocky chopsticks and a cute little ducky tea infuser for a friend's gift the last time I went. In Chinatown, I always make this a stop!
Now don't go here thinking you're gonna have this big expanse of a store to move around in. It's tiny. Super tiny. Even tinier when there's a handful of customers in there. However, they've managed to cram a ton of things in there that if you're like me, you get overwhelmed on what to buy, what not to buy, how to resist picking up everything Hello Kitty... but that's not a bad thing. It just means if you don't go in there with exactly what you want or are looking for, you may find yourself in the predicament of going in for one thing and coming out with fifteen. That said, there's an incentive to join their store membership program. I'm unsure if I got a card or anything for it (think of those keychain loyalty cards) but I doubt it as I didn't see one in my bag or purse. Anyway, when I signed up, I got my fifth product free which ended up being an Innisfree face mask. Whoo! Free stuff! You also get a cute reusable bag that folds up into a strawberry. They carry a fair bit of Asian skincare products like Etude House, Innisfree, Kose, My Beauty Diary, and Cure Aqua Gel. They also have Tony Moly, but I could only find two products from that company and neither of them were the Sherbert Cleanser I was looking for. Sad, but nothing I lost sleep over. The associates (the two of them?) were super helpful and nice, especially the girl at the register who encouraged me to take my time (I felt rushed not because of her or anybody at the store, but because I was with somebody who tagged along and they have no interest in anything in the store.) It's definitely a place I'll come back to as the prices seem fair and most of all, the customer service is top notch.
This has got to be one of my most favorite stores to go to for beauty needs. It's on the second floor of a restaurant and you can't miss the sign outside. Although it's small, really small, it has a lot of the stuff I use like Cure, Etude House, and Hada Labo. Additionally, the carry Bioderma and Avene in case you're into French skincare. The selection isn't huge but everything in there is adorable! Not only can you find skincare and makeup, but also cute phone cases, shower necessities, and Rilakkuma accessories as well. I went in there yesterday looking for just one thing and came out with a lot more than I planned to buy because I couldn't help myself. You will surely leave with a bunch of stuff that you don't need so be sure to have some extra cash on you!
I love this place! The staff was very kind and she did not follow you around the store or made you feel as if you were being watched. There's so many Asian skincare products, especially those from Korea which I often had to buy from online. She also offered me membership and made sure that I knew how to use each product I bought. I also got the Cure's Aqua Gel sample which I've always wanted to try (which is amazing) and an eye cream. If you buy $20+, you will get a reusable carrot or strawberry bag with the logo on it!
If you need some small gifts or Asian beauty products, this is the place to go! This tiny shop is tucked away on the second floor above a restaurant, but it's chock full of fun things to look at. Some random examples include: animal-shaped tea infusers, shower caps that look like strawberries, animal mugs, Pocky-shaped chopsticks, panda USB hubs, camera cases that look like cameras, etc etc etc. There are just tons of quirky little items to buy, especially if you like cute animal things. Half of the store is devoted to Asian beauty products, mainly Japanese and Korean brands. I can't remember which Japanese brands they have, but Korean ones include Etude House, Skinfood, Tony Moly, Innisfree, and Skin79. If you're looking specifically for BB creams, you should definitely check this place out because they have a lot. Also note: If you check in on Yelp on your phone, you can get a free necklace with a $20 purchase!
A wonderful place to pick up imported goods from Asian! I have loved this place since my first time came here. They have such a great selection of products, and their staff all very friendly and eager to help. One of the girls was great for helping me find what I needed. I walked out with some great samples, some products that I will definitely buy next time! I have been going here at least once or twice a month. They never push me to buy anything but would like to recommend based on their own experience and customer feedback. That's so nice~ I'm a fan!
This place is amazing! I was in Chinatown on Mother's day for a dentist appointment and remembering all of the yelp reviews on this place, I decided to check it out. When I came in an employee was cleaning the door. She saw me come and she stopped cleaning and opened the door for me. Wow. That was unexpected, but in a good way. I have never been treated so politely before. After She finished cleaning, she came in to take the register. She was the only employee working, but that's understandable since the store is so small. She was very polite, sweet and cheerful; very refreshing and different from the unhappy employees that I usually see in Asian cosmetics shops. She helped me find a facial mask for my mom and recommended a few products. This store was five-stars easily. Then when I went to pay, she asked me what kind of re-usable bag I wanted which I thought was incredibly sweet as she could have given me any bag and I wouldn't have complained. Then she throws in s free dark spot correcter, a skin care guide for my mom, skin79 bb cream samples, and a free owl necklace! Even though this store is small it has a great selection of merchandise and the best customer service I have ever encountered! Definitely going back and definitely recommend! P.S. Did I mention they have Bioderma! That stuffs not avalible in the United States yet so if you want Bioderma they have it!
I am so glad to have found this store and it's beside my favorite bubble tea place, Ten-ren!!! It maybe small but they got tons of cute hair, phone, home and kitchen accessories that is great for gifting! On the other side of the wall are all Asian brand beauty products and more hair and beauty tools! Dolly Wink, Etude House, Skin79 and so much more other brands - check out their website and FB page for more updated products available at their store. As what is seen on their website, a free reusable bag is free if you spend over $20 and another cute gift (I got an owl necklace from my visit yesterday, not sure if this varies week to week) if you spend over $25! *I had a small shopping list before I came in here so I easily spent more than $25 and so I received both gifts!
The only way I would ever get Asian beauty products was when 1) I would visit Asia, (but then again, it's been over 2 years now) 2) a family member or friend would go to Asia, 3) Amazon -- but I'm hesitant because of fake products.  After Aileen W. introduced me to oo35mm, which is conveniently 2 blocks down the street from her apartment, I will no longer have to rely on other sources because after explaining that I was from out of town and wanted to purchase as much products as I could to bring back home, they mentioned that they have an ONLINE STORE WITH FREE SHIPPING OVER $65!  Since I'm a huge beauty junkie, I can easily go over $65 so that's never a problem for me! You can find all types of beauty brands here -- from Skin79, Hadolabo, Dollywink, Cure, SkinFood, Shiseido, Dr. Jart, AND SO MUCH MORE!  I've never seen such a huge selection of Japanese, Korean, and Chinese products in one place.  Plus, the prices are also cheaper than what you can usually find online!  They also sell toys, trinkets, accessories, and a lot of other cute goodies. The sales associates were helpful, knowledgeable, and were readily available if we had any questions.  If you join their membership program, you also get 15% off your whole purchase!  You also receive a cute reusable bag with a $20+ purchase.
The service is impeccable. They have everything you could ever want that you can't get without a lengthy shipping time. The store is amazing. It is a little hard to find if you are a New Yorker who is used to not looking up. It's on the second floor on a crowded street in Chinatown. On a hot July day, the tiny store with blazing air conditioning is a life saver. One side of the store sells very small and quirky imported gifts. Some Iphone covers, Hello kitty wallets, wallets, etc. The other side of the store sales imported beauty products mainly from Korea and Japan. They also sale European brands like Avene and Bioderma. I should mention that the Bioderma that they sale here is about 1/3 cheaper than anywhere else I've seen in this city. You can get a 500ml bottle for around $30. Clean. Quite. Definitely my new go-to spot.
Customer service A+++++++ they always giving out the best suggestion that I most needed~ love to shop in the store so much~  they handle lots of different product, like toys, skincare, make-up, hair accessories, cute housewares and etc.......my eyes r rolling now thinking wt should I get now? Hummm...
*squeals like a Japanese school girl* A walk-in closet full of Asian beauty products! Specifically Japanese & Korean. Got myself: -Hada Labo -Cure Natural Aqua Gel (well worth the money! it really does work!) -My Beauty Diary Masks Very cute & helpful staff :)
Oh heaven!!!! A random trip around NYC and a walk around Chinatown lead us to this wonderful place ! May I say I spend the most here during my whole trip, beside eating . So my point is , this place is awesome !!!! Spend at least an hour in here.. Half of it just browsing around . Authentic products ; skinfood , BB cream, the renown cure aqua gel that beside eBay and amazon you can't get it anywhere else . I also found bioderma which in my case is the best make up remover ever !! (Sorry Lancôme) . They also have toys and iPhone accessories . Prices are good ! Plus they give you a reusable cute strawberry bag when you spend over $20 . They also gave me a cute owl necklace , lucky me that I came during a promotion!  I had to bookmark this place so I can come back . I didn't know they have an online shop. Knowing that I could've stop myself from buying the whole store !  The two lady that work in the front is really nice and helpful !
Located on the second floor of a row house, this fun and quirky boutique carries a variety of gifts, [legit] Asian hair and skin care products (mostly Japanese and Korean), and accessories. While more geared toward women, there's a nice balance of products for all sexes. If you're looking for BB Cream, they have popular brands like Skin79, Dr. Jart, and Etude House. While there, I purchased an Etude House BB Magic Cream for $20. My brother bought some Gatsby Moving Rubber (hair wax) for a great price. They even sell Palty, a popular Japanese box dye. Palty is especially good for stubborn-to-dye Asian hair, as it contains more bleach. Price was on par with the shops in SF Japantown. The girl at the counter was really nice and knowledgeable, and encouraged us to shop on their website when we told her we weren't from the area. They have a frequent buyer card and purchases of $20 or more receive a reusable bag. Definitely check it out if you're in Chinatown.
Finally a store where they know their products well. I had a hard time trying to choose which bb cream to get, until the girl at the counter came and helped me out. The girls really know which products to recommend for which skin type, and they're super cute and nice unlike other places I have been to. Every time I come they always end up helping me out only because they have tons of other brands and products to choose from. Their prices are also cheaper than other places. From cute toys to multiple asian brands cosmetics, this is definitely a shop to stop by.
*UPDATE* The product-in-question was their hot pink BB cream from Skin79. I'm always cautious so when I tested it and looked at the product/packaging, I deemed it fake based on the various bb creams I used and that I used to buy authentic Skin79 from skin79.com However, This place is indeed a authorized re-seller. Confirmed by Skin79 themselves! (I took the liberty of emailing them). I deeply apologize for the inconvenience I may have caused the owners or others. I went back to visit in hopes of purchasing the Hot Pink Skin79 BB cream but unfortunately, they were sold out...drats. I ended up spending well over $95 on Sana Pore bb cream, Skin79 bb cream and the hyped up Cure - natural aqua gel. Customer service was absolutely spectacular and the salesperson provided a lot of knowledge about the products and background with each suggestion. I am now a loyal customer and will be revisiting again and again for all my beauty needs. Once again, disregard my earlier review as that was based on just my first visit where no salesperson assisted me in my shopping experience. ***READ ABOVE FOR UPDATE* DISREGARD BELOW. Conveniently located but too bad they sell fake Skin79 bb creams.. Went here the other day in search of authentic skin79 bb creams and sadly, this place is not it. The authenticity sticker has a faint "void" on it and the words are easily scratched off if you use your nails. Just a word of warning about this shop and any other shop in Chinatown. I bought an authentic one from "Shake Country Cosmetics" in Elizabeth Center.
Super sweet staff that gives good recommendations but isn't pushy like some other stores. They know the balance in giving a customer space/good service. Like all the other reviews, it's a mix of cute small things like purses, lots of Pochi merchandise, Hello Kitty, cell phone cases, earbuds, charms. On the opposite wall are all different kinds of beauty products. You get to choose which free reusable bag you want and they give you some free samples to try. Nice!
I don't like this store . The people is not friendly , and the items is such expensive . We can go anywhere else to buy . Here is more expensive than other stores . And they charge tax no matter you pay cash or credit card . I don't like it at all .
OK, dropped some serious cash here.  They have a great selection of Asian toys/knick knacks/beauty products.  And hard to find ones like Etude House, Skin Food.  Very fun store!
a lot of japanese and korean skin care products on display. the lady in-charge of the store is very nice and friendly. will definitely try to come back next time to purchase more products.
Though smaller than I expected, the physical store manages to cram quite an assortment of Asian beauty products and novelty gifts its the tiny space. From wallets made to look like folded up notebook paper to Japanese false lashes, 0035m provides shoppers with the fun, the functional, and the glam.  I had a really good shopping experience thanks to the very helpful and knowledgeable staff as well as the well-organized shelves and racks. Prices are slightly higher than the neighboring pharmacy, which also carries beauty merchandise. I saw a face wash for a dollar less there. However, 0035's service and ease make it worthwhile. It doesn't hurt to shop around, but this is a good place to start.
they have big promotion like buy 3get the 4th thing for free and get gift certificate, free KissMe liquid eyeliner or free face wash ：）
The only store I go to when I want Asian skincare products. They have all kinds of masks and Japanese skincare products at a very good price which is why I love going in here. I always end up buying at least 2-3 items. The workers there are always sweet and never hover or push you to buy something. They always have something fun to give away when you spend over a certain amount as well.
I must say, there's always a lot to see in Chinatown but this shop has so much amazing this look at and buy at such awesome prices.  I love makeup and cute accessories so when walking in everything is so neatly organized, the things that best interests you just pop up like if they were calling you. When it came to my fiancé, he went straight to the the phone accessories and the figurines. It was great and then everything else start grabbing your attention because somethings become needs/wants and others were like "oh ive never seen this before" and become curiosity. The girls that work there were really friendly and were very helpful. So its a must go shop place for sure!
went for the first time today, and it was so great. went next door first to get some bubble tea (because obviously) and then went up the stairs to get inside. the store is really really small, not in the way that you can't move but in the way that if you don't look close enough you will definitely miss things because its all packed in so close together on the shelves to fit everything. theres soooo much stuff here! i went to pick up some new skincare items, and for a while i didn't want to ask for help (shyness is one of my weak points) but decided what the hay i can barely read half of this stuff anyway. the sales associate was really helpful when i asked what kind of cleanser, moisturizer, and toner i should use for my sensitive, breakout prone skin. she gave me a few options and was opening all the testers to use on me or herself to show what the product looks like. i ended up with a hada labo cleanser, moisturizer, and the cure aqua gel peel (which is CRAZY fun to use, although you really can't do it more than 2 times a week, as i was warned). i also signed up to become a member, because i will definitely be returning.
One of the best Asian beauty stores I went to so far. The shop may be small but they do have a variety of goods. The sales rep was very friendly. She understood English pretty well and helped me find what I was looking for. I got everything I wanted and a free necklace after purchasing over $20. Overall the experience was nice. The cashier even asked me what my skin type was and gave me free samples to accommodate for it. I enjoyed visiting and will definitely be back. P.S.- they have an online store too!
this place is pretty sweet. it's a good shop to stop at when you have time to kill.. want to spend money..or need to buy gifts. theres different selections of urban toys and asian cosmetics. most of the items are affordable...they carry hair waxes which i like. chick at the counter pretty cute too. ;) if you're at chinatown then this is a nice quality shop to check out.
I purchased some beauty products for my girlfriend and the employees were extremely helpful with their advice on which one would be best suited for her. I purchased the Cure Aqua Gel that they recommended. This store contains a lot of stuff I don't normally see at other gift shops. Compared to other stores selling the same products, this is the only store I found with reasonable pricing. I would repurchase from here again.
everyone here was really helpful! :) though I can't discern most of the packaging, i've always been assisted.
Best gift shop in Chinatown, love the stuff there, cute and unique. A++++
I can say this is the best gifts shop in Chinatown. This shop has many cute Japanese stuff and Japanese cosmetics. The price is really unbeatable. Some shops in Chinatown sold their stuff ridiculously expensive but this shop is not. I often buy from there.
