I've been going to Lockwood since it was a previous incarnation around the corner. It's amazing! Incredibly well-curated selection. For years I've been able to go to the store owners or, now, the shop tenders, and say "I need a [insert occasion] gift for a [description of person] who is my [relationship]" and come up with a variety of options at many price points. I've gotten kid's birthday presents, wedding gifts, gifts for my picky mom, for crafters, for dudes, and lots of presents for myself. The store is spacious and chock full of delightful goodies. The card selection is on point. And the jewelry! I wish I had thousands of dollars to adorn myself in the great baubles and perfumes. I can't wait to see what Lockwood Style has in store, the next door women's clothing boutique that will have sizes 2-22! Plus size shoppers are well-represented.
Lockwood is a great boutique for home goods and gifts.   They have a great selection and the products are good quality at reasonable prices. The service is friendly and they have a great loyalty program.  The store is also really fun to shop...its very eclectic and whimsical.  This summer they opened up the backyard with garden items for sale and while you're there you can enjoy coffee and pie (which was delicious!). The children's area is also great and well merchandised.  My nephew is due in November, so I'm sure I'll be spending a lot of time at Lockwood in the future! It's great to have such a trendy and fun boutique in Astoria!
This is a quaint and cute little store that sells small pieces of décor and home goods, clothing, jewelry, and random treasures. The outdoor space in the back is nice, but very small-- they sometimes sell coffee and pastries back there. The price range is a little high, but they are going for more of a boutique vibe more than anything.
The coolest funky things--everything is off the wall, reasonably priced, and there's lots of Queens-themed gear. If you like Anthropologie and have a witty sense of humor, don't miss this!
Absolutely adorable! I want to buy everything in there! I just moved to the neighborhood and I loved going into Lockwood to find accessories for the apartment; I bought mugs, candles, magnets, cute little postcards to frame and even a small area rug. The only downside to the store is that its a bit expensive, so I stuck to smaller purchases.
LOVE this store! It is part of the tour I give to friends who are thinking of moving to Astoria. It is the best curated gift store I've ever been to, and I find it hard to leave without making a purchase. The clothes and jewelry are so cute and rather affordable, and all the gifts are so fun to look at. Definitely stop in if you're in the neighborhood!
I have found gifts for several of my friends here at Lockwood. The store is pretty and the owners have an eye for quirky, fun and beautiful decor and housewares. The children's section has Melissa and Doug items as well as skip hop etc, and also sells queens t shirts and the like. Prices are slightly high.. But it's a local business so I don't mind paying a few bucks more.
Moving from Brooklyn to Astoria, there were some stores I missed visiting frequently... like A&E Merch, Whisk, the little mall on Bedford, etc... but I stumbled upon Lockwood (which I saw on an Astoria blog and how it was on Orange is the New Black). Really awesome place. I need to spend some more time, but you can get some great local products, cocktail related products, neat little unique gifts and books, and also various home decor.
OH MY BOUTIQUE HEAVEN! Astoria has a mini-Anthro/Urban O/Delphenium Home shop! It's all my favorite stores into an awesome boutique with a great location. I was strolling on a Brunch-Saturday and glorious folding glass walls seduced me to take a peak inside a very adorable, attractive store that... can it be true? Is this place a mirage? Do my eyes deceive me that there is a walk-to small-shop that has everything that I probably don't need but desperately must have?? The aromas, the soaps, the jewelry, the clothing, the kitchen accoutrement; all adorable, all beautiful and One-of-A-Kinds from independent US vendors. You can find something for anything in there. The employees are very helpful, very groovy and they're hip and with it when it comes to emailing receipts and all that new tech stuff. I also look forward to seeing more Hellavu Sale Deals sometime or another. Say those magic words to me and I'm yours forever, Lockwood. The one Lockwood Con: Awesome stores popping up like these in Astoria are going to significantly raise my rent next year. #whyleaveAstoria
The BEST boutique in Astoria/LIC Found a great necklace by Marisa Haskell during my last pop in at Lockwood. Fell in love with it. Luckily, it was on sale as I probably wouldn't purchased it for the full $180 price! The only complaint, and this was the first time it had happened, was that I asked the sales associate to look up the material of this 'expensive' piece of jewelry and she did. However, she told me it was gold filled, but it ended up being brass. BIG difference. I found that it was brass after I looked up the designer's website that night. I am sure it was an honest mistake, but... Great assortment of gifts, home decor, fun items you never thought you needed until you saw them, candles, kids stuff, jewelry, Astoria/Queens items, etc. XOXO Lockwood!
I love Lockwood. It's my go-to place for cute gifts for friends and their kids! I love that most (all?) of their products are made in the USA. Their soaps and perfumes are made with with wonderful ingredients, their toys are made from quality materials, their baby clothes are made from organic cotton. It's THE place for great local products. The new store is beautiful and the staff is always friendly and helpful! It's right near the N/Q Broadway stop in Astoria. Get there!
This store is amazing and wonderful. It was very hard for me to not buy everything. The entire shop is so well curated and every detail is super thoughtful. The owner is great to talk to, helpful and knows a lot about design. The prices are great! I can't wait to go back again. Good job Lockwood!
I still can't get enough of this adorable boutique. Full of clever, whimsical items this store is sure to please anyone who crosses it's threshold. Make sure to check out the new holiday assortment - it will knock your socks off! Ask about the Lockwood loyalty program too, totally worth it. Love the staff, love the store, love that it's in our neighborhood!
I always find great finds for both adult and children's gifts. Very handcrafted type of place.
Great find! Store is always decorated so nicely.Always clean and neat and as you walk in their scented candles greet your nostrils! They're a bit pricey but you can always walk out with something cute and unique no matter your budget. Whenever I need a gift or a nice card this is always my first stop!
I am friends with the owner, but who cares? The place is awesome. SOooooo much cool stuff for gifts and a whole room for kids. Decorated really nicely, I really can't even believe this place exists - and here in Queens. The old business SITE was about a quarter of what this is. Clothes, bags, prints, kitchen stuff - it's just about a guaranteed hit. Astoria is truly here. So many people are patronizing the businesses here, so many people in the streets shopping and eating. Lots of creative businesses popping up and people to support them. I gotta tell you, I get jealous.
This is my new favorite place in the hood. SO many AWESOME finds here... from big ticket items to small fun gadgets.... I really had a hard time leaving with only 3 items. The service was friendly, the store is very well maintained, I could spend hours here and it's not even that big. There's just that much to see. Also, they carry Tokyo Milk perfumes... which was a wonderful  surprise since I can never find my scent anywhere, of course it was sold out... but that's just one more reason for me to go back and stalk them until I get it. So excited to have this in Astoria!!!
I'd been wanting to check out this shop for months, since moving to Queens, and I'm so glad I finally did! Great selection of gifts and local-themed artwork, accessories, and housewares that you can't find anywhere else. Beautiful!
this store is great! the curation is on point. its pretty clear that the margins are high, but they deserve it. i got fantastic stuff, wonderful accents for my apartment.
This is the best, most awesome, [insert 10 more effusive praise words here] gift/lifestyle store I have ever set foot in.  You will want to buy everything.   And perhaps you should because: a) supporting local businesses is the best, b) the owner is awesome and c) all the people on your holiday gift list will thank and be infinitely impressed with you!
Essentially a curated Etsy shop. They have all sorts of cool little gifts and knick knacks. I especially enjoy all the cool Queens/Astoria gear. Everything is reasonably priced. If you're looking for a gift for someone who has everything or is hard to shop for I would definitely check this place out.
Very cute store with lots of Queens tchokies, too. Surprising amount of clothing since the store is rather small. I'd like to see more housewares, honestly. And where are all the holiday cards? Anyway, you're bound to see something fun and a great gift for others - or yourself!
Love this little shop!  Great place to pick up gifts for friends and family.  Decent prices for quality product.  Especially enjoyed the Matt and Nat handbag collection.  Cute little kids selection in the back.
SITE was nice but Lockwood is awesome.  It's easily 3x larger than SITE was and correspondingly more products to choose from.  The owner did a great job in decorating the store and making it look attractive and I swear her music collection came straight from my phone.  If you're looking for a unique gift for your friends then Lockwood is certainly the place to be.  Needless to say, I walked out with an impulse buy and walked away quite happily with a vintage map of Astoria....only because Astoria is in fact awesome.
Love this local gem. I have never gone and left empty handed - whether it's a last minute christmas gift for folks back home or a unique pair of earrings for me - they have a great range for anyone with style. I personally never spend time in the kids section and would love to see more clothes there instead, but i also know that someday I will need a last minute baby gift and will be so relieved that they are just down the block! it's great to go every month or so, because they change inventory and always have something new that catches my eye! well done.
This place is so cute! I'd heard some buzz that this place would be opening in Astoria soon, but wasn't sure where or when. Turns out its on the very street I live on! I passed it while walking to dinner on Broadway and was so impressed! At first I wasn't sure what it was...it kinda looks like someone's really awesome apartment on display. But then I saw the "Lockwood" sign and remembered hearing about a new store. The storefront is this huge open space that immediately draws you in. Its honestly just awesome to look at because its so bright and fun looking! But then its filled with the coolest stuff - furniture, clothes, gifts, bags, jewelry, home decor, toys, everything! And not your average run-of-the-mill stuff, either. They have one of the best selection of inventory I've ever seen! This place is absolutely perfect for furnishing your home or picking up a neat gift for someone special in your life. They also have items that pay homage to the New Yorker in you :) I believe they're still in the "soft opening" phase right now and will be fully open in September. Stop by! Its just a little ways around the corner off of Broadway - you will not be disappointed!
I loved SITE. It was quant, offered a wide variety of chock skies. I liked it because I felt like there was a wide range in prices. Sadly, SITE is no longer and has become Lockwood which I had the privilege of visiting the other night. Lockwood is a store front in which, in the summer I imagine, you can walk through the front to access the store. Upon entering, Lockwood offers everything Astoria and Queens. Astoria and Queens shirts, maps, posters, etc. It is the perfect place for picking up a nice gift for someone who isn't from the area, or someone who is, even. There are a lot of items to choose from which makes those whose wallets are stretched a little thin have a lot of options. However, there are a few items that are being sold there that are a bit unrealistic, in my opinion anyways, like the couch and the coffee table. Lockwood appears to be a boutique shop while also selling home goods at a very expensive price. I, personally, cannot afford such items and I think their inclusion within this store are a bit much because I don't know who would go to Lockwood to do furniture shopping. I also feel that this store would benefit from a discount location somewhere in the store, where several items are marked off or reduced. Maybe it does exist in the store, but when I was there it didn't appear to be. The staff were very friendly and helpful, helping me locate an item I needed for purchase and assuring me that the item could be exchanged if needed. In conclusion, I like the atmosphere of Lockwood and the staff, I just think a number of their items aren't necessarily consistent with the Lockwood theme and most definitely out of my price range.
Such a cute little shop. I was always a fan of it when it was SITE on 34th Avenue. That said, it's definitely pricy. I bought one plate and a headband for just under $50. Very cute stuff, though, I will definitely be back.
Cute shop selling everything from small gifts and jewelry to kids clothes and cards. They've got some amazing purses I want to go back and check out. They also seem to host trunk sales every so often. Not inexpensive, but the stuff is good quality.
LOVE. This is the exact cute little boutique that Astoria was missing. Adorable, unique, interesting, etc. goods that change every day! Owners/workers are friendly and helpful. My roommate and I purchased a silver Ram's head from here about a month ago and it's become one of our favorite apartment statement pieces. Have also purchased small gifts, delicious candles and children's clothes. The store is small but I find myself in there for an hour or more! Women's clothing is a bit expensive in my opinion, but lovely nonetheless. Also love that the entire front of the store is open to the street! I'm here at least once a week!
Despite living a block away, I finally got a chance to check out Lockwood. I love it and regret not checking it out sooner. It is THE go-to place in the neighborhood to find the perfect gift for anyone -- seriously, anyone. With an eclectic selection of items for children and adults alike, Lockwood really packs in a fantastic variety of products in a relatively small space. I love their selection of local, neighborhood specific items (Astoria, Queens rules!). The only downsides are the prices are a bit steep ($35 for a kid's tshirt??), and it's not accessible to people with strollers or wheelchairs (hence why I hadn't gone in sooner -- we always have the kid's stroller with us). I will definitely try to stop by more often and can see myself spending LOTS of money here in the future. Oh, and one more slight negative -- the person who handled my purchase -- not especially friendly. It was a gorgeous Sunday afternoon and the store had many people milling about -- a friendly, smiling face from the staff would go a long way. It was a mood dampener for sure and made me want to get out of there because I felt like I was imposing on them for asking to have my items rung up.
Fantastic local store. Perfect for gift buying! Friendly staff is always a plus, too. Definitely going back.
One of my favorite places to shop!  Right in my neighborhood, and it's the perfect place to buy gifts or something nice for yourself.  The owner is awesome and has a great eye for style, and she knows everything that's going on in Astoria, so she's great to chat with as well! I loved SITE, and have nothing but love for Lockwood too!
Love this store!  Did almost all of my Christmas shopping here. There were items for everyone on my list. The rewards program and coupons in the local rag helped me see some nice savings on my large haul.  This shop is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.
As a dedicated patrons of SITE, I couldn't be happier that this store, now Lockwood, has moved closer to my home. It is our go-to store for gifts and cards, and the only store in Astoria that I've found with unique, locally made products. And the staff is always incredibly helpful too!
