Rather than comment on the clothes bc they are pragmatic, well-fitting, very affordable, and in great variety - let me take the time to discuss the space. On the weekend of its grand opening, it was a MOB. It felt like Hong Kong, which is NYC on steroids - bright schizophrenic lights, long escalators, teems of people, poor circulation. With not an entirely intuitive lay out, it was easy to get lost and not find what you are looking for. I get that this is the flagship, but if your customers can't find the polo they came to get, you lose immediately. That being said, it's since acquired its sea legs and my subsequent visits have been better paced, more navigable, and much more enjoyable. It's still massive though so if you're easily overwhelmed by bright white enormous spaces, stick to the online shop for their goodies.
This is the coolest and biggest Uniqlo in America. Upon walking in, your eyes light up in amazement. Its one uniqlo store but it is gigantic. Very bright inside and modernized. The clothes are decently priced and styles are current. This store has the largest variety than any other uniqlo. The store is also very organized, nothing appears to be out its place and there is plenty of space to to shop and move around, the clothes section don't seem cramped together and presentation of the clothes is appealing. Very clean environment. Five stars for the overall experience in this specific store.
I think this branch may even be the global flagship for Uniqlo.  There are some items there that you can't easily find in the other Manhattan branches. With so many changing rooms, it's easier to try things on there. I do wish Uniqlo had more of the styles they have in Asia, but it's still a great place to get sturdy basics.
This is a strange store! I had never heard of Uniqlo until my most recent visit to NYC. It's like a blast into the future and apparently they're working on opening up a large location in San Francisco. This place can make you feel pretty dizzy, or like you're on drugs. This location is a huge one that spans three stories and has has everything you need for a wardrobe for men, women, and children. The clothes are dirt cheap and great for any basics you need to add to your wardrobe. They even have sales from time to time which seems amazing given their already ridiculously low prices. Definitely gives GAP, H&M, etc. a run for their money...
Always a crowded mess and their shirts are low quality and never last.  With that being said great for: jeans, undershirts and tights for the winter, and flannels.
Pros: -nice clothing -decent quality -good opening prices -service:  very good.  helpfularmada of employees Cons: -huge mega store...I wouldn't go here to have a stress free shopping experience -escalators needed in store -cashiers way in the back (at least on the 3rd floor mens dept)..inconvenient
I love Uniqlo. After visiting their Soho branch and not finding a size I wanted I was suggested to visit this location, apparently their Global Flagship store. The thing I was prepped about was, "this place is huge" and "you'll probably get lost inside."   Huge is an understatement. This place is like the matrix in technicolor. The store is literally 3 stories with mini floors in between each. The store is basically split in half all the way down with womens on one side and men's on the other. This might be a hassle since it forces you to go to each floor but it's kinda an experience. The place is super staffed with tons of cashiers and rows and rows of fitting rooms. For the amt of foot traffic through here you'll never wait more than a min to try on something. To the clothes: Initially I thought this was just another Gap/H&M kinda deal and the quality of the clothing would be less than normal but I was surprisingly wrong.  The clothing is super high quality and nicely tailored. If you're a guy and looking for fitted clothes from just shirts to work clothes this place is it. The prices are very affordable for the quality that you get. Some of the clothes have special technology like faster drying or heat insulation, perfect for new york weather. This is a great place to stock up on your wardrobe if you're in town or a local since the only stores in the US are in nyc and one opening in SF and LA soon. TIp: Free pants alterations. Also everything always goes on sale...
This is the best location, IMHO. Which makes sense, given that it's their flagship store. HUGE with a great selection and good sales for basic (or fun) clothing. Great place to bring out of town guests for something different.
This is the GRANDEST of all Uniqlos I've ever been to! This location is the Global Flagship Store, and this store is... HUGE. 3 stories of Uniqlo goodness! The store was so huge, I probably got lost in there like 10 times. The first floor they had all the cashmere items for mens and womens. They basically make cashmere affordable, so they push their cashmere items during the holiday seasons. This is what they do every year in Japan. On the second floor they have the +J items for men and women. Practically everything was marked off, and they were giving out additional discounts the day that I went. The third floor is where all the regular clothes, lounge wear, and heat tech items were. The only reason I can't give this location 5 stars is because they don't really have signs any where to tell you where you are. It was like a maze in there, so it was kind of frustrating walking around in circles, and not being able to go where you want to go while you were lugging around a bag full of clothes. I would love to go there again, but when I have more time. I think I will stick to the store in SOHO for now.
The Flagship store on 53rd and 5 Ave is pretty big. I didn't know about Uniqlo until I came to New York. But this is where I get all of my standards-- different colors of sweaters, shirts, shorts/pants and t-shirts. Nothing designer. But the best quality-to-price ratio you can get. The fit is better than the GAP and they tend to run a little truer to size. They are usually well stock on sizes, unless there is a sale going on. Then all the skinny budget fashionistas grab all the smalls and all that's left are the XXL's. This store is 3 levels. Usually some special promotion is on the 1st floor. The 2nd floor is the special designer collections (in the past J+ and Undercover). Most of the clothes are on the 3rd floor. Not going to lie, its does get a little overwhelming and somethings are hard to find logically. I end up walking around the store until I find what I want. A solid place to shop and usually the best stocked Uniqlo in NYC.
I love Uniqlo stuff - its like a cool, better version of Gap/Old Navy/H&M and even more unique as Uniqlo only has stores in the U.S. in NYC (for now) and they don't ship (for now).  I like this store in particular simply because it is on the iconic 5th street (lots of other shopping nearby too).  Also love how big the store is and how much stuff they carry. As for the brand itself, Uniqlo sells quality items (mainly clothing but also has some accessories) at a very reasonable price.  I like, especially in hot and humid places like NYC or Asia, their "dry" line of clothing.  It is very similar to the Champion dry fit shirts at Target but cheaper (not in quality though).  Also be sure to check out their sales as they take big discounts on their already cheap prices. Uniqlo needs to hurry up and open a store in DTLA.  Only thing in NYC that makes me jealous (aside from the no sales tax on clothing items)!
I remember when the first store open in Soho with no review at all. Then This store opens on 5th ave and all people come out from under rocks. The line was wrapped around the corner and the wait was an half hour. Crazy! I visited the store before 8pm and was able to just walk in with no problem. I think the layout is great and the window displays were very well thought out. I suggested they put up some street signs to direct people to different items. Hell, they need a traffic lights in the place to control the people. The clothes are made well. They kinda feel like the military body armor worn for the winter cold months, my  favorites. I can't get with the jeans, I haven't yet found a pair of jeans that would cover my nice sexy real ass. One day they would create that jean, hope in my lifetime. The coats are ok, just not into trusting thin air filled fabric overpriced. All in all this place rocks. I'm feeling after a month or so, this place will be like the other stores in the neighborhood, loud with a trickle of people going in and out.
This is a great store.  Great clothes at a great price.  Shopping in here feels like being in some sci-fi movie. The somewhat weird but peppy voice on the speaker system ("WELCOME TO UNIQLO..."), the crazy bright colors on the stairs, employees everywhere welcoming you in. Men's clothes seemed to be organized by a color scheme and a huge selection!  It was really big, but alas nothing for me here.
Personally I don't really understand why people love this store. When I walk through this store it reminds me of uniforms. No design, plain color and even when they have designs on a t-shirt it looks like its for a 6 year old. Everything just feels boring and dull, I can't attest to the quality for the clothes since I have never purchased any clothes here. But you can't possibly tell me that its better than the clothes in Macy's as I'm pretty sure the price margin is almost the same. The store is huge though, its got three floors to walk through. But and thats a big BUT, what were they thinking when they organized the store? Rather than separating the floors into men's and women's they decided to throw everything together. Every single floor has men's and women's clothing. Overall its a good store to visit and hang out for a little bit when you're bored. And if you're into interior design you would love the lights and inside structure. But personally I think the bright colorful lights they use in here are a distraction device to make you not realize how monotone their clothes really are.
Priced very well (the most comfortable jeans EVER for only $20). Cheap socks and underwear that I'm thrilled with, as well. Would of enjoyed more of a men's selection seeing as the store is literally four floors or more.. Am excited about shopping online, though!
I find huge bustling stores like the SoHo Uniqulo a little overwhelming, so I expected the 5th Ave to be a total fiasco. Not at all what I expected; I got in and out quickly, without any hassle. Well laid out retail design and efficient checkout. As to the brand in general, I love it; cheap, and good quality stuff that fits well. They carry stuff for very big people, as well as stuff that works great for very slim, tall people. Okay, fine: they do have a knack for putting ugly pockets on things in weird places and their blazers are a general offense to aesthetics, but... nobody's perfect. Oh yeah, and they will tailor pants for you for free if they cost more than $20: totally awesome if you're cursed by odd-number-inch pant length like me (31l).
cheap good looking clothes that last a long time and fit well and flagship store. what more do you want! their jeans are pretty dang awesome too and free alterations over $20, which all jeans are so all you really need to do is find your waist size and you are set! woot!
This Uniqlo location is great.  And Uniqlo, in general, is great.  I first visited this store when I moved to New York, and after seeing their hundreds and hundreds of subway ads.  Not understanding what the hell "heat tech" is, I visited the 5th Avenue location, and was overwhelmed at the size  I've made a few visits there now, and realize that it's pretty well laid out.  Not only does this store have some fun, unique clothing, they have a plethora of employees, all of whom are friendly, really great prices for the quality, and ever-changing styles and promotions, so there's always something different (which isn't great for my wallet or tiny closet, but great for selection).  I would strongly recommend visiting this store both for shopping and cool apparel, but also just to see the huge size of this place.  It has to be one of the biggest stores on 5th Ave. I have also visited the Uniqlo locations in Soho and 34th Street, and have always been satisfied.  On a few occasions, the store has not had the item in my size, though usually one of the three stores in the city seems to have what I want in my size.  I like the guy who reviewed below me, who seems taken back by the fact that a flagship store in New York City might be out of his size (he equates it to Starbucks running out of coffee...it's more like Starbucks running out of the coffee you want, not out of coffee in general), but just like Starbucks, Uniqlo has several locations, so it's on you to venture to the other ones and see if they have your size.  But in general, this place is worth the crowd and commute.  It's really a great company.
If you are a person who is looking for good deal, this place is the place to check out.  If you are lucky, you can find dress shirts for $10 which I thought was better than buying a used shirt from a Goodwill/Salvation Army store, and it didn't take me a long time to find where the on sale items are.   The staff were very helpful and friendly.  For instance, I was having trouble deciding what size of dress shirts I should buy, a large or a medium.  All of a sudden, there were three staff workers crowding over me and giving their opinion.  Eventually, I took the girl's advice and got the medium.  Enough said, you will always feel like a value customer in Uniqlo.   The only complaint I have about this place is they only sell 34" long jeans.  If you need your jeans to be shorter, they help you taylor your jeans in the store, but it will take around 30 minutes.  For some reason, this annoyed me for a little bit, so I wound up not getting it.  But, if you have time, which I never do these days, I thought the pair of jeans were very reasonably priced ($29) and they actually looked presentable. Besides my lone complaint, this store is usually very crowded, but there seems to be an adequent amount of cashiers so that checking out of this place isn't a very big issue which is a big plus for me.  The atmosphere looks very different than other department stores you go to.  It's Asian-like, that's the best I can describe it.  For a person who doesn't shop that much, I have a helluva a time here with my friends.  You should definitely try this place out.
Good men's selection and lots of sizes. If your a guy and you find something you like and buy 5 of them in different colors this store is for you. They have great mens wear and have a huge selection of sizes and colors. There designs are simple and classic and they offer small variations off the basic designs. As a guy I love this place, not sure about Womens side though?
Uniqlo Stinks!  Buyers beware of their return policy!!!! Just purchased a pack of underwear for my 6 year old son.  It was cut too small and I went into the store to exchange them.  I was told a flat "NO".  No returns or exchange on package items, and no returns or exchange on under garments.  Keep in mind, their stuff is cut really "small".  Not for the average Americans! Will never shop at Uniqlo again!
Part of the reason I have been surviving winter, aside from cashmere,  is Uniqlo HeatTech shirts.  The opening of its Fifth Avenue branch has made all of their adorable items much more accessible and just the magnificent store makes shopping much more pleasurable.   My friends are huge fans of their leggings and I have to say I can't blame them. :) Because it is opening day, Heat Tech shirts are on sale for $12.90 while the cashmere sweaters are only $49.90 until the end of this month.
I walked in to Uniqlo to get out of the rain. Bought a cute hat, circle scarf and gloves.  An hr later I walked out of Uniqlo into a snowstorm. Best. Purchase. Ever.
This Place is HUGE lol, the music isn't so loud which is good, and the People Are Helpful and Friendly .... i love most of the clothes here and usually i'm a Medium, but here i have to get a Large because its mostly for Asian Fitting! I suggest you come to this place and buy some clothes if you want to look as good as i do! LOL
New flagship store.. much larger than the one in SoHo.  Opening weekend attract a large crowd and they were ready with enough sales people on the floor and behind the register.  It was a bit chaotic and a bit overwhelming.  Although cashmere sweaters for $50 and jeans for $10 are great deals!
I buy Uniqlo short sleeve dress and polo shirts because they are so comfortable in high heat and humidity, presumably because they have to be for Japanese Summers. Also, the prices are reasonable, and many of them have pockets, which I like. Friends in the fashion business tell me they use only the best material. One piece of advice for Americans is to buy one size up; I usually take medium but find Uniqlo large fits me best.
This place is huge! You can actually get lost here. From the outside, we didn't think this store is actually that big! The place is clean & bright... Friendly & helpful staff...
This store is trippy. I really felt like I was in another country a moment after I walked in the door. It is really really big. I came here on a recommendation that the Jeans were good. I tried on a few pairs, but ultimately decided they were not for me. There are tons of other clothes too with many sizes and colors. The store had great service and people were very helpful. I would definitely go back, but I can imagine this place being nightmare around holiday time.
This branch is super-convenient to get to, because it literally sits on top of the E and M train station.  When you exit the station through the 53rd St. tunnel, turn the corner immediately to your right and the front door is right there. It can be a little overwhelming your first time here, but it's not too hard to figure out because their inventory is organized fairly well.  Generally-speaking, men's stuff occupies one side of each floor and the women's occupies the other side.  The first floor is probably the smallest, and generally has their newest special lines, like the linen shirts right now.  Go up the first set of steps and there's a small area that I consider the 1.5th floor which has more specials.  Then the next set of steps leads up to the second floor, which is mostly office-y stuff right now.  You can then take the steps up to the third floor, which is by far the biggest, and has the majority of their stock casual  basics like t-shirts and underwear.  You can also go directly to the third floor from the first using the giant escalator.  The layout of the store is very efficient and functional, and there are dressing rooms around every corner. Of course, being billed as the "Global Flagship" and being on 5th Avenue, it gets a ridiculous amount of traffic from all the tourists.  Though it can get crowded at times in the store, there are lots of staff around to tackle the mob and restore proper order to the display shelves and racks.  I worked at a Macy's one summer in high school, so I can understand what a truly Herculean task that is :) The staff here are very friendly and helpful, so don't be afraid to approach them!  I once read an article on how Uniqlo employs a much higher number of customer service people than most stores, to help improve employee quality-of-life, and I think it really shows, because I've never come across an employee that was anything less than friendly and actively helpful. It really feels like the logistics guys have thought of every possible need a shopper might have.  Every time you think of something you need, the solution is usually already prepared for you.  There are full-length mirrors like every 3 feet, on all the walls.  They have mesh shopping bags stored throughout the store in easily-visible bins to help you hold all your finds while you wander the store (with both handles and a shoulder strap to give you all sorts of carrying options!).  And if you get carried away in your browsing and want to try on more than the allotted 8 items in the fitting rooms, the attendant will cheerfully let you take in 8 things at a time, keeping the rest on a shelf right behind the counter, and exchange items with you when you want.  Once, I got emergency leggings here because it all of a sudden got cold outside, and I asked a fitting room attendant if I could use a room to put it on, and, without missing a beat, she asked me to show her my receipt, and then promptly showed me to a room. Shopping at Uniqlo takes a bit of practice, I think.  Because the vast majority of their clothes are well-made and excellently-priced, it's very easy to just start grabbing everything because they are all good deals.  But I think it's a bit boring to dress all in collared shirts and v-necks, as flattering and comfy as they are.  Luckily, Uniqlo also has non-plain clothing that are a little bit more expensive than their basics, but are still incredible deals.  If you explore the store thoroughly with a critical eye to edit down to the pieces that fit your style the most, you can come away with some totally choice clothes for pocket change.  They have lots of print T-shirts with all types of designs that are cute/trendy/edgy, whatever you're into.  I recently got this Barbie trompe-l'oeil t-shirt for $20 and a super-cute Winnie the Pooh shirt for $13.  I'm also loving their recently-out Uniqlo-Undercover collab line; I got the tunic-length hoodie and the half-sleeve shirt-jacket.  And their jeans, while not quite on the level of J Brand, AG, or Citizens of Humanity, are still pretty awesome.  Most have a fair degree of stretch to them and are super-soft, so they're incredibly comfy.  Some of the washes can look a bit drab, but their fit and build quality are unbeatable at this price-point. Being a moderately-obsessive shopaholic, I've been to a fair number of stores and malls and whathaveyou, and Uniqlo really does stand out in my experience.  In my opinion, it's THE place to go for basics, but also well worth scouting for more fashionable items due to their immense number of collabs, pulling in design talent from all over the world.  Even if I had enough money to do my shopping exclusively at Saks, Bergdorf, or Barney's, I would still enjoy coming to Uniqlo because they do have, well, unique items that I love.  Add to that the fact that the customer support system is incredibly robust and thoughtful, it makes coming to this store a real treat.
Every time I stop by, I see new, exciting trends.  This time, it was the new Andy Warhol line.  I was told "no pictures" inside the store, yet they had a free photo booth.  Very strange.  Otherwise, the customer service was great and the staff were very friendly.  True to their locations in Japan, the prices were definitely right and I saw many of the same fashion trends I saw while in Japan.  The only difference is that they tried to size the clothes for Americans (my nice way of saying, we're all fat).  If you are a size extra small, expect to be a size small or medium here.  Will definitely be back!
in tough economic times, I'm actually surprise Uniqlo was capable of opening such over-the-top global flagship store. Knowing it will be chaotic during opening week, I decided to wait a little longer to swing by to check out what's the scoop. To put it simply, it's just huge and confusing. That is why they hired people to stand by the non-working escalator (will get to that later) and elevators as a guide on how to navigate your way through this complex, maze-like store layout. Yes, the shopping experience is important but when you have too much going on; especially with all the crazy lighting and people around you, it makes you feel agitated and not want to buy anything. Yes, they supposedly have 50 cash registers and 100 fitting rooms but when you have 500-600 people in the store itself, it does not make you want to wait in line. I did a quick loop around the second floor only to find myself feeling quite dizzy from the different walkways that lead you to different showrooms. Seeing the huge line of 100+ people waiting on the cashier did not help either. I called it quits and was in frantic search to get out of the store. I saw escalators but the going down was not working. I asked a staff for other means to exit and she gave me a somewhat convoluted solution to either take the elevators or walk straight towards the back somewhere with a huge TV screen and walk down a flight of stairs. A) I hate retail store elevators because they take longer than usual even though it's only two-three floors high and B) I especially dislike the design of the stairs at Uniqlo because it makes me dizzy and sometimes I panic when I feel I'm about to misstep. I had no choice but to choose the stairs but coming out of that store gave me such a great feeling of relief. Aside from my disapproval of the layout of this store, I personally do like the quality of their products. Their HeatTech tights are like no other tights that can make me wear skirts and dresses all winter long without freezing myself. Even after several washes, they're still in good shape. Winter jackets are like a steal (unless you buy the J+) as they are generally under $100 especially when they have promotions.
Huge. Lots of ppl. But lately, I haven't found a whole lot to get excited about. Things are too basic and it just looks like GAP...with some Japanese touches (ie shapeless, baggy dresses)
Uniqlo is great but I hate this location. It is too big for its own good. Three GIANT floors of the same product doesn't make me want to buy it more... it makes me want to stop walking so much! I hate having to trek through so much store to find things. The SoHo location is crowded, but I can figure out what I want in one swoop cause it's all centralized. This place you can't get in and out in less than 15 minutes. Staff is great though... if only they would carry me around, then I'd willingly come back.
It's like the Ikea of inexpensive clothes!
How excited was I when I discovered Uniqlo had another store much closer to the Hilton New York than the SoHO location? And they had just been open for about two or so weeks before my arrival. Honestly, I love this brand and their products. I was only in NYC for a weekend and came by twice to pick up some merchandise. Funny thing was I had tried on some clothes and was walking out to go to the checkout register when I saw ...a Minnie Mouse t-shirt! They have official Disney-Uniqlo products!! The Minnie Mouse designs were based on the clothing culture of various countries, so I picked up the China Minnie and ran to the guys' side of the store to locate the Mickey version for my bf. Too bad they didn't have the England Mickey shirt (closest was Scotland), so I made do with the China Mickey shirt. The tag actually pinpoints which country this shirt was to represent, so for some designs that I couldn't figure out...I could look at the world map on the tag and see what country was highlighted. And to add to that, they had some Naruto shirts too, so I took care of gifts for the bf and my brother at the same location! The people here are very helpful and friendly. Only disappointment was that they did not have any ties in stock since it wasn't the season for it (ties have a season? 0_o). I had picked up a black skinny tie last year for $10 at Uniqlo and wanted another. Sigh, that means I need to return. They have multiple checkout counters and people all flock to the bottom one, so try the one upstairs for a shorter line. To add on to the specialness of this store, walking out from my first trip of purchases...It was snowing! My first snow experience ever and it came right as I happily left Uniqlo with my purchases. Doesn't get better than that!
Pay dirt!!!!!!!  I've been here many times but this was my first visit to the flagship store. I primarily shop at the SoHo location, and yes I did make sure I went into one while in Japan.  They have a nice variety of clothes, mostly the essentials depending on the season.  The prices are really reasonable and although it may not be top notch in quality with average wear I can usually get a good two years out of these items.  Its sort of along the lines of H&M.
Biggest and newest Uniqlo of them all! Like every Uniqlo it's colorful, spacious, vibrant, with good customer service and never out of stock of anything you are looking for! Most Uniqlos are relatively clean and this one was no different when I went in for the first time. It absolutely stands out on 5th avenue, despite the various other stores to its right and left.
They have technical clothing with design...so what does that mean, well there jeans are denim but they always have something else in them that makes them wind resistant or stretch and the fits are amazing BUT the prices are so reasonable! YOU CANNOT GO WRONG, enjoy shopping at uniqlo!
This place is run like a Swiss watch.  Everything is organized considering the hoards of people.  Not to mention, this is by far my favorite Uniqlo so far.  Some of the employees seem over it but I would be too when you deal with so many people at once but it is the flagship store.
HOORAY, I NO LONGER NEED TO BRIBE JAPANESE PEOPLE TO BRING ME UNIQLO. Probably the best place to buy basics for cheap. Most of the rest of the clothes feel like simplified H&M but at $10 I'm just going to say fuck it and buy it.
I just love this place for inexpensive, good quality wardrobe staples.  The special heat tech long sleeve t-shirts are a great layering piece for Winter and I always wear one under my sweater which keeps me nice and warm all Winter long.  They also make good tights, socks, leggings, jackets and cashmere sweaters which are so affordable here!  The cashmere quality is equivalent if not better than the private label brands at Saks etc. for less than half the price.  Their +J collections are chic and reasonable in price. It's too bad they are discontinuing the collaboration with Jil Sander.
Huge! Last season to buy +J line, which is on sale (woot! woot!) Jil Sander rocks. I recently bought a dress there and received so many compliments. One of my favorite things about Uniqlo is that they waive alterations fee if you want to shorten the length of your pants. I convert many peeps to Uniqlo when I tell them that. They never knew. Hope this helps ;)
If APPLE made a clothing store, this would probably be it. A little bit overwhelming (I'm sure due to the opening crowds), but a breath of fresh air for the NYC clothing scene. $9 jeans and $50-60 cashmere sweater will have half of NY wearing these.  Sale prices will end within a few weeks a sale-person told me.
I really like Uniqlo Heattech --- very inexpensive but warm winter clothes. This is a beautifully designed and laid-out store. But I have to complain --- I am Japanese-American and I was looking forward to shopping in a store that sells Japanese clothing... I'm not tiny, I'm 5'7", and I buy 30/30 pants, which makes me tall for a Japanese --- but this Uniqlo store only sells pants starting at 32 length. Clearly, the executives in Japan who decided to build a "flagship" store in NYC believe that ALL AMERICANS ARE GIANTS and there are no Asians who live n NYC who also might want to shop at Uniqlo, a Japanese store! it seems rather ironic to me that a Japanese-American can't find pants which fit at a Japanese store without having them custom tailored at the store. You can buy 30/30 pants nearly everywhere else in NYC.
Huge store, some of the fits are questionable, but good for basics. Their cashmere sweaters are really warm (even though they don't fit me).
Best underwear tunnel in Manhatten. Got a great deal on sweaters during open specials. Looks like an Ikea of clothing. Cash wraps are a disaster, come early or wait often.
I am from Europe; since i cannot use my debit card here in NY I prefer paying in cash. The staff of Uniqlo were the only ones in NY that looked at me as if i use fake money when I payed about 100 dollars in cash whereas i bought things from other stores that costed me up to 500 dollars and nobody treated me like that.
Huge cluster-fuck of a store, but I can't help myself from shopping here. Poor, skinny men rejoice.
Insanely huge.  This place is what a popular discotheque would look like if they were open during the day.  They have some crazy sales, at least for the time being.  The people who work there are really nice and helpful.  Don't be fooled by the long lines of Asian people with piles of merchandise in their arms.  They're just trying to get a good deal like the rest of the free world with access to capitalism.
New location.  Looks to me to be a lot bigger than the original Soho location.  For the Holidays they have daily sale specials displayed on a LCD screen at the front of the store. Plenty of sales associates to help you find your merchandise.  Good place to shop for basics.  I like their light weight mens tees.
Love love love!! Massive place and good quality clothing for reasonable prices. The only downside is that it is too big and you get so tired walking around looking for clothes.
This is my happy place. I work very close to this location and frequently stop by on my way home. Uniqlo is known for their quality basics, and this flagship stocks a lot of product. My first few times in the store I got lost--it is HUGE. The salespeople are always amazing friendly and quick to help you find a size or an item, and they keep the lines at the cash register moving. Since it's on Fifth Avenue the store is a tourist attraction and many times I have been bumped into by a family walking around with their mouths open in amazement. The store usually has discounts on new merchandise/styles and things can sell out quickly, so grab it if you want it since it might not be there the next time you visit.
great clothing store, almost like a new twist on Old Navy or the Gap. Huge collection of everything from graphic t-shirts, jackets, jeans, and underwear. Prices are very reasonable too.
O.M.G. This is a giant, overwhelming store that is so poorly laid out I am offended as an interior designer that someone would call this space "designed." Glass walls and mirrors everywhere, combined with 5th Ave madness, makes this a horrible, house-of-mirrors funhouse. Visit the Soho or 34th St locations if you actually want to find what you're looking for!
Woah.  My sole review is on the crowds here.  They get A LOT tourist at this location.  But I must say, the staff are really helpful and courteous.
Super Spacious, Sleak and Sophisticated.
Damn, this place is huge!  I think it's like 10  times bigger than the SOHO store, well it feels that way.  I don't think I've ever gone to a Uniqlo and not pick anything up.  The quality isn't the best but for the price you can't really complain.   V-neck tees for only 6 bux, oxford shirts for $30, camo cargo shorts for $30, super deals to me  I really like that the clothing have unique modern styles, compared to plain GAP or H&M.
Want to start off saying that this is not my style of clothing BUT I wandered in here because of tourist friends I was with. The store is quite amazing from layout to big cool stairs, elevators,and escalators. Prices seem reasonable for regular priced merchandise and great for sale items. Worth checking out just for coolness factor.
I walk into Uniqlo looking for a haramaki (belly warmer), ask the very sweet woman at the entrance where they are in the store, she tells me where they are with great accuracy.  I go up to the third floor, find the haramakis (was sad that they didn't have more colors - just black, white and black/white/grey patterns, and none in a fabric other than a heavier knit) so got a white one and a black one.  The guy at the checkout was nice, and patient, especially when I saw that I grabbed the wrong size of one of the haramakis!  I am so proud of myself for buying only what I went in for, I wanted so many things in there!  Yay for Uniqlo being the only store in NY (that I know of) which carries haramakis!
Don't get me wrong, I always liked Uniqlo and I like shopping here BUT THE 5TH AVENUE STORE WAS DESIGNED BY SOMEONE WITH THEIR HEAD UP THEIR A**. Pardon my french but I CAN NEVER FIND ANYTHING. Everytime I TURN THE CORNER I END UP IN  A DIFFERENT DEPARTMENT. This is the most horribly built & designed store ever! The one in Chinatown and 34th street is SO MUCH EASIER to navigate. And now to make things worse they mish mashed the mens & womens sections on the 3rd floor so the only way I can even tell where the hell I am is because of "giant photos" of either MEN or WOMEN near the clothes. It's so ridiculous and confusing as much as I love Uniqlo just thinking of this idiotic layout makes me not want to come here.  So if you want to shop at Uniqlo it's all good but if you want to keep your sanity, go to one of the other locations.
I love this store, it is huge and carries everything. I love their air Camis and featured designer clothing, like Orlando kiely, etc.
Wow I just loved my experience at Uniqlo for the most part. My only gripe is the store had to many Small's in the Heatech products and not enough Large. I was disappointed to see how much of the same product is available throughout the store. I must say the Japanese come out on top with a store with excellent quality
i love this store!
Every basic item of clothing you'll ever need, and good quality, too.  This behemoth of a store completely overwhelmed me.  I could barely figure out how to get from floor to floor.  I could have spent hours looking through everything if my boyfriend hadn't had enough after 20 minutes.  The few things I bought have held up really well over a few wears.
Coo!  Loved the heattech clothes!  Prices are so affordable too.  Just wish I could order more online!
With the amount of traffic it gets, one may assume that the experience will be chaotic.  It's not.  This is my favorite Uniqlo location.  They seem to have things that the others don't.  It's what Zara, The Gap and H&M should  aspire to be. The customer service is indeed the best in New York--for it's price range.  The clothes fit well and are made with care.  In spite of the busyness the store never, and I mean NEVER looks unkempt.  TAKE note aforementioned brands!  Uniqlo 5th Avenue is a wonderful addition to the value retail scene in New York.
We visited this store on our last trip to NYC.  My GF shopped while I sat down :).  Would be cool if we had one of these in Los Angeles.  Very nice store.
This store is giant!!!  I think I got lost a few times on two different floors. All of the sales help were friendly even though they were probably over dealing with rabid shoppers like myself.  Got a cute and comfy new traveling outfit for $15(traveling outfit = something to wear when you have to be in a metal tube hurtling thru the air at hundreds of miles an hour.  Common example: velour jogging suits - except what I purchased is completely non douchey)
Saw Michelle Phan coming up the escalator here and wanted to knock her out. The store is huge and super busy given the location.... It's just AIGHT.
I am in love with this place. The clothes are excellent quality for the price and definitely look more expensive than what you would find in H&M, Forever 21 and similarly priced stores. In fact, I felt that for many of their items, the quality was on par with what you would find in Banana Republic and Gap. A quick overview - Uniqlo is not a place where you would find trendy clothing. Instead it is a place to go for basics.  You can find any basic you can think of - sweaters, jeans, skirts, camis, etc. in every color imaginable. So the next time your wardrobe is missing a specific item, uniqlo is where you should head to.   I was really impressed with their jeans. I generally hate how skinny jeans look on me but theirs fit great and looked really nice, as did their bootcut jeans. The price is of course to die for - Yesterday I bought one bootcut jeans, two skinny jeans, tights, two camis, a jacket, and two scarves all for less than $160. I plan to get all my basics here from now on.   I love the service here too. Everyone is really friendly and helpful.  I am taking one star off for the layout - the store is huge and it is confusing. The store map isn't really helpful and I wish they would clearly seperate male and female sections.
Love this place, especially the jeggings! They fit well and are nice and long. I can't wait to go back and get some more!
Decently priced essentials. The workers are so helpful and very smiley and make the store such a nice place! I walked out without buying anything. This is the nicer location, seeing that we had a better experience here versus the one in SoHo.
Uniqlo is a big disappointment in quality and customer service.  I bought several of their cashmere sweaters after the holidays.  The second time I put on one of the sweaters, the seam on the arm opened up.  I took the sweater back along with my receipt to exchange it -- they still had the same sweater in my size and at the same price -- but they wouldn't exchange it because I had removed the tags and worn it. I know you don't go there for the high-end quality, but this was clearly defective merchandise and they wouldn't stand behind their products in any way.  If you can't get at least a season from the clothes, or even a couple of weeks, shopping at Uniqlo is a waste of time and money.
this place is like.. huge!!!!  price very reasonable too! they probably have more security and employees than the customers great selection of clothes and i hope they come to San Francisco!
Love it. The store has the most to offer in terms of selection if you're choosing which Uniqlo to go to in New York. I was lucky to go when they had a big sale going on so i saved around 50% on the stuff I bought. If you don't have a Uniqlo in your hometown, you better stock up while you're here.
This store is very UNIQUE.  All items are of excellent quality and the price is right.  They have stylish clothes that are popular.  The quality is quite superb and rivals that of higher priced items found in other large department stores.  Definitely check it out.  There is no reason not to shop here.
Learned a valuable lesson--if it seems too good to be true, it probably is! When we were in NYC in December, we saw a lot of ads for Uniqlo. We popped in and bought a few things, including a down jacket. Couldn't believe they were selling them for $50-60! I wore it for a month and then hand washed it gently. The down balled up and looked like crap (imagine a down jacket with little down balls inside). I sent it back in the hopes of a return or at least a gift card. They refused to help me at all! All they said they'd do is ship the jacket back to me. Ummm... no thanks. Worst customer service EVER! I will gladly stick with my beloved Ann Taylor Loft, Macy's, and other clothing makers that actually make quality clothing! The North Face guarantees their clothing for a lifetime. A 30 day return policy/guarantee on clothing that hasn't been worn isn't much of a guarantee! Do not shop here unless you want poor quality and poor customer service!
Amazing! I stumbled into here accidentally and walked out with tons of amazing merchandise. Great deals on scarves and belts. Endless selection without feeling overwhelming. Great for basics and staples.
This UNIQLO is huge.  The quality and sizing is way better than GAP and prices are close to OLD NAVY.
I really enjoy shopping in this store. I'm a fan of almost all of their products. Will always come back here.
I wear some uniqlo daily, 365 days/yr so I love this store.  I try to go annually to get my fix and update my styles and sizes.  Over the years I've found their super stretchy jeans are a bit TOO stretchy in the waist and I have to wear a belt with them or they fall down. But the Heat Tech products are Fabulous!  Perfect fitting, and don't get wet and soggy when I sweat.  I also have their lightwt down jacket and vest, both good layers for indoors and out.  Sales people are REALLY FRIENDL amidst hoards of shoppers disorganizing their colorful shelves.
Much better than the Broadway location. The store is spacious and has a good stock and selection.
my type of store! perfect for anyone with any body types. their heat tech line is awesome and their down ultra light parka is amazingly smooth. reminded of of a h&m but BETTER! please open up a san francisco store! pretty please? there was a perfect location in the city but they had to open another forever 21. do you really need 2 stores that are only a block away?!?!?! SELFISH!
Great basics clothing!  You'd be hard-pressed to find better value in clothing in NYC or nearly anywhere than you would here.
very impressive, the japanese training mechanism does work very well. very organized chaos, so many fitting rooms and cash registers, helpful staff and just chatty enough cashiers as they hand you back your credit card with both hands and a little bow to their head- what's more to like - 49.99 cashmere sweaters and 9.99 jeans will def seal the deal for this love affair.
they have the best flannel shirts.
great basic knits for a great price!
Love their heat tech shirts (I dislike bulky clothing).  The store is huge and the checkout line moves pretty fast.
FYI as of Monday 10/17 this store is selling men's jeans (dark denim, straight leg) for $9.90.
This is a wonderful store with lots of stuff for men women and children and everything is reasonably priced or actually cheap. This is also a great place to go for Christmas presents. The store is somewhat confusing as the escalator goes up two flights and you need to take the stairs to get to some of the goodies. We have noticed that all cotton goods like shorts and polos have been replaced with a blend of 80 cotton 20 polyester as cotton prices have skyrocketed.
Their products are cheap because their materials are cheap and they fall apart. They  don't stand behind their products.
VERY friendly/helpful employees, and very inexpensive deals on opening day.  The first and third floors of the store were very crowded, but not the second (as the main escalator skips it).
I was told that due to the company's loss prevention policy, only one of my two children was allowed into the dressing room with me.  It was the most absurd thing I have ever heard.  No way will I give business to a company that puts the safety of children last.  I pick Gap over this place any day.
Can we please have an LA store!
The 5th Ave Uniqlo store offers a great shopping experience. I like the store, the merchandise, and the prices.
The guys working in the fitting room on the 3rd floor are so irresponsible. I left my two tights at their table and went trying on a dress and when I came out they gave me another person's tights. I mean, come on! Why the hack did they give me a number tag for? Is that number completely useless to them? I could have just taken the wrong tights and gone straight home, and then I'd have to go there again to change them. And when I was there I had to ask them several times to return my shopping bag because they were talking so loud to each other that they couldn't even hear me. It just seemed like those people were more into their own chit-chatting than helping their customers. I've been shopping for almost twenty years and today's the first time I had this kind of experience. There are so many busier clothing stores in New York and no matter how packed the fitting room gets, I always get MY stuff back instead of that of another girl's. Very unpleasant experience. The products are nice, but their staff could really use more training and discipline.
Every time I shop here, I leave with the same 2 questions: 1:- how do they manage to make money?  2:- how have other apparel makers been allowed to rip me off for so long?  Seriously, just got 4 polos for $12.90 each and 4 briefs for $4.95 each.  Crazy!  Brooks Brothers' polos go for $69.50 and Calvin briefs are $7.95.  Uniqlo's quality and cut are better, e.g., buttons are 'X' sewn, the cotton is softer, the collar tags are non-itchy, and the styling has that ever-so-slight edge to it.  The stuff is built to last.  I only wish they had more kids' stuff; they have a big line of this in Tokyo, which is similarly CHEAP and GREAT.  Uniqlo has unadvertised sales that are eye-popping; you can go to the website to get the dates and items.  Anyway, along with Trader Joe's and Ikea, this is a place to revel in high-quality "Depression Retailing" and have fun fun fun while you're doing it.  Yay!
I have a serious love affair with uniqlo. I have to admit it's still relatively young (under three years old) but within that short time frame it has blossomed into a faithful long-term committed relationship thanks to the company's functional/minimalistic clothing and the wonderful customer service. I wouldn't want it any other way. SF uniqlo and I started from the bottom. now we here. I'm highly inclined basically to rate any uniqlo highly, but I have to say that my first visit to the NY flagship impressed me even above and beyond what I've come to expect from uniqlo--in particular, I want to shout out the SPRZ section of the store (collaborative clothing with the MoMA right across the street) and the darling sales associate who helped me look through over five piles of shirts and checked the back twice before finding the last tank left in my size. If that's not dedication to customer service, I don't know what is. To the dismay of my wallet and general other relationships, I will undoubtedly be back. NY Uniqlo, our adventure into love starts now.
Living in Europe means that clothing is typically cheaper for us to buy in North America than at home. Hence, when my companion and I were visiting New York, we opted to get some clothes and re-supply, so to speak. So we ended up here. Man, I love this store. I have been to Uniqlo before, in one of their other stores in the city, but that was 5 years ago. There is also a Uniqlo in Berlin (where I live) but somehow I just haven't had the time to check it out. So when I checked this store, I was amazed. The customer service is great, the clothing selection is very nice, and everything looks good. The only thing I didn't like was the setup in the Checkout area. They should fix the way they make the customers line up. The way it is, the customers create a bottleneck at the very right end of the line, and customers don't really see which counter is open to go to. Other than that, I was happy with my purchases.
HURRY UP AND MOVE TO CENTRAL CONNECTICUT! Uniqlo, particularly the 5th Ave store  is a store I always stop by and spend a good few hours in each time I am in NYC. Forget Zara, forget top shop, and yes i'll say it forget Saks! Uniqlo has it all. An unparalleled selection of clothes with brilliant quality. So, enough about their quality and superb pricing. If I went on any further I would be reviewing the company and not this particular store. The 5th Ave NY flag ship store is the best in the north east. It is massive and has just about everything you can find on uniqlo.com. With several floors and colossal escalators, the store is like a mall of its own. The 5th ave store free tailoring option is the best. It is very fast and the seamstress has not failed me yet. Almost every pair of pants I invest in from Uniqlo has been hemmed here. Great guest service and each employee really does know where everything is.
Ive been here before but this time around I actually got to shop there. The store was clean and neat. Very organized vs other shops like H&M. Great place to go for basics. I went to all 3 in the city and the one on the 5th is the best. Ps. The down jackets are dope
Huge store. The flagship store of uniqlo in nyc. Great to shop during sale season for great deals. Nice display and layout
This is the biggest Uniqlo store that I've been to and I've been to most of the Uniqlo stores in this area. The selection is quite large and there are several floors here, separated by gender. Its a bit confusing as some of the floors have both men's and women's clothing. It gets hard to navigate here at times. I like the style of the clothing here. It has a modern and trendy take on basic clothing and the quality is good. The prices here aren't bad and their definitely cheaper than their competitors, like the Gap and Banana Republic. I'd say the quality is in between the two. If you can catch a sale, you can get a really good deal on basic style clothing.
Good quality for the price (not on all articles tough). The store is very nice, broad alleys and clear displays, and not without style. The staff is not super ultra friendly but they're helpful, polite and smiling, so it's fine. My only complaint would be that there is maybe too many mirrors, so you kinda get lost the first time, but you get used to it fast enough. So overall a nice shopping experience, would definitely recommend it. Big plus : they sell Scumbag Steve's hat !
Full selection of clothing line here as it should be on 5th Ave but makes the other stores they've opened outside of NYC look depressing since they are a 16th of the size. They should probably keep this location open a little later given its location. no fun rushing through before they close to try to grab some items you can't get at other Uniqlo's.
This is a HUGE store on 5th Avenue in NY. Although most of their clothes aren't really for me I love the place. They cater towards the "GAP" crowd and young, thin, people with no fat on their bodies. I loved the Uniglo in Tokyo. We shopped there all the time because it was the only place we could find things our sizes (somewhat ironic).   This store is amazing and worth visiting just to see the layout. It is massive with two large banks of cash registers (check out lines for the younger crowd).  The best thing about this store is their restrooms - nice to have that option if you're walking around 5th avenue and you have to go!
Massive store that's pretty cool to look around.  This is Uniqlo's latest global flagship store to open in NY.  It's a good Fifth Ave shop to take out-of-towners to.  With all the mirrors and twists and turns, it's easy to get lost just looking for the escalator.  You'll like this spot if you're into basics, winter base layers or graphic t-shirts.
The online site ships so fast I hardly ever need to go to the flagship store, but it's really worth the trip out. It's a gigantic store, but it's not disorganized. Uniqlo doesn't make you feel like you're going to walk in circles trying to find that ONE thing like how most big department stores tend to. It's a very nice shopping experience. They've also got free tailoring for their pants, which is super convenient and the reason I would go here.
If you've never been to Uniqlo, its a Japanese clothing store that has come to the US. The store here on 5th Ave. is their flagship store (the address is 666 5th Ave. and no, the store isn't possessed! Lol). Its a really cool store! Their prices are reasonable for the type of clothing they sell (mostly casual clothing). Definitely worth checking out while in NYC.
Been going to the Soho location for a few years now, and only recently decided to give the 5th Ave location a try. Its quite large, but in a good way since they have more to offer than the Soho location. They have a good selection of menswear, much better fitting than douche bag Express or questionable H&M. They don't penalize you for having the body of a normal muscular man. Their slim fit straight leg jeans are the best on Earth!! Levi's just doesn't do it for me anymore. The best part about Uniqlo is that they make simple affordable clothing without any visible branding on the clothes themselves.  Only real issue is the crowds on weekends so to get around that I try to shop early on weekdays.
This is Uniglo's flagship store and it is a marvel of retailing excellence and design store concept. I'm amazed by how they retail their items for sale and showcase their brand.  Watch out Gap and Old Navy! This Japanese chain is looking to take over America! Their flagship store could be an excellent field trip for anyone studying retailing or Marketing! One thing I find quite amusing however is they have brought over Japanese sizing to North America! This could be  very well be their well thought strategy ( to old be able to appeal to young students and the very slim) or May be their downfall in America! I don't purport to be a fat man but I am in their upper limits of sizing! I'm 6 feet tall and around 190 pounds. Good luck selling clothes in America where 50% of the population is my size or morbidly larger than I am! What they excel in is Ikea style pricing and amazing selection of the basics to compliment your wardrobe!
It's a nice store. Don't know what else to say. No different from owth UNIQLO's around the world.
Unilqo is a great spot for clothes that are affordable. Now when they first launch their flagship stores, their clothes sizes geared to slim folks. Look, I work out in the gym daily and I have large frame; I will not change my workout routine to wear one of their shirts. I guess they love seeing hulk scenes, because when I wear one of their shirts, my arms feels like it going to tear the shirt apart. A year later they decide to gear to everyone, kudos for you. That is why Uniqlo is one of my favorite spots to purchase gear. Let talk about customer service.  Hmmm, the staff are all excellent and friendly. They will go all out and help you. "I want a shirt that is loose," I would ask. They will quickly walk me to location where you can find what I need.  Yes walk, they ain't lazy. I like that.
Wow what a great thing that this Asian phenomenon has made it to America. I'm just glad that the sizing works for smaller frames and the prices are excellent. Some folks call to the Asian GAP which is pretty accurate I think. The basics are really great. Love the t shirts and other underwear. The jeans and things are super durable and they look great even after a lot of washings. Awesome stuff and the mail order works well too.
I only buy their summer and winter inner wear and winter tights. In other words, I only have their inner wears. I hear that Uniqlo is not making profit in NY, but I'm sure by the fast of having store in NY let them keep up value and be popular in Japan. I'm glad that Uniqlo is keep expanding in NY. The quality for the price is really good, for the winter inner, they are warm but still thin so they do not distract the look of my out fit. They have nice earth colors for their items so that is also my favorite point. Most importantly, they have my size. (which is xs or xxs the smallest one). I try to get their items only in Japan for pricing and variety, but it is good to have them in New York. I know I can always come if I really need something from them right away. Uniqlo is famous for friday Moma museum free admission. I think that is pretty cool performance as a company:)
I expected to hate this place and use this space to thrust useless hot and resentful air towards folks who wear it, but I was impressed by the selection and the prices in this huge, tastefully laid out spot.
The Global Flagship store. Massive, most of the bulk of the store is the third floor. Split roughly half-half (slightly more space for women), and a space-age/Apple-store kind of feel with lots of glass, light, and metal floors in some areas. They have a tremendous selection, but it always seems they're out of the sizes that are the most popular, especially the XS for my wife. The signage isn't entirely clear (those packs for things like Heattech shirts and tights look very similar) and fortunately is split by gender. Plenty of fitting rooms, and long, large sales counters. Staff is helpful. By the way - with all that staff and the long counters, could they adjust the length of the walk to get to the counters? The airlines have it right when they remove a section of zip rope to let people form a bit earlier into the line rather than wasting time going around it. Overall, an interesting store to go to, prices aren't bad ($30 for a cashmere scarf, $80 for a 80% down ladies jacket), and their material isn't bad at all; it fits and is generally comfortable. And they'll tailor any jeans you buy to the right length (how I first discovered them in SoHo).
I like this location better than the SoHo location. For me I feel it's organized better, restocked quicker and is all around just easier to navigate. I usually come in when I need Denim Leggings or just the regular legging pants. They fit great but because My thighs rub together I need new pairs every few months. Sometimes I get some of the collection items. I've got a whole bunch of the Basquiat collection tees. The staff is usually pretty good when you do need them. They stock so quickly I find a lot of times I don't even need help and could be in and out having gotten everything I needed at affordable prices. The space itself and the decor are a bit much but thats the brand thats how they styled the store as long as they've got what I need and keep it affordable then I'm totally ok with it.
I love the chain. I m not sure this location. It is one of three in New York City. It is their flagship store. I like the 34th street store best. The other is in SoHo. I spend money here. Lots of money. I am always cold. My life has been warm since I found their underwear products "Heat Tech. Light and very warm. They just introduced extra warm that blew out the doors and no longer available. Each piece of Heat Tech is priced at $19.90. Very pricey, but well worth it. This is a young persons store. I am 60. Yet, their dress pants are classic styled, inexpensive and they keep their creases.
Gap style of clothing meets H&M prices. Huge store. Board fold CITY. Sheesh. Anyone who has ever worked retail goes in there and shudders at how perfect the folds are, and how they are EVERYWHERE. I would spend my entire work day there just walking around refolding. Tons of open registers. The fitting room seemed frazzled. Tons of employees walking around to answer questions. The jeans that were on sale when I went were $10. None of them fit me quite right. Huge sunglasses selection.
Uniqlo is tops in value and sizing fits me perfectly. Their cotton v-neck Ts and shorts are perfect summer combos in colors that you would actually want to wear. You will notice the supple softness of the fabric immediately. Jeans look and feel nice but tend to be long. Pretty durable as well. GAP/Banana Republic was great in the late 90's but has been irrelevant for some time. H&M is Hit or Miss, their easy-iron shirt fabric starts to tear apart after a few washes.
UNIQLO  (NYC)             What can I say that hasn't already been said about Uniqlo? The clothing (both mens' & womens') has a distinct flavor of its own. If I had to describe that flavor...I would say menswear/womenswear with an ATTITUDE (sound about right???). So, if you're already rockin'  these designer tees or jackets...wear it with STYLE! Definitely worth checking out  the mid-town Manhattan outlet. -tigre
This place is great! My friends and I walked by the store a few times during a trip and didn't think anything of it, until another friend recommended that we stop in. It's a large, brightly lit store that holds almost everything you need.  Great basics, jackets, and accessories at inexpensive prices.   The clothes are trendy, cute, and I forgot to mention the Heat Tech technology! Service was great and though the store was PACKED, none of the employees seemed frazzled and made for a wonderful shopping experience.   Too bad they don't have a location in Seattle, yet.  Looks like I'll have to do some shopping online.
This location is Uniqlo's Flagship store and once you walk in, you can tell right away that this store has a lot to offer. The fact that this store is GIGANTIC and NICELY STOCKED is a plus in my book. The employees are helpful, friendly, and usually spotted on the floor, which makes it easier to get help when needed (rather than having to bend over backwards like you would need to do in large dept stores). The quality of their products are high and their prices are reasonable. What's there not to like?
"I hate myself for (kinda) loving (make that, kinda liking) you, can't break free from the things that you do, I wanna walk, but I come back to you."  Does anyone else get all Joan Jett for clothes that weren't meant to fit a female's body? I do.  I love basics.  QUALITY BASICS.  However, it seems that in order to buy basics of quality nowadays, you have to take a mortgage out on your third home.  The one in Aspen.  I don't have a winter home in Aspen; I can't afford Hanro t-shirts.  What happened to all of my basics out there?  No logo, not much detailing, and something that won't make this lady with a waist look like a boy.   Some of Uniqlo's clothes work, some don't.  The fit, that is.  Well, and the quality.  If you have an hourglass shape, you'll most likely have some problems.  Clothes will appear boxy.  Boxy like a pudgy ten year old boy!  If you like to find non-Nieman-Marcus-priced basics and wear them often, you'll have to buy multiples of each item here.  The clothes don't stand up to wear, they'll shrink and/or stretch out. Still, on one of my visits I got a cute, almost weightless purple puffy down-filled vest that will keep me warm, yet fits into a tiny little bag that came with it.  Oh, and a couple of great heavy-duty canvas tote bags with Scandinavian prints.  No T-shirts, they were boxy.
Last time I was at Uniqlo, I shelled out $100+ for T-shirts, tank tops, a pair of comfy leggings, and a hoodie. All worth it. They were having a sale, so I actually got a lot of clothes - about 5 each of the T-shirts and tank tops along with the other items. I'm hooked on Uniqlo clothes, because they are affordable, comfortable, and of high quality. It's casual wear, so you buy clothes that you'll wear pretty much everyday. I think their philosophy/vision is so effective - their clothes are "simple and essential yet universal" and they make clothes for men, women, and kids. You can take a simple Uniqlo T-shirt and fancy it up however you want, making it your own personal style. I love that they offer pretty much every color imaginable for their clothes so pairing their clothes with your style makes it that much easier. I love the material of their clothes. It's very comfortable and well constructed. And because they are an Asian brand, it fits me better. Uniqlo is also known for their Heattech line - lightweight, high-tech fabric that keeps you warm. I've heard good things about the Heattech long underwear. They also have down jackets and cashmere sweaters. Affordable, comfortable essential basics available in a rainbow of colors. Uniqlo is brilliant.
Way cool store! Just kind of hard to find what you are looking for, and hard to find any staff...
Because I live in Boston (where Uniqlo has not yet opened a store), I have to go to NYC  to shop at Uniqlo.  I know it now does mail-order, but fit is a wonky thing (even if I am a 40 Regular/Medium).  Anyway, I look forward to my quarterly trips to NYC and shopping at Uniqlo. The store sells thoughtful, well-constructed, good-looking basics, and the service is friendly, and knowledgeable.  It also doesn't take long to get to the cash register, and they do free alterations. Much of Uniqlo's clothing fits slim.  So, if you're portly, eat healthily and exercise, otherwise, you won't find much to fit you. The shopping experience as a whole at Uniqlo is great, and I look forward to when it opens in Boston.
WHAT?!?!? Why did I stop in here?! I should have just handed over my credit cards at the door....thank you, just have all the money I've got.  This place is perfect for me.  I'm all about being warm with comfy stylish clothing.  I bought a very nice, soft and surprisingly warm jacket for $70!  Best buy I've made in a long while.  I'm thankful I live in LA as I would be at this store every week! And this place is HUGE!!!!
I love the quality of the clothes! Items of the week are the best deals to get since they are presented to the public and then sold for the original price after a week or so. Which means you have to visit every week! I'm down sre you?
I always go here for certain basics like Jeans, fleeces and sweaters. I do absolutely love those basics and those are the things which this Japanese Gap excels at. Last year I bought a wonderful winter coat here that I absolutely love. Their jeans are made with Japanese denim and are very sturdy too. The CEO is the wealthiest man in Japan so he must be doing something right.  My advice is try to hit the store during the week or right when it opens on the weekends because it can get very crazy crowded. Also, the fit is sometimes a more fitted and Japanese size so try everything on and bear in mind that they do a complementary regular hem on jeans over $20. I have a few small issues which they could improve upon.  My first gripe is about their phone customer service. I was looking for a particular item that was advertised on their Japanese website and wanted to know when it would be in stock here. I couldn't get a straight answer  so I was a little disappointed especially since Japanese companies are known for really great customer service. My second issue is about the lack of regular fit pants for men. I feel like 75% of the pants here are skinny fit, which does not look good on me because of the way my legs are proportioned. So if they could have more fits of jeans and pants I would be super happy.
Oh Uniqlo, when will you ever open shop in Houston? For now I have to travel all the way to NYC just to get some of your brand clothing. I mean,  I could go to Asia and buy it there but I think my American sized body won't really fit into Asia tailored size clothing. Anyways, this store is big, like multi-stories big. On the ground floor is the seasonal items with men and women clothing in their respective sides. For the men's clothing, it is on the top floor. One of the thing I like about this place is that the elevators on the side goes really quick as I get lazy from taking the stairs, especially when your shoes were kind of wet from the snow from the outside. Now the clothes' price is good for the quality and the design. I actually bought about $140 worth of clothes that consist of 2 dress shirts (the non-iron ones), 4 t-shirts (non-heat tech), 3 pairs of heat tech socks, and a beanie. One of the good thing is that there's no tax for this transaction. Over all I had a good time shopping for some clothes here to update my wardrobe. I will stop by this place again whenever I'm in NYC once more.
I usually don't like Uniqlo all that much. It always felt like a Japanese Old Navy to me. But I liked this one. The "Flagship Store." The location is huge. Twice as big as any uniqlo I've been to. Now, I've noticed it's a uniqlo thing to have a lot of repeating items so I don't think the size is all that necessary. But what's cool about this place is that they've got things that other stores don't have, or have it before the others do since it's the flagship store. The layout and decor is really cool, and they've got a display of new items once you walk up the stairs. I made my first uniqlo purchase here (black legging jeans) and they are awesome! And they hem for free if it's over a certain amount ($25 I believe).   BTW, what I love about the huge store size is that they don't seem to run out of sizes. I'm a small girl and it's usually hard finding XS items, but not at this place!
I really like this store! I wish there was one in Vegas so I don't have to keep ordering online. Anyway, since I was in NYC, I made sure to leave enough time on my trip to stop by here to do some shopping. The clothes here are simple and inexpensive, and that is what like, especially for work clothes. My work attire - winter, I dress in sweatpants and jeans, and summer, I dress in shorts, so the clothes here are perfect for me. The store is huge, and colorful. I love their children's department, I don't have any kids of my own but I did find some really cute t-shirts for my nieces and nephew. I noticed that the sizes do run a tad small. I usually go one size up in case of shrinkage.
First time I've been to the Fifth Ave location and it's huge. There's a Starbucks inside. I like Uniqlo products b/c they offer well made ,basic wearables at good prices. It's similar to American Apparel and Gap. They have artist/designer collaborations. Some of the items are cutting edge or maybe it just marketed well- like AIRism and UV cut.
HUGE store with 3 levels. Everything you want from Uniqlo can be found here. The lines move fast and the store is always clean and neat.
Let me say this is the place if you are looking for stylish basics that last more than a season. The size of this store is mind-boggling in a way that you can feel almost overwhelmed the second you walk in the door. When you walk in - take the escalator to the top floor and start your engines, I would definitely keep an eye out for their sales since they offer decent discounts. When I went they had fully line pin-stripe blazers for 50% off the the regular price and that makes me quite happy - but I have been able to find some decent sleepwear for $10. One thing about this store is that the men have a very good selection too - so this is one of the very few stores that the BF doesn't mind going to - because he has lots of options to try and show off. Also they do same day alterations - and they are either free over a certain amount or $5 per pant - which is pretty damn reasonable and convenient in my books.
It's like H&M except instead of an unorganized mess, its ridiculously well organized. A friend of mine who was into fashion mentioned them to me and I was happy to find a lot of pretty decent looking clothes for really reasonable prices. The cottons are not super high quality and the clothes is generally not as tailored as higher end stores but you really can't argue a whole lot about that considering the price. Sorta like trying to compare Mickey D's to filet mignon, both have their places. Overall if I lived in NYC I'd definitely come and shop here more often. They have a pretty good selection and even do some unexpected things like offer shortening of their chinos and jeans for $5 or free. Some of their clothes when marked down was amazing as well, a cotton blazer for $30?!?
Are you one of those people who buy Uniqlo just because it's trendy? If so, just fuck off and stop reading here.  None of what I say will matter to you because you'll be long gone once this place loses its hip factor anyway. For others, here's what I think. The store itself is quite nice.  It's got plenty of retail space, inventories are generally pretty good despite the huge traffic that this place gets.  At least the company knows enough to keep its flagship 5th ave store well-stocked.  I'm not going to get into specific items simply because I have no fucking idea what you like or want to buy.  Personally I just like checking out their unique t-shirts.  But it is nice to see that Uniqlo keeps its prices reasonable relative to the type of clothing they sell. In terms of the shopping experience I think this is one of the better stores on 5th ave due to the wide spaces, plentiful cash registers and the fact you can take a piss here if need be.  It comes in handy if you're a tourist looking for a new shirt and a bathroom break.
My all-time favorite everyday clothing store. They are slim fitted which, depending on sides, can be a good thing or not so good - for the higher end of sizing, you're really very limited. I think it's been said, it's become a Japanese Gap store equivalent and I'd very much agree. Their pricing scale is lower than what the Gap has become as of late, but the quality much nicer. Guess what I got myself for Mama's Day? *Nodding* Uh huh, a bag full of super soft t-shirts. SCORE.
Uniqlo is the Asian H&M (I really wonder if I'm the only one who thinks that. I also don't know which company existed first). They sell cheap basics that look good. The quality might not be the best, but their products work well. One thing I wish I knew before buying a bunch of T-shirts in the past is that the small sizes fit more like extra small so if you normally wear a small, you might want to go with a medium. I guess the solution is try it on if you can. On this visit during a chilly NYC winter night, I ended up buying a neck warmer. I didn't even know that this interestingly manufactured piece of cloth existed. The layout of the store is inviting and sterile-looking. This is definitely a place to stop by around Times Square, especially if you've never been to a Uniqlo.
Omg I think I just found my new favorite store to buy high quality basics. The fabric they use is sooooo soft regardless if it is cotton or rayon, the material feels like a cloud. The prices are also very affordable, especially given that it is in New York City. I am definitely coming back here to buy more clothes once I get my paycheck in a few weeks :)
This Uniqlo is massive! Huge! Enormous! It's insane. You'll definitely find whatever you're looking for here. They have everything from socks, underwear, pants, jegging, shirts, under shirts, buttonup shirts, jackets, etc. I could keep going on and on. They have something for everyone. I really like the styles. The prices are really good too for what you're getting. I think it's way better quality than H&M and Forever 21. The staff is pretty friendly and will help you to look for whatever sizes you might need. The fitting rooms are well staffed and there's plenty of fitting rooms to use. No need to worry about a long wait unless it's really really really packed. The same goes for the number of cashiers that they have.   They even do alterations in-house. It's free depending on how much you paid for the pants and they're pretty quick altering it too. If you do pay, I don't recall it being expensive at all. They were able to have it ready the same day, but I opted to pick it up the next day. I'll see you again Uniqlo... hopefully at a store here in LA!
NYC Flagship Store. Finding your size, color, fit, and style is so much easier at this store compared to the other ones in NYC.  They have a larger stock than the other stores. Staff keeps the shelves and racks organized, clean, and tidy. Lines can be long at times, but they do often open up more registers when it grows too long.
What's not to love about Uniqlo? It used to be too much of a hassle for me to go to the one on Broadway, but then the new store opened on 5th Avenue and I wander over there all the time during my lunch break, if for nothing else but something to do, something to stimulate me other than a cup of coffee, and this store is like a caffeine buzz, what with all the neon and interesting displays and the long, sleek escalators and stairs that light up in different colors, disco balls and flat screens and great stuff everywhere you look! Things I can no longer live without since purchasing at Uniqlo: Tanktops in a million pretty colors Drawstring pajama shorts (omg! Why are these so comfortable?!) Boyshort underpants (named thusly because the boys love 'em) Airism everything (Airism you are my hero!) Leggings, leggings, leggings (All of these things can be bought together for less than $100!!) I can't see stocking my entire wardrobe with them, but they definitely provide some crucial components at a price and quality that seriously cannot be beat!
I love this place! Huge and a ton of choices for people looking for basic pieces. Since this is the flagship store, you'll be able to find all the items you're looking for, and even on a busy evening there is no waiting for a changing room and probably not much of one at the cash. The last time I was there I got a hoodie that is UV protective for spring and summer, I'm not sure I needed it to be, but I liked the color and print, so I got it. All their items are totally resonantly priced so no reason not to give it a shot.
I love Uniqlo, and every trip down to the NYC area will always consist of at least one stop in a Uniqlo store. Normally I visit the one in SoHo, but since I was nearby along 5th Avenue I decided to visit the flagship store during my latest stay in NYC. The "flagship"-ness certainly didn't disappoint; the store is huge! Three floors of awesome Japanese quality clothing and stuff you don't get north of the border. Everything seemed good, until I found a jacket that didn't have my size. I waved down an employee and he checked the back stock...still didn't have my size! I was somewhat surprised cause usually flagship stores should be kept relatively well-stocked, but nope. Thankfully my parents were flooded with purchases here, so it wasn't all a bust. I eventually found the size I wanted when visiting the Uniqlo at Garden State Plaza the next day.
Im not against uniqlo. I've bought some stuff from uniqlo throughout the years but THIS location is sooooo annoying. It's a bloody maze, it's huge! I got a headache trying to find anything here so I just gave up. That's MY experience. I think i prefer the one in broadway lafayette but I'm not sure if they are still open. It's just one big space and you can see everything from the moment you enter! But this 5th avenue location you need to leave bread crumbs to find your way out! GO! for a headache.
I like this location better than the SoHo location. For me I feel it's organized better, restocked quicker and is all around just easier to navigate. I usually come in when I need Denim Leggings or just the regular legging pants. They fit great but because My thighs rub together I need new pairs every few months. Sometimes I get some of the collection items. I've got a whole bunch of the Basquiat collection tees. The staff is usually pretty good when you do need them. They stock so quickly I find a lot of times I don't even need help and could be in and out having gotten everything I needed at affordable prices. The space itself and the decor are a bit much but thats the brand thats how they styled the store as long as they've got what I need and keep it affordable then I'm totally ok with it.
I try to pop by here when I'm in the city. Love the jeans. Free tailoring, most of the time, same day. The airism and heat tech things are fab too. The bathrooms are clean, the staff is friendly and clothes are organized. What more can you ask for?
Uniqlo rocks.  I like classic pieces that don't have logos,crazy graphics, too trendy colors, etc., so this place is perfect for me for basics. The one word that comes to mind is VALUE. $40 for a 100% merino wool sweater is a no brainer, and it looks and fits great.   I also love the semi-Japanese sizing that actually fits me as opposed to the flag-like creations found elsewhere at this price point.  Your mileage may vary.   I still have merino turtlenecks that I bought from Uniqlo's first US foray back in 2006 and they still look good to this day. The 5th Avenue store, as others have said, is GIGANTIC.  However, there is always someone nearby to help you and I have never dealt with a rude associate. They must have good training/management because it genuinely seems like people want to be there. And for some reason, no matter how crowded this store gets, the line is always moving quickly.
I have shopped numerous times at Uniqlo. This is my favorite store. Great customer service. Once you walk into the store, someone greets you prior to heading towards the escalators. On Sundays- There are staff members dressed in kimonos and located by escalators informing you of the specials. The store can be somewhat confusing on the first floor- one side for women and right across- for men. There are so many staff members that I usually approach and ask for assistance. There are tons of people shopping on the weekends and can be overwhelming, but staff is available to locate sizes and take you directly to what you are looking for. One thing that I have noticed with some of the sale items there are limited sizes. The store is very interactive, clean and so is the restrooms.
I think everyones confusing to review the store, not the brand... we all know and love Uniqlo! I love the place but I got lost about 4 times. The structural organization is so confusing. I went in to try stuff on THREE (3) TIMES because I kept missing a section that I didn't know existed! Besides that, the store is SUPER CLEAN. The staff..not sure how helpful they are (didn't really need help) but I know they offer free alterations to pants, so I guess they're good?
This is definitely the largest Uniqlo location by far.  They have clothes for skinny people like me, which makes me happy, but I was unable to find the black dress pants I was seeking.  The best business suit I owned came from Uniqlo so I thought maybe I'd have some luck here but that didn't happen. Sales staff is also helpful here and you will find the store is clean and well organized along with an escape from the crazy tourist action of this area.
This place is HUUUUGEEE! There's just so many rooms and floor you can go into and get lost in. It can get pretty overwhelming because there's just so many you nooks you can go into. The west coast is once again deprived of a great store. They have great basic pieces with affordable price points. It's like another H&M but better in quality. I really like the openness of this location that it doesn't feel cramp inside. The store is well lit and they have plenty of cash registers and fitting rooms in the store. Their denim wall is pretty cool. It's a party in there although the lights can get pretty crazy sometimes.
I am obsessed with Uniqlo. I have to hit up Uniqlo every time I'm in Asia or in NYC. I've shopped in a good number of Uniqlo stores throughout Asia and all over NYC, but this store is by far my favorite! Being a flagship store, this location is HUGE. Three floors of Uniqlo goodies. It's almost too much to handle. The staff is really nice and really helpful. They do a really good job of keeping the store neat and organized as well. I love the clothes. They are reasonably priced and decent quality. The ultra light down jackets are AMAZING. They really are weightless,but they still keep you warm. Plus they fold up into a little bag, so they're great for travelling. Uniqlo is great for basics. The tshirts are super soft and really cheap. I love their cardigans. The 'jeggings' are amazing. I almost never wear real jeans anymore! When they mark down their prices, they REALLY slash them. On my most recent trip I picked up a really great peacoat for $30, and it was originally priced at $200! PLEASE OPEN ONE IN LA!! although I'm sure I'll continue shopping at the NYC locations as long as the "so sales tax on clothes under $110" rule applies in New York!
Super cool space in a great location.  Lots of colorful and budget friendly options.  Huge, huge store.  Huge...huge...huge lines to check out!  We love everything we purchased and will return on our next trip!
Uniqlo's flagship location has a very cool, refreshing feel. Everything is color coordinated and nicely displayed. There is also a free photo booth!! If you are not familiar with Uniqlo, I would describe it to be like H&M in quality and price, but more like a light-weight/summer-time Gap in style. You can also buy online if you don't live in NYC!
This unique (?) flagship store does not allow you to accompany your partner at the fitting rooms; they claim it is a fire hazard! But there are five associates standing there. We walked straight out. This is the craziest policy I've ever heard of. This is just insane.
Clean, ubiquitous and easy - that's what I got out of shopping here. I always get my basics here. A little crowded at times.
Ah finally, I have visited the mothership. Just three years ago, there was only one Uniqlo and that was located in SoHo. Now there are what? Five or more? There are plenty of check out stations so don't be startled when you see a line. It'll move quickly. I purchased two Airism v-neck shirts, one Airism boxer briefs and two of their premium cotton briefs since I've had good experience with their elastic bands not crapping out before a year's span. I also purchased their nifty Light Zip Up Parka that's light weight, water repellent and rolls up to be stored in a drawstring case (small enough to fit in your pocket!) Overall no complaints. Store is clean, organized and busy. The staff is welcoming and friendly.
Japanese version of Old Navy but expensive. I only come here to buy the basics, socks, underwears and tee's. I don't do the graphic tee's, the oxford shirts nor the cargo pants. I'm all for basic. Quality is good and it does last long. Well, depends on how you take care of their products. This store feels like a giant closet. It's because of the music, the lights and the hardwood floor. Would come back here if I ran out of clean underwear to wear. :)
Uniqlo is like the Japanese version of American Apparel to me.  Although I feel like their menswear has so much more selection than their womenswear, you can find basics here for both genders in every color of the rainbow and in between.  As for winter basics, HeatTech should definitely be a part of your wardrobe -- it's Uniqlo's version of UnderArmor, but it's more fashionable and comes in a variety of styles and colors. I prefer shopping at this location more than the SoHo location because there's just so much more to choose from here.  Plus, the rainbow-changing color stairs add a nice touch when you're walking up them! (There's also an escalator available for those who prefer not to walk up 3 flights of stairs)  The store itself is organized, there's sales associates at almost every corner, and there's cash registers on each floor for your convenience. I'm glad that they offer online shopping now since this is one of my favorite stores to buy basic clothing, but I love stopping by whenever I'm in the city because it's a fun shopping experience!
When I heard a Uniqlo superstore had opened, I dragged my friends there.  So many floors of shopping can be a little disorienting, but luckily I was on a mission.   My main mission was bike-friendly commuter attire.  I wanted waterproof over-pants, and possibly leggings & opaque tights to accompany skirts or dresses.  Even with that narrow mission, I also ended up with a lovely scarf and sweater dress.  As well as two different kinds of waterproof pants (one purple and mostly waterproof, one gold and fully waterproof) and quite a few tights, leggings, and, yes, jeggings. It's a bit fun to see for the spectacle of it, though be aware you might end up seeing irresistible (but fairly affordable) clothes.
I normally shop at the original location in Soho when I visit NY, and only came to shop at this location because I happened to be in the area (a good thing in a way, because I was supposed to be in NY for 3 days and the Soho store closed early the next day because of Hurricane Sandy).  This location seemed bigger than the Soho branch but I found my shopping experience actually less enjoyable than at the Soho location. I found the Soho store staff much more friendly and more willing to help with finding colors, sizes, etc.  There were a few occasions when I had to ask someone to check the store inventory for sizes not on the floor (for certain Bleach T-shirts my son wanted, but not available in his size) and the sales people I came across acted either as if they would rather not bother, or didn't try very to track down what store had what inventory. The size of the store is bigger but not necessary a good thing.  It was harder to shop because there were some sections that had both men's and women's wear mixed in, and the same item could be found throughout different sections of the store so I found that I was wasting a lot of time trying to figure if I needed to spend more time looking or if I should keep moving to the next section. I love Uniqlo products and have not once visited NY without buying something from Uniqlo ever since its first US store opened in Soho.  If I was in the area again, I would shop here again for convenience's sake but if I had a choice between this and the Soho store, I would much rather spend my time shopping at the Soho location for a more pleasant shopping experience.
Pretty cool stuff. Adore their decor & design, but I agree with another reviewer who said it's kind of like a maze. Wish they had more jackets for women, saw a lot of cool guy stuff, but can't say as much for the women part since i'm not into the marshmallow puff thing.
Uniqlo, Japan's version of The Gap, is the leading clothing retail chain in Japan. In 2011, they opened one of their 8 global flagship stores on 5th Ave in NYC. Having never been to a Uniqlo store before, I wasn't sure what to expect from one of their flagship stores but I was ready and willing to be wowed! Uniqlo's NYC flagship store did not disappoint. It's 3 floors of shopping goodness with neatly arranged displays of their colorful casualwear. I was quite impressed that a store of this size was able to stay so neat and tidy, esp during the holiday season. This is a credit to the store management and the employees who were friendly and helpful without being intrusive. I find I'm more apt to browse if a store is well-organized and clothes are neatly arranged and folded. The holiday decorations were also quite festive and the awesome displays beckoned to me. The layout of the store was a bit confusing and I did have to ask for "directions" a few times but it was surprisingly not too crowded during the weekday lunch hour and it was fun to browse. I've never purchased anything from Uniqlo before but I have received some of their products as gifts and was quite impressed with the quality and pricepoint. I don't know how the Japanese do it, but somehow they are able to manufacture good-quality products at very reasonable prices! There were a number of holiday specials running this week. Cashmere sweaters (in basic black, navy, ivory, grey) for women were on sale through Sun. While the cashmere probably isn't the highest quality cashmere, it was def worth $40! A prominent collection in the Uniqlo family is their Heattech line of clothing. Heattech is Uniqlo's line of heat-generating technology clothing. This line of clothing comes in basics ranging from tanks, tees, leggings and coldwear accessories in every possible color and an assortment of fun prints, all at very reasonable prices! Reviews for this technology are pretty good and I will def be back to stock up for the winter season!
Great basics at amazing prices. Excellent for both casual and work clothes. I'm a fan of the slim fit men's dress shirts, and that they have size XS. The construction on the garments hold well, and at $29, I don't feel horrible if I spill my coffee. Wife loves the base layers and heat tech tights. But not the socks - they blow out after a few wears. The flow of this store is a little confusing upstairs on the highest level. It seems to last forever. Take your time and take a good look the first time through - by the time you hit the registers, you won't want to try to find whatever it was you missed on your first loop through.
In my haste to pack I failed to bring anything proper to acclimate myself to the NY humidity and heat. So as I stumbled around looking for an inexpensive establishment (Old Navy was too far away and we had a rehearsal scheduled for 3 a.m.) I saw the sign for Uniqlo.  Uniqlo is probably Japan's answer to the Old Navy conundrum.  Inexpensive, trendy, casual wear.  I first heard of this label when relatives back in Nihon were sending me articles of clothing (sweaters, t-shirts) but because I am not built like the typical Asian or Japanese for that matter (no stick figure anorexic here.....and I work out with free weights) most of the gifts either went to my skinnier friends or straight to the local SPCA thrift store. First off, this store is amazing in terms of height.  It covers three floors and is accessible by an escalator that takes you up to the third floor and a wide swathe of steps that take you down to the second and first floor.  I was a bit confused with the layout (men and women's clothing) because there are no distinct parameters but I was able to figure it out after perusing.   First floor covers graphic tees.  And cheap.  They were having a $5 sale on t shirts but since I was looking specifically for a black/white striped, had to go up to the third floor.  This is where the magic begins.  Casual and work coordinates are situated via maze like pattern and pay attention to the sale signs.  I found a shawl cardigan that was usually marked at $40 going for $19.  In addition, a cute striped oxford button down with a ribbon at the neck for only $9 but unfortunately, they had it only in medium.  My larger-than-typical-Asian chest in inches made me lose out on that cute deal since they were out of large. The underwear/cami/bra section is fantastic and oh so cheap.  Seamless underwear for a steal. The second floor paid homage to up and coming designers with their summer dresses.  Cute, flowing, and some quirky.....in knits, rayon, and cotton.  If I was in the market for something out on the town, this would have been the spot. Clean and large dressing rooms, a fantastic friendly staff, and clean bathrooms on the second floor.  Another must for visitors to the big city.  I just found my clothing fix when I'm in Midtown West and on a budget!
Guess what? We'll all be wearing the same clothes this winter.
Awesome escalator but barely any items on sale. Everyone in the heat tech section don't seem to budge for anyone. Their service is great but is it really necessary to have that many people work at the register? You might think the line moves faster but in reality it's because they can count money at all. All of these retail stores hire the world's dumbest people to work the register. Verdict - I prefer the Uniqlo in SoHo store because they had the 2 boxers for $12 deal and non heat tech V-neck shirts were all clearance for $2.80.
I was told that UNIQLO was the Japanese version of H&M, but that is definitely not fair to UNIQLO. UNIQLO is so much better and brighter and amazing... this store exceeded whatever expectations I had. It's humongous and yet so organised and everything is so colourful! The staff is very friendly and helpful and it's pretty easy to find one if you have any questions. After walking every inch of this store, I ended up buying two leggings pants, a downvest, and a downcoat. I never cared for vests before I came to UNIQLO, and now I wear my black premium downvest almost every day. And almost every day, someone compliments me on it. The vest (and the coat) are so warm, and yet they also manage to be very thin and light at the same time. They are part of UNIQLO's Heattech line of clothing. They are also fashionable, high quality, and reasonably priced! The four clothing items cost me around $160. My visit here has made me a UNIQLO fan for life and I (and my friends and coworkers) all wish that they would open up a store in LA!
Searching for this store is particularly memorable because the three of us got a kick out of the address--666! I don't know why my evil side comes out during the most inappropriate times, like shopping. BFF's cousin & I grabbed quite a few items to try on; so easy to do with rock-bottom prices. Their jeggings had a weird fit...a little too big & baggy...even in my proper size & a size down. Very strange. We both walked out with a jacket that cinches the waist for under $40. I've only purchased one thing here, but so far, so good on the quality & style. Average chain store with mass-produced items...loud music, cheery salespeople...cheap, casual everyday wear. It's worth a browse if you're already shopping in the area & don't mind looking like other people in your same age range & income bracket. 3.5 stars rounded up
Uniqlo is pretty much a place of worship for lovers of basics at ridic prices. Though I've noticed the brand might be more appealing for guys, the Jil Sander collaboration is pretty awesome. Every time I head down to Uniqlo I stock up on textured oxford shirts, cashmere sweaters and now their heat tech tees. This location is a little mesmerizing and a little strange in that though it was so large it seemed as though the company simply took the Soho location and increased the floor space to allow easy navigation. There may have been just a few more items and greater stock of the collection overall. Customer service was amazing, and in fact, much better than Bloomingdales(yelp.ca/biz/bloomingdale…). There were tons of employees working and helping shoppers out with sizes and giving advice. This location also has tons of cash registers open at the same time, so line ups are generally a breeze.
I love this store.  I've been to other Uniqlo store in NYC but by far this flagship store is my favorite.  There are 3 levels, and I love how each floor is theme either by men/women or by designs.  The first floor had basic polos, tanks, shorts and khakis. Second level had the designer collaboration or special edition items.  Ladies had great one pieces at affordable prices (Mostly under $40), and also basic blazers and skirts for the more classic look, and Men section had their seasonal screen T's.  Third floor had beach/summer themes, sale items, etc.   Overall I had a blast, but since NY is the only state that has Uniqlo in the states I suggest you check it out and do some shopping.  Uniqlo consists more classic tanks and basics, with a twist of some mix and match tops and bottoms.  I think their quality is not bad for its price points.  However, if you are looking for super trendy, patterned items, this is not for you.
This store its huge and very well organized. They have a lot of people on the floor if you need any help and the location couldn't be better.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE...UNIQLO! Can't wait til they open in San Francisco. But Uniqlo is kind of like if a Japanese Gap and H&M had a baby. A modern and fun store, plus affordability! Awesome! Confusing layout but that's forgivable. Love that its the flagship and on 5th Avenue!! I was able to score some cute burnt orange demin shorts (which are also very sturdy since I biked all of Central Park in them without any wear at all), a beige and orange striped sweater, a couple of cute boyshort underwear and seamless beige underwear to wear under sheer dresses! Other selections in the store are simple basics, shirts, pants, shorts, dresses, dressy chemises, screen tees and of course they carry a men's side as well. I went to the store twice since it kind of overwhelmed me the first time. I even stopped by the one near NYU and this one is way bigger with more selection! Staff here was really friendly and HELPFUL. They helped me navigate this huge store since I wasn't just shopping for leisure but Air Canada lost my luggage so I had to replace all my clothes and quick and I was able to do so here without spending more than $60 for two days worth of outfits thanks to their summer sales! Thanks Uniqlo!!
Am I the only person totally unimpressed with Uniqlo?   I find the clothes to be uninteresting and without any character.  I mean, we're talking clothes that are duller and more white bread than those at the Gap. And the cashmere itched me something horrible when I tried on a few sweaters - are they sure that's cashmere?! It's not Uniqlo's fault that the clothes aren't my style, though; my biggest beef is with the store itself.  Whoever designed the layout needs to be taken out back and thrown into a corn maze, equipped with nothing but vague signage and bouncers who tell you that you can't walk up or down this or that staircase.  I consider myself pretty bright and on top of my game but it took me awhile to figure out how to navigate, and then exit the store.  Between that, and the crowds, it was a stressful shopping experience.
LOVE this global flagship store!  I've been a big fan of UNIQLO since the SoHo store opened and even went to their shops when I was in Tokyo.  The Japanese really know how to make good quality clothes at super affordable prices. It's a huge beautiful corner store right on 5th Avenue with 3 floors.  Most of the merchandise can be found on the 3rd floor though.  The ones on the first and second floor are usually promotional items. I love their fleeces -- so soft, and no pilling even though I've washed it countless times.  I've also taken a huge liking to their Heat Tech offerings -- I wear them under all my itchy sweaters during the wintertime.  The sizes are slightly odd as I've had to go up a few sizes for both me and hubby and we're not even big people, which makes me wonder how the average Caucasian finds his/her size. The staff here is wonderfully polite; all attributed to the great Japanese training, I'm sure.  One thing I always note is how they handle your credit card.  It is with great respect that the Japanese people will return things to you (credit card, cash, business cards) with both hands.  There hasn't been one time that I've encountered a cashier who hasn't done this.  Kudos to UNIQLO for instilling this type of service!  Everyone is super friendly and extremely helpful and it makes it a huge pleasure to shop here.
During my walk from subway station to my office I daily used to see the workers trying to complete this Flagship store few months back. So I literally saw this store being built right in front of my eyes ! It's a really nice flagship store of  retail chain Uniqlo. With mutiple levels this is probably one of the biggest stores on fifth avenue. One is always greeted at the door and informed about the ongoing promotions. Now coming to the merchandise offered by uniqlo, I feel it's bit overated. I remember how they covered the entire nyc subway about the advertisment of their heat tech technology from Japan for jackets. I don't think those jackets are that warm.Other merchandise offered also is not of very good quality.I bought some formal shirts and was not too happy with them the way they were shaping after couple of washes.
I was very impressed with the way Uniqlo handled the opening day of their flagship store! I had been reading all about it for the last couple of weeks and I think it lived up to all the hype. First and foremost, they deserve major brownie points for hiring over 600 employees for the opening of this store! SIX HUNDRED! They hired really great people too, everyone was super approachable, friendly and helpful. For now, the entire 1st floor is dedicated to their cashmere items, the 2nd floor for their +J collection, and the 3rd floor for the rest of their men & women's clothing. This store is different from their Soho location in that they were offering various opening day discounts, and also they have all their HeatTech products available here. They even have a HeatTech tunnel, which kind of reminded me of Tokyo and I liked it. Everything about this store is extremely well thought out. They have 100 fitting rooms, so I didn't even have to wait a second to get a room. They also have 50 cashiers, which is probably plenty for a normal day but for today, my wait was about 15 minutes. I was incredibly impressed with just how much they maintained the chaos. The employees did a great job keeping the clothes organized and neat. Even the people working the long line outside were fantastic! They gave out free ponchos and booklets, and chatted with people waiting in line, just to keep things light and fun!
I had to ask directions in the store twice.. thats once and then once again, and I'm a grown adult with decent cognitive skills. The mens section had more to offer than Soho, but given the awkward layout and location this store didn't win me over.
This location is worthy of the title "flagship." It's always well staffed and stocked and although it seems like it should fall into disarray from the volume (like so many clothing retailers on the strip) it never does. The prices are great and the store is beautifully organized. My main gripe with this store is that, as the flagship, it still does not carry everything. Items available online are not always available here (especially accessories). It sucks to have to have to pay shipping when there should be space somewhere in this 3-story phenomena.
I dont get it. I have tried to "get it" but its just not sticking to me. I guess I am the only person that finds the clothing boring and cheap. I came here when they opened and got a pair of pants which are now faded and highwaters and some of the thermal underwear, which have faded away in to my dresser somewhere. The design of the store is nice, clean, and easy to navigate but the clothes are boring and based on my pants not worth it.
I have to admit that I am not an Uniqlo fan, but I did enjoy my shopping experience at this store.  Bright , spacious , courteous staff, just reminds me of how true shopping experiences should be. This is much better Uniqlo than its SOHO store.
Oh wow, what a genius idea! It's called - designing clothes that ACTUALLY FIT. As opposed to all these American brands, where if you're a guy, you often find yourself digging through piles of XXLs and XXXLs, just to find a medium. You guys know what I'm talking about.
Nice looking and affordable simple styles. Just bought one of the heat tshirts for my daughter and she said it helped keep her warm when the weather dropped below 20 degrees in NYC. The fit seems a little slim though.
This is one of my favorite Uniqlo locations. Rightly so it is also their flagship store. It is also has the best selections AT THIS STORE. The store associates are ALWAYS helpful whether you approach them first or they approach you first.  Kudos for Asian bosses, must have trained them well. The prices are cheaper compare to other stores.  The quality are PRETTY GOOD.  I have since waned off trying to wear all name brands (call it the high school Syndrome or the Hip-Hop Wanna Be Syndrome).  No, I don't want to wear a gold chain on my neck.  Keep it moving. The store is always neat and clean.  Most of the time they are fully stocked with the occasional misplaced items but its an apparel store.  You expect it. Love.
Went in there just because my brother and I curious what the global flagship location looked like. We wandered around for 30 mins and got out empty handed and slightly overwhelmed. This place looks like some a futuristic clothing factory. Everywhere you turn, things all look the same... basic articles of clothing in rainbow colors stacked neatly. The electronic bopping in the background adds to the weird, futuristic vibe. There's one hall that has flashing lights and silver walls, ceiling, and floor... would be fun to have a rave there. The price and quality of clothes seemed comparable to H&M, maybe a tad higher. I'd go back if I need a plain shirt or tank top.
Opening Weekend at Uniqlo: Organized, enjoyable, fun-filled chaos!  :-) Location: Can't get much better than a corner spot on 5th Avenue!  But, really, did the address have to be "666"?  :-( Atmosphere: This is the epitome of "New York shopping": glass surrounds the outside, giving you views of the streets, mirrors abound so you can check out your reflection, stairs that light up, enough space to walk around comfortably.  And the store is HUGE!  My friends and I kept singing, "This is the store that never ends, It goes on and on, my friend..." while walking through the store. Service: Some of the BEST customer service I've ever experienced in retail...even though they told me that I couldn't sit on the window ledge on the first floor. Clothing: Think of it like American Apparel meets H&M with Gap pricing: All your basic items are here, but in every possible shade of color (American Apparel).  Great fit and stylish (H&M).  Not as cheap as you'd think, but still affordable.
This is the best Uniqlo that I have seen in the United States and it appears to have just opened.  My first experience with Uniqlo was in Tokyo when needing a few quick items upon arriving at the land of the rising sun with no cloths except what I was wearing.  (Southwest Airlines lost ALL of my luggage between Houston and Los Angeles.) I can say that while the clothing isn't by any means fancy, it's incredible quality for the price.  Guys, get some Japanese Uniqlo undies and see what I'm talking about.  Same type quality as with Calvin Klein without the extra cost for the name.  And by the time she's got your pants off a name brand ain't gonna matter.   There's no reason that this store should not do extremely well right here at 666 5th Avenue, New York City.
Great products. Sucky customer service. I came in to buy some camisole tops and they didn't have my size in the color I wanted, so an associate directed me to "the other end of the store" to see if they had any there. When I got there, I had to ask another associate where to go, and he then directed me to a different area. Tip to store manager: Train your employee to walk customers to the appropriate section so they don't get frustrated by getting the run-around! They still didn't have my size, so I went to the customer service area and the guy looked it up online. He said that no stores had my size in that color, but it was available online. I asked if I could just purchase it then and there, since he already looked it up (as you can do in other stores like Apple or Victoria's Secret). He said no, I had to go home and purchase it off my own computer. Are you kidding me? Do you guys not like making sales or something? I went online a few days later and it wasn't available on Amazon, so I looked it up on the Uniqlo site and they no longer had my size, so I figured I'd settle for the next closest size (Medium). Online, they charge extra for shipping. I wanted to call the 5th Ave location to see if they still had it in medium, and to ask them to hold it for me, but the only number listed was a nation-wide 877 number and the customer service rep said the stores don't hold items. Seriously? Bottom line: You guys really suck at customer service.
This is a review of the store, not the clothing. Big, frenetic, and confusing, Uniqlo is one of those Fifth Ave tourist attractions that purports to be a retail establishment. Confusing layout, plus lights and mirrored surfaces, may induce panic. That would explain why the customers have that deer-in-the-headlights look. The clothing, however, is nicely displayed and looks appealing. The cashmere sweaters felt high-quality for the price. I've heard good things about the cheap jeans, but I felt too overwhelmed to find a dressing room to try any on.
This is the most fun I've ever had shopping on a spaceship. Seriously - great clothes, great selection, great prices, and I have zero complaints about their complimentary pants alterations (I'm a short girl, so this is a huge plus for me). But I must say that I was a little disoriented and overwhelmed. I tried asking the kind disembodied voice directions ("Computer, where is the dressing room?") but I never heard a response. It was ok though, because there were tons of very friendly and helpful employees waiting to pick up the slack.
This store is a must for shopping in New York, and features a lot of good quality basics.
Welcome to Uniqlo's Global Flagship store in NYC located in the heart of NYC on Fifth Avenue and the corner of West 53 Street. I had the opportunity to preview this jet setting store today. The 89,000 square foot store is set to open to the public tomorrow at noon. At the same time thousands of visitors with their new iPhone 4s' will be taking pictures all day long of this shopping mecca! Make sure to stop by and pick up some great solid sweaters for the Fall. Remember, FOLKS! everything you purchase in NYC under $110.00 is tax free!!! And I am sure you will find something here for under $110.00, so there are NO EXCUSES!!!!!!!!
I went here once and definitely won't be back. The store is massive and extremely confusing.  I understand that they're going for a cool, modern, techno sort of look, but they've gone way over the top.  It's very difficult to navigate, and with so many moving lights I honestly felt a little nauseous and overwhelmed. On top of that, there was this weird product demonstration thing happening where I would run into employees demo-ing products to literally no one.  I come into an empty space, I am the only customer, and there's an employee doing a weird robotic demo to no one.  Very strange. And it happened more than once. I was also approached mid-store and asked to join an email list.  I declined, and was followed by the associate until I left the store.  I understand wanting to expand marketing and everything, but it's pretty weird to have someone come up to you out of nowhere in the middle of the store and ask you for your email address...and then when you decline (very politely -- I did my time working in retail) have them trail you and hound you about it until you leave.   On top of all of that, it's just not worth it to brave the crazytown tourist mess that is 5th Ave.
Love this place for the staples such as tanks and T's.. Always visit when I'm in town in NYC.  Visited the flagship store in Midtown for the first time.  Quite expansive, but given I had limited time, it would have been nice if the shopping areas were more centralized rather than up and down the stairs. Fortunately, they have a lot of registers and quite helpful staff to help pull sizes.
This place is like a three ring circus! It is crazy, it is colorful and it is a lunatic asylum! That being said, the prices are good for basics. The puffer jackets are a great deal as are the tights and tank tops. They have more than enough fitting rooms and a ton of registers. The fitting rooms are unisex so I had a young man zip me into my dress.   There are also a ton of staff members on the floor to answer questions you may have.  They also have a lot of bathrooms, can't comment on their cleanliness as I (nor did my daughter) have to heed the call of nature. The only negatives is that some of their clothing is really cheap quality, their leggings and spandex T's are see through - so are their cami's but I plan on wearing them under another top.  I am not also a fan of their cashmere. It felt scratchy to me. I do like that their socks are 100% cotton. Would definitely go back for summer clothes I bet their T's are great!
This one has the most sizes of one item compare to the other ones I've been to. Gives me more selections. I just went to the one at 34th. I thought that one was big already but this one is even better!
SL wanted to check out the flagship store for Uniqlo yesterday (Saturday).  What a madhouse it was... Here are some random thoughts: 1.  I like the layout and the color scheme of the store... 2.  Uniqlo looks like a direct competitor with H&M, but a Japanese version 3.  The $9.90 jeans look pretty sharp.  But do you really want to style it up in a pair of  jeans that everybody and their momma will be wearing? 4.  Aside from the super cheap jeans they have, everything else is pretty expensive.  It's probably a better idea to spend a few dollars more for higher quality designers when on sale or at an outlet .   5.  Their heat generating clothing with Heattech technology sound like BS marketing to me: a.  I looked at the label and it's just a synthetic blend of materials which are tightly woven.  Of course a tightly woven synthetic will trap more body heat as a loose knit and/or cotton garment will breathe more.   b.  The stretch material will make the garment cling to your body and trap even more body heat. c.  As for the exaggerated odor fighting/repellent properties,  it's all hype.  Everyone knows that natural cotton fiber absorbs more funky odors.  But if you really need to buy clothing which fights odors with antibacterial properties, you might want to take a daily shower and/or change your eating habits because you have a big problem, my friend... Anyways, 3 stars as it's average.....
Uniqlo has some pretty good stuff with reasonable pricing - to me, this is a good place to shop at if you don't want to spend too much on clothes, but at the same time, you don't want to buy stuff that's flimsy/inferior quality and/or you'll get tired of quickly.  This store is in no way like a Forever 21 - Uniqlo carries better quality stuff and more basics that you can add/layer to what you already have and they have a nice assortment of plain tees, camis, undergarments, etc.   I had purchased a flannel plaid shirt at the Uniqlo store in Yokohama, Japan, last year and wanted to get another one, since I really like their flannel shirts.  Right before exiting this 5th Ave store, I glimpsed a bunch of cool looking graphic tees in the men's section, which I wished I knew about earlier so I could've checked it out, but nonetheless, I was happy with finding another nice flannel shirt during my time here. This store was huge, compared to the one I had been to in Japan, and definitely much more brighter throughout and futuristic looking.  As of now, the only Uniqlo stores in the states are all in Manhattan, NY, though I've just learned that they are planning to open their first West Coast flagship store in SF, sometime during fall of 2012 - right around where the Gap and H&M stores are on Powell St, where the old DSW shoe store used to be; I'll definitely be looking forward to that:-)
Uniqlo is great for quality basics. Prices are about the same as H&M but the quality of the clothing is infinitely better. I've gotten many of my basics here and love the wide variety of underwear and socks that they offer. Their jeans are also of good quality, as are their cashmere sweaters. Out of the all the Uniqlo locations in New York, this one is probably my favorite. If you're looking to shop, you'll need to allocate at least an hour or two to cover the store - it's really that huge.
the global flagship store!  this joint was craaazy on opening day, and for good reason.  The line stretched around the block all the way to 6th ave. They have cheapo down coats and clothing to lure you in, and the endless marketing they did all over nyc surely helped too. you couldn't even walk a block without seeing a sign on a subway or on the amny or metro newspapers.
Uniqlo, I love you! This store is HUGE.  You will get lost or at least turned around so be prepared. But also be prepared for awesome basics, fun tshirts, and great customer service. I bought a bunch of the UT Peanuts T-shirts, a hoodie and some unmentionabes for my honey.  Worth every penny. Please open one in LA!!
Yes please!  My latest discovery as a transplant in New York. I don't know how the other UNIQLO stores around town compare in layout and design, but this one was an E-ticket experience. Giant escalators, lit wide stairs and glassed catwalks make for exciting shopping. If you're  in the 30-40 age range and visiting, you have to add it your your must-see list as I'm sure you'll find something you like (They even have cute kids' stuff). A gorgeous store with nice clothing at a great price. I really only checked out the men's wear and found $40 quality dress shirts give H+M a run for their money.  You can't beat it. Chinos, linens, graphic- T's, shorts, jeans, clam diggers all under $50 at a fu-fu chi-chi locale. Some clothes are a bit fashion forward yet simple, but mostly a great selection of wardrobe basics. Since it's a Japanese company, the only thing missing was a tea and mochi bar to whet my whistle.
I go for one thing...Heat Tech.  The Beau wears the long johns and undershirts and loves them.  I love their layering shirts since they are super thin and don't add much bulk to an outfit. I recently discovered their button down shirts and cashmere cotton shirts...and I am hooked there too. Unfortunately, we don't have one in MPLS, so I have to stock up on every trip to NYC.  But no matter...there is ALWAYS room in the suitcase.  :)
My middle name should be Uniqlo. I freaking love this store. First of all the Flagship store is AWESOME. Although I've only been here twice I've managed to spend over $150 both times, smdh, I must say the heat tech tights are the truth. I just got the socks today so I'll let you guys know about that another day, lol. I have there coats, sweaters, hats, leggings, so on and so on. Every one in this store is always so happy and very helpful. A girl in Uniqlo suggested me to go to Burger Heaven, which was great. I will say the store is huge. And always busy as its in 5th ave across from St. Patrick cathedral. I think its 3 floors and they have 150 dressing rooms. Yes you read right, 150. I love this store, go Uniqlo.
Very impressed by the layout. a little confusing at first but when its a grand opening its understandable. However, this place is A-MAZING! I feel so alive when I am inside! Surprisingly, considering how big it is, the store is actually clean! and clothes are not everywhere like a closet. They still keep everything nice and neat! they had so much more clothes than the one at soho, however I think the selection was quite small. Same type of clothes but just a lot of it! They had a lot of sweaters, but not as much blouses, coats and other stuff. They have your basics and the clothes actually fit well!! None of that upper part is too big and the bottom to small. I absolutely love the Heat Tech shirts! They actually keep you warm and you don't have to put layers and layers of clothes over you and end up looking like a ballon. Its thin but it does the job, and I am the type who doesn't take cold well and I feel warm in these clothes.
WARNING:  There's something absolutely addicting about going to UNIQLO.  Maybe it's their super-clean, nice-looking bathrooms?  Or the fact that I want to see American kids doing the Japanese customer-service thing, handing you your purchases with both hands.  (I know, I'm WEIRD.) Anyway, I visited three of their stores in NYC, and I have to say that this outpost is definitely the most attractive, complete with numerous shiny, hanging disco balls.  I found their SoHo outpost to be a bit more run-down looking, unfortunately, especially when compared to its glamorous Fifth-Ave locale. Here's what else I love about UNIQLO:  their basics seem pretty well-made.  I would totally trust getting socks and underwear here.  I love their cotton underwear.  Cute styles, comfortable, and I think they will last.  SIDE NOTE:  I NOW OFFICIALLY HATE ALL CALVIN-KLEIN UNDERWEAR AND SOCKS... and vow to replace all my basics with UNIQLO.  Over the past year, I've had too many problems with shoddy Calvin-Klein items.  Elastic on underwear falling apart.  Flimsy socks that never stay up.  So, I'm turning to UNIQLO to get the job done right. I'm not crazy about UNIQLO's other clothing (not digging their too-basic-looking styles for sweaters, coats and jeans), but for my other Essentials, I'm happy to give them my business.  Rock on, UNIQLO!
their heat tech stuff really keeps you warm!  I used to buy them in Japan and was happy to find them here!  the turtle neck style might be a bit constricting/hot, but other styles crew neck/t-shirt/tank are good.  scoop neck might be a bit too low cut.   It's great because you don't have to buy/wear bulky sweaters.  Instead just wear this super soft/thin under a thin cardigan or even a t-shirt! the heat tech knee high socks ($12 for 2 pairs) are a must buy.  I wear them under yoga pants/thin dress pants and they keep me warm without having to buy "winter pants".   the super light puffy down jacket is super convenient-it really does fold into a tiny super light weight size no bigger than a carry-around-folded-umbrella.  it's awesome, especially to pack for travelling!
well. I had been holding out on going to Uniqlo for quite some time, with no clear reason for my aversion. Their slogan "made for all" weirds me out a bit , with it's fascist overtones, but otherwise I had only heard good things. I recently started working nearby and have had made this now a regular stop if I need to pick up an inexpensive quality basic. This particular store itself is kind of a marvel. I have this thing when I go into a new store, especially if I know I'm going to buy something... I walk around to get a feel for the layout and how big it is. It's sort of impossible to do that in Uniqlo. Well, not impossible, but improbable. It's like a glowing maze. I go there frequently, like 4 times a month, and get lost every time. It is not to be advised if on drugs...or maybe... I scored two pairs of jeans, a sweater and a skirt for less than 50$. This was during a sale. Their usual jean price is 40 bucks, and they fit well. All their basics seem like better quality than H&M, our other resident non American inexpensive clothing line. I'm a little tired of H&M to be honest, so Uniqlo is like a breath of fresh air. And the service! The people that work there are so nice, I can't figure it out. I have never seen people so happy to be at work. Very unusual for this town, to say the least. Also, their tights are killer. Wear them constantly and they never rip. They have replaced American Apparel for me since AE's quality has gone down so drastically. Let's compare-- 23 bucks for one pair of tights at American Apparel-they rip the same day. 10 bucks for two pairs at Uniqlo- both still perfect after a month. Uniqlo kicks American Apparel's ass. Anyway, I'm a fan, and I'll keep going back, for the entertainment as well as the deals.
Large and spacious w/ bright lights and mirrors everywhere. Easy to navigate and lines move rather quickly. Came in at 8:45, store closes at 9PM therefore bypassing the cray lines to get inside. Took my sweetass time over the $49.90 cashmere sweaters and all the employees were still extremely friendly and welcoming (both at the cashier and the fitting rooms). Also, got a Uniqlo Hello Kitty bag; basically 99% of the reason I stepped into the store. Like like like! :) P.S. Alterations are free for pants over $20, $5 for pants under $20. Hidden stitches are $5 flat.
I went here on the grand opening day and had a great time! All of the marketing on the buses, billboards, and employees helped spur interest. My hubby and I waited in line for 1.5 hours to be the first customers to get inside. Plus, we were able to get a free Uniqlo bag when we left the store. The rain cover for the shopping bags was a nice touch. Each level has the same clothing which was nice. You didn't have to feel as congested to one location. I didn't have any issues with the layout of the store. In addition, I liked how every salesperson was willing to help us. My hubby and I love the clothes for the high quality and the great prices! I got a long sleeve shirt for $12 when a shirt similar would cost $40 at Gap. I can't wait to have a Uniqlo in the Bay Area!
I was severely confused by the escalator because that transports you directly the third floor, not the second.  Unless I'm severely mistaken, you get to the second floor either by elevator or by the stairs? Anyway, interesting store - everything is very neat.  I do agree that this place feels like a funhouse - I did note that a person walking around actually said, "It feels like we're in a house of mirrors" - it's very easy to get lost here, but there are lots of signs above that tell you where restrooms, cashiers, and fitting rooms are. Uniqlo is great for simple basics--actually, Uniqlo is not really H&M's direct competitor because H&M strives to bring fast fashion for the masses, while Uniqlo is more about affordable basics to go with your fast fashion items.  Look out for their special promotions - they usually discount things like sweaters/tops, most notably.  I have quite a few Uniqlo pieces in my closet and I find that they are pretty durable.  Sizing is great, especially for smaller frames (XS here I come) I am disappointed that they recently changed the prices of the alterations - they are now $5 for pants under $20.  They used to be free across the board, no matter the price of the pants.  Oh well.
...I got lost on the third floor. I could not find the exit for a good ten minutes. I wish I was exaggerating. I wish I was saying this just to give my fellow Yelpers a good chuckle. It is true and unfortunate. Lucky for me, I eventually found my way down those rainbow-colored stairs, once again. However, once I navigated the jungle, I walked away with some good, quality, reasonably-priced wardrobe finds! Situated on three large and brightly-lit levels, this store made me think of H & M, except more practical with a higher quality product. Leggings are thick and insulating, hugging my legs. T-shirts fit snugly and are true to size. The famous Heat Tech products I bought (a sleeveless shirt and two pairs of socks) warm my torso and feet quite splendidly. Despite the midtown Saturday afternoon crowds, I did not feel like I was being trampled by fellow shoppers. If anything, I was surprised at how non-claustrophobic I felt walking around the vast majority of the time. Bien! I see myself as a repeat shopper here. It's stocked to the brim with wardrobe basics for prices that will not break the bank. I am very pleased!
MR:  WHAT....IS....GOING....ON?!?!?! This place is freaking crazy!  Old Navy meet Rave Party in a Walmart Distribution Center. Too many colors they amount of stuff they have there is insane.  And none of it is in the same place...WTF.   It gets 2 stars because the pricing is really affordable, as long as you can handle the headache you are going to get because of the color overload as soon as you walk in.
Uniqlo! Their only stores in America are in NYC so everytime I'm in town I like stopping in. This store is new since the last time I was in NYC and it's definitely a lot bigger than the SoHo location I'd been to before. It's actually pretty overwhelming, 3 huge floors of stuff. Good sales, lots of basics. Some things are great deals, others, not so much. For as packed as it was, there were no lines for the dressing rooms due to the seemingly hundreds of employees there who were helping keep things orderly. Definitely a must stop for poor fashionistas in the city.
If anyone knows me in person, they'll know that I am one of the biggest Uniqlo fans in Los Scandalous.  So it's with mixed emotions that I dare say that I much prefer the Soho location than the flagship here on 5th Ave.  Why you ask, dear readers? Admittedly, the selection and variety of clothes offered here was staggering.  And granted, I was a bit hung over from the previous night's merry making.  But the place is just so big...  and I admit, my visual-spatial reasoning is terrible (once scored bottom 5% on a standardized test when my mom thought I was retarded) but the whole Ikea-esque layout felt just like a rat maze.   I remember doubling back 3-4 times upstairs and getting weirded out when I went down the stairs (but not the escalators) to hit up the weird 1.5th floor with all of the cast-offs and clearance sale items.  Luckily, Uniqlo is Uniqlo and I was able to pick up some awesome socks, undergarments and a few fancy sweaters. Still, what would've normally taken an hour and change at the Soho location took 2 1/2 because of the crazy layout of the store.  At the end of the ordeal, I felt like Rick "Fuck yo couch" James after getting a leg whipping from the "African-statue-looking-like-muh'fuckaz" Murphy brothers. Because:  "This motherfucker going out...  his legs was like...  linguini!"
First time here today and I LOVE IT!! I've been to the Soho locations for many years and never had the desire to check out this locations since "it's all the same"... But i was wrong! When you walked in to this 3 floors store, you get a wow effect! This is a very cool store and can be quite overwhelming and confusing, but it's well stocked and have a big selection, a lot more/bigger than the Soho location. The staff are very helpful and friendly (comes in handy when this place is so big and confusing)... I was having a lot of trouble getting smaller sizes at the SoHO locations but over here, when I can't find it on the floor, the staff went to the backroom and got me a smaller size. Score!
Only question is - Uniqlo...when are you opening in LA??????
Been shopping at Uniqlo for quite some time now, all the items i have from them have held up extremely well over the years, but this is my first time at a US location, and i think the 5th ave store is the flagship store? well it is BIG, well definitely bigger than all the ones I've been to in Asia, it gets a bit intimidating when you first walk in, but for some reason, it's not overwhelming, the store is organized very well and streamlined. The staff are also helpful and very friendly, fitting room is clean and well lit. I picked up two pairs of jeans (they run a bit big, i'm usually a 25 and had to go with a 24 with both pairs), also got a cashmere/wool blend sweater for $30 bucks, super soft, i think 60% wool and 40% cashmere, I'm a bit of a fabric purist so was really happy to have scored on a nicely made sweater. there were some great skinny jeans/cords i liked from the sale section too, i think about $15 each? but i didn't want to bother with the alteration(free) since we were in a rush to go across town for dinner. well priced, well made, nice material(most of the time), and cut is very simple and non-fussy. love it, next asia trip i'm stocking up on the pajamas.
Holy Wonder Wall designed 53rd Street megastore! Uniqlo has long been my favorite place to shop for inexpensive, smart clothes that balance out all the outrageous crap I in my closet that I bought in college. The designers they hired made a very cool Uniqlo Global Flagship store here in Midtown, and I'm really happy I made it on the opening day. I was in the neighborhood on the 14th, and my friend and I decided to just see how waiting in line might turn out. The end of it had nearly reached 6th Avenue. I estimated that there were 2,500 people in front of me as I walked to the back of the line, but we made it inside in 15 minutes. The store is huge. I think it's like 70,000 square feet or more, on three levels. An escalator leads to the third floor, while stairs on either side of it go to the second floor, where the J+ Collection is at right now- now available in XL for tall people like me. The stairs continue out the back of the second floor, up to the Men's section on the third floor. I might have the layout a bit mixed up, but there were about 10,000 people in the store with me at the time. Overall, I've been to their store downtown and also in London and Paris, and this one surpasses Paris as my favorite. Everyone knows their clothes are great and inexpensive. I recommend the men's oxford shirts, the sock selection, and looking around for interesting knitwear. They also have awesome madras shirts in the summer.
Uniqlo is one of the newest retail stores to finally hit 5th Avenue. I have been of fan of this creative store since the SoHo location was opened. I always admired it's simplicity of marketing their clothing without trying too hard. However, when the 5th avenue location was in construction, you could not have escaped the advertisement up and down NYC! Now on to the review of the actual store... This store stands by it's title. GLOBAL FLAGSHIP. Indeed it is global! I always get surprised when I enter the store because there's so many places you can go to. The huge escalators lead you straight to the 3rd floor, which I highly recommend to go to if you're looking for the simple things you need for your closet, such as season jackets, their HEATTECH items which is such a great deal, jeans, scarves, etc. It's amazing. The prices are amazing as well, reasonably priced compared to Uniqlo's competitors. Make sure to go to this store when promotions are going on, I believe it's the greatest deals in retail thus far.
Love this place.  Affordable and I can wear things "straight off the rack". The place is huge and the customer service is great.  I love the Heat Tech stuff for the winter and the Airism stuff for the summer.
Huge space of 89,000 square feet (the largest UNIQLO store in the world). The opening day (today) was crazy! There was a long line outside around the block when I got there (Lunch time). The line was moving efficiently like Japanese(?). One of the best deal is the opening special cashmere multi color choices of v-neck sweater (good quality) for 50% off from about $100. I asked how long having this deal? By this weekend (10/16). I ended up spending more than I was going to. Don't bring credit cards! Just bring your budget in cash only.
This Uniqlo is huge.  It is a bit overwhelming and I felt claustrophobic because of all the people swarming to get $10 dollar jeans and $40 dollar cashmere sweaters on opening weekend.   Uniqlo is like Japanese Gap.  Sometimes they collaborate with designers, like Jil Sander and Alexander Wang, and usually I like those collections more than their usual stuff. oh, and they have a huge collection of anime T-shirts.
HOLY BAJEEZUS Uniqlo! This store is not only massive but extremely well organized. I think the store experience is actually quite lovely here. Now that there are multiple Uniqlo locations in New York, I don't find that they are as congested to navigate in as when they only had one location, so that's a breath of fresh air. I LOVE the crazy fast turnaround time to get my pants hemmed. It is fast and FREE (pants under $20 have to pay $5, still a great deal)!  Over at the SOHO store, your jeans were available next day, so if you're an out of towner who is only staying in New York for a little while, you have to plan to make a trip back to pick up your pants. At this Uniqlo, I was able to pick up my pants at the customer service desk two hours after I purchased them. I don't know how it is in really busy times, but that was really awesome. The only little thing I have against this store is that they seem extremely fixated on seasonal clothes. What I mean by that is, since it's Fall/Winter, as far as the eye can see all I noticed were HEATTECH clothes. I love their HEATTECH line, but for the life of me I couldn't really find sections with nice interview/work clothes, or much of a casual line because they are currently pushing the HEATTECH, cashmere, and outerwear hard. I was really hoping to pick up a variety of different clothes but couldn't seem to find anything the last time I was there. Hopefully it's just a phase? I love this place. Eventually the whole city will own the same clothes from here just as most of us own the same furniture from cheap IKEA but at least we'll all be stylish and have some money to spare!
I discovered Uniqlo 4 years ago through my college roommate & I got my very first piece 3 years ago in Hong Kong.  As a fan of the brand, I was very happy to know that I no longer have to go across the world to find a store.  I still have to go across the country though. This is the global flagship location & it is near Rockefeller Plaza.  It has 3 floors & I think they are organized by product lines.  Things can be hard to find since there aren't any signs & there are tons of people; especially Asian tourists.  But fret not, there are lots of very helpful sales associates that are friendly & knowledgeable. Tip: try to pay on the 3rd floor because it is less crowded & the line is hidden so not a lot of people know it's there.
"Sweaters on sale for $19.99 in the women's section to your right!"   "Get ready for spring with our new collection of men's blah blah blah" So big. So futuristic looking. Felt like I was in the Jetsons/Twilight Zone. Got a headache from the lights. Not the most pleasant shopping experience but definitely interesting and LOVE THEIR JEANS!!!
FUN store where you can occasionally find some decent, useful items for your wardrobe.
If you ever need a cashmere sweater in any color you can imagine, this is your place to go. This store is fun with it's rainbow colored stairs and spacious layout (do most clothing stores in NY make anyone else feel claustrophobic?). They even have a public bathroom inside (this is a big deal!). I will be returning soon to get some heat tech clothes, about which I've heard very good things.
A little overwhelming to be in here because it's so big and bright but you can find all your casual wear in here.  Staff are friendly and funny so don't be shy to compliment them for all their effort!
I go to Uniqlo primarly for dress shirts and undershirts. It's a great store. Very inexpensive. The layout is simple and open. They also have a really fun mirror room that feels very Japanese. I've had some bad experiences with their clothes, however. It's an ongoing joke with my friends who also shop there that we have to coordinate when we go out after work and make sure that we're not wearing the same thing (it's happened on several occassions). And even worse, I stopped buying their socks because they fall apart after just a few uses. Holes near the toes!
I love this store. Still waiting for one in philadelphia.....
The store is big and the jeans/pants selection was amazing.  Rare to find in a men's store.  I wasn't a huge fan of the shirts and jackets but the great pricing on the items I did buy and the sheer size of the store would bring me back again.
I've known of Uniqlo for a while and even walked in when I lived in Korea. But maybe cuz they weren't ever the right size for me in Korea (or style for that matter since different countries carry different product lines, although with some things that are the same...) I never really bought anything. And even when uniqlo came in and a whole throng of my friends from Princeton went to NY to visit the store and buy a bunch of things, I didn't bother. Now on this road trip that I went on, I almost had no choice but to go since our whole group was going, and I was okay to go in and sit but call me a girl but I had to take a look at this... and this... and this... and ended up buying 3 things. Only 3. 2 heating undergarment things??? and a vest hoodie. So cute. Anyways, any one transaction under $110? is tax free! Awesome. I think there really is something for everyone, but whether you'll be able to find it is a different issue. You've also gotta have time to look. There will be a gazillion things to sidetrack you! There are at least three check out areas so if you think the line is too long, send your troops to a different line. There are also several changing rooms that you can go to. As well as bathrooms ;) And each floor does not have an equal amount of things, but each floor does have something so start upstairs if you're lazy like me, walk down and then take the elevator up to continue the top floor ;) Anyhoo~ worth a go!
Like a Japanese Old Navy except at Gap prices. Good for basics like undies and tights, but if you are looking for style, go somewhere else.
Overwhelmed by a shelf of rainbow-colored cashmere sweaters, I approached my nearest Uniqlo salesman. "Sir, I would like to get a cashmere sweater, but don't know what to pick. Are you trained in color theory?" His jaw dropped, followed by a Uniqlo saleswomen approaching me, saying "actually, I am trained in color theory. This section is the warms and this section is the cools." What followed was a deep discussion about color theory. The cashmere sweaters were $60. I love Uniqlo, but I'm not too impressed with this new "global flagship store" versus the one in SoHo. It might be bigger, but it doesn't feel bigger. They were selling $10 denim, but most of them aren't skinny. The selvedge denim is now $80, while it was $40 at the SoHo store. There wasn't a big variety of clothing like the SoHo store. They were just trying to move their fall clothing, but the shirt selection wasn't as good as that of SoHo. The non-denim pants selection, however, is better than that of the SoHo store. I remember the SoHo store having better underwear and socks... but maybe I just didn't locate that stuff here. I'll come back when it's not chaotic and update my review. Until then, 4 stars for having
Uniqlo has decent clothes for a decent price... but to me I feel the quality is a bit on the cheap side.  It's a good place for solid colors and basics. Everyone in New York is going to be wearing the same pair of $9.90 jeans and cashmere sweaters and etc after this sale and the one at the upcoming 34th St Uniqlo grand opening. For me this store gets really confusing because everywhere you turn, it looks the same.  No idea what is on what floor - it seems like theres like floor 1.5 and 2.5 too haha.  Lots of stairs, so if you have a problem climbing them, beware!  I do like that the place is super updated and hip.  Love the lighted up stairs :)
Wow, where in tarnation is the cashier hiding?  Who would've thought trying to find a place to pay would take over 7 minutes?   That aside, Uniqlo has maintained the uniqueness of store design.   The Hello Kitty bag scares me. Clothes seem to be good quality.  The $10 jeans are still there, though I definitely didn't want to figure out what my size is.  Seems like a scary process. Otherwise nice way to kill time.
Oh, Uniqlo.  Definitely a spot for visitors to check out. Good deals on clothes, but they're all pretty plain/low-key. You won't see any rhinestones/glitter here, or any dresses, really, but I got some tights (anyone know the real difference between those, leggings, stockings, etc?). My friends love the down coats, $10 jeans (the promotion may have ended) and heat tech tops. The people are always really friendly, and the store is just magnificent to look at. Come on a weekday to avoid more crowds. The bathrooms are nice and big here too, btw!
Overwhelming but solid selection and far more exciting than even the Soho store. Interior highlights include the rainbow lit staircase and the tunnel connecting the two parts of the building. Loads of apparel, accessories and anything Uniqlo your heart could ever desire in virtually every color and style offered.  You'll find staff everywhere willing to help you out, though it did take me 3 floors and 4 staff members to eventually find the skinny cords I had set out originally to try to find. Expect to spend time here, definitely not a quick in and out given the massive size of the store and the way in which inventory is spread out. If you know what you want and you want it quick, don't come to this location, go to the one in Soho.  If you want to see everything Uniqlo might possibly have to offer then stop here to fully immerse yourself in the Uniqlo global flagship experience.
Global Flagship store! It's a huge store of the Japanese brand.  The huge 3-story store has all it's clothing very neatly folded and labeled, so you can find your size quickly. I was impressed with the store.  I wasn't in the shopping mood, so I didn't buy anything, but would definitely go back if I needed basics. Xie Xie!
Mother of God, this place is HUGE!  Flashing lights, bright-colored clothes, levels and levels of sweaters!  UNIQLO was a staple of my life back in Tokyo, and since they haven't opened one in California (yet), I was dying to stop by here and stock up on basics in every hue.  It's easy to get lost in this location (the SoHo store is smaller), but it's completely worth it. One thing that really struck me was that they had very friendly customer service; my entire trip in NYC, service was hardly present, but the staff at Uniqlo were constantly friendly and helpful - TRULY like Japan. Pants tailoring is available, and they have plastic sleeves to go over your bag when it rains so your new merchandise doesn't get wet (again, the Japanese attention to detail is awesome).  Unfortunately, we had to return home before the debut of the designer line, but I still had quite a haul!
This flagship store is insane.  It's bigger than the ones I've been to in Seoul and Shibuya.  The service here is amazing.  Their jeggings are super comfortable (good thread count) and you can get them hemmed at the perfect length. They hem pants for free if the item is more than $20, otherwise, it's $5.  They guarantee the hem within an hour but I ended up coming back the next day and bought more stuff!  They have cashmere and cotton sweaters on sale now to clear for their spring stuff.  Orla Kiely's stuff is really cute and her stoles are only $12.90!   This place is great to shop for petite women - their 3/4 length sleeves are perfect for my mom!   And they have HELLO KITTY shopping bags.  Yes, HELLO KITTY.  I saw ones with Mickey Mouse on them too.  They were nice enough to find Hello Kitty bags for my goodies when I went in the second time.
I have friends who have raved about Uniqlo from their trip to London, so I was excited to check out the store when I was in NY. The store is massive, but very bright and clean. I really enjoyed my speed shopping, rummaging around picking up a great set of basics for a really great price. Both men and women will find a great selection here. Also the staff was really friendly, I found a quiet, tucked away register on the first floor and when the staff found out I was from Canada, we proceed to have a chat about Degrassi and Drake. I only wish I had more time to shop!
