One word to summarize this place: Amazing I am about as picky as it gets when it comes to my wardrobe and Acustom Apparel gets it right every time.  From the choice of fabrics to the quality of the tailoring I couldn't be more satisfied. The staff (extra special thanks to Candace, Prince and Jamal) goes above and beyond to make sure you leave feeling like a million bux in your new suit. Thanks guys
I purchased a dress shirt from Acustom last Fall and it is still my best-fitting shirt.   I have a soft, athletic build; that sounds ridiculous, but I am a former athlete and my physique of late has been a personal disappointment so finding a shirt that makes me look good is always a struggle... If you want to look good, you won't want to shop anywhere else after trying this spot out.
I found acustom apparel by accident. And I'm glad I did. The "hook" of this place is this: they use a digital body scanner to fit you for suits, shirts, jeans and any other apparel. What you should know about the place: Despite the technology being pretty cool it's  very functional. They store your measurements and can give you perfectly fitting apparel wherever you are. Wow What will make you come back: The staff. Everyone I spoke to really stood out in their own way. Genuine, personable, knowledgeable and at all times professional. They spoke candidly and weren't gimmicky like a corporate homogenized clothing store. Special mention goes to Prince; the wardrobe specialist--I told him I was moving, told him I needed the suit to be taken in again and whatever I asked he was able to accomplish, really strong stuff.
The quality of the suit is great, the staff is very nice, but attention to details on the finish was lacking. Also the turnaround time was very, very long, which made me hesitant to bring it back for more work when I noticed errors. I think its a problem with the tailor they use in the city for finishing, and not doing it in-house. 1) A mis-capitalized letter in my name kind of ruins the appeal of a monogram... I guarantee I didn't mis-capitalize it, and it's not possible to mis-view a capital B and lowercase b. 2) The hem on a pant leg came undone after one or two wears. Currently getting it re-done, but didn't want to go through the pain of going down there and dealing with their guy, who took forever and mis-promised times with the first round of tailoring. Overall, I like the suit and the look, but getting the monogramed removed because I didn't really care about it in the first place, and having it wrong is just grating.
I just ordered my third suit. Awesome staff, service and suit. My place to go now.
As a taller guy with an athletic build and long arms it is really hard to find shirts that aren't like wearing a billowy bed sheet. These shirts are the best fitting I have ever had. Forget about 'athletic cuts' that are always short in the arms or somewhere else. You can choose from a bunch of fabric designs and customize every last detail. When I wear them people always complement or ask if I lost weight.
This is my first Yelp review, but I think it's important to share  my overwhelmingly "meh" experience at Acustom Apparel.  Let's just say that I'm glad that I used a Gilt City gift certificate.  Quick background:  I'd been looking for casual work khakis that fit great, read some good reviews of Acustom, and decided to try it out when I saw the Gilt sale.  But the three pairs of khakis that I bought don't fit any better than my J. Crew khakis (and much worse than my Epaulet khakis).   The main reasons why Acustom is so average--and that you should probably try off the rack at J. Crew or Bonobos--are as follows: 1.  The turn-around time is super long.  I've used other "custom" clothing companies that manufacture in Asia (which is what Acustom does) and a three week turn around is fairly standard.  Acustom took almost two months, plus another week and a half for alterations.  You can get a handcrafted bespoke suit in that time.   2.  The alterations weren't consistent or accurate.  Acustom made one pair of khakis first, and they were too long.  So I had them hemmed and asked that the same hemline apply to the other two pairs that were in production.  I got back three pairs with completely different hemlines, including one pair that was way too short.   3.  The details are not well thought out.  For example, the zipper fly is super short, making it a pain to unzip (seriously, why make such a short zipper?). 4.  They don't really fit.  In the waist they're probably an inch or so too big.  But after waiting so long for the pants, and having the issues regarding the hemline in #3, I didn't really want to press the waist issue and will just take them to my local tailor to get them taken in. 5.  The khakis, at least, are not really custom.  Rather, they're made from stock patterns, so you only have three choices w/r/t the leg taper and the rise.  Again, another reason to just go to J. Crew, Bonobos, or Epaulet (which makes incredibly constructed pants for less money that fit great).
I had heard great things about Acustom Apparel from friends and decided to stop by the shop during a trip to New York. I live in San Diego and don't know of anything similar here, so I thought I would check it out. Boy, am I happy that I did! The body scan (to take make sure your suit fits juuuuust right) took a few minutes and then I started looking at custom shirts and suits. Great selection here of patterns, styles and cuts. These guys know how to make a brother look sharp! And the team at the shop is friendly, professional and top notch! I picked out a monogrammed suit and shirt. Living on the west coast, initially I was concerned that something might get fumbled during transportation, handling, etc. Not the case at all; the same suit that I had picked out arrived as scheduled. I tried it out and it fit like a champ. It was literally ready to wear out of the box! Overall a great experience! ***Note: the pants were a little tight when they arrived and I thought they might be too tight for when I re-inflate during the winter. I sent an email to them and they are more than happy to let the waist out a bit (and on them)! So simple and easy!
Overall it was a great experience.  I had some adjustments to make when I got my suit and Candace was excellent to work with throughout the whole process.  The suit turned out very well and something I would recommend to others.
Got my wedding suit here and I am glad I did! The 3D scan process is super simple and very cool, and the suit came out fitting great. Definitely the best suit I have bought. Everyone in the store is very helpful and nice, without any bit of a sales pitch, pushiness, or pretension. Just a really laid back, relaxed vibe.
My husband and I found this store while on a trip to NYC.  My Husband walked in while on a stroll through the shopping district  SOHO.  He said  it looked like the type of menswear store that we typically see when I'm in London but can't afford. After looking at some of the different products, a stylist explained to me that they use a 3d scanner to download all of the measurements and make custom clothing for men.  After looking at the quality of their goods and seeing another customer trying on his finished jacket (looked amazing) we decided to try it out.   The designs, styles and customization looked very similar to what's available on Saville Row in London - however the process was much simpler (I think we were there for a total of 30 minutes) and most importantly it didn't involve a tailor feeling up my husband's crotch with his tape measure.   The pricing was also Crazy-  less than 1/3 the price of suiting in Saville Row.  Their suits start in the $800's and went up to about $1500.   I asked the stylist how it was possible and they explained that Acustom's technology drastically streamlines the manufacturing process and also  improve the fit of their products (thus lowering tailoring costs). I also loved that they offered more than just traditional suiting.  My husband loves his bright colored weekend pants (he usually wears bonobos) and Acustom had a full range of colors of washed chinos.   After we choose what items we wanted, a stylist led us through their in-store app and allowed us to customize each product- we had a lot of fun choosing the linings and thread colors for a blazer (we choose a brown harris tweed that had suede elbow patches). Each product had enough customization options to make it feel unique but it wasn't so overwhelming.  The stylist was also very helpful  with her thoughts on what would look best on my husband and what was also generally in style.  My husband then got into their changing room and was 3d scanned - in and out in 2 minutes. Acustom had no problem with shipping abroad (and you actually save on tax!).  They told me that after he gets his items to reach out with any fit comments or changes, and afterwards they would work with me to design more products for him.
It was a mystery to me when I stepped in, which really added to the experience. Let's just leave this one with a 5-star review and the comment, "You've never experienced anything like it." Custom is the way to go if you can afford it.
We need an Acustom Apparel in SF!  This place is so cool- and the 3D body scanning process belongs in Silicone Valley. As a professional athlete I have some fit issues with clothing but Acustom nailed it!  Not sure if I'm going to be able to shop anywhere ever again.
I checked out this store on a whim...I saw that it recently opened next to one of my favorite drinking spots-  Felix Cafe Acustom has a very clean and unique take on menswear- everything is custom fitted and also custom designed by you and a stylist. The 3d scanning process is so futuristic and cool- I've been wondering for a few years why technology like this isn't more prevalent at other retail stores. I bought what they called "the weekender" which was a blazer, shirt and a pair of bespoke jeans.  Everything came in a few weeks later and fit like a charm- i've already gotten a bunch of comments on the jacket in particular.
My custom blazer fits perfectly. Not sure if it's due to the body scan or precise measuring by hand-- either way I plan to come back very soon to buy a custom shirt. Definitely worth the waiting period. Make sure you plan accordingly.
I think this may be the first review I ever have written on here, but I'm just that jazzed about what I've gotten to make that leap. In short, this beats anything I've ever bought. When I go out in one of the suits or shirts I got here, people turn there heads. I now go out of my way to find excuses to dress up, just so I can show it off. This applies not just for the suits but also the casual shirts and, now, jeans that Jamal and his great team put together for me. I think one of the most amazing parts of the experience is that there is a crazy awesome variety of colors, patterns, and materials to choose from. Everything from the collar liner to the stitching on button holes. The Acustom team has great taste and they are really good at reading between the lines of what you say and steering you in the right direction. You won't go wrong here.
This place is fantastic. The staff was super friendly (Kandice especially) and guided me through the process. Never pushy, just great customer service. I'll be back!
Have been to store 3 times now.  They still can't get suit to fit right. Totally botched job.  Much faster and better fit to go w old-fashioned tailor than 3D body scan that doesn't work v well
I first got fitted for an Acustom suit and shirt as part of a wedding party back in 2012. The unique experience of getting 3d-scanned alone warrants a visit, but it's the feeling of putting on clothes that fit like a glove that has brought me back multiple times. The design team there is great at walking you through the customization process and the store on Broadway is super helpful at seeing all the potential options. I'm a proud Acustom evangelist (I refer all my friends there now) but the clothes really do sell themselves.
I saw this store while I was shopping in SoHo and checked it out because it looked cool.  Once I was inside I found out they made custom suits using 3D technology to perfectly fit your body.   I wear a lot of suits for work so I gave it a try because the process seemed cool.  I found a nice dark fabric and thought the price was reasonable so I bought one.  Once the finished suit arrived I tried it on and it was perfect!
The suit fit here really is better then any tailor I've ever been to.  The material is awesome and I get comments from strangers every time I wear my suit.  If an impressive suit is what you want, no need to look any further.
I have been really happy with this place.  I originally tried it out after getting a great deal offered on Gilt for a suit.  I subsequently have gotten a pair of jeans and shirts.  The jeans are the best fitting pair of jeans I have ever had (I mean they should be as they are custom made but still) and my favorite jeans I have owned. The suit has gotten tons of compliments, more than other more expensive bespoke I have purchased. The customer service has been great.  Everyone I have worked with there has been friendly and helpful.  They also are knowledgable of current styles and designs and help me think out what will look good.  When the first of my shirts came back and there were a few tweaks I wanted to it, they worked with me to get the fit perfect without complaint. The prices are also lower than what I have found at other bespoke shops, but I don't get any impression whatsoever that the material quality is lacking in any way. The body scanner technology was easy and cool.  From my view, it did a better job taking my measurements (which are difficult based on my body type) than any tailor I have ever used. They also have been designing new products, which is great, its not just suits and shirts.  Stoked about a cashmere jacket I just ordered.
I've been searching for somewhere to take my boyfriend for some new suits (he wears them every day for work), but we have such a hard time finding anything that fits, so we decided to try going the custom route.  After researching a few other custom suiting places like Michael Andrews Bespoke and My.Suit, we decided to try Acustom, and boy are we glad we did!  First of all, we were in and out in less than 20 minutes!  Designing, measuring, everything-honestly the least painful shopping experience we've ever had together.  The stylists there are very knowledgeable and helped us create exactly what we were looking for.  I had my doubts about the 3D body scanner at first, but after we got the suit back and he tried it on, it fit perfectly.  We will definitely be coming back for more!
I am really impressed with this place.  I am the type of guy who doesn't like to spend a ton of time shopping yet also wants nice clothes that fit.  I went into the store and was immediately greeted by one of their friendly reps.  I explained that I was looking to buy some dress shirts and a blazer that looked good with jeans (I do not wear suits to work).  The rep. spent about 20 minutes with me, was extremely helpful and not pushy, and they had a cool 3d technology for the fitting.  I decided to buy 5 dress shirts (very reasonable rate of $135 each) and a blazer.  A few weeks later everything came in the mail and fit perfectly!  I've tried My Suit before and the overall experience was not as good and the clothes were not as quality.  I'll order from these guys once or twice a year forever now.  Great product and service.  Glad I won't have to waste any more time looking through Bloomingdale's racks!
Met with Jamal, who is one of the owners of the business was there to help me with the body scan. They use a technology to scan your body so that the measurements for your shirt/suit will be tailored for you. As we discussed fabrics and additions for the suits and shirts, he served me a nice shot of espresso. Overall, the experience was great and Jamal was quite knowledgeable about clothing. They have tailoring for both men and women and the whole process was quite pleasant and civilized.
A great location, and a really sweet product. Firstly, Jamal is an awesome guy - he really cares about the customer experience and knows what looks good. He makes the process of selecting and finalizing fabrics and stitching option etc a breeze, and always comes up with good ideas for styles. He's made two blazers for me and both were superb fits and looks. Second, the process itself is very smooth and  the technology is very cool. It's definitely on the cutting edge.
I don't usually write reviews on Yelp but my experience at Acustom was really great. I found out about the place when I saw a sale come up on Gilt. The deal was for a custom made suit and although those types of deals pop up regularly (there are a ton of small boutique-type stores that make custom clothes in NYC), what intrigued me about Acustom was the 3D body scanner. They use an advanced body-scanner that creates perfect model for you - no measuring tape needed :) So I thought I would give them a try. I've struggled for years with clothing off the rack - it never really fitted me well. I always have to get additional tailoring done on shirts, suits etc. So I went for my fitting appointment a few weeks ago and met with Jamal (one of the owners). Really great guy with superb sense for style and attention to detail. He walked me through the process and helped me navigate the endless options on customizing my suit - from basics like the base color and lining, to the accent thread on the first button hole and how slanted the pockets should be :). He offered some great advice along the way. The 3d scanner was very cool. You stay still for a just a few mins and it builds a 3d image of your body. I also decided to get one shirt made just to see how it turns out. My suit and shirt arrived yesterday and I went in to try them on. I was impressed. The fit was perfect - jacket, pants and shirt fitted like a glove. No additional tweaks were needed. The fabric and workmanship are impeccable. Really high quality and feel. So I ordered another suit, couple of shirts and they are also offering now custom-made denim. It's hard to get a great fitting pair of jeans so given the special they were running, I thought I will give them a try and ordered one pair. The prices are very competitive for what you get. The perfect fit, quality fabrics and great, positive customer service make the whole experience worth it. They will also be getting into polo shirts, shorts etc next. Can't wait! Highly recommended.
I went in for a fitting after purchasing a Gilt City deal. The fitting itself went smoothly. The staff was friendly, the store is new & modern, the scanning technology was cool. The aspect with which I wasn't 100% comfortable with was the size of the fabric swatches. If you go into a custom suit store like My.Suit the fabric samples are about 2'x2'. At Acustom, the fabric in those sample books were about 3"x1". It's nearly impossible to tell what your suit will look like with fabric samples that small. I ended up upgrading the fabric because I wanted a sheen to my suit and chose a silk/wool blend. The associate there who was helping me told me it was a good choice and even the owner Jamal came over and said my fabric choice was great. After about a month, I went in to pick up my suit and was warned by the same associate that the suit was 'loud.' I took one look and knew I could never wear it. The material was so shiny that it looked like something Hugh Hefner would wear as a robe. It looked like a silk suit and not a wool suit. I admit I share the blame because I chose the fabric, but again, with swatches that small, it's impossible to tell how a finished suit will look. That's what the sales associate should be there for, to steer you in the right direction and give you a clear understanding of what the completed suit will look like with your choice of fabric. I kid you not, you could not wear this suit to a wedding or to work. I did however try the suit on and the fit was off. The waist was much higher than how they had measured it and the associate had to take a picture of the mistake to send back to their manufacturer. Additionally, the suit was too tight overall. I wear all my clothes slim. I actually buy slim fit and then bring my clothes to the Stanton Tailor Shop to have them slimmed some more, but this suit was too tight. In the end I wanted a refund and they worked with Gilt to refund my voucher pretty quickly. After multiple conversations with Jamal and weeks of waiting, I was never refunded the fee I paid for the fabric upgrade. Eventually I contacted my credit card company to open an inquiry and Amex fought the charge and credited me back the charges. What I've learned is that a large piece of sample fabric makes all the difference and a high-tech machine isn't a replacement for someone with a good old measuring tape and great experience.
