Alex is a wonderful trainer.   I was reluctant at first to do training again because of previous experiences.    Alex gives you a great work out and is polite in the process.   He pushes you to the max while you enjoy the workout.  What was most important to me was that I remember what he taught me when I worked out myself.   I have.   If you have never used kettle bells you need to try Alex.   They allow you with relatively little equipment to get a full body work out.   He comes highly recommended.
I don't find anything fun at 7:30 a.m., let alone exercise.  And yet... Alex Grammer made morning workouts enjoyable when I trained with him this past summer and fall.  I started training with Alex and considered myself a big wimp - low endurance, weak core, etc.  Alex pushed me to understand that I COULD meet physical challenges, and with his guidance, I did.  Alex knew how to make the workouts just extremely effective, and just difficult enough so I wouldn't throw in the towel.  And, on top of that, he is extremely nice and interested in his clients' well-being.
I've been training with Alex for about 8 weeks now.  I started up back in April because I was sick of feeling out of shape and icky since having my first baby a year earlier.  I hadn't done any exercising (besides walking) since giving birth and I was ready to get rid of the last 10 lbs once and for all!  Alex has been awesome!  He is friendly and supportive (not the army drill sergeant type) and he does all the exercises along with me.  He always mixes it up so I am never bored and he has increased the difficulty and intensity of my workouts gradually so I am keeping up and constantly challenging myself.  2 months in and I am really seeing a difference.  My arms and legs are so much tighter and the weird post-pregnancy back fat is starting to melt away.  I'm still working on the belly... but it's getting smaller every week.  The best part is... completing these sessions is making me feel BADASS - and every new mama needs to feel badass at something other than mommying right?  I highly recommend Alex if you're looking to start getting back into shape!
I have been a member of Body Reserve in Park Slope for many years. I just wanted to give a shout out to a physical trainer and class instructor there, Alex. I have been training in Alex's body sculpting class for about a year or so and have found him to be one of the best instructors at the gym. His class is basically everything you need and hits all the body parts. It is a total-body workout wit a mix of cardio, core, and hand-held weights training. Alex is basically a great motivator and inspires people to go beyond their comfort zone and really strive to strengthen and tone. He is truly excellent and I highly recommend him as a trainer and class instructor.
FYI--Just wrote to Alex to sign up after all these great reviews, but unfortunately HE HAS LEFT NYC. This business is no longer active here. (pun intended) :(
I'm generally reluctant to see trainers, since I'm a bit of an introvert and averse to excessive pushiness. This isn't to say that pushiness is a bad thing, but it usually comes in the guise of a BOOT CAMP with YELLING and CHEERS. The amazing thing about Active Brooklyn (in particular, about Alex Grammer, who worked with me), is that he was focused, intent on dialing into how I work and what motivates me, and a great trainer overall. I got a better workout than I've ever driven myself to achieve on my own, felt great about it, and left motivated, proud and healthy. The entire time, I knew that Alex was observing closely, pushing me (but in a smart, less abrasive style), and calibrating my workout to make it more effective. I'd recommend Alex highly if you're looking for somebody who listens to your needs and motivations, then works with you to really help you get where you want to go.
I have been doing boot camp in the park with Alex this summer and after only two months I have seen a huge improvement - I'm feeling fit again! He's fun but pushes you hard enough so you really feel it, and at the same time there's no phony sergeant major stuff going on so the atmosphere is relaxed.  And there's no better way to start the day than being in the park as the sun rises.
Alex does a great job of tailoring the training for each individual.  I highly recommend contacting him if you're considering getting back in shape or even for those that are active and just need to be pushed a little harder.  He's very personable and not aggressive in his approach.  He does the workout along side you, unlike many of the other trainers I've worked with in the past.  You don't need a gym to get in shape, but you do need Alex!
