I've never seen a kayak up close in my whole life. Then, I took the Beginner course this saturday. Fantastic. I was one of two students with Warren as my teacher. He was patient and enthusiastic and helped me feel calm and collected while I paddled in the enclosed harbor area. I learned to forward paddle, backward paddle and turn as well as rudder. Now, I didn't tell Warren but he figured it out when I started singing, "Don't worry about the water. Supervised activities are fun. Supervision is the best way to kayak in the world. SUUUUPERvision!" He was great.
I've wanted to go kayaking for awhile and was surprised with the instructional lessons as an anniversary gift. At first, I thought why would you pay for instructions when they offer free kayaking at the Hudson? Let me tell you, we needed those instructions and it was well worth the $50/hour (they're given in 3 hour blocks so $150/per person & everything is included: life jacket, kayak, & spray skirt). I always thought kayaking was easy, but goodness was I wrong. The instructors, Warren & Stephanie, were patient and motivating. Warren was great with helping me to relax and not freak out. The class is great for teaching you fundamentals and techniques. The instructions help with - getting in & out of the kayak, rowing & steering techniques. If you've never gone kayaking, I highly recommend this as a fun (perhaps nerve wracking...I can't breathe, Get me out of this water) activity, but fun overall, especially when you're back on land :) I would definitely take another lesson, which would probably ease my comfort level and allow me to develop my newfound skills.
How do I write a review for the most influential thing in my life in recent history? Let me just say that I LOVE kayaking and NYKC not only made it possible, but made it surprisingly easy. Their website isn't great, so here's the deal: classes and trips are $50/hour and that includes all equipment and instruction. They keep the class sizes down pretty small and they have a stable of teacher's assistants, so the teacher to student ratio is really good. They use real sea kayaks, the kind with the spray skirts, and I'm told they're really good boats. You don't have to own your own boat or pay extra to rent one! The intro class (fundamentals 1) is three hours; most of that time is in the water. After that you can continue taking classes or go on the trips that are rated "beginner." As your skills advance, there are more difficult trips. My commentary: I always have fun doing this. The classes were challenging, but not killer. Before I started I had never been in a kayak; after the first 3 hours of instruction, I felt very comfortable. After three more, I was comfortable enough to take some trips. A couple of times I have left work early and gone on a quick, two hour trip across the Hudson. It's a great time, a great stress relief, and a chance to see the city as so few do. Plus there's a great feeling of accomplishment the first time you cross the Hudson without a bridge or tunnel. The instructors are great as well; very laid-back and helpful, they're exactly what you'd expect kayak instructors to be. You can do 20 minutes of free kayaking at a few places on the river, but those are sit-on-top kayaks, which seem to me to be more like toys. Besides, 20 minutes is hardly worth changing into your swimsuit. For a real kayak trip in the real-deal boats, NYKCo is the way to go. Man, I really can't recommend this place enough. It's got to be one of the coolest things you can do in the city and considering all you need is a swimsuit and sunscreen, it's crazy easy to get started. PS, This is on the south side of Pier 40, Houston St at the Hudson River.
Free kayaking + sun tan lotion + lockers = wow. They are open from 9am-6pm and are purely volunteer driven. Last kayak time is 5:30pm. We managed to sneak in at the last time slot. To get into the kayak, the instructor holds it while you rest one hand on the far edge of the kayak seat as you step in. To get out of the kayak, you do the opposite: you push against the far edge of the kayak seat and you rest your butt back on the dock. Getting there: Pier 40 is on the Western end of the 1,2 train btwn spring & whouston st. Alternatively you can take the m14 bus there off west st. Note: 2 seaters have much a longer wait than 1 seaters. I think I saw ppl bring their own kayaks though. RULES: -no standing -keep away 25yds from the walls -don't go out into the river pics: meetup.com/teamfoodie/ph…
Very cool to have a small specialty gear shop in downtown manhattan.  I went if for a drysuit and they had a good supply in stock.  I almost forgot I was in manhattan when when I walked in.
I took a beginners SUP class. It was the most exhilarating experience ever!  I had a half day off from work so deiced to give it a try. Our instructor was super nice and patient. I was surprised there weren't more people in the class, which worked out great for me and my friend. I was all prepared to fall into the Hudson, but the boards are surprisingly steady ... I mean people do Yoga on them, so they werent as difficult to balance on as I thought they would be. Definitely recommend this place and definitely recommend paddleboarding here if you have a couple of hours to kill in the city! :)
I have been kayaking with NYKC for three years now and I highly recommend them for anyone looking to get into kayaking seriously.  Instructors are all BCU-certified, which is not necessarily the case at other local outfitters.  There is a great variety of classes for beginners and for people looking to improve existing skills.  The shop is a well-edited selection of clothing, water shoes, safety gear, paddles, boats, and additional gear. Additionally, NYKC is the only place in the city to offer instruction on stand-up paddleboards (aka SUP).  This is such a great sport and easier to learn than kayaking.  SUP lessons and guided trips are offered, but if you just want to check it out, there are $25 "Try SUP" events every Wednesday night.
If you're looking to try something different, kayaking in the Hudson River is a great experience and it is FREEEEE! Bring your kids, or your partner, or date. Super cute idea for a date... check it out. :-p
I took an intro stand-up paddle boarding class here and it was great! The people are so nice and they were really patient in helping us all get the hang of it. I had so much fun, I definitely want to go back. Plus, its only $25 for the intro class.
