There aren't that many good Vietnamese places in NYC. I know my viet food and I have came back multiple times. Not the traditional viet dish, but I get the Marinated Beef Cubes (#114). If you don't know what to get: Get a Pho bowl (#1), rice vermicelli (#47), or a rice dish with crab patty (#110). Cheap priced food with quality taste.
Love this joint! Perfect for a cold day in NYC. We order a pho (item#1) and spring roll & pork over rice vermecelli (item#47). The pho has a lot of combination of brisket, tripe, soft part of brisket and etc, wow.... Broth was delicious! Spring roll was also tasty, glad we found this place and will come back soon!
I kind of want to take points off for the fact that this place is full of smirky white kids (full disclosure, I am a smirky white former kid). The pork ribs and the pho are delicious. Good food. Cheap. Fast. Relatively clean and bright decor for Chinatown. Nice staff. Yup. I'm a fan.
Pretty standard stuff. I find it hard to distinguish one Vietnamese restaurant from another in Chinatown (in a good way), and I only remember this one because my dad and I eat here a little more than we do at the other ones. Still, good pho, yummy spring rolls, cheap prices... What more could you ask for?
This was my first official Pho experience. And oh, it was Pho-nomenal!! I ordered the shrimp Pho, my friends ordered veggie and beef. All were Pho-ntastic. Mounds of noodles in the tastiest broth I've ever sipped and slurped, huge servings at incredible prices. The atmosphere was great too. Lots of seating, good beer, nice staff, clean and speedy. We left full and satisfied. It was love at first Pho. Pho Grand, you are the Pho-cking best.
Pho Grand is my regular Vietnamese eatery in Manhattan.  I'll get one of three things: the large beef pho, the grilled pork chops, or the rice vermicelli with beef cubes.  Their pho is really well-seasoned and arguably the best I've had.  I like that they don't skimp on the tripe which I douse in chili garlic sauce.  A lot of other places will give you a strand or two but Pho Grand gives heaping spoonfuls of that delicacy.  The pork chops and rice vermicelli are also very tasty and are on par with other Vietnamese food establishments.  Still, I usually get the pho unless it's soaring heat outside.  You can't go wrong with the signature dish at a place named that way.
I'm a regular here. Mainly because my old Pho spot workers shut down their restaurant on Mott and moved here. Just happened to go there and they had a sign saying they moved to Pho Grand off Grand st. (weird) Anyways, its one of my favorite places to eat Pho at in the LES. Clean, Fast and Friendly Service. Plus they keep the Jalapenos fresh on the table just like I like it! Here is a tip: Want privacy, maybe a booth or don't want a view of the outside traffic? Then ask to be seated in the back section of the restaurant. ;) If you're in the area check Pho Grand out. It's worth the cheap prices trust me.
Sad thing is this is the better of the places in NYC.  I even tried the Cari ga to switch it up, still a big NAY!!   Sniffle, sniffle, but she's all i got :(
I Just found out about Pho. It is my new favorite food. I have consumed it three times already this new year. I will be dinning there again tonight. God bless Pho, God bless it!
Cheap, value restaurant. The pho broth is too salty for my taste.
I've been meaning to come here for a while, and honestly, it did not disappoint. I came here for a birthday party, we were a group of 25 people, and the owner was able to accommodate us all in the back room. The waiters were extremely patient when it came to taking our order, and food came out fairly quickly. The food was amazing, I had the seafood soup (highly recommended, but better to share it, the portion is extremely big). The pork and chive dumplings and the summer rolls as an appetizers were also amazing. For the amount of food and drinks we consumed the bill came out to 25 per head including tax and tip, which was extremely reasonable for what we ate. Highly recommended! PS: accepts credit cards but a minimum spend of $20, so take cash.
This review is solely for the pho ga. I love pho ga but theirs was nothing like I was used to. Very disappointing, it was salty and boring and the chicken was dry.
Stopped here last summer to satisfy a pho craving. I had Vietnamese students who introduced me to the dish, and I really wanted an authentic experience. I really liked it here. The prices are reasonable, and the pho was really good. I had the brisket, was too scared to try some of the less familiar meats. A great place to go if you are familiar with pho, but maybe not for someone who is looking for sweet and sour chicken.
I used to be a Pho Grand fan. When you have a place you want to eat at, but you just can not stand the service, that is a bad sign. The service trumps the quality of food. Everyone there look like they don't want to be there, our servers forgetting to bring what we ordered, and still make it on the bill. Once, twice, forgivable, but multiple times. I can go somewhere else. What a shame. It's not THAT good.
Hm... If you're from Cali, you're not gonna like this place. I was very very disappointed and I can't believe I'm saying this in NY where a 4-star on Yelp is usually more reliable! I ordered Beef Stew because it was a cold day. Instead of a hot steamy stew where you can smell the curry, I got a lukewarm one with cold pieces of beef and I could barely taste the curry. And, the soup tasted kind of Chinese-y...not sure what they put in the soup. I think they get pre-stewed beef from the fridge, stick it in the soup and serve it. I had to send it back to get it warmed up. My boyfriend ordered a pork dish with rice noodle patties but the patties came all dried up, old and shriveled up. It was a little unappetizing. My boyfriend is Vietnamese so he ordered in Vietnamese but none of them understood what he was saying. We should've known better when we saw that everything on the menu was written in big Chinese letters and tiny Vietnamese letters. I wish I could like this place so I can come back to try their pho but I may need some time to forget this meal before I come back. If you're really really into Vietnamese food, I recommend that you avoid this place.
A bit disappointed. Especially after all the great reviews. I had the delivery but the pho soup was ok and just not that impressive...
Uninspiring Vietnamese food. I came here expecting excellence, but left disappointed. The food was woefully average. Perhaps I'm spoiled by the greatness of Little Saigon (Westminister, CA). I had the shaky beef which is a simple stir fry dish that is hard to screw up. However, they didn't do this dish justice. The beef was overcooked and tough. The premise of shaky beef is for the meat cubes to come out sizzling and tender. FAIL My girlfriend had pho. The essence of pho is the broth and their broth wasn't that good. It lacked the fullness of flavor of great Pho broths. The search for great Viet food in NY continues.
Another best place found!!  Hot and sour fish soup is awesome!!
The only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is the Vietnamese iced coffee... not as strong and concentrated as Tu Do, which probably still tops off my Vietnamese Iced Coffee chart for NYC. However, this is a great place on so many levels -- If you're looking for somewhere to feed a large group before hitting the LES bars, Pho Grand  has ample space AND leaves you with enough cash in your wallet for drinks. The grilled pork is sublime - sweet-salty marinade, tender, flavorful.  Definitely go for the dry vermicelli dishes (not in soup), which showcase the grilled pork the best.  Plus they always come with the sweet and sour dipping sauce for the noodles/pork which is fantastic. In short, this probably isn't the BEST Vietnamese, but it comes pretty darn close.
The soup base is a little off. There is a better pho place a few blocks down
While I would not have thought of getting hole-in-the-wall-y Asian while in NYC, my friend had a hankering for Asian, so we went. My meal made me extremely pleased, since I was in a crappy mood. A huge bowl of vegetarian pho for $7?? Yes please!!! It totally hit the spot and made my crankiness subside. Lots of veggies, lots of noodles, and tofu, with the usual garnishes. I actually didn't finish the whole thing, which uh, never happens. We also ordered their chinese broccoli, which I didn't actually recognize as chinese broccoli, unless it was extremely baby broccoli. Whatever it was, it was stir-fried amazingness, with tons of chopped garlic, oyster sauce, and topped with fried shallots. Being a DC resident that lacks Asian veggies, this super simple plate almost made me want to cry. I really couldn't have thought of a better place to go. I heard Chinese being spoken so I was a little apprehensive at first, but this all tasetd legit. Unfortunately, the Quickly two doors down closed otherwise I would have had a cup of boba to finish off my amazing LA-like meal. Pho Grand takes me home.
I didn't try the Pho (though I should have based on these reviews) but tried out the squid with the preserved vegetables today. It was good -- not the most exciting dish I've had but the price was right and the squid was cut in an interesting starfruit pattern. I'll probably go again and try the Pho
The reason for the rating was because the true test in a basic and traditional Vietnamese restaurant is not the just the pho (rice noodles), summer rolls, spring rolls.  I believe the real challenge is how they make the beef cube and what they use to marinate it.  (Same goes for Lemongrass chicken or pork, but for now, I have an important task on hand and assessing the Beef cube is my top priority.) For many months, I am so determined to go on a food hunt to analyze the best Beef Cube served by Vietnamese restaurant.   So the adventure continues.  Today, for lunch, I have tested Pho Grand's Beef Cube.  The beef was tender (no left over, unchewable remnants were spit out of my mouth due to poor quality beef- excuse me.  :) ).  The beef was chopped up in bite size portion.  The beef had a great smelling aroma.  The fried onions were sauteed.  The beef and onion covered some lettuces, which is the norm.  However, the sauce was what I considered to give Pho Grand a three star rating.  The sauce was the perfect color, however the taste was overly strong.  It overpowered my taste buds and I could not savor the freshness of the beef flavor.   Sorry Pho Mac in Staten Island still rules.
YUM YUM! Just had lunch here today and was as happy as a clam eating my seafood Pho. Second time I have had Pho; first time I wasn't such a fan. This place changed my attitude toward Pho.
This place makes the best pho I've ever had. I dream of it. And usually by the time I get to this part of town, Pho Grand is closed, so I dream of it more than I eat it. The #1 is quality enough that it may soon take top spot in my list of acceptable last meals. One time I came here and was so absorbed with the soup & my date that a Yelp Elite who recognized me was afraid to say hello, lest she break the spell. (Don't be silly, Nina. Spells, like rules, are made for breaking.) The next night I came with a bunch of artists & models, and we were asked to remove our plastic raygun from the next table. It took a while for the food to come out that night, and I'm not sure whether it was the waiters wanting to prolong the models' time in their section, or if they were intimidated by our callous disregard for intergalactic weapon safety. Then another crew of photographers and models came in, wearing elegant geisha makeup and cotton-candy teased wigs spiked with paper butterflies. That has nothing to do with the food, but clearly, magic happens at Pho Grand. Just keep your rayguns to yourself.
ahhhhhh. nothing beats slurping down pho on a cold, dreary winter day. the most important component of pho for me is the broth which was delicious here - it was savory and so yum! some of the best pho i've had outside of los angeles. yum.
Thank you Yelp for finding me the best Pho in the Island. Disclaimer: New York City isn't Westminster, CA. As a high-school kid, I made an AOL screen name," ThePhoMonster." Needless to say, I'd say I have a pretty good gauge on the pho scene. After trying Cong Ly, Nha Trang and other notable players, I found Pho Grand which provides consistently warm, tasty, star-anised-spiced-shrimp-shelled-meat boned broth with high quality noodles that don't congeal together like the ones at some other joints. Get: Pho Dac Biet (Pho w/ everything) and add beef balls with the "Summer Rolls" appetizer (This is traditionally called a spring roll elsewhere...but they can call it whatever they want as long as the mint leaves stay fresh, the noodles cold, and the shrimp tasty). Get the large if you're hungry, get the small if you just ate lunch. Do: Put a ton of Sriracha. My friends usually put Hoisin, but my mom raised me better. Drink: Vietnamese Drip Coffee with Condensed Milk or Avocado Shake (I know right?) Pay: Not too much, ~10 dollars for drink and food per person. Unlike other vietnamese joints, you have to flag down the waiter for the check rather than walk to the counter to pay. There has never been a wait despite always maintaing numbers near capacity. Afterwards, why don't you grab some of the city's best coffee at 88 Orchard nearby? Sounds like a good plan to me.
Great Pho, large offering on the menu, nice place and fresh ingrediants. I really enjoyed everything that i had here. Great prices too.
I've been coming here since 2003 for the crispy spring rolls, ZOMG. Addicted. Used to be, bottles of Tsingtao were hidden behind cardboard and cost $2 a bottle. Times have changed, there's a back room dining area and a real bathroom (no longer doubling as the broom closet). This place is legit! Quick, friendly service. Cheap, delicious eats. It's a total Vietnamese greasy spoon, super yums.
A solid 4 star vietnamese restaurant in Chinatown. I like coming here with a few friends for a cheap and filling meal. There is nothing too extravagant about the place but you can't go wrong with anything I've had so far on the menu. The waiters are nice even though they're all Cantonese and not Vietnamese. I'll keep coming back as long as everything stays the same.
Is the pho grand? Yes. Do I stop in at least once a week if not more? Yes. Especially in the cold NYC weather, you cant go wrong with a hot bowl of pho. The service is attentive, but not intrusive. The broth by itself is delicious and when you combine the hot sauce & hoisin sauce with the meat and noodles, it's party time. Occasionally I have a side of the spring rolls which is pretty good too. I've tried other dishes and they're okay. If you stick with the pho, you'll never be disappointed.
Yum! Delicious pho (I had the number #1, suggested by my server) and crispy pork spring rolls with fresh mint and lettuce to wrap them in! Very inexpensive and the service was quite acceptable.
I travel the world often and always seek out Pho.  I do so because for some reason vietnamese restaurants are one of the only places I don't feel awkward eating alone.   THIS PLACE IS THE REAL DEAL The Pho portion is large and brothy but without skimping out on the noodles and all the other goods.  The meat in the pho is of the best quality, the rare beef is perfectly tender.  For those into the odd bits of meat as I am; flank, tripe, tendon, etc. They prepare these perfectly, really adds a rich flavour to the soup, not tough at all.  The spring rolls are exquisite, they are perfectly fried allowing the wrapping to be crispy with a piping hot stuffing.   The restaurant itself is clean, and cheerful with great music in the background.  And oh so importantly the staff is polite, courteous and helpful.  I don't like to generalize but often vietnamese restaurants have atrocious people skills.   The coffee is A++ Well done, I will return and bring people with me.
Not bad.  Dined here in the week with some friends.  We had a selection of dishes, banh cuon, pork with vermicelli, spring rolls and beef with broccoli.   The banh cuon was disappointing - why is it so hard to get this dish right?  Was cold and crepe was crispy - tasted a bit strange.   Spring rolls were super tasty, pork was ok. The whole place felt more Anglicised than I expected.   But not bad for cheap mid week meal.
I've been coming here for years, and it's always my go-to place for a Pho fix. Pho Grand is built like a diner, so you can feel perfectly comfortable walking in all by yourself with a book in hand, or you can come in with a throng of friends. Either way, they're ready to accommodate you with a smile and a hot cup of tea. I'm all about the Pho Bo Lui with its chewy sesame beef and steaming bowl of noodles and broth, but they have all kinds of Pho and all kinds of other dishes.
I have eaten in the restaurant only twice, but in my family we get take-out or delivery at least once a week from them, so I can't comment on decor, but the food is significantly good. What we order all the time (and I mean for over 2 years): - Fried rice with marinated beef cubes - Pho (beef noodle soup) with the grilled sesame beef (my 3-year old is addicted) - Chicken curry over rice (note that their "house special" has dark meat, or the other menu option with the same name is white meat) - Avocado shake (sometimes they run out, but not often) - Summer roll (the not-fried version of a spring roll, comes with a peanut dipping sauce) I've eaten the squid/chicken/beef with lemongrass dishes, which are quite good, but we don't have a high tolerance for spicy, so we typically stick to the menu above. They are so consistent in the food preparation, with the only comment that the soup container has gotten a bit smaller in the past couple of months, and is now consistent with Chinese soup containers (it was larger, which was unnecessary). The only time this place disappointed was -- of course -- when I had friends join me for the meal. And the only disappointing part was the time it took to deliver, the food was still amazing. (Sorry, forgot what my friends ordered, but they loved it.) Okay, the other time this place disappointed was when they got shut down for a period of time due to a fire in a nearby building. That was devastating, but not their fault. Highly recommend this place -- they are conveniently open for late delivery, but again, can't comment on the in-restaurant experience.
Boy it was cold last night. And nothing peaked my interest more than a nice hot bowl of Pho. Decided to stop by after hanging with some friends. Ordered the Pho Tom, which was pretty good but not top flight. Also had to try the Spring Rolls and they were a little disappointing. There were a little small in size and what happened to the romaine lettuce. They really skimp on that too. I guess I have been spoiled at Than Da in Brooklyn. So overall not bad, but I have definitely experienced much better in Brooklyn.
The Pho at Pho Grand certainly lives up to the hype as the ingredients are certainly fresh, portion sizes are appropriate and price being more than fair. In short, for someone who is often in the big apple to visit family, Pho Grand is probably one of the better places for Pho in Manhattan.
This place is solid! The spring rolls come out nice, hot, and crunchy, served with a side of lettuce, mint, and fish sauce. The pho is better than most places I've tried in the city. This place would have gotten 4 stars but they messed up on our bill. We ordered 2 phos and 1 small order of spring rolls and our bill came out to $32. We quickly did the math in our heads (the bf is a mathematician but it doesn't take a mathematician to figure out that the numbers didn't add up, even I could see that! ). We called the waiter back and he apologized and redid our bill. The new total was $16 and change. Yep, now that sounds more like the price of a pho meal for two!
Great for dine in and delivery!! Pho is rich and cheap! Also the spring rolls are perfectly crunchy!
Ive been here twice in the last 3 years. It hasn't changed a bit Ambiance: 2/5 Typical pho joint in chinatown, enough said Service: 3/5 Pretty standard service, no complaints Food: 2/5 This is probably the worst pho i've had in new york (its all relative after all). The noodles were overcooked and mushy. The soup was hot which was good but quite flavorless. Iced coffee was on par with other places
I have tried this place a couple of times to make sure I wasn't just eating there on an off-night.  For me, the pho just isn't great.  The broth lacks spices and tastes quite bland-- this is the best part about eating pho!   Service is rather slow as well.
No idea why this place has such an inflated rating and so many glowing reviews. I've been here twice, about two years apart, and it's been the exact same each time: resoundingly mediocre. Pho was lukewarm, broth was passable, meat quality middling, and rice noodles were a bit under cooked. I've had better pho in Ktown, and Obao is easily twice as good. My credentials in judging pho? I'm a Seattlite, which is like having a phd in pho.
Consistently great Pho, with rich fresh tasting beef broth and good ingredients.  I always go for the #1 and a "33" beer, which is always confusing when ordering but a perfect combination.  Usually spend about $11-12 including tip
This place is hands down the greatest pho I've had in the city!! The fried pork and choice dumplings and grilled beef are really good appetizers.  Would definitely recommend this place to everyone and I'm looking forward to my next meal here! :)
For years I went to to Pho Bang at 157 Mott, but I have finally seen the light. Not even close to the same ball park as what I had in Falls Church, but in Manhattan, we have other things going for us, and this is the place to get your pho and grilled pork chops
I came here looking for some decent pho and I was not disappointed.  While this cannot compare to my favorite pho places in San Jose and the Bay Area in general, it was good and definitely the best pho i have tried while in NYC (which is not saying much).   I got the #1 which was the large pho with everything in it (tendon, flank, rare steak, tripe, etc).  The portion size was a good size for $5.95 and the bowl of pho was good.  The broth isn't especially memorable but its good enough and I enjoyed it.  There was a good amount of meat and a sizeable portion of noodles. I also got the spring rolls with shrimp served with a peanut sauce.  The spring roll was a solid appetizer that is worth it to try. Also as a side note, this is one of the cleanest pho places that I have seen.  The decor is nice and modern and the bathrooms are actually clean.  Plus the prices are what you would expect for pho. Overall, I still miss the great vietnamese good that I get back in San Jose, but if you're out in the city you will not be disappointed by a solid pho place
Efficient service and strong on the fundamentals. This place has a big menu, but I came for their namesake pho. Broth was a bit thin, but the beef and beans were quality. Noodles slightly past al dente. Good balance of flavors. Small portion, but "This Is New York" after all.
I came here a long time ago for Pho with T, since T said they had good reviews here. I come from the land of Vietnamese people, so I am a bit picky when it comes to Pho. This place isn't owned by real Vietnamese people and I thought the Pho was just okay. W orders from here a lot, so H wanted Pho but I suggested vermicelli for H. I got Mi Xao Don Hai San - it was good, but I had better version of this. The broth was a bit too liquidity...I had versions where it came with sauce rather than broth to soften the crisp noodles. I would still eat here, but I wouldn't rank this place as having the best pho or it's the go to spot for Vietnamese.
We LOVE PHO GRAND! I wish i could write ten reviews all with 5 stars. Pho is always great--They have a VEGAN OPTION with vegetable broth! prices are fair, staff is mostly from China and rather friendly. Location is great, one block from the BD.
Can we say utter deliciousness? The soup is thick with flavor, the meat is tender (I always get the brisket so that is usually softer than the more healthy eye of round but still heard no complaints from anyone else dining around me), they have sliced jalapenos, 2 types of chili sauce (rooster or sriracha and the chinese style chili sauce with little peppers seeds in it), basil, cilantro, fresh bean sprouts, and... they have a full vietnamese menu. Most pho places only specialize in pho, but this place has everything. They also have fish balls which are quite tasty (though fishier than most I have had) and very fresh. They have weird things, like rainbow ice, but it isn't a rainbow at all. Not the best. And I tried their veggie summer roll (bland) that was only veggie because it had tofu in them. Not so tasty either. But the pho... oh the pho... and I eat pho like 2 times a week. no joke.
Didn't go for pho, just a bunch of random vietnamese plates - squid, beef, soft-shell crab, vermicelli.  Everything was good, but I can't say anything really impressed me that much.  It is cheap though, so hard to go wrong.
I'm going to go ahead and give Pho Grand five stars because I can't think of a single reason not to. This place is quietly spectacular, definitely one of the best Vietnamese places in New York. I love eating here, or ordering in for lunch at work. As other reviewers have mentioned, the Pho Tai (#6) is probably the most rewarding thing on the menu. Savory and piping hot, it's an excellent soup by any standard. Other dishes, like ginger chicken, lemongrass chicken, pork vermicelli, and sauteed water spinach are also definitely worth your time. The food is cheap, the service is fast and vigorous, and the lacquered wood decor is inoffensive. It can be a little amusing trying to explain a customized delivery order over the phone. Even though the staff will do their best to help you, passing the phone from one employee to the next in their quest to understand, you're probably better off just ordering straight off the menu. Adding those extra vegetables isn't worth the agony for all involved. And anyway, you won't be disappointed.
The Pho was decent but not great. The problem here is: I don't care if it's the dead of winter or dead of summer, if my broth isn't pipping hot and just lukewarm - i am not going to enjoy the d*rn Pho (it's like looking at murky swamp water). Pork chop rice dish - aiiiight.
PHO GRAND HOLLA! I am super picky about my curries and I must say the curry chicken over rice was AMAZING.The shrimp summer roll tastes so fresh and the dipping sauce with it is delicious. I used to only get the Pho soup with the chicken but now I've decided that I need to try everything there! Very promising!
I'm a big fan of pho and this place has become one of my favorites in NYC right now for Pho. It's a clean, no frills restaurant with good food and good prices. The fried eggrolls as well as the spring rolls are a good sugggestion too, and the servers are nice and don't try to rush you out.
NEVER GO HERE FOR PHO!! 3 people = 3 different types of pho = 3 sick people!! N.G. = Not good if you want authentic vietnamese food don't go here. they used to be good a long time ago and upon going back last week it was a huge mistake. Especially to our stomaches!! let just say I was thankful we went straight home after dinner cause I went straight to the bathroom and of course there's a line outside my own bathroom with 2 more sick people grabbing their tummies. needless to say we were all paying for it a couple of days after our visit!!! Never would I ever go there again. I don't care if Hillary Clinton and Michael Bloomberg were there... I know they never ate there before!! One only plus- their bathroom was clean! wonder why?
This place was surprisingly a lot better than I had expected. I usually go to Nam Son for Vietnamese food, but my friend accidentally went to the wrong one. So we gave it a shot and it's actually on par. However, I'm used to the environment and service we get at Nam Son.
I've been here at least 3 or 4 times now. I read about the place on here, and then a friend recommended it to me and then I brought my other friends here. It's a hands down winner. The pho is amazing. The broth is pale brown, flavourful and delicious. The beef slices taste amazing. The spring rolls may possibly be the best ones I've ever had in my life. The vermicelli is amazing. We had this noodle dish that was delicious. A friend ordered these beef ball thingies (sorry, lol... cant be more specific)... they tasted incredible. Seasoned perfectly, slightly smokey, barbecue flavour. OK, I just love this place. LOVE LOVE LOVE.
Everytime I come to NYC with my bf, we always end up eating here for dinner. Mainly because its cheap and I like pho! lol. The prices are pretty reasonable, I can't vouch for the other foods since I've only ordered pho when I was there. But the pho bowls were about 10 dollars or less (from what I can recall). The place is never crowded and there's extra seating at the back, (I didn't notice until I stood up to use the restroom).
After a long exhausting day in Chinatown, walking on a chilly autumn day into a restaurant for a monstrous (and I mean monstrous, guess who had dinner for the next day) pho is an ideal cure. I went with a large Xe Lua or #1. Minutes after my order, a giant bowl came with slightly cooked brisket covering the entire top, as it keeps its texture and still cooks in the soup. Inside, there were all kinds of bits and chunks of the forgotten delicious parts of a cow. The stock was quite delicious, but a bit lacking in complexity. A mix of fresh lemon, sambal, and hoison will help. Be careful with the sambal though, be sure to keep adding and tasting. It's important get a proper spicy bite, yet not have too much to make the broth inedible. In the end, the Japanese do their noodles better. However, you'll probably end up dishing out twice the price for a proper bowl of ramen. This on the other hand is a fine, albeit lighter and different, substitute.
While visiting NYC I was looking for a great bowl of pho and found this place on Yelp. The reviews looked good and in other search results was touted as one if the better pho places. Excited, we took a stroll in the rain to get here expecting that the food would be worth the walk but boy was I wrong. First I had difficulty ordering even though I was going with #1 and I wasn't even sure the right thing would be coming out. Second, although my order came out correct, the pho was bland at best. The broth was weak, only warm vs hot, and the meat was tasteless. The noodles were way overbooked and mushy. Lastly, it was impossible to get the server's attention after placing the initial order so I had to wait until I was almost done eating to get a refill on my drink. Yes, the restaurant was clean and restaurant was roomy but this did little to improve the overall experience. With all the restaurants in NYC, I won't be trying this one again.
I've been obsessing about vietnamese food lately and  the 4 places within 2 block radius of my apartment is just not cutting it.  After reading the reviews for Pho Grand...the bf and I decided to give it a try and we were so pleased.  He order the pho and he was like omg...this is so good and I ordered the grilled beef bun and was in grilled beef heaven.  I loved how the beef was stuffed with lemon grass and grilled to perfection.   We kept looking around at the other tables and the food looked so good.  We are looking forward to go back and sampling more dishes.  Plus the prices are so reasonable...you can leave there with a happy belly for under 10 bucks...now that's a deal.   P.S. the grilled beef was so good...we ordered some to go.   Also Cash only.
I came here in search of the best pho in NYC and it was actually pretty good.  I had the Xe Lua, which has all the different random cuts of beef in it, along with a watermelon shake (I couldn't resist!)  The prices were really good, the service was good, and the soup hit the spot.  Probably some of the best pho I have actually had in Manhattan.
Pho Grand is a great Vietnamese restaurant with Thai and Chinese dishes. Enjoyed it.
Meh. Thai Son's easier to travel to for me and the noodle bowls may be bigger. The tastes between the two restaurants are similar. Also, I understand there was a flux of Cantonese folks whom immigrated to Vietnam. But did I miss the Mandarin-speaking flock? It's very strange to me that the wait-staff all speak Mandarin...
When will Pho finally get the recognition it deserves amidst the Ramen craze?  Hopefully never, that way it stays cheap. I had reservations about cheating on Thai Son, but this place did the trick and got me off.  Broth was sufficiently tasty, and the meat portions were right for such a cheap price.  Probably too many noodles in there for my liking, taking up valuable soup space.  Brisket was super delicious as was the rare beef.  They're stingy with the basil leaves, but it is fiddy cent cheaper than Thai Son. :p   Tendon not as good and tender tho.  I probably still prefer the Pho at Thai Son / Nam Son - but maybe they know just how to tickle me in the right spot. I will slut around and try the other Pho places and report back shortly.
it is great food!
I had ordered take out once or twice before from Pho Grand and despite their aptitude for neatly compartmentalizing the Pho, a quality I dearly admire, I was left a little underwhelmed. Months passed and with it the memories of our failed embrace. Struck down by sickness for the second week in a row I was desperate and in need of hot soup, so I got back in touch with Pho Grand. Having learnt from my previous experience I steered clear of the Pho and opted for the Canh Chua Tom ($7.95 - sweet and sour prawn soup) and was left pleasantly surprised. Small pieces of green chillies and peppercorns added some welcome fire, tempered slightly by the odd chunk of sweet pineapple, throw in some bean sprouts, okra and some plump little prawns and you have yourself a cold beating soup. Forgive and forget, don't judge a sick man. PS The spring rolls were entirely forgettable and my 4* rating is laced with fever.
Great food, great service, cheap prices, very accommodating to large groups.
After jumping over smelly puddles and stumbling upon this place, I was pleasantly surprised at how clean this establishment was. And the pho prices are really cheap! (ranges from $5.25 - 6.25). I felt like I was back at home in california :) We ordered a large plate of egg rolls to share and I ordered number 2, which came with everything (tripe, brisket, round, navel, etc.). So our egg rolls came...and they were so tiny! They were like fun-size twix bars that were half the size of egg rolls back at home. They tasted yummy though so it's all good! And the pho didn't disappoint! Soup was deeeeelicious...but being hungover did play a factor. Portions were large even though I ordered the regular size. I had a nice big belly at the end of the meal. Surprised at how nice and friendly the workers were! Cause I'm used to rude asian restaurants... Credit card for $15+!
Great pho.  I have been told that NYC doesn't have good pho but I think this place was great.  I like the location, fast, delicious, nice atmosphere.  Can't wait to go back
Amazing pho and great service! Prices that keep your wallets happy. I've had pho for years and explored my options on the east coast, west coast and internationally. I ventured through OC area where there is a huge population of asians, predominantly Vietnamese people.  The pho on the west coast was as authentic as it comes, second to saigon and ho chi minh city. I would have to give Pho Grand 5/5 star for authenticitiy and the taste of their broth was just "mind blowing" The service I would give 6/5 stars if i could.  Only because they are quick, efficient, and very attentive in a good way.  They don't over do it and come bother you like most mainstream restaurants do nowadays.  I would classify their wait staff as "very keen on situation awareness" and always refills the tea before it gets too close to the bottom. They are also one of the few places that actually allows the sliced beef to finish cooking on top of your noodle soup which I rarely find at any other Pho joints.   probablity of being back within the next month.. 150%
Great place. Clean, friendly. Superb summer rolls. Amazing seafood pho. Great spicy curry. Free tea. And it's cheap! I've tried a dozen other Vietnamese restaurants in the city and this one is not only the most affordable, but the most delicious. I highly recommend it.
I'd like to think that I'm a pho connoisseur since I've been to so many restaurants. I wouldn't call it the worst I've had, but it certainly wasn't the best. I only tried the pho ga, which had way too much going on in the dish. They like to dress their pho with all sorts of overpowering vegetables, unnecessarily. It literally detracts from the authenticity of the dish. If you know anything about pho, you know that the dish is known for its simplicity. Also the language disparity is huge, in my opinion. If you don't know exactly what you want, you may be forced into something you're uncertain of. In my experience, my friend asked the waitress for something in particular that wasn't clear on the menu. Needless to say she ended up with something completely different because she was rushed and misunderstood. I probably wouldn't bother going again, because there are many other options in that area. 2 out of 5 is fair.
the food is great, the service prompt and courteous, and the prices are cheap. also, they never blink an eye when i show up with a book and nurse a beer for 30 minutes while waiting for a friend - they just keep serving up the hot tea with a smile. the pho is delicious - the best i've had outside of the bay area - and so are the spring rolls. wrap them up in the crisp lettuce for a real treat. try the grilled pork pho for something a little different.
Still have yet to find good pho in NYC, though this is closer to the standards of the bay area. I do find it funny that it is listed as one of the top 100 Chinese Restaurants in the USA. I think it is still lacking because the broth is not rich enough, but a little salty, and it does not come out hot enough so the bean sprouts cannot fully cook like I want it to.
The Tai Pho is soo good. The large is really big but it's so good that I end up finishing it every time. I like to order a side of crushed peanuts with mine, I think they compliment the noodles in texture.
Being spoiled with amazing Vietnamese living in South Jersey/Philadelphia, my brother and I looked this place up after meeting at his work in Financial District.  We were happy to see that they served Pho' with Grilled Pork, just like Pho' Eden does in South Jersey.  I ordered the #1 Pho' which I assumed was the staple Pho' dish.   Both of our soups were very good!  Not a knockout like some of the places in South Philly Viet town, or Pho' Eden in South Jersey, but the broth was clear and skimmed very well.  The meat however was very good, and the fatty flank had a hint of firmness which I kinda liked.   33 bear was different and subtle!  A nice standard, Asian style lager, not sweet like Tsingtao, not dry like Asahi.  Very drinkable, but not a go to beer.   I can't wait to try some more dishes, as I saw other people ordering non-pho' oriented dishes that looked amazing.   Wait staff was excellent and fast, always refilling our water when needed.  The place is also clean, and the bathrooms were clean as well.
Stopped in for dinner this evening, and took care of my pho fix. Pass on the summer rolls - they were ok, but almost all lettuce (I love it when they're heavy on the herbs).  Their pho difinitely hit the spot, especially with a very generous serving of meat and assorted bits (my favorite). Next time I go back, apparently I'll have to try the spring rolls.
Can I please be bold enough to declare this the best pho in NYC?? Yes, please. The pho was perfect, the appetizers were plentiful and fresh tasting! Plus, this place is a big bigger and cleaner than other pho hole in the walls, so that's a plus.
Damn good Pho. Pleasant staff.
I have to admit, they have legit pho here.  They could make it even better if they use fresh pho instead.  I had the Pho bo vien, tai, and gau and the cha gio as dinner.  The cha gio is a little too greasy for me but its made right.   The place is a little dirty but i had already expected this coming into here.  I see a lot of people eating the chicken curry so i definitely have to try that next time.
The food here is delicious and very inexpensive. The spring rolls are my my favorite. They've always been busy when I've gone in but never packed to the point of waiting very long for a table.
I guess the pho wasn't terrible but it really annoys me when I go to a Vietnamese restaurant and the people there don't even speak Vietnamese.  I get that most people who run Vietnamese restaurants in this city are Chinese people from Vietnam, and that's fine.  Its not like I was trying to have a conversation with the wait staff, its just normal for me to read my order in Vietnamese.  I mean, come on, its printed in Vietnamese on the menu so shouldn't the wait staff at least know how to understand/pronounce the menu items? Is that so unreasonable?? I also ordered a couple non-pho items which was a big mistake. I'm deprived in this city and everything always sounds so good on the menu. =(
Eat here all the time, live down the block.  Food is great.  Try the Sweet and Sour Shrimp, it's better than the Chinese places, they also serve brown rice which is nice for Chinatown.  The spring rolls and beef over vermicelli for $7 is one of my faves.  Pho is excellent, though I've had better.  Service is shoddy and strange.  There never seems to be one waiter you get, I'm always hailing down different people, and Asians get better service (I've eaten here 100 times so don't tell me otherwise) but it is Chinatown!
I have nothing to say besides: Everything about this place turns me on.
I usually don't crave pho, but when I do, I wanna have a savory broth and aldente noodles. Those are the only two things I ask for. I looked for a place near my apartment and decided to give Pho Grand a try. NEVER AGAIN. The only pro about this place was it's proximity to my apartment. When the waiter brought over my pho, I took one sip of the broth and knew there was something wrong. I took a chopstick full of noodles and I knew I was not going to finish this bowl of pho. The noodles were overcooked and the broth was SWEET. LITERALLY SWEET... That is obviously not acceptable for a soup broth!!!! The noodles being soggy and mushy were just the cherry on the top of it all. I am sorry to say... never again Pho Grand. NEVER.
IMPORTANT THINGS: #6 (pho with fresh eye of round) comes with LEMONS (WHY?! Limes are actually cheaper than lemons.), basil, and bean spouts. (Where are the cilantro and spicy pepper slices?) Also, the "large" size ($6.50) is actually quite small. The "large" pho comes with a decent amount of luke-warm, slightly flavorless broth but a small amount of noodles. :( (I realize $6.50 is a steal, but c'mon, rice noodles are my fave part.. and cheap.) I really wish the broth had been piping-hot and more complex in flavor, but it was basically a puddle of beef-enhanced water. Overall, the dish was A-OK. The grilled pork chops ($2/piece), however, were excellent. I wish I had ordered more than one piece 'cause it was succulent and smoky. I'll be back at Pho Grand sometime for some pork chops.
Delicious and super cheap!
I think I've found my new favorite pho joint! Pho Grand is definitely more decorated and well-kept than most hole in the wall pho restaurants which gives it a nicer ambiance in which to dine (not just eat). They do, however, keep their menu prices pretty comparable to other hole-in-the-wall restaurants, which makes it a double win! I tried their traditional house bowl with eye of round, brisket, and tendon and the broth is just phenomenal. My only criticism of the restaurant is that it's slightly hard to get to, but i would make that trek (even in the cold) for a nice hot bowl of soup, noodles, and meat!
Solid meal, they started speaking Chinese to me though which was a little weird since they're Vietnamese. Happy they are open late by local standards.
Thank you Yelp for leading me to this discovery.  Pho was great and broth was very flavorful.  Crab-cheese wanton was interesting but would pass on it next time.  Did not have that post-msg thirst for some strange reason.  Winter cold + pho = salvation.
all i can say is, i keep trying to find other pho places to try and none of them ever compare to Pho Grand. love this place and since one of my best friends introduced this place to me, i pass on the good pho karma to my friends for them to try.
Another very edible vietnamese place.  I ordered #95 which was some sort of mixed veggie dish with brown rice.  Also a papaya salad which was a bit funky but good.  I think there was tamarind in there.   Anyway, if you're in the neighborhood, stop in here.  Saigon grill but better, and without the swank.
Service was slow and we were seated in front by the door. Well, all that negativity went away when our huge bowl of Pho Ga.  First, this was the first time I had Pho Ga and the meat was separated from the broth. This kept the meat juicy and tasty in the noodles. The broth was well seasoned with just a touch of spicy. One thing, they forgot to bring my jalapeños. Over all very good noodles!!!
It's a crime NOT to like this place!  The Pho is so cheap, so big, so delicious, so filling ... that there really isn't any other comparison in the city.  The service is quick and the staff really will get you whatever you want.  This is my favorite cold winter day and rainy day "pick-me-up" spot! It is Chinatown so if you're expecting smiles and backflips when you ask for help go elsewhere.  The waiters will treat you well though.
I was here a few months ago on thought the pho was so-so, but when I tried it again today I found it about as perfect as I had hoped. Delicious!
As its name suggest, this restaurant does offer a solid bowl of pho. Being Vietnamese, I loathe bad/imitation pho that doesn't have good broth, good noodles, and properly thin slices of beef.  This place meets my expectations for what a good bowl of pho should be. There are good portions for a good price, with good service.  Nothing special.  They also have decent cha gio (crispy spring rolls). My one complaint? I thought it kind of weird that they gave me lemon for my pho instead of lime.  Especially because lemons are normally more expensive than limes.  This has happened twice now.  Not sure what's going on here. Overall, Pho Grand satisfies my pho craving when I have one and it is clean and much bigger inside than you'd think from the outside, so there is always space. For anyone else who isn't afraid to eat alone, this is an establishment where you can do so without anyone blinking an eye.
I reluctantly give Pho Grand a 3 star rating. I went today for an early dinner and OMG. It was so noisy. I can't blame the restaurant for the patron noise, but it is hard to enjoy your food when you look over and see someone spanking their kid :-/. The serving staff was AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL. I asked for my things to be boxed, the server came back to my table and placed the take-out containers on my magazine which I happened to be reading. However, the food was really good and for that I gave them 2 star sand the prices even better (1 star). I am definitely going to try Pho 21 on Mott Street in hopes of a better atmosphere. Good Luck!
PROs:  CHEAP..this place gives you a great bang for your buck.. and they put in a generous amount of meat. CONs:  CHEAP...the quality of the meat is pretty bad.  Cheap low quality food.  Down and dirty china town style.  if that's your thing.   Lots of chunks of fat and oil in the "number one".  not very friendly to the stomach.. a little hard to digest. After finishing your meal you don't get that warm fulfilled feeling you usually get when eating a big hot bowl of pho. I havnt tried out many pho places int he city,  but even Pho32  in ktown was superior to this pho.  And it is not nearly as good as any pho ive had in NJ. PHo-NO  i will not be coming back here.
it as alright. pork chops were a little dry and not very flavorful. The water spinach was delicious. Calamari Eh.. sub par. The meat cubes bo loc lac was edible. Overall IVE HAD BETTER.
Now I might be biased since I hail from Cali, and so far I have yet to find a pho place on the East Coast that can compare, but Pho Grand was just average for me. Don't get me wrong, it was a tasty enough bowl of noodles, but it didn't stand out for me and was missing a certain something to make it memorable. Credit card minimum of $15, so you might want to bring cash!
The service sucks but the pho is baaaangin'. Expect to wait an eon between water refills and just forget about being smiled at, but once that massive bowl of $6.25 pho comes out, nothing else really matters. Your tummy and wallet will be happy if you go with the pho, I promise. Their spring rolls are good too! And if you get take-out (like I do almost twice a week - eep), they package every part of the pho separately so you can add it to the broth yourself, which makes me ridiculously excited each time. I'm going there now actually for a big bowl of Pho #9.
First impression: The restaurant's interior is clean, cool and inviting. Very good. The staff are friendly, too. And I can dig the Chinese music they played in the background :) I had the #1 pho on the menu, and it was a huge bowl with more meat than I've ever had in a bowl of pho. Wow. Delicious and only for $6.50! Would've been better if it came with chili/jalapeño peppers. I'm definitely coming back to try their other menu items -- was too stuffed to order anything else yesterday.
Best Pho I have tried in the city. I go back at least once every two weeks, but more if I can help it! The summer rolls are delicious as well. The portions are huge - you will not leave hungry, and you will not pay too much for dinner either.
Great little spot. The beef pho had a great beefy full seasoned flavor. I will come here again. The price is perfect. The decor is what it is. Nothing fancy,  but the pho speaks for itself!  Wow. I want to eat this right now as I type . Bye.
My favorite menu today in Pho Grand is grilled pork with rice noodle and lettuce wrap (sorry I cant remember the name but I'm sure you can ask)!! Good taste and pocket friendly. :)
I wasn't a fan of pho.... before I came here. My friends dragged me here for dinner one night and I fell in love with their pho/marinated beef in sesame. Ah, so good! We routinely made the trip down to Chinatown just to have some warm pho--perfect for those chilly winter days! I miss Pho Grand: I have yet to find another pho that's just as satisfying.
My other favorite pho/vietnamese place downtown!  I have been 3 times and will be back many more.  Cheap and delicious, the way life should be.
Definitely my favorite pho spot in the city since my friend introduced me to this place. Great portion size, great broth, and you can get three pork chop pieces for just $2 on the menu!
Great comfort food. Reasonable. The PHO here is well made and the soup is authentic. The summer rolls are a must! I also ordered the vermicelli with grilled beef - awesome. Cozy, nicely decorated (just underwent a renovation) and friendly staff. Love to go there when I am in Chinatown. The staff members are awesome - attentive and friendly. The extended dining room is cozy and comfortable. Great food all the time!
Big fan of pho. Am searching for good stuff in NYC and have failed miserably. Not sure why people like this place for pho. Broth luke warm, unflavored, just lacking in love and attention. They use lemons not lime.  Super untraditional. Just not that good. Saigon shack is good. Not authentic but at least it's good tasty pho.
While some may think of jury duty as a tedious exercise in forced civic duty, not this girl!  I think of it as an opportunity to temporarily trade in the expensive and/or "bleh" lunch hell of Midtown East for the delectable cheap eats haven that is Chinatown.   Being Vietnamese and from Northern Virginia, I am constantly craving Vietnamese food and constantly disappointed by every place I try in New York.  But I will never give up!  And so it was with excitement that I set out for Pho Grand during lunch break from the court house.   I had read the reviews on Yelp the night before, and was excited to go to a place with consistent good reviews that I hadn't tried yet.  So you can imagine my disappointment when I had my first taste and realized immediately that Pho Grand simply did not live up to the reviews. To start, as 1 or 2 other reviewers have mentioned, the noodles were overcooked.  This may seem trivial but is actually a big deal because you need the slight chewiness of the noodles to provide texture when you're eating a noodle soup.  Who wants to eat mushy noodles in broth; how is that okay? But even worse than the noodles, I just didn't care for the broth.  It wasn't the worse broth I've had in NYC by any means, but it had no depth of flavor.  You can barely taste/smell the aromatics - anise, clove, etc.  I mean it was "fine," just not particularly good.  Oh and none of this is helped by the fact that they give you lemon instead of lime.  Subbing lemon for lime isn't a huge deal when you add it to be cooked but the sweeter, less sour lemon is more noticeable when just added directly to the broth before eating. Frankly I think the pho at Pho Xe Lua is better.  The broth is more beefy and flavorful, and they give you saw leaves in addition to the basil which is super authentic.  Alas, my hunt for authentic Vietnamese in NYC continues!
This place is my Vietnamese standard. Delicious pho and bun- get anything with grilled pork... it's such a heavenly flavor, one could stack it next to other NY Classics like the Bistro Burger, or the White Sauce from Chicken & Rice. Trust! I've been to this place probably close to 100 times, and have only walked away with an 'off experience' once, perhaps twice. Plus- its ridiculously cheap... did I mention the grilled pork?
Yes Yes YES, its the best broth around. I moved further away from it, and have tried all the others, I leave them wanting Pho Grand. Damn, and the people there are so nice too. Sometimes its best to avoid the ice cream but that is my only complaint. I'm not a dessert guy anyway..
Yesterday we all experienced the cruelty of a subzero chaser to one of the most beautiful February days I've ever experienced. Riding my  bike home to Nolita the light at the end of my tunnel was a hot delicious bowl of pho. I was alone and I didn't wanna sit down in thee restaurant where I couldn't watch crap tv on my laptop while I slurped my soup, so for the first time ever, I had pho to gho. I ordered a large pho #9  - tenderloin and brisket, just the good stuff please! -  it in the restaurant (which was busy) and 5 minutes and $6.80 later, I was peddling home with one hand on my freezing cold handlebars and the other clutching my lucious bounty. They've got a pretty good system for the to go.  One quart container with broth, one large chinese take out box with meat and noodles at the bottom, and one baggy with bean sprouts, basil (I only got like 5 leaves), lemon (no lime...) and some of the dark hoisin or hoisin like sauce that comes with pho. It was so big that I had to eat it out of a large saucepan, which was kinda fun.  I also added my own sriracha and some spicy vietnamese beef soup base to it just to add some flavor and god knows how many miligrams of sodium. Finally it was delicious.  They do not skimp on the beef, which seemed tender and fresh, the flavor was on, and the portion was epic for just shy of $7.
I have tried other pho joints on Grand Street.  This is far and away the best.  Nice staff, nice decor, clean bathrooms.  I go back again and again.  Besides, the pho, I also like the spring rolls.
I came here on a weekend and expected this place to be superb based on the high ratings. First off, this place is over-hyped! I noticed why Pho Grand has such high rating: 1) location: right outside the subway 2) tourists 3) waiters speak English = more English speaking customers = English speaking customers to actually write reviews on Yelp! Don't get me wrong though, the pho was excellently made. They give extra meat, the beef was soft and chewy, the noodles were also soft and chewy, and the broth was yummy. HOWEVER, the other items that we ordered were NOT SO GREAT. I ordered the shrimp summer roll and they were very bland! The sauce did not make it taste any better. My brother ordered a strawberry smoothie and it was completely bland and watered down. I had to literally pour sugar into the 'smoothie' to make it taste sweet. They were real strawberries blended together with a sh*t ton of water mixed in. On top of that, it cost me $4!! My friend ordered the mango sweet rice and although it looked very presentable, it didn't taste as great as it looked. The mangoes weren't completely ripe and the rice wasn't soft enough. The pho is great, but everything else was not good at all! I've been to other pho places and their appetizers and pho were great. This place is seriously over hyped due to touristy customers. A good pho place should not only have good pho but also good appetizers (esp. the spring/summer rolls)!
One of my go to places for pho. I think I've been coming here for over 6 or 7 years. Portions are generous, they use a good soup base too. Orders tend to be slow unless you order the common items like Pho, Pork Chop Rice, etc. Their summer roll is pretty good too, I'd recommend it.
I wouldn't call myself a Pho expert by any means but, I've been to quite a few places around Chinatown and this is my favorite. I always order the #7 which is round eye and tendon. The meat is always fresh and plentiful. Standard condiments are given (lime, hoison sauce, bean sprouts).The broth is soooo rich and flavorful, I can immediately smell hints of Cinnamon and Anise. I can't speak on the dining experience since I'm always ordering take out but, I make sure to reheat my broth to make sure the meat cooks to at least medium rare.
this place was pretty solid and was VERY clean compared to many other places in chinatown.  i would return for the rare beef pho and i would gladly try other menu items which looked delicious! staff were pretty attentive and helpful.
Oh this pho soothes my soul. Prices are cheap, they have an array of different food besides pho and the service is prompt. Meat is good in the pho too, and the broth....was divine. Thanks Pho Grand for helping with my hang over!
Pho is one of my favorite foods of all time so I'm confident when I say I've had my share of good bowls. I don't know where these good reviews came from. The broth is laden with MSG; I walked out with a pounding headache. There are usually at least two types of herbs they give you and I knew it was a bad sign when they only gave you basil. Also, there were practically no Asian people other than us. Never a good sign when you're in Chinatown. My best friend also got terribly sick from eating here. Never again. The only thing deserving of stars is the wait staff who were patient and very friendly.
Such great food and service! I never have to wait long! And everyone there is super nice!  :)
Delicious pho! Went here for lunch on a Sunday and got the pho special (number 1 xe lua). The place was packed but we got our food in under 15 minutes. Vietnamese iced coffee is also great. The only weird thing is none of the waiters/staff speak Vietnamese...
Good neighborhood joint, Good vietnamese, that's the point. Good bang for the buck.
ahh--pho. there are few things in the world that i love more than a big bowl of soup and noodles. seriously. i think if i had to eat one last meal before i died, it would be some variation of a soup and noodle. but surely, i digress. pho. it is a staple of all college kids, right up there next to instant noodles and a subway sandwich. any college kid can recount the mystical powers that pho has on that nasty hangover, proving itself time after time. having gone to college and living in LA, i had my fair share of delicious pho places, however, when i moved to NY more than two years ago, i was devastated to find that NY's pho scene no where matched that of the west coast. why?? other big cities, philly, washington d.c., seattle, etc. all had pretty decent pho, yet NY was truly lacking. that is, until i found pho grand, relying of course, on my trusty yelp community =). we trekked over to pho grand yesterday and had a summer roll, pho tai and vietnamese iced coffee. afterwards, i texted all my friends. why? to let them know that i FINALLY found a place that was at least competing in the same league as pho from cali. pho grand's broth was smooth and flavorful, yet did not reek of MSG like most other pho places. the beef came out slightly raw, and cooked to a nice, thin tender bite after soaking in the soup, and the noodles were soft. true, they have lemons instead of lime and they dont have jalepeno slices, but they did have the basic bean sprouts and basil. the rest of our time at the restaurant consisted of slurping noodles, sipping soup, and erratic exclamations of--this is awesome! the soup is delish! im so full! but i cant stop eating!! the true test? hours later, when usually we'd be hit by the msg-induced thirst, both of us were still fine, proving that the broth is indeed flavorful without msg. pho grand, i am already eagerly awaiting the day that we meet again. how's next saturday sound?? recommended dish: pho tai pros: the best pho that i've had in NY so far... cons: not enough basil
What to order: Beef cubes over rice(or fried rice) Pho #1 Spring Rolls What not to order: Have not had anything bad on menu but stay away from generic beef and broccoli and chicken with garlic sauce. Stick to Vietnamese. Overall: This place has changed with the passing time as the neighborhood has changed but food quality remained the same. The decor is calm and great for conversation. The service is great with friendly Asian waiter/ waitresses.  Be sure to order in advance for takeout or you will be waiting for at least 15minutes.
Favorite Vietnamese in NYC! Try the Banh Hoi Ga Nuong - you won't be disappointed.
The Pho was decent, the Spring Rolls were good but I'd have to Agree with Annie T. I like to order in Vietnamese at a Vietnamese restaurant, the waitress looked at me like I was crazy when I asked if she spoke Vietnamese. The overall experience was good, I went with a friend who I've recently turned on to Pho and he was drinking the broth at the end by picking up the bowl! Try Pho Bang, Nha Trang One, or go to Vietnam for the real deal!
I liked the food, plus the prices are reasonable. I would definitely come back.
Perhaps the best pho I've had since my trip to Vietnam.  And for $6.25? This place is amazing! Recovering from wisdom teeth removal surgery, all I was craving was soup! I had the number 13, beef broth pho with grilled pork and oh my god, it was amazing. The pork was crispy, flavorful, overall fantastic. The broth was thin but savory, and the noodles were perfect.  It was difficult for me to chew, but it was so delicious, I ate through the pain. This is MUST have pho.
Very very good. Food is fresh and exceptional. Love this spot, always busy but the staff is always attentive.
I know a thing or two about Pho.  I've eaten it all my life and grew up in California; I've either lived near or visited THE Viet population centers in this country (think Sacramento, San Jose, and Westminster in the OC).   That being said (and probably unnecessarily) this is the best Pho I've had in New York.  I've had a lot of Pho around the Villages and lower Manhattan and most end up bland and overpriced.  The stuff at Pho Grand is pho-cking amazing.  Probably the closest I'll get to what's back home.   Summer and spring rolls were good, but were a little on the small side. When it was all said and done, my buddy spent $20 between the two of us, ordering two large bowls of pho, an order of summer rolls, and an order of spring rolls. When it comes to Pho, opt for out of the way and "family" oriented, and stay away from the hip and trendy.  Definitely recommend this place.
:( Totally got food poisoning from this place. I ordered the usual whenever I go out to a viet restaurant - chicken with rice. It was my fault though because I went in apparently right before they were about to close so they rushed us in taking our orders. The chicken was probably a slight bit undercooked because next thing I know, I wake up the next morning and I am sick to my stomach, throwing up the entire day. I had to chug Gatarade so I wouldn't be dehydrated afterwards. (Sorry for the pretty picture I'm painting) I guess long story short, LEAVE if they try to rush you to order - chicken will most likely be undercooked and then you will feel like death for a week or so after. I'm finally feeling better now, but weird thing is, I never get food poisoning... =/
Cold, rainy day + hungry Janie + pho = Happy Camper :) Had a melon/cantaloupe/mint (don't remember exactly) smoothie too. It was a lot of liquid with the soup but totally worth it.
My parents and baby brother arrived to NYC this morning and they were hungry and so was I. We took the B all the way down to Chinatown in search of cheap yet fulfilling meal. After we got off at Grand St Station and walked a few minutes, the word "PHO" came into sight and we headed there. We ordered a variety of items including the extra large pho ($6.25), some Fried Squid/Calamri dish, Papaya Salad, and some meat dish. The server brought our food pretty quickly. I would like to say the Pho is pretty good here but where were the bean sprouts and the basil leaves that usually accompanies them?? Also, there were no meatballs and just slices of meat which was disappointing. We ordered a second Fried Squid dish cuz it was just too good but this time, the server forgot to bring the rice and we had to let them know we never got the rice on this dish when the first one clearly came with rice. Overall, Pho was pretty good, the Fried Squid/Calamari (I think it was #64a) was DAMN good, the stewed meat was alright. Oh yeah, I tried the avocado shake ($3.50) which was actually pretty creamy and refreshing and had a small amount of avocado aftertaste in a pleasing way. If it wasn't for the missing bean sprouts and basil leaves and the fact that we had to let our server know that we were missing the bowl of rice, it would've deserved 4.5 stars but sorry maybe next time kiddos~
One of my favorite pho restaurants in NYC.
i've been here on a couple of occasions in the past. and both have been horrendous. all i know is the place is pretty small and not clean. i actually found a bug in my tea halfway through drinking the pot  they put on our table. that just plain grossed me out. their food is not particularly delicious either so i'd take my money and experience a better bowl of pho and service elsewhere close by.
I used to love this place so much.  Their Xe Lua pho was the shiz niz.  Key word: was.     The meat "tai" was dangerously red when it came out while the broth wasn't hot enough (not even hot, it was warm) that I prayed while I dunked my meat under that a miracle would let it surface cooked "enough."  The taste of the broth itself has gone downhill and my brisket tasted a bit old...  They also always manage to give my sister the wrong dish. Service always sucked, but now it annoys me because my food is not keeping me satisfied. I am le sad.  =(
3.5 spacious dining room for a cheap Chinatown restaurant I didn't find anything too special about the pho. The broth could have been slightly richer (?) - but it was really comforting and satisfying regardless. the garlicky vietnamese spring rolls (with meat) came crispy and hot. the filling was so flavorful - i will never look at a spring roll the same way again the grilled pork chop with rice (plus other "side dishes" that came with the dish) was a hearty plate of food- some sort of smokey chop that was cured beforehand. didn't care much for the side dishes.
The pho here is pretty good and it definitely hit the spot on a cold day, especially with a few jalapenos in it. My boyfriend and I both got the large combo bowl (featuring 6 different cuts of beef) and liked it. I am used to a large pho being a bit larger than the serving here, but this was actually a very manageable serving and I was able to finish it (no leftovers, boo!). The broth was good but could've been richer. The noodles were yummy. I would've enjoyed lime on the side instead of lemon and a little fish sauce on the table would've been nice as well. The summer rolls were also tasty. My boyfriend liked them so much he got a second order after we split our first. Yummy peanut sauce, of course. All of the stir-fried dishes coming out of the kitchen looked really tasty... I'll be back to try those and for another bowl of pho. As an aside, the decor here was much better than I expected... no formica, no harsh fluorescent lighting. It's wood-paneled and pretty nice,
I love this place.   I go about twice a month, but only when it's cold out as Steaming hot Pho in the winter does a fat belly good, deliciosa.   Also, I create a special concoction of hot sauces to eat with the Pho which basically burns my mouth and face off, but I love it.   I start turning into an animal after the first few gigantic spoon fulls of noodles, beef, and broth get slathered into my mouth which can only fit half of it, as I slurp the rest like some sort of creature with eyeballs watering, nose and sinuses running.  I always need tissues when I'm there, cuz it's a complete nasal cleansing.  I probably look like some idiotic unschooled Pho eater, but I dont give a damn cuz my goodness its pure glory.  But if you want to do it right, burn your face off with the hot sauce concoction, for champions.  Lately I always get the number 6 pho, and a small or large number 20 spring rolls.  They start it off reeeaaaallll Niiiiice, but wrap it in the lettuce like ya mama told ya to.
Their big bowl pho is the best. Generous amount of meats in the huge noodle soup bowl with the perfect broth. I developed my taste for pho in vietnam and this is the closest taste i've tried around here. I couldn't even finish the rice noodles cuz the meats just filled me up. We also got this pork wrap something that we had no idea how to eat. We decided that we should wrap the shredded pork with the rice cake sheets which was filled with grounded pork again, and that was confusing. But it tasted very good.
Pho SURE!!!.....Pholicious!!!....ok...I could go on all night!.....just got back from 2 days of a foodie  Chinese New Year Celebration!...so after the Parade we were starving.....as usual!...so I suggested Pho Grand as we were close by and I had bookmarked it....well...it was packed!...but we waited and we were handsomely rewarded with delicous food!...I ordered the #1 Xe Lua...beef pho with all type of parts!....Mark got # 48 Bun Bo Lui...this tasty grilled beef with lettuce on vermicelli...YUMMO!!...his nephew our foodie in training got # 17b chicken soup with veggies....with the most delectable broth...our other friends got the curry chicken and  grilled pork and soup.....oh...and let's not forget the pork and chive dumplings and spring rolls we had as apps....and most tasty was the grilled pork!...I wanted to slap my momma!...and if you go please get the #33 Vietnamese beer...its $3.25 for a big bottle!......and Ladies listen to this...the BATHROOM IS HUGE AND CLEAN!!...it even has like this air freshner blowing on you!....PHO GRAND is GRAND!!!!!
there I was... New York city.. the morning after my birthday celebration. Worst.Hangover.Ever. I start combing yelp for a pho place. Not just any pho place... I need medicinal pho as I had big plans for the night and I wasn't going to let something silly like nausea, headache and general wishes of death ruin them. Pho Grand got me back on track. Pho Grand was a little plain but nicely adorned (their pho is $6... what do you want, a 16 foot tall Buddha?) and the service was extremely prompt refilling my water every 15 seconds as I tried in vain to rehydrate myself. Whats important: The pho was spectacular and my buddy's plate of... I don't know...entrails or tripe or whatever the hell it was.. well, he loved it. This place was fantastic and I cant wait to go back hopefully feeling better next time.
my go to pho place.  i don't know why, but sometimes i just crave pho.  maybe i just like the animal goodness of the broth.  it's always been consistently good here.  also, the temperature is always right -- nice and hot!  i hate it when you get a luke warm bowl and the meat does not properly cook when they are immersed in the broth.  this place has yet to disappoint!  good job!!
The pho broth was murky and lacked flavor from the spices. They offered grilled chicken and grilled pork pho. Who does that?! They also gave lemon wedges instead of lime and there were too many hipsters eating in there, which is probably why this place has 4 stars (unbelievable!). I should have known better the minute we walked in! The summer rolls were rubbery and the che ba mau was called Rainbow Ice (what?) with beans that were undercooked. I also spied the table next to us who ordered eggrolls (spring rolls). It was not fried properly - still white-ish instead of nicely golden. They needed to fry it longer. Did I mention I'm Vietnamese and grew up in Little Saigon in Westminster, CA? So yes, I know good, authentic Vietnamese food. This place had a poster up that read Top 100 Chinese Restaurants. Sigh. Chinese people (not even Vietnamese-Chinese) trying to make Vietnamese food. Thumbs down.
Personally my favorite Vietnamese place in the city.Best Pho in the city!!!
Very low key and casual. The food there was great. And the prices was decent. The servers were really nice and attentive.  I ordered Pho and summer rolls and they both were delish.
i'm obsessed i can't stop help meee
I went there last year and it was OK...  When I went this time, the menu expanded and the entire staff was no longer Vietnamese but Chinese...  The menu had more Chinese items in it and the Pho was horrible...  It was greasy beyond belief and didn't have that refreshing taste to it...  I don't know what type of broth it was...   That's kind of scary when you don't know how they made the broth...   Never again will I go...  The decor was getting worse and worse as well...
You can't ever beat the prices at a Vietnamese establishment, and my non-Asian friends couldn't resist ordering every single dessert on the menu after seeing how little the bill was.  Great pho and standard Viet fare. Don't try to get creative and order the non-traditionally Vietnamese dishes (like I did - tofu and veggie stir fry), not because they aren't good (they're passable), but because you will get intense order envy once the pho arrives.  Salty plum soda (a risk, on my part) was seawater-salty and hard to drink, but avocado shake was delicious.  Out of all the desserts, the fried banana was the winner, both in quality and quantity, although the flan was quite good too.  The service is a bit shoddy - our waiter practically threw our silverware at us, and seemed impatient for us to leave even though empty tables abounded. We received the check before we were given a chance to order dessert, as well.  In short, it just seems that they don't really expect you to linger - to them it's: order, plates down, food out, food in, plates out, pay the check, vamos.  As a lazy group of 6, we weren't quite that efficient...
There are a few things that will get me to cross the Williamsburg Bridge due to a craving. The list is as follows: (he sits contemplating reasons why he actually goes into the city, and can't think of anything other than) Pho Grand. Honestly their Pho is fantastic, the portions are HUGE, it's super cheap, and it's almost always just empty enough for me to satisfy my need for a heaping bowl of meat and tasty broth. Just go there.
Pork Chop, Broth, soft Spring Rolls
I've been to about 10 different  Vietnamese places around New York, and this one is definitely my favorite, and has the best prices!   I used to come here every week and always got the Pho and summer rolls. The beef in the soup is super fresh and tasty, so are the rolls! And basically everything else I've tried here tastes great... However ever since I've moved to Flushing I've been stuck with the Vietnamese places there, which actually suck. The pho is so unappetizing and the beef has some weird slimy stuff on top+ smells weird.. it's impossible to eat it without drowning it in sauce. And I've given up on ordering summer rolls anywhere else because the shrimp also has a very unpleasant smell... So I was very happy that I could come here again after a long time and finally have a good bowl of Pho without over thinking about how to make it taste better... lol
really decent pho, maybe the best ive had in manhattan.  yes, i know all you pho crazies out there will say there is better pho in queens or philly or los angeles or whatever.  but, hey, i like in manhattan and when i want good pho i cant get to philly so screw you.  this is good pho and authentic vietnamese in a little run down, dirty place just like it should be.
My go-to pho restaurant in Manhattan!  Every time I've been, I'm never disappointed.  They can get crowded on the weekends during dinner time.  I some how always end up at a table right next to the door and it's always freezing. I always recommend the beef flank steak pho (#10) as I'm not a fan of rare steak or tendons.
pho was really good.  noodles were cooked perfectly, not too mushy, not too hard (very QQ).  and really cheap! stirfried chinese broccoli was good with lots of garlic.  they added a bit of sugar, which was different.
We went there twice in the recent past. The highlights are the Vietnamese coffee and the flan which I loved for dessert. Me being a vegetarian the grapes are sour as I only get to eat boiled veggies in a soup. i.e. My husband liked the dish that he ordered. We might go back with family and friends whenever we are in the neighborhood.
good portions. beef slices cooked exactly the way vietnamese noodles should be cooked. i am hooked. saying goodbye to nam son vietnamese restaurant a few doors done. pho grand - see you again very soon!
Wow the portions are so big and the pho is so smooth. The texture is just right and so is the flavor of the broth.
hands down the BEST seafood Pho and we always enjoy having Salt & Pepper squid Yum!!
A great destination until I find out about a superior pho place. So far Pho Grand has it all: great menu selections, faithful pho (broth is nice), friendly staff. I really dig the fact that there are some legit Thai options on the menu, and will have to go back for stuff that isn't the pho there. The Pho, with beef round, tripe, and various tendons is ensconced in a light but powerfully mature broth without being oily, muddy, or off-colored (Pho broth takes a long time to develop flavor, and I think those three offenses are common missteps). I also had my first Durian shake there. They went light (or too heavy???) on the condensed milk in the shake. Well also, Durian does tend to smell like baby ass, so I'm sure that didn't help. However, I still finished it, and there is a fondness there to the fact that sometimes stinky things in food have profound pleasures. Cheese is a great example. The stinkier the more flavor (as the French say). Durian may not be one of these things--the smell is met by a very very subtle sweetness and flavor not unlike super light papaya. I took home some braised chicken stew to have the next day over rice. That stuff definitely is hearty and filling, like in a sit at home snow blizzard kind of way. **EDIT** while decent, I am downgrading this place to fight yelp rating inflation, and that Chicago pho is kicking NYC pho's butt
While the taste was good, the Pho broth was cold. Don't waste money for Goi Cuon, all lettuce.
Let me preface this by saying that this is my first pho. I didn't have high expectations for a really brothy, thin soup, but it was definitely better than expected. I should also say, before I talk about the food, that I was more than pleasantly surprised to find the 'A' rating (health-code) smack on the front of the door. I ordered the vietnamese spring rolls and the grilled pork pho (#13). The spring rolls were good, but in retrospect I should've skipped them because the pho was enough food. The grilled pork was EXCELLENT! It was sweet and sorta sticky and sliced real thin. I tore it up and added it to the pho. The pho was pretty good, and the longer it sat the better it tasted. By the time I got to the end, I wished I hadn't had the spring rolls so I could fill up on the soup. I would definitely recommend this place to a first-timer!
One of the best Vietnamese restaurants in the city. They recently underwent a renovation, probably due to how bustling they've become over the last couple of years.  Not sure what people's palates are that gave them bad reviews, but I've been here at least a dozen times in the six months and never walk away unsatisfied.  If you like Viet, and you can accept Chinatown level service (fast but not always friendly), you should not be disappointed.  Their grilled meats are great and the pho is delicious.  if you're like me, and can't decide what to have, have a grilled meat over pho.  you get the best of both worlds.  Their meat portions are a little inconsistent, hopefully you don't get shafted.  Their beef cube fried rice is awesome. The spring rolls are also very good.  I usually don't venture too far from the mainstays of Viet, but I did do so last week.  Had the curry chicken. Have to say I was disappointed in that. Stick to their bread and butter, the grilled meats and the pho.
So I came back to try some other dishes and was disappointed in a few things .. #1) the waiters don't speak ENGLISH nor VIETNAMESE .. this is a VIETNAMESE establishment isn't it? it makes it almost impossible to ask questions/order ... #2) the Banh Cuon was terrible! the rice flour crepe is supposed to be come out thin but this dish was thick, mushy, and on top of that, BLAND .. #3) I had forgotten that I didn't like the Bun Thit Nuong (grilled pork vermicelli) ... first time I've ever had this dish where they were cheap on the vermicelli (and even still, they were cold/hard/dry) .. and the pork slices were thin and dry #4) this place is inconsistent and probably better on the weekends (different cook?) .. for instant my favorite seafood on crispy noodles was without any SAUCE once! #5) the green papaya salad is an ABSOLUTE FAIL in every way imaginable .. doesn't resemble Vietnamese papaya salad in any way .. do NOT order this if you love papaya salad (although I do recommend the papaya salad with fried catfish at Sripaphai in Woodside .. to die for) #6) do not order the salt and pepper teeny tiny crabs ... they don't taste that great and were the smallest crabs I've ever seen .. I don't even want to order the pho for fear of being really disappointed .. some highlights are: A. the avocado sinh to (shake) but ask for extra condensed milk otherwise it won't be remotely sweet .. B. seafood on crispy noodles .... BUT MUST HAVE THE GRAVY/SAUCE .. but how can I ask the waiter to ensure that it comes out right? I cannot .. refer to #1 C. a $2 plate of deliciously charred and succulent pork chops .. will have to come back and try other dishes although it's risky! but don't have many options as NYC fails when it comes to vietnamese dining.. this review should've gotten a 2-star  but just couldn't bring myself to it ):
This is my place for Vietnamese.  The summer rolls with shrimp (peanut sauce) is amazing along with their pho.
My favorite and everyone I introduce it to whether it's delivery to my house or taking them to the restaurant they love it. I'm a fan of their pho any kind, advocado milk shakes, and their iced tea... so good.. the only recent slip up they had was this past Saturday when I ordered... they came in an hour, my pho was luke warm and I had to reheat it myself. Other than that they're usually on time (30 minutes to deliver), and quick to seat you, quick to serve you.
Good and reliable food. The service is creative. Vegetarian bun is yummy, and so is the Chinese tofu with Vegetables. Spring rolls were great. They also have Malaysian tofu, but it does not come with vegetables, so I haven't tried it.
Pretty decent fare, though I didn't find it to be unusually inspiring.  But maybe I'm spoiled having lived in SoCal for 12 years.  The flavors were nice, but not popping with heat/spice/herbs or other attributes I like in really good Vietnamese. Overall, mellow but priced well.
Are there any Vietnamese run pho shops in the City?  Because the Chinese ain't doing it right.  The beef broth is always too sweet (I'm fairly sure this is all the MSG); lemon wedges cut the broth wrong - please use lime; never enough Thai basil; awful cuts of beef; and the vinegar onions never sit long enough.  I could go on about the lack of service but the food is just atrocious - they can't even get the nuoc mam right!  What a poor excuse for a Vietnamese restaurant.
After reading all the reviews on Yelp, I had really high expectations. The high expectations failed me right here. We got here around 1 or 2PM on a Saturday afternoon, and I thought the service would be rather fast since lunch crowd has ceded. I was wrong. The waitress took her sweet time instead. We only ordered a spring roll, one grilled chicken pho and my husband ordered the rice vermicelli with grilled pork. The spring roll was really good. It was not your ordinary spring rolls. It was extra crispy with more stuffing. It comes with grean leaf to wrap with and dip in the sweet sauce. Then, it took a while after my husband got his entree, the grilled chicken over rice noodles. It looked kind of plain. The noodles itself only have some pickled carrots and cucumber on top. There was no peanut sauce. The grilled pork was pretty tasty though. So, I waited another 15 minutes for my entree while I saw some other customers who came after me got theirs. I was already impatient and the lady didn't even apologize nor explain why my dish, seemingly easy, took so long. I wondered if they needed so much time for my chicken. So the dish came and she didn't even bring me the bean sprouts. Again, I had to ask for the important add-on. Overall, the food was alright but the service was not up to par. I won't come back.
Pho was great. This is my  go to place for Pho in Manhattan.
My girlfriend and I ventured to Chinatown the other night to check out Prosperity Dumpling. Being hungry for a real meal afterwards, we had noticed while en route to Prosperity Dumpling that there was a Vietnamese restaurant that was particularly packed and decided to stop in, as we were both really wanting some Pho. I'd actually never had Pho before, but was really wanting to try it, based off what I'd heard and seen. Anyways, we ended up ordering a Vietnamese Spring Roll and two bolls of the Tai Gau - Combination Rice Noodles Beef Soup with Fresh Eye of Round and Brisket. The broth, noodles, beef and all else in the soup were very warming and delicious. Plus, for $5.25 per bowl, you really can't go wrong. I also had a Mango Smoothie, which was pretty good. It was made from real mangos and not some powdered mix. This place is definitely worth stopping by if you're near Grand Street and in the mood for some good Vietnamese food.
This place was pretty good. I gave it three stars, but if I could, I would give it three and a half. It really almost was a four. The wait staff was kind of spaced out, that's why I can't go with the full four. Also we didn't get any water until we were almost done eating. What's up with that?? Anyway, I liked the food at least. The pork dumplings were dope, as was the beef and vermicelli. Some little kid (not Chinese) spoke Chinese at me, and this added to my enjoyment of the dining experience, even though I realize this is a Vietnamese restaurant and not a Chinese one. Thanks Pho Grand.
Pho review only. Beats the hell out of Nha Trang One. The broth has a little more savory taste to it and the beef is a lot better (although they only give you one piece of 'eye round' steak which is the best kind.) Ask for more basil to put in your pho, that's the way I like it! P.S. I am from CA and I am also sick of people whining about how things aren't the same here. Get over it guys.
Solid establishment. My friends and I, on our second Tuesday Night Dinners dinner went down to Pho Grand in search of some broth to warm the heart and soul, and to satisfy the palate. In short, we found what we were looking for. Pho Grand is a restaurant one would perfunctorily pass by, its windows taken up entirely by glaring neon signs. Inside is a long row of tables intersected by a pathway for waiters and delivery men. We sat down and ordered. The spring rolls are not recommended insofar as they are very run-of-the-mill, fried veggie rolls. However, the summer rolls, those refreshing cylinders wrapped in clear rice paper looked Delicious. The dumplings (boiled) were also only mediocre, the dough being of an odd, thick, spongy texture and the innards not being particularly memorable. The 4-stars come from the Pho. for $6.75(.45, .25?) you get a large bowl of beef-based broth (my vegetarian friends asked for vegetable broth, the availability of which our waiter confirmed, but the presence of which remains dubious) with a good amount of rice noodles and depending on what you order, a side plate with meat (I had the pork, which was succulent and flavorful). Great prices and great food make up for the rather sterile and blandly contemporary atmosphere (top 40 hits on the radio, seemingly out of place paintings of coffee drinks in that despicably contrived small-french-cafe style). I even enjoyed the rest of my dinner for lunch today. Pho Grand is grand Pho.
After seeing such great reviews, I finally made my way over here.  The first time I came (months ago), I really enjoyed their broth.  I rarely finish the broth, unless it is worth sipping every last drop, and the first time I was there I did just that.  They also give a good portion of beef (I had the pho tai).  However, the noodles were a bit over cooked.   Since it has been so chilly the past couple of days, it put my friend and I in a pho mood.  We returned today and the pho was not as good as we remembered.  The broth did not come out piping hot and it tasted like it had loads of MSG in it.  The noodles were perfectly cooked this time though.   OVERALL: 3.5 stars Service was decent and so was the goi cuon.  I've had better pho and even though they are not consistent, I would still definitely return for a pho fix.  After all, it's only $5.25 for a bowl of noodle soup.  Oh, I almost forgot to mention that they always overload the bowls with noodles.  So for those noodle heads out there that prefer extra rice noodles over broth, this is your place.
Only had the pho - but so far the best pho I've had.  Now that could be a good or bad thing depending on how you perceive the pho here but I really really liked it.  First, the broth was nice and beefy.  Its not that thin weak kind where you can see to the bottom of the bowl.  It is this nice brown murky broth where you can see its more than just mildly flavored water.  And the meats were amazing.  It was succulent and cooked just perfectly.  The pho comes with bean sprouts, basil leaves, and lemon.  You can add as much sriracha and hoisin as you want.  I didn't need to as the broth was so flavorful I didn't want to risk adultering its flavor.  I have no complaints for this place at all and would gladly come here again!
I'm SO HAPPY a friend recommended this place, finally an AMAZING pho place in NYC that compares to my fav place (pho 99) in LA. The pho broth is AMAZING, noodles a great consistency and well, what else do you need to make good pho. The fried rice was actually pretty good too. I will for sure be a regular here. Amazing....NOM!
This is just another run of the mill Vietnamese restaurant that offers bland Pho.  Do not order the Ca Kho To (caramel fish).  This is the biggest ^**&^% rip off I've ever experienced in a Vietnamese restaurant.  The dish had 4 bits size or medallion sized salmon that is about 1/2 inch thick with some sweetened soy sauce and they have the guts to charge $8.95. The salmon is not sushi quality salmon, just typical Chinatown farm raised salmon. This dish showed the French side of their tradition. I didn't bother to complaint.  I will just yelp about it and not re-patronize the place.
Pho still is on of my favorite noodles to review in my Great Noodle Search of Manhattan list. I'm glad to say that Pho Grand came through.  We ordered the Pho Tai Nam and the Seafood Pho.   Both were delicious.  The broth was quite nice, just salty enough to seep through all of the delicious fillings. The beef is the right consistency and not overdone.  It didn't require additional cilantro.  It just tasted wonderful.   The broth is slightly better at Pho Pasteur, but the noodles are better here and the overall taste is nice.   The spring rolls were solid.  Nothing special to write home about but adequate.   There was plenty of seating, as this place has a cute nook in the back.  Service was solid.  The did seem to use lemon instead of lime, but everything else was good.
cozy place to pop in on a snowy new york day... my bf and I both ordered the small combination pho since I had a pho craving and really needed something to warm up my freezing body... first off... let me say that the pho here did satisfy my craving... either than that... it was okay...  pho noodle was way overcooked, and the broth was very bland.  when the server brought out the vegetable dish to accompany the pho, there were just a very few sprigs of basil and a pile of bean sprouts (where are the cilantro, culantro, lime, and maybe extra basil???!!)... maybe it's because I grew up in a family where my mom cooked pho every week, so I know what pho is supposed to taste like... for those who's ever traveled to new orleans, you know most pho joints there are always at least good...but this pho was okay at best...i really don't agree with the other reviewers who give this place 3 or more stars.  so...if you're just out of town and want to find a quick pho joint, this would do...but i can't imagine being a local who goes here regularly to eat pho... my advice is to find a better place because pho is suppose to taste better!! now... the bf and I also ordered a pork chop plate to share.  yes, we were hungry!  (food normally tastes great when a person is hungry, so that just means the pho was actually not okay at all hence my complaining...)  anyways, the pork chop was  actually really good and tasty!! it made me regret wasting my stomach room on that pho.   lastly....really really cheap price!  2 small combination pho + 1 pork chop plate + 2 teas = $17.15 !!!  can't beat that!! so... 2 stars for good pork chops and cheap bill!!!
Ok, it's been almost a year since I've been here. Oh man, I am such a fan! I was dreaming of this place.  Wow, I can't describe how great pho is on a winter day.  Perfect Meal? I think so! This time I got the #2 Pho and it was great!  My boyfriend ended up getting #6 which was really good as well. The broth, the meat, the add-ins, are so great.  How can something this good be so cheap?  We got 2 large bowls of pho, and an appetizer and our total was around $18...that's pretty great. Pho Grand, Pho Grand, Pho Grand...I loveeee you!
Though a little touristy at times, this is my favorite pho spot in the whole city. Best noodles, great broth, fast service, excellent Vietnamese coffee. Love, love, love their chicken. So tender and flavorful. Nothing beats a hangover or a cold day like a big bowl of Pho Grand's pho!
Pho was decent, but not amazing. Cheap for NYC though. Perhaps I was expecting more from all the reviews and that NYC's Chinatown would be amazing. The broth was a bit lacking. I ordered a large, but the bowl that came out seemed pretty small. I'm from Seattle though so perhaps I'm just spoiled with the Chinatown portions there. As a side note, it's a bit confusing as the restaurant says "Vietnamese restaurant" right underneath the name whereever it's placed. However, there's a bunch of signs and banners in the restaurant that say "best Chinese restaurant" from some company. The waiters were all Chinese too as I found out when I tried to order my pho in Vietnamese. Perhaps the cook is Viet as the bill came out with the dishes written in Vietnamese.
Good Vietnamese food, very convenient to the Grand St. D/B train stop.  Pho dishes seemed to have more meat in them than other Viet restaurants in the area.  Spring/summer rolls and bun (noodle) dishes are also good.  Good variety of condiments at the tables, including sliced jalapenos and fish sauce.
A group of 13 came in on a Sunday and we were seated right away, we got here around 11am right before the lunch rush and they put tables together and made us very comfortable.  The waiter was patient with us and very attentive; our glasses were always filled.  We did not feel rushed but very comfortable throughout our meal. The pho was delicious piping hot and incredibly cheap.  A huge bowl that will keep you full for a long time ran between $5-$7! Incredible.
About as good as it gets food-wise.
There isn't really much to say that hasn't already been said! This place is the best! They're so cheap and so filling at the same time. They're really fast and clean, which is often questionable when it comes to Viet restaurants in Chinatown. They also have extra room in the back that can fit up to 25 people. Large spaces are the best! Their summer rolls are by far the best that I've had in Chinatown - hands down.
Awesome beef pho! Their sauces are super tasty. So glad we found this place in our neighborhood. The price is right too.
This review is for the Big Bowl only. Being from Los Angeles, it seems like the Asian food in the East Coast is always not as good as the ones in the West Coast, but I had one of the best phos I have had in a long time at Pho Grand - The Big Bowl. The size, soup, types of meat, were all perfect, all for $6.50.  The quality of the beef brisket was comparable to the ones you find at Japanese BBQ, seriously, that's how surprise I was, and there was at least 5 slices of them in the bowl.   I will return any day just to have the Big Bowl, period.
Best pho house in NYC.
Don't get me wrong, the prices are right and the service is as good as it could be, considering how busy it is.  The wait wasn't as long as one would think based on the line that was almost out the door.  It seems like a pretty clean restaurant, and the wall decor was so out of place that it made us giggle.  These things are all good things. I know, you're thinking, 'Then why did you give it 3 stars, you stupid jerk?' Well I ate here on a double date with 3 people who all thoroughly enjoyed their meals.  Some of the beef in my Pho was nice and tender, and the noodles were tasty.  That being said, I thought the brisket was very fatty, and the pork & chive dumplings had some unpleasant gristle.  I would definitely go back and give this place another try though.  (So stop yelling at me!)
I've eaten here three times in the last week and can't wait to return. Pho's dishes have a freshness--a brightness in flavoring and texture--that not only are delicious, but have me salivating as I write this review. Love the BYOB policy. Service is friendly, helping me to navigate the wide array of choices. Hmm, maybe I can make it there for lunch today.
Went on a Sat night and found street parking and was seated quickly in the back part of this surprisingly large place. Service came quickly and was very friendly. I shared the beef ball pho as a starter and took the rest home. I started with the shrimp summer roll, 2 thick rice paper rolls stuffed with whole shrimp, etc served with a delicious hoisin peanut dipping sauce. For dinner I ordered the grilled beef bun, a large portion of room temp rice noodles and 6 pieces of grilled beef stuffed with a lil bit of grilled onion and topped with peanuts and served with the traditional dipping sauce (I love to mix it with sriracha hot sauce and pour it over) but only got bean sprouts and lemon on the side instead of lime and basil too. It was very good, tender and flavorful though. My mom got the grilled pork w/ white rice, it was also very tasty and tender. The prices were def right at about $6.50-$7 each! The only disappointment came when we got home and noticed that the pho was considerably less than what we gave them to bring home, we are still wondering about that. Overall, great food at excellent prices and very good friendly service. Would def go back.
Went on a Monday afternoon, place was 70% full and got seated quickly.    Food arrived quickly, then I was ignored until I went to get my own check. Ordered the summer rolls (standard-good) and the papaya salad (godawfull!). It was bitter and lacked any good flavor -not edible, and I will generally eat anything that I have paid money for. Still hungry after my meal of summer rolls I was tempted to order a bowl of pho which the table next to me seemed to be enjoying. However it felt wrong to give more money to a restaurant which had thus far served me poorly in food AND service. Will not return or recommend.
This is a pretty good place and very affordable. I like that it's clean (even the bathroom) and has very fast service. There's a lot of seating as well some in the front right when you walk in the door and some in the back. No compliants here, the service isn't the warmest isn't but they are efficient in getting me everything I want quickly. What I Ate: 9. Fresh Eye of Round (Raw) & Brisket: $5.50 for small Tái Gâu with beef broth noodle soup
Best pho in NYC! I got the Pho Grand specialty (brisket?) and it was delicious.
I was hoping for more when I came here. They are fast and attentive and it's a pretty large Vietnamese restaurant but I was mislead by all the yelp reviews. Its just an average place guys. My pho broth was not hot enough for my liking. I would not walk the extra block on Grand st. for pho here.
pho with eye of round was great, but the marinated beef cubes were AMAZING. spring rolls were good, crispy and generously filled. good, fast service, and so affordable!
Well this place is over. Prices have gone up, quality has lagged behind, and hipsters are frequenting it more. Goodbye pho grand....
soup was great and prices are reasonable. recommend.
I ordered the grilled pork chop with, shredded pork, and crab cake, Pork chop was lacking in flavor and was very hard to chew. It wasn't even marinated properly, there was too much honey. The shredded pork was not fresh and soggy. I don't know how this place got into the top restaurants in the US. The prices aren't competitive and they also include tax for takeout. I had a bad experience in the past, decided to give it another try so I'm definitely not coming back here again. There are plenty of better alternatives in Chinatown.
a pho place run by chinese people? top 100 chinese restaurants? makes no sense.  thought it was a vietnamese place.  gave it a try for some pho on a rainy cold day.  its close to the train station.  the pho was alright.  surprised their rare steak was actually rare to let the hot broth cook it.  some places have it precooked which makes it tough.  they really give a lot of meat.  probably more meat than noodle! i like that.  meat is awesome! theres a 15 dollar minimum for credit card so had to quickly order a few more things to make the cut.  the pork cutlet is pretty good and only two bucks.  prices are reasonable.  i think 6.25 for a large bowl.  its not so large though.  can't imagine what the small looks like.  the waitress sat right next to us and was counting her tips.  can't expect too much from an asian place though.  haha.  there is one bathroom in the back so don't expect a short wait.  the waiters are pretty good.  attentive.  the place is decently big.  theres a back with more seats. been to a few other vietnamese places in chinatown where at least the waiters are vietnamese so it feels a little more authentic.
I wasn't sure if I was hungry but I devoured my pho with grilled chicken. I ordered it and my friend picked it up. It came with separate containers, so that the noodles doesn't get soggy. The beef broth was soooo good. It was clear and full of flavor. I added the bean sprout, basil, and lime and it taste like tom yum soup. The grill chicken also taste juicier than the one at Namson. I think I prefer this place better than Namson.
had great memories here as a teen. cheap food, good service. needs a better heater for winter months tho. Everything on the menu is pretty good. Come here for the pho and grilled pork over rice.... yumm!!
How have I not reviewed this place? This is my TO GO pho place in NYC. Coming from Seattle, I crave pho all the time I have yet to find a decent place besides here. The broth has depth, is balanced, and doesn't taste like it's from a can. The rare steak is actually rare! The tendon is soft. Service is quick. I've noticed they have started subbing out lemon for lime (food costs?) which is a bummer but otherwise I have no complaints. A morning after favorite!
I'm no Pho expert- but this place is an awesome spot for dinner in the neighborhood. My first time at Pho- dinner was right on the money and by money- not a lot was spent. This place does not break the bank and the service is fast and very attentive. And although NOT a Pho expert, I can say with authority that the beef and chive dumplings are awesome. If you're looking for a place for a cheap but delicious date- Go here.
THE BEST. I really like the pho bo liu, grilled sesame beef that has that juicy/cooked over fire kind of taste. I was once on a health kick and tried their shrimp salad which was surprisingly good as well... I'd stick to pho though, it's what they do best.
the food is great. yes the food here is pretty famous. they even made their name in the newspaper. BUT if u are like me, who is willing to pay 40% of the price for service, this place is the worst place you can imagine. staff are chinese and don't speak english. better point at the names on the menu and need not talk at all. i understand being a waitor mean you cannot have a seat for more than 5 minutes in a day, but the waitors' attitude in this restaurant. they literally threw our dishes on our table, then walked away like a boss. their service is unacceptable, even for an asian like me. i came there with at least 5 more people, but all of us agreed not to give even $1 for tip due to the baaaad service.
I have been to many Vietnamese restaurants that I know which ones are good and which ones are not worth returning to again. A friend recommended Pho Grand for me to try, so I came here one night with my boyfriend. We came on a Friday night and surprisingly it wasn't too crazy. Decor is similar to many other Vietnamese restaurants I've been to before. I was amazed by how big and spacious Pho Grand is and that there's additional seating in the back. For appetizer, we ordered the Vietnamese spring rolls. These were crunchy and piping hot. Fried to perfection and tasty! My boyfriend ordered his usual - Pho Xe Lua and oh man, it smelled insanely good! I couldn't resist and just had to take a sip of that broth and gosh, it was amazing and just delightful! I'll have to order that to myself next time. I absolutely love rice vermicelli at a Vietnamese restaurant because it's so simple yet so delicious! I ordered the Spring Rolls & Grilled Beef over Rice Vermicelli. It was accompanied with a bowl of sweet, tangy Fish sauce too. I enjoyed my rice vermicelli very much. Overall, I really liked Pho Grand. Service was quick and on point. The food was great and prepared very well. I didn't quite try the Pho Xe Lua or any of their noodle soups, so will definitely need to revisit and try their noodle soups.
Worst Vietnamese restaurant and service in the entire city!! My summer roll with rice vermicelli noodles was an epic failure. The spring rolls were midget sized and the noodles were on a flat plate. Seriously? Where's the vegetables and pickled goods? Quality definitely decreased over the years. If you go with a larger group, beware. Orders will get mixed up! Never want to be back there again!
I'm originally from LA and good Vietnamese food in NY is not comparable. I've searched far and wide... even ventured out to Queens, only to be disappointed. That being said, if I'm in the mood for pho, Pho Grand is my top choice. The other dishes there I'd highlight are the banh hoi thit nuong (tiny rice sticks with grilled pork), ga nuong (grilled chicken), and maybe the cha gio (spring rolls) although they're pretty small. Everything I've ventured outside of that has been lackluster. Not surprising for a Vietnamese restaurant where no one even speaks Vietnamese. It's in the middle of Chinatown, the service is quick, it's clean, and there's never much of a wait. It's become a regular for me.
I have mixed, but very strong feelings about this place. The soup base for the pho #1 was really, really flavorful.  It was the best-tasting so far in sad Manhattan, when it comes to real Vietnamese food.  But where was the cilantro?  Where were the thin slices of onion? Where was the lime (lemon doesn't count!). And why the heck are there no thinly sliced green hot peppers? Ah, as noted by others, this place is run by Chinese people.  Which is absolutely fine, because there are lots of Chinese-Vietnamese people in Vietnam.  Except the wait staff was speaking Mandarin!  That's as far from Vietnamese as you can get in Asia.   Going onward...the order of spring rolls was pathetic.  Spring rolls are deep fried in oil, so why the heck are they white?!  You gotta deep fry them longer until they're golden brown, you idiots!  The accompanying fish sauce mixture however was amazing...they actually used lemons instead of the typical white vinegar.  That's a detail missing at most places. I also got an order of the vermicelli with grilled pork and spring rolls to go.  It was painfully pathetic.  It lacked flavor, and the spring rolls were white again.  They also added these little pickled onions with the vermicelli.  Pickled onions are very Chinese...what a dead giveaway. I'd come back for the pho, maybe.  But a 3-star rating is really generous here. Also, it happened that the day I went, nearly 80% of the clientele was hipsters.  Ugh.  And they're quite noisy people to boot.
It's quite difficult to find good Vietnamese food in New York, but Pho Grand got my vote for #1. Not mind-blowing, but it's an acceptable bowl that my parents would approve. Their other dishes such at the beef cubes over rice are quite delicious as well. Low key, good service and clean. Thumbs up.
This place came highly recommended by a friend of mine.  He has had his fair share of Vietnamese, so I trust his opinion, and was eager to try it. I will admit that I am no expert on pho, but I enjoyed my lunch time experience here a lot. The place is pretty cozy, and they serve you tea with your meal!   The service was spotty, sure, but the pho was satisfying.   One thing:  Be careful what appetizers you order.  We ordered this one dish, and the "meat" component reminded me of the pale, mystery meat that haunts high school cafeterias.  My friend assured me that it was "ok, as long as you dowse it in fish sauce."  I'm a brave eater, so I tried it, but I did not agree at all.  The taste was indescribable, and actually became the butt of most of our afternoon jokes that day.  I guess something good can be found in everything!
Finally found fresh, delicious vegetarian pho near work! They serve it with a mountain of bright veggies and extra firm tofu. So full...
They just renovated, which means they now have nice bathrooms and a back dining room that's a bit classier than the main space. The food remains the same: Chinese influenced Viet - delicious and inexpensive. Many times I've eaten here and it's been the most perfect place in the world, to me. Their delivery has been a joy: fast, satisfying and (again) inexpensive. This is a five star joint in my world, but in the interest of writing realistic reviews I will keep my four star rating for Pho Grand. Put it on your list and decide for yourself.
GREAT PLACE!!! i cant ask for more !! great food, great service and cheap!!
Pho Grand is grand! Ever since the day I arrived at my beloved Pho So 1 to discover that its subterranean gate had been forever closed, I've been lost in a dark and hazy, pho-less world.   Oh, I've hit up a bunch of the other Chinatown/Little Italy joints.  They're passable.  But all of them left me wishing I could've just gone to Pho So 1.  At one, the Pho tasted like canned Campbell's chicken noodle soup; at another the spring rolls were a chewy stale greasy mess; at yet another the grilled meat perched atop the bun was lackluster (and what is bun without masterfully grilled and seasoned meaty goodness?). At Pho Grand, my gentleman friend and I had a "brunch" to heal our hearts from the passing of our former favorite. The Pho was rich and spicy and flavorful, just as it should be.  The spring rolls may have been the best I've ever had.  The grilled pork dish we got (make-your-own lettuce wraps with grilled pork and a creped made of supertiny rice noodles, plus accoutrements) was bursting with the juicy, perfectly cooked, sweet and smokey flavor I've come to associate with Vietnamese food.  Dipping sauces were right on.  AND the price was just as it should be, $22 total (minus tip) for a feast for two. I still miss Pho So 1, but since they are gone and there is nothing I can do about it, I'm overjoyed to have found Pho Grand.   Now, if only I could get a banh mi here as well, I'd give them a fifth star.
It was a humid NYC night in Chinatown when I came to the Bowery side of Chinatown. The stank of old garbage almost cancelled out the rotting fish smell from the scary fish places. A barefoot child walked down the street with his shoe wearing family (I am not kidding). And right smack in the middle of summer Chinatown scariness is Pho Grand. So good! We waited for about 30 minutes on a weekday night for a table of 5. It was worth the wait. The food isn't fine dining but the prices are right and you really get a bang for your buck. We paid about twenty bucks a person for beer, lots of apps and entrees. Get the Porkchop appetizer. Actually, get like 4 of them. So good. We had crab and cream cheese appetizers (basically crab rangoon) which were mainly lots of fried and not a lot inside. Spring rolls were ok. But everything is so inexpensive you don't feel too bad if something isn't your favorite. The Pho, as pho usually does, comes in giant portions. Now that I have tasted West Coast pho I can say nothing this side of the US compares, but Pho Grand is still solid NYC pho. We also ordered a squid and pea pod entree. It was a bit meh. I would stick to apps and Pho. I could come back for that stinking Porkchop. Seriously.
So I've been coming to this place for quite some time now and never knew it was rated as one of the best places for Pho in the city. I was around the area, and decided to stop in today. I think the hype made it all sad today, but it was still a pleasant time. Pho here IS good, but it's not mind-blowing. I do have to say that the soup has a heartier/healthier taste to it though, and not OD on salt. The noodles are SOFTER (not overcooked) than most places, but they can adjust to what you like. Everyone has their own style, and theirs just happens to be softer noodles. The meat somehow stands out a little too, like defrosted/fresh to the right point. Heard reviews about the Grilled pork being good, but meh. It's alright. I like the grilled beef better. More juicy. Spring rolls here are freshly done, and not re-fried. They are smaller than other places though I think. Not sure if it's really worth the money as an appetizer. Service is pretty standard. You have to flag the waiters down if you need them though, and not all of them know English well. Can get pretty hectic. They've got pretty good business. Decor's ehhhhhhh. Looks like any other Viet place, with the exception that they have another room with seats. Private parties welcomed. I would recommend you coming here maybe out of craving. It's not anything that special. It's decently/cheap priced. It's a good choice if you're around the area. Minus one star: -Overhyped.
Hungover? Well Pho Grand has the cure. Food here is on point and service is impeccable. This is also my go to spot whenever I am craving pho, whether with a large group or small. Once I came with10+ people and ordered like it was our last meal on earth. The restaurant doesn't actually have a 10+ table set up, so we waited a bit for them to put the tables together. The waiter was very friendly and never once forgot who ordered which dish. It was pretty amazing as he had it all memorized. Things to try would definitely be the no.1 Pho dish on the menu, summer rolls, curry soup, and grilled beef. With that said, this place is great for all group sizes.
We had Calamari as an appetizer. There was a lot there and it was very tasty.   I had the spring roll and grilled pork in rice vermicelli. The pork was thin sliced almost like bacon.  It was very good. Big portions and the spring roll was excellent. Others in my party had (they said all great): Big bowel; brisket, navel, frank , tripe tenon and eye of round. Grill pork soup. I also had a Fresh lemonade w. Soda. It was a very good deal. I would think some of the best food for the price in Manhatten. That is of course if you are looking for Vietnamese food.
I've now been to Pho Grand enough to form an opinion ...and I pretty much adore Pho Grand. With fast service, ample seating, great prices, and oh yeah, SOLID pho--FANTASTIC! While their pho is well, grand, my favorite part of eating at this joint is their amazingly flavorful spring rolls! Really impressive stuff and perfect with some vermicelli if you aren't in the mood to get overheated. I'd recommend the this homey restaurant to anyone and very much look forward to returning.
Good Cheap Very nice delivery guy Got what we ordered Bad Super slow delivery Taste is good, but a bit "blah"
Credentials first: from NY, have eaten at at least 100 Pho joints over the years in more than 10 states, and am the author of the first ever Jewish-Cajun cookbook ever written. This pho rates an 8 on my somewhat skewed and inaccurate scale of what pho should be. Delicious broth and brisket, noodles yada yada. However, Pho Grand loses points for not having any veggies in the soup.. you know, the little  pieces of scallion, cilantro and other stuff - not there. If it was I'd be giving five biggies to Pho Grand. In other words, this Pho was the shit, even tho it was a little bit away from Pho perfection.
I personally think this is the best Pho in NYC.  I've tried all the rest, but this has the best beef broth.  I usually order delivery and it's decent, but not nearly as good as dining in since the noodles get to sit in the broth much longer.  I recommend the Pho tai (#6). Their regular food is solid as well and I always find myself ordering delivery from here or congee village when I want some asian food with rice options.  The buluclac beef cubes are solid and the grilled beef as an appetizer or meal is tasty as well.
A couple of my friends kept telling me that Pho Grand is their go to place for pho so we decided to skip our regular joints like Nam Son and Thai Son this time and give these guys a try instead. I went with with the no. 1 which comes with rare beef, brisket, tendons and tripe. There is only size for the no. 1 and that's a large sized bowl for $7.50. The flavor of the broth was good -  probably as good as I've had in NY. Lately I've detected an increase in salt content in the broth at Thai Son but I thought theirs was nicely balanced. I also liked that when they say rare, they actually do mean rare as some of beef slices were pretty red. The tendons and tripe were good too. I liked the fixings at Pho Grand more and found my bowl of pho just as satisfying as my two regular joints. Maybe it was my hunger, but I devoured the whole bowl in 10 minutes. We had also ordered spring rolls and those were pretty decent as well though Nam Son/Thai Son's version has more flavor. One of my friends ordered their pork chop over rice dish and it looked great. I think I'm gonna have to give that a try next time.
So my fiance and I LOOOOVE going to a very specific Pho restaurant (Pho 999) in the Valley (So Cal) so we've always compared every Pho place we go to (including ones in Westminster/Santa Ana) to it.  After living in NYC for almost a year, she assured me this place was pretty legit.  I attributed it to her not having had Pho 999 in so long.   So we went there today and the first thing that that threw me off... everyone's speaking Cantonese.  Really?  We get our plate of beans sprouts and... uh... where are the jalapenos??  LEMON slices instead of LIME? WHAT??  Egg rolls wrapped in rice paper??  WHAAA??  Okay... drizzle some hoisin sauce and some of their "homemade" chili into the bowl mix it up and take a sip with some noodles.  Alright.  The broth and the texture of the noddles is legit.  I even liked the egg rolls, even though it didn't come with pickled veggies to add to the lettuce wrap. Since I'm here for a little longer, I think I'll make the trip back here.  Especially on a morning/afternoon after a long nite of drinking.   Pho.  Nature's hangover cure.
Pho Grand's broth has heart and soul. It's an Instant cure for all my ailments and my go to hangover remedy. The staff is attentive and I especially love when they put on the smooth jazz radio station as I slurp my noodles. Hands down my favorite place to get Pho. They are consistent and make me feel at home. Other things to try: Snails Spicy Shrimp tofu Beef cubes I'm curry
I've been coming here for years, and have NEVER had a problem with the quality of the food here, generous portions for a great price.  Their "#1" is far better than most of the places I've tried.  Their pork chops, to die for!  They were closed the last time I wanted some Pho, it looked like they were doing some renovations!   Change is good sometimes =] Happy chowing!
Best mango smoothies and their vermicelli with spring rolls are super yum too! My friends and I came here and ordered a feast and was surprised at how cheap the total bill was. Not the swankiest of restaurants but a great pit stop for some grub on the go in busy Chinatown.
This place has your standard pho, and it is very delicious and always hits the spot on a cold or rainy day. I like that it is smack dab in the middle of chinatown which adds a little authenticity (even though it is Vietnamese). I will definitely be coming back for more.
Honestly I'm really not down with writing these things. But I go here pretty often and as far as I know Pho takes cards. Tonight I wanted a chicken sandwich and when I took my card out I was told they don't take cards. I look down at the machine and back at the man at the register....okay I got money out of their atm. I wait. Get my sandwich and when I got home found a semi long HAIR in my sandwich. Great day.
First, I need to thank Pho Grand for being a beacon of light in the middle of the yet ongoing "snowpocalypse". While about 85-90% of the surrounding restaurants seemed to be shut down, Pho Grand was 100% open for business, and they had plenty of hungry customers waiting. Though the pho broth itself leaves much to be desired, Pho Grand on the whole is pretty solid. I came with two friends and we ordered the steamed pork & chive dumplings, the shrimp summer rolls, and this amazing rolled beef on top of vermicelli noodles dish that we all loved. I think it was number 48, the bun bo lui - delicious! The sauce that came with the dumplings was thinner than the usual dumpling dipping sauces you get, but sweet - we really liked it. I would only suggest that they work on their summer roll composition; we thought there was a bit too much lettuce. Of course, we each ordered a bowl of pho on top of the appetizers. As I started to say earlier, the broth was a bit disappointing. I was also saddened by the lack of mint or basil leaves provided and the fact that we only had lemons and no limes to add to the bowls. But I will say that Pho Grand is very generous with its meat! And of course we were more than happy to pour on the spice to make up for the lack of flavor in the broth. All in all, an inexpensive, solid joint.
Typical Vietnamese restaurant.  Nothing to brag about.  Decent foods, and prices.  Service is good.  But the kitchen do has a habit of skimming your foods.  Such as missing mint leafs, pickle scallions, etc.  they intentionally doing this to help keeping their prices low.  Very annoying!
As a total pho lover I finally made it to pho grand after being on my list for over a year, and let me tell you, it didn't let me down! I will definitely be back here time and time again for some cheap, yummy pho. The service is very friendly. The woman who greeted me at the door let me sit down and immediately brought me tea to sip while I waited for my friend. The place was bustling on a Friday night but she was still so calm and welcoming. Always a good place to start! Most importantly, the pho was excellent - very traditional pho with hot, flavorful broth, perfectly cooked noodles, and lean/healthy beef. I got the number 9 I think. My friend had the vegetarian version (sort of vegetarian/with beef broth) and it was filled with tons of fresh vegetables and tofu. She was very pleased. We capped it off with the "fried banana split", which we were curious about from the menu. It was awesome!! I highly recommend it. If you're a pho lover like me, this place won't let you down.
Good service in Chinatown, I'm floored. Pretty refreshing and they even have AC! Its more prevalent with the younger staff (the older gentlemen seemed a bit rougher around the edges) but you'll have a decent time here as long as you aren't being fussy. It's just how the culture is, asking about items on a menu and "why things are the way they are" is annoying to them. It seems to be changing gradually though which is great especially for people who are new to Vietnamese food and are curious. It's decent Vietnamese food. The pho, like everyone says, is a bit bland. I mean it doesn't taste bad or anything but the spices don't come through. It's more like a beef or chicken broth soup and the hoisin and sriracha is a must but it's decent especially if you're craving for pho. Portions are rather big too. I had the bun cha gio thit nuong and that was quite good. They aren't generous with the egg rolls and meat but the meat was very well seasoned and the egg rolls are pretty good. Overall, not bad. I had a good time and the food was good. No big complaints here.
I want to love this place, but the last time I ate there I was violently ill afterward, most likely due to the overuse of MSG in their dishes. I wish my body wouldn't reject this nasty, tasty additive, but my stomach's become a bit of a barometer for culinary cheating the older I've gotten. I've eaten there several times, and tried their grilled pork bun, rare beef pho, grilled chicken on rice, Vietnamese deep-fried rolls, salt-and-pepper spicy crab appetizer, and most recently, their tomyum soup. The last because I had a craving for it, and it was on the menu eventhough to purists one might argue that the dish is more Thai than Vietnamese (an irritating argument, to be sure, given the proximity of the countries). The soup was perfectly balanced and stuffed with flat vermicelli noodles, prawns, thai basil and chunks of pineapple. It was also probably the main culprit in my subsequent stomach rebellion, unfortunately. Regardless, I will most probably return unless I can find a better establishment that uses less MSG, or if this one's willing to accommodate my request.
Nothing cures a hangover better than pho! The best I've had in NYC. The broth at this spot is banging! It was rich and full of flavor. Ordered a #1, it came with so much meat! Dare I say it.. almost too much meat. I think my bowl had more meat than noodles, but I'm not complaining. I was tempted to order a side of pho noodles but resisted the urge and get churn fun after.
Got the original #1. The soup was amazing, but the noodles were lacking. It's also one of the cleaner restaurants in chinatown. Awesome prices as well =). Would come back again.
Super dirty.
I am a pho- head. One day I plan to trek Vietnam just to eat all kinds of pho and I have eaten pho in about 6 countries. I came to pho grand after several sources said it was the best in NYC. Delicious. Affordable. Great service. The waitress brought me a free bowl of more broth and told me how to get what I ordered for cheaper next time! My only complaint is the music they play here. It's bizarre; Katie Perry and Britney Spears and nasty stuff like that on some radio station tat then plays radio commercials. Maybe it's just me but I don't wanna listen to this (ever) but especially when I am eating. I think it's be nice if they played something calmer I.e, not shitty club music- maybe something more traditional or chill. That's why there are four stars. Come eat here. I will add that I went a second time the day after I originally drafted my review and they were playing traditional Asian music that seemed much more appropriate and was much more pleasant so I have changed my rating to 5 stars!
Grabbing lunch in Chinatown should fairly be easy from choices such as Chinese, big wong or viet. My friend picked this place because he heard that the pho here was pretty good. I guess this place is only good for their pho, and maybe that is why my friend ordered that. While I chose the beef stew. I was pretty much upset at what I got. Noodles I got the yellow wonton noodles and not the original pho noodles. And in terms of beef stew I got 4 pieces of beef and no tendon. I guess next time I would try the number 1.
meh. So maybe I'm Vietnamese and can get excellent homemade pho, but there are some details clearly lacking in the execution of the pho at Pho Grand. To start, the thit tai should be sliced WAY thinner than it is here. The Vietnamese have a technique of freezing the meat a little to be able to slice it thinner for a reason. Simple enough. They gave us lemon, not lime as an accompaniment. I mean, really? The broth was OK, but could be more flavorful and complex. Then, moving beyond pho, the cafe sua da (iced coffee) was just off somehow. It definitely was not the right color, which I've recently learned is the key to measuring when certain Vietnamese food items are mixed correctly. I'm giving this an A-OK rating still because it's probably the best decorated and cleanest pho establishment I've been to in Chinatown so far. Some places can be pretty dingy...
Went here for lunch on Sunday. Didn't really want to go, I was more in the mood for dim sum, but our house guest wouldn't walk the few blocks to the dim sum restaurant because she was having anxiety about time. I've been here a few times before and while it's always been consistent, it's not my favorite. We ordered the shredded pork wrap, which didn't seem to have anything in it but lettuce. Very disappointing. We ordered vegetarian dumplings and pork dumplings, both of which were good. My husband and my friend had sauteed chicken with ginger & scallion, and although there was a lot of chicken, there was far too much onion and the glassy noodles were a bit off. Service was poor, probably because we weren't ordering alcohol. Yes, they take cards, my friend used her card there, but they grumble about it.
Ok so my expectations for Pho in NYC/Brooklyn/Queens has seriously declined, so anything almost edible is legit.  This place is right off the Grand subway stop and near   the LES drinking scene.  I wish they stayed open later.  Anywho, the pho was pretty good, not good as California's but its pretty good for NYC.   If you don't expect pho as good as your mother's then come here.  oh yeah the egg rolls were bleh looks hella small like lumpias.  Oh another tip per the waiter, #1 and #2 is basically the same or thats how he phrased it and gave us the same thing when we ordered #1 and #2.   Fast and great for a cold windy day!
I am ashamed to admit that up until last week, I was a Pho virgin. Yes, unacceptable, I know. How can I even call myself a Yelper? However, I promise to make up for it by stuffing my face with warm meaty brothy soup on a regular basis. It's only fair I inflict this on myself as punishment. Now, I am a big fan of soup. The Slavic genes in me dictate that having soup for breakfast, lunch, and dinner is not wholly inacceptable and in fact, might ward of colds. Though that might be an old wives tale, I am sure that there is nothing in the world that this hearty clear ox broth couldn't fix. A broken heart? Check. Flu? Check. The blues? Check. Hangover? You get the picture... The story of Pho Grand is that it appeared to me like a cloud of manna after what was a very long day of work and a tiny lunch. I am not even religious but after place after place said they were closed (it was 10pm), coming across Pho Grand was like a religious experience. I was craving any kind of Asian and of course had everything Asian 'Orient'ed (Yea, I am lame. And what?) near me as I was staying in Chinatown. Yet I was determined to try this Vietnamese food for the soul that everyone was raving about.   I came into this seemingly small but quite sprawling restaurant with seating in the back, around the corner to be greeted with a very polite staff. It was actually reasonably busy, considering the hour and right after me a large group or 8 people came in. I was so lucky I didn't spare a minute in my decision to enter this haven of hot soupy delight. I opted for take-out and asked if they could do this with Pho. They could. Then came my intimate acquaintance with the menu. I have a hard time picking a dish as is, but there was just a plethora of types of Pho. Beef tendon, brisket, flank, tripe! I love beef and even I didn't know there were so many usable parts. I opted for the marinated grilled beef and I was not disappointed. I didn't have to wait for more than about 7 minutes and I enjoyed taking in the coppery colored walls and wooden beamed interior. And the cost? Like 7 bucks! Fabulous! I loved the perfect mix of sour and savory soup base and the seasoned 6 large meatball-like cuts they gave me. I got a bag of bean sprouts, lemon, and Vietnamese basil along with a pot of this sticky chili garlic sauce (ie a mix of Asian BBQ sauce and Rooster cause) to mix in the proportions I wanted. I also was given (in my take-away goody bags) a take away box of noodles to mix in. And quite a generous helping as well. My only complaint is more like a suggestion for improvement. I've seen Pho done with more vegetables...leeks and cilantro maybe? I think some onion of other herbs would make for an even more fantastic flavor combination. More Pho adventures to come but my first one was great!
Dependable pho and fast. Cheap and they were nice. They didn't rush us out after we finished eating...always a plus at any Chinatown restaurant. I like! I'll go back again!
Clean. Polite staff. Great Pho!  The broth is rich and incredibly delicious. I got the pho tai and the meat was, lean and tender. I want to go back and try some of vCard the food because on other people's tables it looked great. However I'm.not sure I can get anything but pho! And so cheap!
I had the pho with fresh eye of round and brisket today. The quality of the meat for the brisket was really bad - small, flimsy cuts, and very fatty. The pho broth and noodles themselves were satisfying, but the broth may have been a tad bit salty for my taste. I think I still need to find my go-to pho spot in Manhattan Chinatown. This place isn't really it. However, the pork chop that my friend had looked really good.
I was recommended Pho Grand here at the NYC in Chinatown by a family member of a marathoner friend. Since I wanted to have NY crossed off for my 50 States Pho challenge, I was here on a nice Friday in May late afternoon after a day of sightseeing in lower Manhattan. It was nice to sit down finally and have an early dinner here before heading back on the PATH to Journal Square on the Jersey side. The sheer hustle and bustle of New York City, especially in Friday rush hour was pure madness, but as it turned out, getting here was pure genius. The experience at Pho Grand was very good, although the taste here can be decidedly average. Sorry to say, but it was like that. Pho Grand is located at 277 Grand Street in the heart of Chinatown district of New York City. Best bet is to ride the MTA rails to get to your destination faster, but if you were like me, I walked it from Battery Park area to Pho Grand, which isn't that far, but it was a stretch. Parking - if you are driving, is where you can find it on the street.    Pho Grand accepts credit cards, so that's always a great thing. I arrived here around 5pm during rush hour crazy. There wasn't much people here dining here, which made it very easy to get a table fast. The restaurant itself was large enough, but small enough to be your typical Vietnamese restaurant feel. The ambiance was very good. Calm and serendipitous, where you like it to be. The service was decently good, friendly and the restaurant was clean, so that was a load off my mind - considering how Chinatowns are in general. I was greeted nicely to the table near the front of the restaurant. The table was wiped clean, so that was nice. After serving the water, I asked for the menu. I chose one order of the shrimp summer rolls and the #15 Seafood Pho, which is pretty much a foregone conclusion, basically. When in New York City and you want Pho, this is the place to do it for you. Yes, the food was good, but average  - as mentioned before. This place is even authentic and thought it was just okay. I guess my standards are high, since I've been through a few states just for Pho. It's an insane thing. The Pho seemed watered down, yes, I noticed it, but it was good already. I asked for extra noodles, so my mind was just intimate with the Pho as I was eating and never really paid any attention. While it was a nice pitstop for any meal, I feel like this place was just okay. The shrimp summer rolls came out first and it was pretty good. At least they make it fresh and not pull it out of the freezer when someone comes in and orders it. I hate that really. You can tell if its been in the freezer / fridge if it's cool/cold. The prices are decent and cheap enough for a quick, satisfying meal. If you are in town for good and cheap meal, Pho Grand may be your saving grace. There are plenty of options out there in NYC Chinatown, but this place is A-okay. Service was good and friendly, although I probably would not come back - if my travels back to New York City would say otherwise. Yes, squirt some shiracha for that added kick and you won't notice! Support local! C+
I really love this place. I've been here many, many times and think the eye of round (#6) pho and #17 (marinated beef) pho are the best around. Funny thing is that as great of a place it is to get a big bowl of pho for cheap, I HIGHLY recommend spending a bit more and getting the small shrimp salad (#21) and Red Curry Green Noodle (#101d). What a combination! I really wish I could eat those two things every day of my life. Service is fast here, too. I always recommend this place to friends - NYC residents and those from out of town.
I really want to give this place a 5 star, but they really hiked up the price because of the influx of tourists, but the quality of level is deteriorating. I used to come here all time when I was younger - practically grew up eating here and I really like it. They have really good grilled pork chops over rice and grilled chicken chop over rice. The pho is hearty and authentic.  Spring rolls and summer rolls were on point.  Vermicelli dishes were good no matter what meat you get. As they expanded (like many restaurants in the area), quality started to lack and prices started to rise. Food portions are decreasing as well. I used to get 2-3 slices of pork chop over my rice, now it's like 1 slice and if you are lucky and extra half slice on top. Nonetheless, it is definitely still a value meal compared to a lot of "restaurants," but will I be a frequent customer? Not really, as I found Nam Son (a viet restaurant a block over) to be better.
After spending a many months eating pho Pasteur in the motherland and 5 years of Westminster under my belt I will say I'm a pho snob. This place is pretty terrible. I guess the NYC palate is not in favor of asian soups as I've only found one decent bowl of pho since I moved here. Lifeless, soul less and nothing different than what you'd get at a rest stop on the way down to can tho. And no one speaks vietnamese here so if that says something.
I have read the other reviews and decided to try this place out. I went there strictly for some Pho and an appetizer. The shrimp spring roll was alright but I would not get it again. I had the beef and tendon Pho and really enjoyed it. The service itself is efficient which means it's practical and quick so just keep that in mind when going. Overall it's definitely worth stopping by.
We got the beef round (rare beef that cooks in the broth) and brisket pho and the summer spring rolls. The pho was authentic and delicious even on a hot day. I highly recommend to others! Left very full and happy with the price, taste and service!!!
Very nice little Vietnamese spot dishing out delicious bowls of Pho.  The noodles are amazing and they are not shy on the delicious beef at all!
My friend found this place on yelp and immediately I bounced on the chance to try it out based on the reviews on yelp. We quickly arranged plans to try it out even though the restaurant wasn't exactly convenient for either one of us. I guess I had WAY too high expectations that the pho failed to impress me. We each order a bowl of Xe Lua. The broth was at best decent, it was a bit flavorless and cloudy.  The meat amount was lacking compared to other pho places I visit.  I certainly wasn't wowed at all. And I doubt I'll return.
A great pho is not in it's presentation, nor is it a display of culinary creativity. It is classical in it's ability to nourish and stimulate the digestion with limited ingredients. Pho Grand lives up to it's name in offering a stout staple of classical  Asian street food. The broth is rich and spiced with subtle hints if cinnamon and anise. Beef and noodles are cooked to perfection. The toppings are freshly cut and vibrant. There's no better way to put it, less is more! and they have delivered the beauty of Pho!
I'm going to give my support even though it's not the best pho I've ever had - but it's the best pho I've had in NYC.   I should have read the yelp reviews before coming, it would have made things a lot easier...  Order in English!! (Thanks Annie T) My first time at this place, I order the pho with everything - extra large... They returned with a bowl of pho and pork chops ... what the whhhaaat?  They didn't even stay long enough for me to say anything, so I ate it.  Luckily, I love pork.  What went wrong?  I order in Vietnamese, but no one said - hey, can you tell me what number or anything.  Only on my second visit did it make sense when a waitress said to a waiter "xie xie"... duh, they are Chinese.  Therefore, I ordered a #2 and - tada, got a #2.  Thank goodness.  I enjoyed it enough to come back again. Service and decor are typical of Viet places, so no downgrades on that.
Good and delicious Pho. But if you want a decent dining experience, go some where else. I've been here many times in the past but yesterday I've decided to make it my last. Where to begin? For some reasons, the owner (who mostly handles the cash register never says a "thank you". He will basically throw the changes at your and acts as if he's doing you a favor - he's seen me a few times but his attitude has never changed. This itself is not enough for me to not come back. Waiters will "refill" spoons and utensils IN YOUR FACE (by sticking their arms across the table without even so much as an "excuse me" or "sorry" it is comical as if the concept of basic restaurant manner doesn't even exist. (it may be a cultural issue but if you're in the business of serving, it helps to train your staff better for the very basic manner) I stopped the waiter to make an additional order (he told me to wait but then I saw him going back to do what he was doing and basically wasn't interested in taking my orders) It may be just me but when I'm spending $10 to $15 dollars for a decent meal I at least expect basic courtesy and shouldn't have to feel like they're doing me a favor which was exactly how I felt. The competition is incredibly fierce. For my part, I will take my money where they will at least say "thank you for your business!" If basic manner isn't important to you then by all means, go for it. Food is good.
Very good pho  - the chicken was sweet, the noodles were perfect and the broth was tasty. Cannot go wrong! When I crave pho, this is where I want to be. The price is right too.
I went to Pho Grand with my homies and we ordered...well of course Pho!  I arrived a little later than them but they said they were kinda bugged by the fact that the waiter was kinda rushing them to order but were sitting for no more than 5 minutes getting tea and water.   So i arrived - and we ordered Pho - big bowl with everything, large size for me.  And they got the same - the soup came out quickly and hot.  They served it with the standard mint, lemon and bean sprouts (although they could have served more bean sprouts imho since i used it all up and probably could have used more). The soup broth was very beefy and flavorful and all the other ingredients were placed in carefully and in copious amounts.  By the time i finished the noodles and everything i was pretty stuffed.  Pho is just good Vietnamese Soul Food you just have to keep going back for more.  I liked it here and it was good.
One of my go to places for pho!!!!! (not anymore, re-reviewed after non- consistend pho) They don't overuse their MSG in their soup.... And they give a crapload of meat. Like a whole lotaaaaa. **likeeee!!!** Spring rolls are yummy but only the vegetarian one. I dont care for the meat since its more chewy than crispy. The thing they could work on is their service. I've never seen anyone smile the four times I've gone. Lol. And their are slightly rude. pho-4stars, service-2stars. I'll go back though.... Since the pho is pretty darn good. *****re-did this review after going again and realizing that they are not very consistent with their pho. sometimes its good, sometimes its CRAP (noodles soggy, soup bland as sh*t)*****
service inconsistent.  Also, I've seen baby diapers changed on tables here.
I met up one of my good friends here for a much needed catch-up session at around 6:30pm on a Weds night. We strolled in and were seated, the place wasn't so packed yet but there seemed to be a pretty steady stream of people coming in the whole time we were there. So, I know I will never find the absolute perfect 5-star bowl of pho in New York...mainly because the best bowl of pho I can find is from my mother's kitchen.  But  when I need my fix (pho is actually my #1 favorite food of all time), I head down to Chinatown because I feel like it is a crime to spend more than $5.95 on a giant bowl of pho. My friend & I got shrimp summer rolls & a large bowl of pho each (she got the #6, and I got the #2--tendons and all).  Summer rolls were solid--we had both been craving them hardcore so we were both very happy. The bowl of pho was gooood. I mean, not mind-blowingly-food-orgasm good--but like, "ah-I-really-needed-this-bowl-of-wonderful-pho-i-­am-so-happy" good.  It hit the spot for me.  The brisket was sliced super thin and was perfectly tender, not tough and rubbery like it could be at some places. Oh & the service was good too! All the waiters seemed really nice and were really efficient.  Our food came out in literally like, 5 minutes--but this is usually standard at vietnamese places. We hung around a bit longer to talk after the check was dropped and change was given back (fyi $15 minimum on credit cards) and I didn't feel rushed or anything to leave which was nice but then again it wasn't too crazy busy and they had tables open. My tummy was super full & I left feeling twice as heavy as I did when I walked in and had no regrets--I'll just go to yoga tomorrow to make up for it. If you need your fix, I'd say this is a pretty good choice to get it.
Easy delicious food. Good fast no frills service. What else do you need? They have all the Vietnamese dishes you expect. My go to place for pho.
I've got to say, this is by far the best Vietnamese restaurant I've tried in Chinatown so far.  I've stayed in Chinatown for the past week and went three times now to three different Vietnamese restaurants. Here's my conclusions. Of the three, Pho Grand is the cleanest, most organised, had the largest bowls, and accepted credit cards (provided you spend more than $15).  The #1 Special (Train Head- Huo Che Tou) has the best value and most amount of food in your bowl.  I'm happy Vietnamese restaurants still use this name as LA Vietnamese joints have slowly stopped.   I'm happy I took the time to acclimate to Chinatown standards and then found a gem.
Big big big fan of Pho Grand in Chinatown. Authentic food. Very fresh. Piping hot. Flavorful and delicious. Let's not forget affordable! I bring all of my out of towners here.
Cheap. Cheerful. Choice. This is my favorite Pho place in Manhattan! I've never had to wait, even with a larger party on the weekend. It's also a great place to grab dinner solo.
I gotta say I really like this place. I used to frequent pho bang in flushing often, but this is definitely my new pho spot. The broth is pretty darn good here and the grilled pork is beyond amazing. The spring rolls are kinda small though in comparison but still always hot and tastes really fresh.
I am a huge pho fan, and have somewhat of an addiction to it. This place had ample seating, great portions, fresh ingredients, and good service. The prices are great and they are a no frills but awesome pho place that really hits the spot when you need it.
Health code A is a great thing for an Asian place. A rarity even, as most Asian joints tend to rack up in the B's and C's when it comes to final grading. I have to admit that I never consider service as a strength in any Asian establishment much less a Pho place but I think they did okay.   The food was very good though. I've read reviews of the broth being watered down and it didn't taste like that today. Then again a few squirts of Sriracha always spice up any meal. The price of their Pho comes out to $7.90 with tax (not including tips).  It is a bit steep considering Pho is a $1 less in other areas of the city and outer boroughs.   Considering location and its "exotic" smelling streets, I probably wouldn't trek out here just for Pho.  But if you are in the area, there aren't much better places to have a sit down for noodles and soup. They still use lemon for their Pho as oppose to the standard which is lime. Due to the lime-pocalypse that I'm sure everyone already knows of at this point, your margaritas, any drinks that require a lime and sadly Pho will continue to be just slightly off the mark.
A true King amongst lesser Vietnamese joints in Chinatown, Pho Grand provides a nice atmosphere, brisk enough service, but mainly delicious food. Their pho broth is clean, flavorful and nicely seasoned. It doesn't beg for douses of hoisen or rooster sauce which I think is great. The brisket in the pho is some of the best I've ever had so huge recommendations for that. The spring rolls are wrapped in rice paper, which I prefer, producing a nice light and crunchy exterior. Fillings are nice as well. Grilled meats are another specialty of the house, and for $2 a side order of pork-chop is a must. Wash it all down with some Tsingtao or fantastic iced Vietnamese espresso which is reminiscent of the best chocolate milk you've ever tasted. Eat here.
I first found this gem after moving to the LES in 2005, and have proudly turned countless friends into avowed Pho Grand aficionados. Their top notch pho, rice dishes, sinfully savory pork chops and cheap beer are first class (check out their NYT review from 2002!). My pals & I always FEAST (and drink heartily) for about $20/person (incl generous tip). Or I go in by myself and spend $7-12, depending on my mood. I just moved back to Brooklyn, but I used to order delivery at LEAST once a week when I was in the LES/EV. They're friendly, fast, inexpensive and INCREDIBLY DELICIOUS. Fan for life!
I've eaten here several times already and have never been disappointed. So good!!! You need to try their salt & pepper squid = i'm obsessed.
I come here for their grilled chicken. It's always consistent and their spring rolls are good. Even when you take them to go they don't get soggy which is a definite plus. Prices are cheap too. I'll be back soon to try the pho!
I was on the hunt for a good pho place in NYC and finally found it! The broth was delicious - I only needed to add lime (no sauces). The eye of the round beef was fresh and delicious, and it was nice and rare when it was served. The Vietnamese spring rolls were decent, but I really loved the pho !
3.5 stars If you're from CA, this is probably your best option in NYC for pho. Their grilled chicken pho is very tasty, and the broth is decent.
My favorite pho place in chinatown! Definitely better than Nam Son which is a block away. The broth is so tasty. I have no shame bringing the bowl to my face and slurping down all the liquid. Its great for hangovers.
Nothing much to say other than that it does its job. It's not anything spectacular but it's just $7.95 (though there are a few that are cheaper elsewhere in Chinatown). The serving size is on the larger side however. Service is prompt but Chinese. So don't expect much.
Let me set the scene.....it's 4:30pm.....I'm a stones throw from the D line to take me to the Yankee game......I really don't want to eat at the stadium for a Nathan's on a stale roll......that's when the heaven's intervine and make me walk 1/2 block up Grand to look for some take out.....low and behold Pho Grand. VERY reasonable......not greasy.....a bit pushy to seat you (picture 4 servers all standing around, eyes on you...hoping you sit down and order.....(but hey, at least it isn't like the restaurants in Little Italy where you are being harrassed to come and sit and eat in every single restaurant you walk by). If you are passing by and want to grab a quick take out to go, it fit our bill nicely with a nice portion at a really good price (and quality at that). Not too many people eating inside, but a ton of take out orders being filled.
I want to give these guys 3.5, but here's the thing. The pho broth was excellent. Probably some of the better I've ever had. The meat, even for a small, was plentiful, very well cut, the right color, excellent.  The broth was very light on lime flavoring, which is good, had perhaps a bit of MSG? But not overpowering, and must have had a tinge of white pepper. Overall I can't be happier with the pho itself. BUT...the rest of everything left much to be desired. The cha gio were too small, and cooked at a lower temperature making them unfortunately greasy. The goi coun had a nice wrapper but a bit over thick, the innards just didn't do it for me?  I'm not sure if it was just missing something but they didn't inspire me to want to finish them. The ice coffee was good coffee, but not great and had a bit too little condensed milk. I would definitely come back but I would ONLY order the pho...and there's nothing wrong with that.
This is the one of the best places for Pho in Manhattan! Try the basic Pho Tai or go for the special. I always like to get the Cha Gio as a nice starter. The place is active and crowded on weekends, but there is quick enough turnover that you never really have to wait.
No frills restaurant but some of the best Pho in the city.  Highly recommended...I have actually double dipped in a single day and been here twice.  Won't be the last time Don't judge...that broth is delicious
ummmmmm....hell yes. Cho giò - classic.  Deep friend spring rolls of pork & shrimp that you wrap up in lettuce leaves w/ mint, cucumber, bean sprout and dip into fish sauce.  Really, really good. Tai rice noodle soup with fresh eye of round.  Similar to Pho, but without a lot of the garnishes (like basil, cilantro, peppers and lime).  Great broth made even better with chili sauce - perfect for a gloomy day. ;) I also had the chicken w/ ginger, scallion & onions.  This is by far the best Vietnamese entree I've ever had.  Brilliant flavor. I hadn't read too many reviews of this spot, but I did remember it being mentioned a few times that the prices were proper, and they were indeed.  All of the above mentioned dishes plus another entree and two iced teas totalled $35 - tax included. So, yeah - highly recommend!
When I heard that my friend wanted to open a pho restaurant in NYC, I was quaking in my boots. In Houston, the excellent pho places are clambering over each other with those "pho"king clever play on the word "pho," and here it was supposedly going to be a novel idea? I was worried that I wouldn't be able to get good Vietnamese here. Spoiled little Houston brat. Enter Pho Grand. It was rainy and I ducked in here with some seasoned NYC friends. I felt immediately at home. Those little table containers with the questionably-"clean" utensils. Sriracha and hoisin everywhere. The litmus test is pho and spring rolls, of course. and everything hit the spot. I wanted to pour the peanut sauce in my mouth and bring a tub of it home to continue pouring into my mouth. I curbed my enthusiasm and dipped my spring rolls in it, pretending to be a normal person. The pho is really darn good. not too salty. Not too msg-y. Perfect size (ordered the small, while the boys ordered the larger). The broth could have been hotter, admittedly. But I was relieved. My pho fears dissipated with my hunger.
5 stars because they had bomb customer service, which speak volumes in Chinatown. How often do you find polite/attentive/clean service near Chinatown, really? Food was good, price was good.  You can't really be picky when you can get anything for like $4.  It's not the Ritz, get over it.  Gets the job done for a hangover, which is all I really need.
I bet my bf that we couldn't find pho as good as OC in the east coast, and so began our search for a contender. We came all the way from the upper west side to try this place, and I'll admit we walked right by it the first time. It seems a bit tight when you first walk in, but there's a whole back room that's very spacious. As for the food, the chicken and vegetable pho was pretty good. The broth here isn't as sweet as the kind back home, but it still has a lot of flavor. The portion size was gigantic, and there was a little too much cabbage - I couldn't finish it if I wanted to. I also miss how they serve with limes and jalapeños back home, but at least there was plenty of chili paste to be had. The bf ordered the lemongrass chicken with rice which was delicious- lots of peppers and steaming hot. The ca phe sua da was really strong and the strainer let some grounds pass through, but there was enough condensed milk to make up for it. I'd pass next time. Service was good and really quick, and the prices were only slightly higher than west coast. I'd come back to see how their vermicelli and rice plates hold up.
Two things I recommend getting at Pho Grand that you cannot get anywhere else...well, you can get them anywhere else in the city, but they are not as delish as how they make it here at Pho Grand: canh chua (Vietnamese hot and sour soup) and the fried bananas with ice cream dessert. The canh chua is the best in the city. It is spicy, yet sour at the same time. It has the right combination of flavors and the ingredients are fresh. I get the one with shrimp but you have your choice between shrimp or fish. My fellow Vietnamese friends agree that the canh chua at Pho Grand is pretty much the best in New York. Come to Pho Grand and try it out. Gosh, I sound like a paid spokesperson for the restaurant. Oh and don't forget to order the fried bananas as your dessert. They serve it with Neapolitan ice cream. The presentation is quite fancy.
I come from the Bay Area, which has some of the best Vietnamese food I've ever had, but Pho Grand is good enough to compete with the East San Jose guys in the big leagues!  It is really REALLY PHO-KING GOOD. The main stuff to get here is the pho noodles, but they also have a variety of appetizers, other entrees, and some interesting dessert drink items.  Get number 9, a combination of fresh beef eye round and brisket.  The beef on top of the noodles is served rare, which you can cook by stuffing the slices underneath your noodles in the hot soup.  The soup is just hot enough to cook the meat to a tender medium.  If you prefer your beef more well cooked, I'd recommend selecting an option with brisket or another type of meat (they have chicken).  The beef goes best, because the soup is usually an oxtail based broth.  The brisket is really tender and savory.  I made the mistake of ordering number 6, which only contains the fresh beef eye round. Also, order the large!  For $1 more, you get about double the portion of food, which makes this a great deal. They bring your order very quickly and give you some vegetables to add to the dish including basil, lime, and bean sprouts.  Pho Grand is really generous about how much of these vegetables they give, unlike other places like Pho 32. I'd highly recommend this place!   I docked one star because when we were paying for our lunch (the bill was $21), the waitress didn't give us any change for $30.  When we asked for our change, she gave us an attitude and said that she expected that the remaining change was tip.  $9 dollar tip for a $21 dollar lunch?! Are you kidding me...
Cheap and delicious Pho! mm, so far my favorite place to get pho in new york.
I can't say I absolutely love this place but I must say this place is one of the better place I had pho in around chinatown in the manhattan area. The price is normal and yes I always get the number one which is vermicelli with all that beef and tendons in it because I have tried new things and it didn't adhere to my taste! I love their summer rolls too! There's also another plate that I would order from time to time depending on who is with me because that's already too much food... Spring rolls or the calamari! That's about what I would order!
This was my first time going to a pho restaurant in the city. Definitely delicious and cheap. Service was so poor that it was funny. We ended up joking and laughing with our terrible waiter at the end of it. I would definitely go back. The portions were huge!!
The best Phó I ever got at a restaurant! Yum! Tried some other dishes to, and I got nothing bad to say! Maybe the staff could be a little more nice, and dont put the bill on the table at the same time you take the last bite of your food... Absolutely a place worth visiting.
Meh meh meh. Vietnamese spring roll app was average, little greasy, not too much flavor. Green curry mussels... the meat was chewy, so the seafood wasn't fresh. The curry was pretty good but I mean it's curry. Pho. I got everything. The broth was eh. The meat was average/above average. I thought the noodles were delicious though. Would've liked a hotter pho. Also, they didn't give jalapenos or limes. They gave lemons. What? The broth is what killed me.
The pho was exceptionally good! Noodles were cooked perfectly. The bean sprouts were fresh and the meat had a good amount of red when served. The only gripe was that the soup base may have been a little on the salty side with a strong hint of MSG. Otherwise, very nice portion for the price.
Stopped by for a Pho fix after running errands in the neighborhood. It 's good pho and the place is clean.  I'd come back here for another go and to try some more dishes.
It's been rainy and cold in NYC and nothing really beats a bowl of pho in these conditions. But this place was dissapointing... I've accepted that in the US, pho is served with very thin rice noodles and the chilli (or peppers as you call it) is not spicy at all! The soup smelt and looked promising, but looks are deceiving, it was bland! I should've known when most the reviews were written by non-asians and the group on the table next to us didnt know the difference between a pad thai and a chowmein (with no onion, no garlic and no msg! Oh and no taste!) The mrs ordered banh coun which had hardly any filling that looked like it was pan-fried 2 days ago and then nuked before being served to us! And how about putting some fish sauce in the fish sauce?! If this is one of the best pho places in NYC, then don't even bother! Go for a bowl of ramen instead!
Solid pho in northern Chinatown.  The broth leaves a little to be desired, but the pho overall is tasty.  The beef tendon is particularly good.  Other dishes, such as summer rolls or spring rolls are very good.  Smoothies and Vietnamese coffee are also worthwhile.  With limited pho options in nyc, pho grand is commendable.
Great beef pho, wasn't a fan of the pork wraps tho. Will definitely come back because the food is very reasonably priced and tasty.
I used to live on the LES about 5 years ago, and this was a regular spot for me.  They have amazingly friendly service (for the type of restaurant they are), and decent food.  The basil is sometimes a bit shoddy.  They provide lemons, not lime with the sprouts. I AM ON A PHO MISSION.  I moved back to the city from a place with a stunningly good pho retaurant, so I am spoiled and miss it badly.  I am conducting a relentless search for great pho.  Currently my recommend is Cong Ly or Pho So 1, although neither will have you considering moving to their neighborhood for easy access.  Here is my pho assessment for Pho Grand: The Pho is OK here, nothing special.  The Tai is totally rare and very tender when it comes out.  They lack skirt steak, but the brisket is pretty good.  Broth is a bit fatty/oily for my tastes, and is not quite as savory as it should be.  I wouldn't describe it as watered down, but its flavor is not as warm as it should be.
I usually do not review unless absolutely felt that people needed to know. I am Vietnamese American, so my standards for pho and other Viet cuisine is high. Had the spring roll vermicelli and veggie pho in chicken broth. Spring roll vermicelli was decent -- was given badly chopped iceberg lettuce and 4 sprigs of mint - but the fish sauce was good. Spring rolls -- don't know what folks on Yelp eat usually in this department but spring rolls were oily and smooshy -- some blend of cabbage and ginger. Thought the ginger was a nice touch but cabbage and that is all in a spring roll/egg roll and you know the folks did not care much about what it tasted like. Now to the pho -- so far I have found folks in NYC do not know what good pho is (I am from L.A. and got the same recommendations about pho places and then found they were as bad as 'authentic tacos' in Sydney Australia). The pho broth is not the authentic kind -- probably a mix of a box seasoning kind that is doctored, but definitely not something to be excited about. Then the veggies are super overcooked and soggy -- gross. And most important of all, the pho noodles are not fresh! How long they've had it sitting there waiting to be eaten who knows, but they were soggy. Too bad this is what people think is 'best' pho. Ya'll need to get to Orange County, or come over to my place, and experience real Vietnamese. That said, this is an OK place for food if you are hungry.
I visit family in Los Angeles so I get to drown myself in yummy Vietnamese food there. But when I'm home in NYC, there are very very few places that come even close - Pho Grand is definitely one of the exceptions. They've recently expanded - so they have alot more room in the back now. On my most recent venture to Pho Grand, I decided to order outside the Pho norm and went family style: Hot & Sour Fish soup (Canh Cua Ca) - extremely yummy! Catfish in claypot (Ca Kho To) - SO good with white rice Jellyfish salad (I don't know how to say it in vietnamese) - It's chewy good Spring Rolls - very good also And, they actually have decent service! (GASP!!!)
I've had way better pho in Chinatown. The broth was a little watered down, but the ingredients were fresh. I would've given it a 3.5, but had to take another 1.5 away due to the bad service. I ordered ice coffee, which was on the final bill but I never saw one drip of it. Not to mention I asked 4 different people for iced water and it never came. Typical Chinese restaurant service. Oh did I say Chinese restaurant? Not sure if they have Vietnamese cooks back in the kitchen, but the waiters spoke to each other in Cantonese, and half way through our lunch, two waiters were arguing about something, super loud in Cantonese. A lot of customers turned around to see what was going on. I guess they just didn't care. Anyways, if you want good pho, stay away, and good luck with getting people's attention or anything if you are not seated close to the counter.
This place is like the tale of two restaurants. The Vietnamese food and soups are amazing, while the Chinese + Thai items on the menu are horrible. Their soups with selection of noodles and meat are an unbeatable bargain from $5-$10 each, these are good for 2 full servings, and their appetizers like spring rolls and buns are all very good. I order from here on a regular basis and highly recommend it. I dont understand why they dont stick to what they do well, and leave all else alone.
Thank you yelp for the great reviews. Had take away from here tonight for dinner. I've been looking for great take away to walk my dog too... so I can eat at home with her. Pho Grand was tonights pick. I'm not a pho fan, so I went with the porkchops and rice. Cooked perfectly with enough rice to go with it. Love the simple dipping sauce... cucumbers and tomato on side. Price point is great and I love cheapeats. I called in my order and it was waiting for me when I got there. If you're in the area and hungry for a meal with rice... and love porkchops... check out PG! - Miss Yelp 2014
I just moved here from San Francisco, where I am used to really good viet food. I've been trying to find a good place for a while now and then I landed at Pho Grand. There was a long line to sit down, but I had traveled from the UES, so I wasn't about to leave. The wait...was worth it. I ordered shrimp spring rolls, grilled ckn vermicelli with imperial roll with a side of ckn broth. Everything I ate was really good, one of the best viet places I've ever been to. The place itself is super clean and has a great presentation, especially for gross Chinatown. I strongly recommend this place!
When i want Vietnamese i come here. One of the best  viet restaurants for sure and it shows with the number of patrons. I usually go there around 9ish and there is always a wait but i don't mind it since its not too long. A perfect place to warm up during those cold winter nights. Been here with my Girl friend a few times and i usually order #1 with thick noodles. The bowls are large with generous portions which i like.  Definitely, will come back from time to time.
There's nothing like a good bowl of pho after a long night of drinking.  And one of my favorites places to go for my hangover cure is Pho Grand. I love this place and could eat here everyday.  It's got plenty of seating, quick service, good prices, decent portions, and consistently good food.  I hope they never go out of business or change anything.
To start off none of the waiters speak Vietnamese. The meat in the shaking beef rice dish was the same beef used in the beef vermicelli. Enough said.
Engine engine #9! On the New York Phooooo line. That's what I get - I don't do tripe (yet).  The flavors, the bean sprouts, the lemon, the siracha!  I love Pho.  It's magical, it makes me feel better.  It's the surefire hangover cure. The noodles were over cooked though. and, I know I'm going to get hell for this, but can our dear California friends stop saying their Asian and Mexican foods for that matter are sooooo much better than NYC.  It's tiresome - it's been done, we know already!  Don't eat  here, there will be more for the rest of us.  I know Cali Mex is superior, it's been covered, but the constant "Back home, the Pho/tacos/curry is better.  I can't find any good lingua/soba/green sauce in New York." uhhhhhhhhhhhh! /end rant. I love you Cali, I do. And Pho. For $6.25 for a big honkin' bowl, this is pretty darn good.
I love this place every weekend we usually order from here and delivery is pretty on time. Normally get the beef cube with fried rice I must say this is the best place I ever had beef cube over rice it's so soft and tender not over cooked at all. Spring roll it's not over fried it's perfectly just right. Pork chop or grilled normal soup I usually get it's so good. Love it The price is just right not decent price.
I walked by this place and saw their awards posted on the window and thought it must be good. Again my review is based on space, service and food The space is like any other vietnamese restaurant you'll find in chinatown. They've got a wonderfully designed mirror behind the register, the set up of the wait station is clean and customers can see what the staff is doing. What's different about this place i guess is the extra room in the back for more privacy. Service was good. We were seated right away and the waiter answered our questions without a problem, he even gave us a recommendation on pho and which one was popular. The food was exactly what i wanted and expected. I ordered a three colored ice dessert, egg rolls, a large number one. The egg roll was perfect, crispy skin with the stuffing still juicy and flavorful. The pho hit the spot. flavorful broth, noodles were just right, the meat to noodle ratio was on point. Of course pho needs the condiments added and they were all there. i'd definitely come back
An A grading and a sign that said TOP 100 CHINESE RESTAURANT... which amused me since it's a Pho place. That's Vietnamese. Are americans really that stupid that they don't know the difference? The only reason that I didn't give 5 stars is that what I was given vs. what I ordered was different, however also very delicious and vegan. So, it really it was a delicious error. it was Pho-nominal! (rimshot!)
I've been to a few Pho places in the City and this place is as close to authentic as it gets in the city. It's definitely not the best I've tasted but it is pretty good, it is good enough to satisfy your craving. I was very satisfied; I had not had decent Pho since moving to the City. I see myself coming here a lot more to cure my hangovers or when I'm sick. Pho is a hearty soup that replenishes the soul. It just makes you feel good when you are not yourself. It is a very important dish. I recommend this place, I am a Pho-fessional, I know my pho, I been eating pho my whole life, and this place is decently good for NYC standards.
We are Seattlelites living in NYC. We can't survive a winter without eating tons of pho!! We were getting desperate for the pipping hot bowls of noodles and veggies. In Seattle we were spoiled and had a pho place two blocks from the house and paid $5 for a bowl. We were ecstatic to finally find Pho Grand! It's like $8 but you get a larger bowl and more veg than in Seattle. You know this place is good if we have given it a seal of approval. This place is a must! I love it! And I keep craving a bowl. We dabble with the appetizers but we always get the pho! I  always get the veggie broth but word on the street is the beef broth is awesome. Always plenty of room and quick service. Sometimes you even get free hot tea.
We both got the #2 (beef broth noodle soup with fresh eye of round, brisket, tendon & omosa), and for $5.50 for a regular bowl, there was plenty of beef and noodle. The soup of flavorful, as if there is MSG. The seating area is large, so it's unlikely you'd ever have to wait. There's a poster on the wall claiming that this Chinese-owned Vietnamese restaurant is one of the top 100 Chinese restaurants in America... it just goes to show that as ethnically diverse NYC is today, it still needs more true Vietnamese representation in the dining sector.
I've been here a couple of times. Great cheap pho. I always get the beef pho w/extra meat balls.  My boyfriend always gets the seafood pho.   I would recommend going in person versus delivery.  We both got pieces of chicken in our Pho --which was really weird considering we ordered beef and seafood.   They do always send a nice bag of basil and limes.
Excellent vietnamese food, nothing was overcooked and greasy like other vietnamese restaurant's I've been too.
I found this pace on Yelp after searching for the Best Pho in the neighborhood.   It was def good to me!  I order the large veggie Pho and added some flank steak.  My friend (it being his first time) had it with chicken (which he claimed was a bit fatty ... i didn't try it but it looked delicious to me;) The broth was good, could have been just a bit warmer but still all good.  Veggies were fresh.  All necessities (sricacha and sweet sauce and bean sports etc) were at hand.  The large bowl was a bit much for each of us.  The spring rolls were fantastic! Great find ... which later I found out is my best friend's favorite spot in the hood ... she's from LES.  Score!
Mega late delivery! the soup came cold because of it and I had to keep calling and calling and they just kept giving me excuses of where the delivery guy went. Its 2 mins walk... I waited almost an hour
When winter hits and the cold seeps to my bones, I start to crave certain foods: shabu-shabu, hearty Korean stews/casseroles, raclette, and pho. My boyfriend and I were set on going to Hoi Yi for a hot pot dinner, but with it being temporarily closed, we ended up walking around and stumbling into Pho Grand. Between the two of us, we ordered two orders of pho (one with fresh eye of round and brisket, the other with grilled pork) and an order of the spring rolls & grilled pork on rice vermicelli. The pho's broth had a nice flavour and the portion was more than enough (for me, at least). My only (but biggest) complaint would be that the broth wasn't anywhere near hot enough to cook the eye of round all the way.
Pretty freaking great pho. They were really accommodating, too, as I wanted my bo tai (raw beef) on a plate on the side so I could cook it as lightly as I like it. The broth cooled down too much when I dumped the bean sprouts in (hey, I like as many as I can get in there) so halfway through the bowl of soup, I needed a re-heat. Our waiter brought us an extra bowl of broth that I used to pour into my own bowl, thereby enabling me to cook the rest of the meat (about 5-15 seconds depending on temp). Yummm. Also great were the goi cuon (summer rolls), which I like with nuoc mam (fish sauce) rather than the sweet peanutty brown sauce-- they accommodated me there, too! My friend and I were very full for under $10 each.
Definitely a great place to go on a cold winter day to warm you up. Pho bowls are big and generous. I was stuffed by the time I finished my two summer rolls and half of my mixed vegetable pho. There are plenty of sauces on the table for you to make your broth saltier, spicier, hoison-y-er, so nothing is lacking in flavor if you so choose. I also decided to try out the fresh squeezed juices and ordered an avocado+orange juice. I asked specifically if it was fresh squeezed and they said yes, it came out as some sort of slushy milk-shake that looked/tasted like it was made from some artificial powder. Pass. My friends ordered a coffee, and there was some sort of condensed milk on the bottom which caught them by surprise (in an unpleasant way). Food-wise: Neither the summer rolls nor the pho were out of the world per se, but all in all a hearty meal, and well-priced. Drink-wise: meh, nothing we had was great. They serve only wine and beer here by way of alcohol. Wine was pretty terrible, but hey, you can't really expect great wine bottles (at $29/bottle or $6.50/glass) at a place like this. Would I come back? Yea sure if I was in the area.  I had a good experience here, but generally 3 stars because I've had much better pho before
I always get the #6 (Tai) and it's one of my favorite soups in the whole city. I've tried this soup in different Vietnamese restaurants but Pho Grand has the best by far. Didn't get to the rest of the menu yet, but for Vietnamese soups, they are the best. Delivery is fast and friendly!
This is my go-to Vietnamese resturant in NYC. Always order the phenomenal pho, summer rolls, fried spring rolls, and grilled BBQ pork.
To be honest, I can never really distinguish anything on a pho menu apart from each other.  Every item on the menu has a combination of tripe, brisket, tendon and an assortment of other things I can only assume to be some part or vital organ of a cow.  As a result, I always order then number one when I enter a pho restaurant because I figure it's the most popular, and this method definitely worked out for me at Pho Grand. I went down on a Friday afternoon and was pleasantly surprised by the service and the food.  Noodles were a nice texture and the meat was tender and mm-mm good!  If I had to find a complaint, I'd have to say the soup was a tad too salty, but I thought it accentuated the beef's flavor even more.  Servers refilled our tea generously and overall I thought this place was awesome.  Definitely coming here again when I get the chance.
I would give the food 4 stars we came here while we were walking around the city waiting to go to dinner way later with family so we only ordered summer shrimp roll veggie spring roll and tom yum soup all were delicious exactly wat u want from china town. The only problem our lettuce had bugs in it and they acted like it was no big deal and didn't know to take it off the table . Also there was a massive leak in the middle or restaurant.
The pho at this place is delicious and cheap, exactly what pho should be. For $4-$6, you get a huge bowl of soup jam packed with noodles and meat that warms your soul. I've only ever had the barbecue pork pho, which comes with a very generous portion of flavorful meat.  As great as this soup is, I want to branch out and try a different one the next time I eat here. For a cheap place in chinatown, this place is surprisingly nice inside, which is an added plus. The only other thing I've tried here is the green papaya salad, which I have to say was disappointing. The dressing was not spicy enough, nor did it have enough fish sauce or lime juice. I also would have liked some peanuts mixed in there. I'd like to branch out and try other non-pho dishes here, especially since I spent 5 weeks in Vietnam and have been searching for comparable food here in the U.S. The pho is so good though that I'm doubtful I'll ever order anything else!
My fave pho spot in NYC. Clean, close to the subway, quick service, delicious food.   Recently discovered the grilled pork pho and that may be my new jam! It was soooo good.  Same warming pho broth, different meat flavor. I also always get summer rolls. Their peanut sauce is authentic, not watery and run down like I've seen in other Vietnamese spots in NYC. One thing to note, credit card min is $15, but pho is priced at about $6-7. Bring ca$h!!! Slurp away!
Quite tasty vietnamese food for the money. Located right by a subway stop, so getting there is super easy. P.S. Still confused about all the "Chinese restaurant" references near the cash register and on take-out boxes.
Of all viet restaurant this is the best one. Service is super friendly and once in a while the staff will remember who you are and knows what you like to order. Sad but pretty good.   I always ordered the same dish #1 extra large with the meat on the side and beef balls. The soup base has so much favors but I still add alot of sweet sauce and the hot sauce.  Great for the winter.  The apptizers are great too. I hardly ordered the desserts but we end up ordering this huge fried banana split. But there's no way 2 people be able to finish it. It turned so much heads when that dish came out.   Really good service,  food great.
Ups: cheap, tasty, large selection, some dishes are fairly authentic, great for a group, fast Downs: can get crowded, kinda loud, they can rush you out if they are trying to fill tables, typical chinatown-type service - fast and no apologies Overall: Def. a scene because of location and cheap price but still a good spot to check out. The whole fish was awesome. Also try the spring rolls, beef satay and greens. Didn't have the pho but have heard mixed things.
When i used to live in Chinatown, i would come here for viet fix, not until i found out a new one on Christie and grand. I like that one so much more because I feel like it is much cleaner and also alot more people go to that one. This location haven't been popular. Not sure if it was due to their sanitary shut down a few years ago or something. I also like the viet spot on Baxter. All these pho places are similar especially the ones in Chinatown.
Been here twice. Broth isn't too savory. Seems like they just like to make it like this. Watered down maybe? Considering the amount of hot sauce I use, It was great. Pho with the brisket was good and the spring rolls tasted fresh. For the price, I'd say an over all satisfactory meal. Good lunch/early dinner, kinda place.
Yay! It was finally time for my pho-date with my "find the best pho in the city" friend. We've found some decent to pretty good places, but nothing quite hitting the spot. Pho Grand has been one of the places that tops my friend's list so I decided to give it a shot since we were in the area anyway. Walking in, all the tables looked full. I was a little wary were would be able to get a spot, but then we were lead back towards the back dining area. Yay! There was plenty of room back there. The tables made me think of a sticky bar top. Luckily it wasn't sticky. We ordered ourselves some Vietnamese iced coffee, bun cuon (rice crepes filled with minced pork) and served with asian bologne, and a bowl of pho each. I got the special (only served in a large size) and my friend got the marinated pork chop (which is served on the side). So the lowdown: Vietnamese iced coffee - delicious as always, as expected bun cuon - made a too long, no black mushrooms, great thinness on the crepe, sauce was good and needed special pho - good, broth was good and then you doctor for personal preference, good amount of meat, lots of noodles - for large, you should be starving and not get any sides to finish pork chop pho - pork chop ran a little thin, but was well marinated. TLDR: this place was definitely delicious, almost hits that perfect spot
This place reminds me of restaurants in Anaheim (SoCal), that's a compliment. It actually is decorated (for those of you who have been to vietnamese restaurants in Anaheim) and the service was great :) The pho was also really wonderful! It's become one of my favourite places to get vietnamese food in the city. I've been dying for this especially because I miss my family's cooking. The menu has a great selection as well and I look forward to trying other dishes as time passes. Overall, an awesome experience and pretty great prices (spring rolls split between two, Pho Tai Bo Vien, and a 33 beer= $13 w/o tip).
The beef ball pho was meh. The beef balls themselves were disgusting and rubbery. The noodles were good and the broth was a little bland. It was better when I added  sriracha and hoisen sauce. The crab and cheese wontons were delish and the shrimp summer roll was decent. The service itself was slow, but the food did come out fast. I don't think I will be back here because there are so many other pho places to try.
I'm straight up crazy about Pho Grand!!! Super cheap and hearty portions - exactly what the doctor ordered on wintery nights. Bring your appetites and enjoy this for what it is - authentic and unpretentious.
I keep trying different Vietnamese places in the area and this one comes back consistently as the best. Last night had the whole grilled fish and it was superb. Slight caramel taste in the sauce with some tiny killer hot peppers.
I've had better, but these guys by no means serve up a bowl of disappointment.  I've been here twice for pho tai and the dish is consistently warm, anise-y, and the meat is not tough, which is always a plus.  They are also pretty generous with the fixings and they are always fresh.   Today we had the avocado shake as well which was a pleasant surprise.  It actually tasted like avocado and did not seem to have any sweeteners that drowned out the flavor.  I would order it again.  We also had the spring rolls - crispy and meaty.  Good. Finally, the service is prompt and polite.  I especially dig the free tea that was continuously filled throughout my stay.  Too many times I have been to a pho restaurant where you have to do a chicken dance on the table to get a refill on your drink. Overall, this place is inexpensive, filling and satisfying, especially when you find yourself in Chinatown on a cold day.
Yes, the outside temperature is dropping and that means Pho time! We stopped by here for s warm bowl of Pho the other evening. I ordered the #4; Pho with a variety of meal. They came out with a large large bowl instead of the medium I ordered,  $7.50. The broth was good and flavorful but not hot enough. When i put the bean sprouts into the soup it did not have enough heat to cook it. There were plenty of noodles and meal but they were very skimpy on the mint leaves. The bean spout were cleaned and rinsed well; some place don't do that and it give the soup a muddy after taste. Rated 4/5 The Vietnam spring rolls (8 for $8) were good but the wrapping was messy. It does not have to be perfect but it shouldn't be broken up. Rated 3/5. Tip: they have a big back room and can handle large groups. Easy walking distance from the D, B trains or from F, M, J trains.
Found a hair and dust ball in my summer roll. NEVER eating here again.
The pricing is spot on.  The flavors are close enough.  And the quality of meats is a little above average. Unfortunately, if you don't live near Chinatown, then you're stuck with zero pho or Vietnamese options.  But if you do live near the area, then I suggest Thai Son.  Their pho is probably the best in the area. It was very chilly in the dining room during my visit.  Hopefully that was a fluke rather than standard operating procedure. Murky broth...
Spacious interior. fast albeit curt service, $22 for app (steamed veg wontons), two enormous bowls of pho, and a can of soda. Plenty to bring home leftovers. Can't wait to go back!
Is it as good as it gets? I doubt it, I'm still on the journey to find the perfect #1. This place does however hold so far the highest rate pho imho. The broth that they use has a stronger, more pure taste. Here's the con however. It's just not very hot. Other than that the service is good, if not great, and everything else on the menu is the same stuff youd get anywhere else.
I guess Pho Grand is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in NYC. The food is consistently delicious and authentic. The vermicelli with spring rolls is my favorite, and of course you can't go wrong with any of their many varieties of Pho. The only downside is the service, which is generally atrocious. The wait staff usually forget to bring an item I ordered, but try to charge me for it anyway. Also in groups the food does not usually come out at the same time (my friend had to wait 10 minutes for her Pho after our dishes).
I have revisited almost every one or two months this half year, but I feel that the soup and noodle was worse than my first time visiting Pho Grand. The price is still fine but now I would rather try other Pho in Chinatown.
My husband and I have been coming here since it opened, and it's definitely our favorite pho in Manhattan, which kind of has lousy pho (as does Queens which makes me sad).  The food is always fast and fresh.  All of the non-pho we have tried has been tasty; I love the summer rolls with shrimp. None of that gross chemical after-taste I've had in some of the Chinatown and Queens phos.
I think this place may have the best Pho in nyc.  Really good fresh broth here and give u plenty of meat. Def worth a try, this place always has ppl in here.  service eh. For the price you get great value here, and they also have other food to eat if you're not into pho.
Go for the #12 and the Spring Rolls!  This place is super cheap and they have delicious Pho.   I wouldn't call this a date spot but if you are buying lunch or dinner for a friend or significant other, it makes for a cheap yet delicious meal.  The #12 is only like $5.95!   They have unlimited hot green tea....uh awesome! Pho Grand's decor isn't mind blowing but the restaurant is actually bigger then you think from the outside.  They stick to what they are good at Pho, not decorating.       I dream about Pho daily in the fall/winter..... ahhhh
I was searching for somewhere to get a bowl of authentic pho when I stumbled on Pho Grand. It was definitely authentic - with everything from the noodles, beef/chicken broth soup, credit card minimum and no non-sense/aloof waiters. I also tried the fried rice and it was really good. Portions are big and prices are low. You know the owner must be doing something right because he has a couple of pictures with high profile people, including Hilary Clinton, displayed on the wall!
I've had better in my life, but this place does the best Pho NYC has to offer. The service is always fast and friendly as it should be. The usual for me is always large #9 (brisket and eye of round) with an ice coffee. I love Pho Grand!!!
I've been on a pho kick lately, and since I've already exhausted a few of my local options, I went to Pho Grand. What stands out to me about the bowl of pho I had here was that the brisket was juicy and had the right amount juicy fat interwoven between the muscle fibers. I found the tendons slightly too chewy (and yes, it is possible to cook tendon till it disintegrates with a bite) and the greens that accompanied my bowl looked a bit wilted. Otherwise I'm quite happy with the price and portion of the bowl I had here, and I'll come back again if I'm in the neighborhood and jonesing for some pho!
The bast cheap Pho is the city. My typical meal here consists of spring rolls, pho, and the pork chop. Service and atmosphere is undoubtedly rough around the edges, but who really cares when you know your getting an amazing meal for $10.
Good Vietnamese place. Had the Bo Nhum Dam (beef fondue), it was great. They have all the good stuff including Banh Cuon Cha Lua. Convenient, right in Chinatown.
I've been to a number of Pho places...in NYC, as well as, other metro areas. This must have been one of the worst places I've tried! I can't imagine how anybody can give it 5 or even 4 or even 3 stars. Were other yelpers swayed by the cheap prices? Not only was the service horrible (waited forever to take our order,, but also to bring a order of 2 Pho and 1 spring roll...really?). After waving my arms repeatedly, I actually had to walk up to the counter to ask our waiter for more tea. OK...granted, service in China Town restaurants aren't the best...but seriously? More importantly, the broth was lukewarm and tasteless...almost watered down. There are so many great Pho restaurants in NYC...do you really want to save that extra dollar at this place...I say no.
Always reliably delicious.  I've been here multiple times and the beef flank pho never disappoints.  The egg rolls are a great way to start.   The service is good and efficient, and it has never been crowded during any of my visits. Can't wait to go back, perhaps tomorrow.
I really can't give this 3 stars.  The Pho broth was tasteless, overwhelmingly flavored with cinnamon and star anise but unsalted, not beefy and without any heat. Sure it was okay, and for $7 it's a decent meal.  If they had 2.5 stars, I'd go with that.   But I wouldn't go back.  Not for Pho anyway.
2.5 stars Open late with great customer service, but it's not really authentically Vietnamese. I speak both Vietnamese and Chinese and had to quickly switch over realizing all the staff were Chinese.  The Vietnamese logan drink tasted horrible. Both the color and the flavor was totally off.  It's like someone showed me a picture of the drink and asked me to recreate it by never telling me the real ingredients or what it should taste like. The pho was also off, and was missing many essential spices (secret stuff) that makes the broth... wait for my street cred word "am" which is a combination of "bold, savory, rich, and flavour intense...."  The pho here is none of that.  Thee beef was fresh, but not true to form.  Don't get me wrong, it didn't taste horrible, it just wasn't very good. After eating pho in Vietnam, California, Texas, and DC and knowing the owners of these establishments, and making pho myself from a family recipe, this wouldn't count as pho.  Moreso a modified pho.  The thing is, it's the ONLY PHO in town open late.
I believe it was a December. Wandering. Through the borough of Manhattan. I was listening to Joni Mitchells 'California', thinking of warmer times as a child on the beach. It was one of those days you're hungry, but for what you don't know. It seems the cold is getting deeper into the cracks of your worn coat, and your jaw is beginning to shudder. There was a slight fog in the air; dusk. Chinatown. Though the mist, and faded winter sun, I look up. There in red glowing lights I see Pho Grand. As I walk through the door, the aroma throws me instantly back to  Supermarket 79. This was where Pho and I met, and fell in love. I ordered cha gio(pork springrolls). Wrap them in lettuce and top with sambal and hoisin. Next an old friend,  pho tai. Squeeze the lemon, tear the basil, add the bean sprouts....Sniff deeply. AAAhhhh. Heaven, in a bowl, with snow on the ground outside. I'm hooked pho grand. For life. As I stumbled back into the cold, warmed through and through, I chose a direction, and began to wander again. I thought about that first time meeting Pho. Never realizing the impact it would have on me for the rest of my life. Thank you Pho Grand, for bringing back a memory. I will be back, to see you again. xo
I've been here 3 times and I don't think I'll be coming back anymore. I used to live in Houston and the pho there just doesn't compare to NYC pho. Every time I come, I get the #1 pho, which has all the meats. And while I agree that they give you a lot of meat, the beef is still red which I guess is supposed to cook in the soup but the soup isn't warm enough. And there's just something off about the flavor of the meat. It doesn't taste fresh to me. I didn't even finish because it was that bad. I've had way better pho in other cities. I gave them two stars because the price point is good for NYC and the ambiance is nice. I haven't tried anything else there so maybe the non pho dishes are better.
I personally thought Pho Grand lived up to my friend's recommendation. My other friend did not. Their snail dish and summer rolls were very good, although the snails were a bit hard to eat. All in all, very good pricing for very good food, I highly recommend this.
I've found my new favorite pho place in Manhattan- Pho Grand! I ordered a large pho with eye of round, brisket, tendon and tripe.  The broth is brimming with flavor as though the different meats and spices have been simmering in the broth for hours upon hours.  The brisket is tender to the touch and falls a part immediately.  The tendon and tripe are both fresh and add a variety of texture to the soup.  I don't think I will order the pho again with the Eye of Round. This was my least favorite meat in the dish. However, it was still good quality. Besides the delicious broth, what made this pho place stand out among others was the quality of meat.  This has definitely been the highest quality meat I've had in pho so far in Manhattan.  Also, the broth is flavored moreso by the meats and spices than MSG.  I abhor salty foods so was happy to slurp at the soup/noodles without the slightest bit of saltiness. The large bowl for $7.25 is ginormous. I ordered summer rolls and a pho to myself so I was struggling to finish but getting pho wrapped up to take home or leaving the bowl half eaten both seemed kinda silly so I pushed through the pains of being full and finished my bowl. Yummy! Will be going back for sure. Note on customer service- it was great in the beginning. I got a water, menu, and order taken care of asap.  However, in between ordering and flagging down someone to get a check, I had no service whatsoever.  I usually disregard customer service though if the food is good enough and the food here is definitely good enough.
The Pho is really great. About as authentic as you can get in New York. The other food is sub par with the exception of the pork chive dumplings.
Huge bowls of noodles. Place was decent. I was skeptical because of all the negative reviews regarding the service but the wait staff was very friendly and attentive. The food came out fast and was very good. We didn't order much variety to sample but the Tam Yum soup was exactly what was needed. I had the grilled beef over vermicelli noodles that left me wanting more. Will have to go back to try other items.
A-MAZING!!! I recently was introduced to Pho... and sure enough i became an addict! So whenever it rains i search out great Pho! I had had it from 3 or 4 differnt places in manhattan & NONE are as great as Pho Grand!
I have no idea what happened!? I was expecting a better experience but I will blame it on the particular dish I had --- *Note: My review is comparing to other authentic Vietnamese cuisine. I ordered #3 Pho Brisket and Tripe. The broth was flavorless compared to other pho I've had. You can tell by the lightness in broth color. The brisket was way too soft, not tender and chewy at all. The tripe was okay. I also ordered the seaweed salad which "supposedly" came out first but our waiter brought out the wrong dish so he had to return it and bring out the correct dish. Unfortunately, the flavor was there but the seaweed salad was very salty. The rest of my family were more satisfied with their dishes(except for a few minor things) #1 Big Bowl Pho -- More meat than noodles(unless you like it that way) #110 Grilled Pork Chop, Shredded Pork and Crab Patty on Rice -- All shredded pork skin, barely any pork meat. Cucumber was soggy(we went late night, cucumbers didn't last 'til then) No pickled carrots and turnip. #111 Grilled Chicken on Rice -- Great #109 Grilled Pork Chop and Crab Patty on Rice -- Great The service was okay but we had 3 different servers. I'd like to stick to one. Don't hesitate if you look inside and see it's full, there is more seating hidden in a back room. I am willing to give this place another try. I shall update my review from there.
I love pho and I'm new in town so I've been on a mission to find a good local pho replacement.   The broth here is super flavorful and then meat is fresh and tender.  I normally order the pho with just the raw meat. The bean sprouts are always really fresh and they have all the good sauces for your soup.   I got the fresh spring rolls once and the skin hardened a little from sitting out but the flavor was good.   The only thing that I have a slight issue with is that the noodles are softer than what I'm used to. I love noodles to have a nice bite to it.  I still come here as a default for pho but if anyone knows a place with delicious broth like this place AND where they use a harder noodle let me know!!
First time here in a while. I was running late but my girlfriend got there early. She was standing because she didnt want to take up seats, but the waiter insisted that she be seated. As soon as I got there, the waiter gave us extra time, and was genuine to us. I ordered a large, and oh boy it was a lot. I believe this pho place is one of the most genuine place in NYC. It was excellent. I would definitely come back here! It was worth the price.
I don't think I've ever patronized a restaurant as much as I do Pho Grand. There really isn't much to dislike about this place, but I could understand how someone desiring a traditional restaurant experience would be left lacking. You basically have to glance at a waiter with a "come take my order" look and they'll hop on over. One may easily have 3 or 4 different waiters in one visit. I don't really see this as a problem though, as everyone is pretty attentive. I come here at least twice a week and always get the pho chay (17a), which comes with perfectly cooked tofu and vegetables in beef broth. I'm feeling extra hungry I'll get the summer rolls or a side of pork (or side of pork chop, which would include the bone) but could never finish any of the dishes. Periodically I order take out from them, but as other reviewers have noted, pho isn't the greatest take out food. My only reservation about eating a lot of pho is the crazy amount of sodium I'm sure I'm ingesting. I'm super glad Pho Grand is around and was super sad when I thought they'd burned down in the Grand street fire last year. Luckily they were spared!
Decent food, but the Pho is a standout.
Can't beet the taste and amount for those prices. Very good food for what you pay. Went there several times and will go back.
Pretty much the best Pho you can get in New York City. I have yet to find a better one if anybody knows of one, even in Flushing, please let me know. Very tasty broth they say no msg added so thats a plus. pho comes out lightning fast! Staff could care less for your company as i come here every week and they still dont recognize me sadly..
Fair price. Not accepting Amex. Different types of pho, we ordered the first one as it has everything. The shrimp spring roll is average and high priced, not recommended.
A bowl of Pho, calamari, and spring rolls.
This is my little pho heaven. I get the very first pho on the menu, which is the extra large with everything, and share it with my hubby. Its very cheap and perfectly satisfying on a rainy day. I love it so much that i'm gonna write it up as though its horrible so that it stays exactly the same as it always is. So there.
I used to like PHO from this place a lot more than I do now. The flavor has been faded each time I visited for past year. very sad.  ;(
This is probably one of the best bowls of pho you will get in New York. There are a lot of wanna-be places in the city but I would highly recommend that if you have the time to treck over here, its worth it. The staff is prompt, nice and the place is pretty clean. The decor is cheesy but who cares, because you are in and out with a full belly under $20. I was a happy camper.
(They have the small plates for sauce! Yay. I always have trouble asking for these things when they're not readily available on the table.) This place, like most places I've been to in Manhattan, has a fried variant of spring rolls rather than the fried egg rolls that I'm used to seeing in Texas. I prefer the egg rolls, but I'll chalk that off as a Manhattan quirk. I ordered Pho Tái Gau, but what I got was Pho Tái Nam. They got everything right except for the Gau -- the fatty brisket -- which happens to be my favorite. :( The broth (which is the important part) was pretty damn good. The flavor had substance, unlike some other places I've been to where it tasted watered down. Definitely one of the better broths I've had. Pho portions were average. Manhattan pho places is super stingy on their bean sprouts though. What gives? I'll chalk this one off as a Manhattan quirk as well. I've been searching for a place in Manhattan that can compete with Tan My, in Austin, TX. Pho Grand got pretty close, but was marginally inferior in just about every way. The verdict: 8.5+ / 10.
After a long and unsuccessful day of shopping at Woodbury with my family and my girlfriend, we ended up in Chinatown exhausted and starving. We found a parking space on Grand Street and decide to just fan out until something looked appetizing. Our first stop was Pho Grand and because I was tired and cranky from driving all day I decided for everyone and just walked in. What's neat about Pho Grand is that they are huge. There were plenty of tables in the front but it turned out there was also a back section off to the side in the rear. More than enough seating for our party of five. We ordered the Pho Chín Nam Gân (Pho with Well Done Eye of Round #5), the Bò Kho (Beef Stew with Bread #38), the Co'm Su'ò'n Bì (Grilled Pork Chop & Shredded Pork on Rice #108), the Co'm Bò Lúc Lác (Beef Cube White Rice #114) and the Co'm Gà Xào Cà Ri (Curry Chicken over Rice #129). No, my memory is not that good. Yes, I took a menu on my way out. I think everyone had a complaint about their dish aside from my mother who ordered the #5. My #108 was served along with two slices of tomatoes that were so pale they looked diseased. I thought an unripe tomato was green, these things were mostly white with hints of green. The shredded pork was 95% some shredded vegetable that was colored to resemble cooked meat. My girlfriend claimed the beef cubes in her #114 were tasteless. My father complained that the #129 should be named Curry Onion Over Rice rather than Curry Chicken because there was so much onion and so little chicken. My brother felt that the Beef Stew "tasted like crap." I don't want to be simply ranting on the negative aspects of our meal. Therefore let me add a few positive things. The pork chop was grilled and seasoned perfectly. The entire meal came out to $36 with tip included for 5 people. The best part was that I discovered a good proportion of sauce mix with the hot sauce and the hoisin sauce and enjoyed it with the bean sprouts my mother refused to eat. Score. Seeing as how we were starved and tired to start with, we probably would have been happy eating anything. Pho Grand unfortunately proved that theory wrong. The food made us spend more time complaining than actually rejoicing in the fact of our stomachs being filled. I've read other Yelpers reviews claiming the food here, particularly the Pho, rivaling those of the west coast. I've never been to the west coast but I certainly didn't see Pho Grand rivaling anything tonight. Maybe our tastes have been skewed by the Pho in Brooklyn and we don't really know/appreciate what good Pho is like? Who knows; I just know that I will not be returning for seconds.
This is our go-to NYC Pho joint - and pretty much the only place we've found here that has egg noodles for their Pho! The pricing is $5.50 for small and $6.50 for large for most varieties - The #1 has pretty much every beef part you can get - round, brisket, two kinds of tripe, etc. You can usually add beef balls, shrimp balls, etc. for a reasonable price (4 or 5 balls for $1 extra), though the language barrier has once meant that this request yielded an entire extra soup (which they didn't really want to take off our bill *sigh*) Speaking of the language barrier - the place is run by Chinese-speakers. Sometimes this can make ordering Vietnamese things... difficult, but it usually all works out okay. They have a whole bunch of other dishes we've never tried - on occasion we'll order some spring rolls or other small appetizer - all delicious starters while waiting for a hot bowl of steaming soup. The soup itself has a nice flavor (though definitely not the BEST Pho I've ever had), plenty of noodles, no skimping on the meats, and they have all the accouterments (you sometimes have to ask for the hot peppers, but the bean sprouts, basil, lime, etc will come out as soon as you order Pho!) For dessert, try the three color bean drink - strange and delicious!
beef pho noodle soup with a piece of metal scouring pad..YUMM
This has somehow become one of my go to spots for Vietnamese food.  It's never really crowded to the point where you have to wait for a table.   The pho is good.  I usually order the Pho with Pork Chops. I love their pork chops!  Last time I was there, the smell of pork chops was so strong coming out of the kitchen that I had to order pork chops.   The Fish Soup has a really good flavor too, for those that like sour soup.  The fish isn't really edible in there by the time they come out of the soup, but you can still eat it if you feel like being healthy.  They use salmon fillets. Bring cash! There is $15 or $20 credit card minimum.
The food at Pho Grand is very good. It is my favorite Vietnamese place to get a good bowl of Pho. The service on the other hand is terrible. I have been there several times and only encountered one friendly server. Overall, the food is amazing. Service is shaky, it all depends who is there.
Let's keep this simple. Good: + Great food. I approve, as a Vietnamese. The Bo Luc Lac is a class above everywhere else. They use good beef and slice them bigger. Yum. Pho also didn't disappoint, though I'm not really a pho person. + Some new dishes not seen elsewhere. Some rolls in appetizer and rice dishes. + Good service. Been here a couple of times and haven't seen any server with attitude yet. And food always come in a timely manner. Not-so-good: - Missing some dishes. I couldn't find Bun Bo Hue on the menu. - A TINY bit more expensive than other places, but hey, worth it. This really is as good as it gets for Vietnamese food in Chinatown.
Hubby's first bowl of Pho with Fresh eye round was so good. A mixed bowl for me, did not disappoint. Fast and attentive service. Good sized menu of other options if you want something other than Pho... But then again, why come here if you want anything but a bowl of Pho? The broth was deep with flavor and the slices of meat melted in your mouth. There are lots of condiments that you can add to your soup: sriacha, hoisin, soy, vinegar.. etc etc. Yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy.
Cheap ($6.50) and delicious pho! This will now be my go-to pho spot when I'm in NYC. I ordered the white meat pho (which had lots of veggies) as well as the calamari and crab filled dumplings. Everything was tasty. I'll be back!
3.5 stars... After carefully consideration I chose Pho Grand to de-virginze me into the world of pho (pronounced "fuh"). So unfortunately I can't say how pho grand's pho stands up to everyone else's but I hear that it's one of the best places in NYC to go for the Vietnamese soup. Unlike ramen pho is often served as an appetizer to a larger meal. Although there are a lot of variations the typical kind is the beef broth based soup with rice noodles and topped with ultra thin slices of beef which are pretty rare but quickly cook and change color in front of your eyes in the hot soup. There are different types of beef but brisket and eye of round seem to be common, they pretty much tasted like roast beef slices to me. I've had rice noodles before in pad thai but never before in a soup, they're ultra soft and have a smooth texture with almost no need to chew. Pho Grand gives you raw bean sprouts on the side so you can put as little or as much of those in as you'd like which I can certainly appreciate. Each table has condiments and the two most common to mix with pho would be the hot pepper sauce or the hoisin sauce (a sweet bbq-type sauce made from sweet potatoes). I found just a little hoisin sauce added to the addictive quality to the already tasty beef broth. Personally I'd rather a Chinese noodle soup where you get more meat and the noodles have more of a texture and substantial quality to them but I still enjoyed the pho (which is $5.95 here). I also ordered the Bi Cuon (a rice paper roll stuffed with lettuce and shredded "pork"). I thought this was disgusting but it's most likely my misunderstanding on what it was, not on Pho Grand's ability to put out a good product. What I was expecting was a hot spring roll type of thing but instead of crispy and fried it would be thin because of the rice paper filled with some lettuce and a Vietnamese seasoned shredded pork. What bi cuon is a cold appetizer, the rice paper is more of a thick rubbery material not so much a "paper", and the shredded pork is actually cooked and cooled pork skin which is translucent and has many of the properties of a rubber band in that they're stretchy, bouncy, and don't have too much flavor (so I'm guessing). I found the service not to be that good though. While other patrons who go seated after me immediately got tea, I was never given any and I sat with my bowl empty waiting for a check for at least 15 or so minutes looking around for a waiter before I got one (the place only had 6 or so people eating at the time). On the plus side unlike a lot of the restaurants I've been to in the Chinatown area Pho Grand was very clean, well laid out with plenty of elbow room, and had a nice interior design and they also take credit cards.
Maybe I came on an off day but today I came with four friends.  No problem seating us which was nice but we all got different kinds of pho and cha gio and none of it was good.   My pho broth was tasteless and some of the beef was really sinewy.  Really spotty service as well.
It is bad I did lunch there three days last week?    Great beef pho in a nice place in Chinatown.
5 stars for: The Beef Pho broth In my opinion a great broth is one that is very cloudy with a visible layer of fat accumulating at the top right after it slightly cools, representing a high amount of beef bone marrow used. Pho Grand delivered with flying colors in this area. Beef Pho Ribeye/Flank I always order the rare steak on the side so I can decide how much it to be cooked (always very rare in my case, about 5 seconds in the piping hot broth). That said, I lot of places give you frozen steak on a plate which is both unappetizing and takes longer to cook. Pho Grand brought me a well stacked plate of fresh, only slightly chilled ribeye. Fresh Avocado Shake Most Boba places use powdered Avocado powder for their shakes. Some Pho places   skimp out and use a little fresh avocado and a lot of ice to make up for lost mass. As far as I'm concerned Pho Grand used an entire fresh avocado in the shake concerning there was not much ice and even fresh bits of avocado left at the bottom of my glass. The shake tasted like guacamole through a straw. Delicious for those who crave a well made Avocado shake. Cons: The eggrolls were tasty but undercooked, leaving too much rice dough in the center. A trip to Vietnam in the near future should cement my ideals.
Everything I ordered was really well done. I'm a foodie and these ARE the best Vietnamese beef noodles in Manhattan (also beats Pho Bang in Flushing Queens). The noodles have a great texture cooked to perfection. The beef was more tender than in other beef noodles I've had (really good). I guess I could say that I would have liked more sliced onions or something - but why rate something that isn't there because its not like I sorely missed it. Some people might though. The flavor made up for it and I was stuffed anyways. Plus - its super cheap considering you're in Manhattan  its 6.50 for any large bowl of soup noodles (but then again its chinatown so a lot of things are cheaper). My group ordered the beef cubes which are very flavorful. You can't go wrong with these actually. (guys would really like this dish. Well...its meat and its flavorful who wouldn't. and the guy friend i was with practically inhaled these). comes with bowl of rice. And the caramel fish. Don't let the name throw you off - its not sweet and nasty. It's savory and slightly sweet - I recommend it for something who wants something a little different (its salmon btw). It was pretty good. The portion isn't that big - but you get rice with it so i thought it was pretty filling. I've had it before and this place makes it better. also comes with bowl of rice. And the sweet and sour squid. Which i thought i wasn't gonna like because i thought it was gonna be tough and frozen squid. But its really soft and well perfectly squid like. I never order sweet and sour anything because I could make this myself. Plus it seems so take-out like. But this was also a pretty good safe dish to choose too. (rice bowl too) I've had this flavor too much though so i wouldn't order it again but i'd eat it if someone else did. Service was really quick. Not rude or overly nice. Don't expect someone to hold your hand. For what I had I would give it a 5, everything was really good. But like the yelp star says, 4 stars is "I'm a fan" and 5 is "as good as it gets" and i'm pretty sure it isn't as good as it gets. I would go here again for casual Vietnamese food yup.
This is THE spot for Pho. Things I look for when seeking it out. Generous portions. Yes. Fresh vegetables. Yes. And again, generous portions and quality ingredients. The rare beef was amazing and sliced perfectly thin. Allows it to cook nicely in the broth and them melt in your mouth. I opt for tendon and tripe as well. Both were plentiful. Attentive Staff and priced very reasonable. And they DO serve beer + wine.
On cold rainy days I like to eat pho to warm myself up. Unfortunately I went into Pho Grand to try and do so. I ordered number one in the pho section of the menu; Big Bowl with brisket, navel, flank, omosa, tendon, and eye of round. When the soup arrived I knew this wasn't going to taste very good as the soup was murky and cloudy (not how "good' pho broth should look like). After the first mediocre taste I also noticed the soup wasn't very hot, but it didn't matter to much because I was cold and starving. Other than the luke warm soup the pho's portion size was definitely big and filled me up; not bad for the inexpensive price.
Thought the pho was really good here.  Probably the best broth I've had in the NYC area with plenty of noodles and good rare beef.  The broth could've been a bit hotter though.  Minor miss.  The fried egg rolls were a major miss.  Not crispy and light like they should be.  I would not order them again.  Service was as you would expect - lackluster.  Prices are cheap.  Good enough for me to come back when I need a Pho fix despite its shortcomings.
Came here on a recommendation but thought it was just okay.  The broth was kind of bland and they gave me mostly fat and tendon with just a couple of rare and well done pieces of steak.  They also only serve flat rice noodles and egg noodles.  They do not service rice vermicelli. I know that Chinese-run restaurants aren't famous for their customer service.  I lived in the Inner Richmond, a Chinese neighborhood in San Francisco, and did almost all my shopping at Chinese run businesses and ate at local Chinese restaurants.  I've never had problems communicating with Chinese people, even when they did not speak much English.  You point at things, make lots of gestures, and make faces to get your point across.  I found it weird how much trouble it was communicating at this place.  They also asked me to pay at the counter, which I thought was weird.  When I observed that one of their Chinese guests was able to pay a waiter, I asked the cashier why I was asked to approach the counter and pay.  She seemed to understand English perfectly fine when I came into the restaurant and asked her if I should order at the register or grab a table.  She said, "Of course, go to table."  Suddenly, she doesn't speak English.  Another patron who was bilingual asked her in Chinese for me.  She said I just need to flag someone down next time.  Um, that's what I did; he told me to pay at the counter.   I may only be "half" Asian, but I know Asian bullshit when I smell it.  Thanks for a shit-ton of fatty pieces and asking me to pay at the counter.  Of all people, immigrants to a foreign country should know better than to treat someone differently for being the minority.   Again, maybe it's just another NY thing?
Came here yesterday after seeing such great yelp reviews. I got #2, small - pho with fresh eye round, tendons and other items (I don't remember). The noodles and the fresh eye round was fabulous. The noodles are slightly thinner than other places and was cooked just right: soft and chewy. The beef was fresh. But my only complaint is the soup, thus why I gave Pho Grand 3 stars. Two important qualities of pho beef soup to me is 1: how hot the broth is 2: how long it lasts in my tongue and carries through with the noodle. The broth was not hot enough to slightly cook my bean sprouts and beef. My broth turned pinkish because of the raw beef, but the beef didn't cook a little more, it was basically a disc of pink meat. While some people prefer this, I don't, because pho is not steak carpaccio on top of noodles. Also, the depth of flavor in the soup was short-lived. When the soup first entered my moth, it was mellow beef, great but soon after, there was no substantial taste. Eating the soup along with the noodle almost felt like the soup was whispering "help! I barely exist." I also got Vietnamese spring rolls, they were standard, but a little on the skinny side.
A solid broth, fresh veggies, and they deliver in my neighbrohood (east village).
The only place I go for Pho!! Yummy, flavorful, hot, warm broth, delicious tender meats, and the best thing about this place is that the rice noodles has a slight chewiness.  am really in love with the texture of the noodles here, it's really different from other Viet restaurants around in Chinatown, and that is the reason why I only go back here. Not Nom San. Whether it's dine in or take out/delivery, the quality has always been superb. Spring rolls are crispy, and filling is delishh. Another thing is everything is dirt cheap 5-6 dollars for pho? Yes please!
Lots of seating, delicious pho, good prices.    The beef broth used in their pho is very savory.
While this place won't quite knock your socks off, it is one of the best places for pho. The menu is straightforward, the prices are cheap, and the stock is well done. A regular portion is costs about $8 and is definitely enough to fill you up.
I love pho, ESPECIALLY when it's cold and dreary out.  Met a couple of my closest girls here who undoubtedly feel the same way about pho and we had a grand time.  Womp womp.  The broth is delicious- not too bland, not too salty, not too MSG'y.  Plenty of meat in the bowls which I was very happy with.  And I love that they have small and large sizes.  Granted, the large is only $1 more and it makes more economical sense to get it, but time and time again I am reminded that my eyes are bigger than my stomach and I won't be able to finish it and I can't stand the sight of the half eaten bowl of great pho, so the small bowl is perfect for me. Wish they gave more basil but it's my own fault for probably not asking for it.  They do have hot peppers which is a plus.   All in all, probably my fav pho spot in Chinatown.  The place is big too, didn't realize they had an entire back room.  And they do tableside grilling of some meat that smelled pretty damn good.
It's pretty good pho for the East Coast. Doesn't compare to Vietnamese soups in CA. I had combination soup and an order of spring rolls. The spring rolls were very average - too much cabbage, falls apart when you dip/bite and the sauce isn't anything spectacular. But the soup was on the good side. The broth and meat were delicious!
I'm somewhat of a Pho snob coming from the west coast.  Living back west, I would have Pho at least once a week, and in my opinion - the quality of Pho of California and Seattle is among the best there is.  So one can imagine my disappointment when I moved to NY and struggled to find a solid place.  Well, after several years, I finally found Pho Grand and I have to say that it's now my go-to place to meet my Pho craving.  The broth is tasty, not too salty and not too bland.  The quality of the noodles and meats are great as well.  For the other NYC Pho connoiseurs out there looking for a solid spot, give this place a try!
What's really grand about this place are the prices!  Two bowls of pho filled with lots of meat and noodles for just under $15!  I've paid more for broth at other pho places, so it's great they don't skimp on the fixings here.
There's no beer on the menu, but they serve beer.  You just have to ask.  I had the veggie Pho and was pleased with it.  Although, the broth is a bit unusual, with the amounts of peppers and hot sauce I pour into it, it tastes just right.  Large amouts of veggies and tofu.  Cheap and easy.  Finally a Pho place in NYC that fulfills my cravings.  I have not tried other items on the menu, but have returned just for the veggie Pho, albeit the broth isn't veggie friendly.
Vietnamese spring rolls and beef pho both had little flavor. There was an abundance of stomach lining(tripe) and a serious lack of beef...since I'm thinking the beef is more expensive. Also the large pho isn't that large. I won't be coming here again.
visiting NYC and I wanted to try Pho Grand based on all the good Yelp reviews. I walked 7 blocks and through an ice puddle to get to the restaurant! was so looking forward to warming myself with the steaming pho and egg rolls. egg rolls were soooo good (made with the traditional rice paper), but the pho soup broth was not even hot---  it was just lukewarm and the beef was still rare in my soup! darn. i was let down. hopefully it was just an off day. this aside, the beef was of very good quality and was thinly sliced. was service was very kind and prompt, and the restaurant appeared very clean. i also saw the wait staff using tongs to put the basil on the dishes.
The pho here is mediocre at best. I love pho and I've tried many amazing pho restaurants in the past (caveat - these restaurants were not in New York. I'm still on the hunt for a good NY pho place. Suggestions anyone??). My main complaint about the pho here is the broth. Good pho broth is crucial to a good bowl of pho. The broth here looks dirty -- already a bad sign. Also, the first bite left my mouth coated with a layer of MSG. Yes, most Asian restaurants use MSG in their dishes, but I've never experienced this much MSG in a single dish. Service: no one in their right mind expects good service in Chinatown, so let's just say the service was just as expected :)
I totally forgot to review this place when I first ate here years ago. The people who run this place are Chinese, but are from Vietnam. They usually speak Vietnamese along with Chinese and other Chinese dialects. So the pho here you're eating is the Chinese version of pho. The pho here is decent. The broth here flavorful but it comes out slightly luke warm. The one rule of good pho is that it needs to be piping hot when served especially so you can cook the raw meat slices while you add toppings before eating. Also they really need to strain the the broth and get rid of the murkiness. Good pho broth shouldn't be murky! Other than that the toppings here are fresh. The meat is very tender. This place isn't bad if you're craving pho.
Had to drop this place to 4 stars because of the consistently unfriendly servers. They NEVER reply or acknowledge when you ask for something and they ALWAYS have a scowl on their face. These servers really need to learn how to serve. The Pho I'd still excellent but i don't have a happy dining experience because of the servers. Take an f***ing class!
Friends in town from Norcal and we needed our Sunday morning hangover cure. Pho So 1 was too far and I believe Pho Grand may be the closest to the E Village. We start out the door and I endure the constant "How much further?" and "Can we take a cab?" whines from the non-walkers. Finally get there and the Aircon is blowing cool air inside. Very Nice! The waiter didn't speak any English or Vietnamese which I thought was odd., and none of us speak Chinese so we were out of luck. We just used the pointing method. The fried and fresh spring rolls were good. I order my standard. Tendon, Meatballs, Tripe and Rare Beef on the side. It s good, but not great. I wish the broth was hotter but oh well.  The meat didnt come on the side, but I had my doubts when i ordered. The tendons were chewy and tender. The beef balls were beef balls and the tripe was clean. My only problem was that the broth wasn't piping hot. I'll probably go here more often cuz it is close and right next to the subway.
Pho broth tastes watered down. Service is a hit or a miss. Food comes out really fast though. If you're hungry and in a rush, seems like theres always seating .  But when you are done with your food, the waiters will try to rush you out by giving you the stares and hovering around your table. The summer rolls are pretty good though. Price is cheap. $5 - $10 depending if you order only pho noodles or also with an appetizer.
Great pho, and SUPER cheap. I stick with the #1 special and all of its tendony yummy goodness. Sometimes I feel like the broth can be hotter, but this past visit my pho was PERFECT. Umptious and super hot just the way I like it; PACKED with an amazing eye round (along with the tendon, tripe, etc). Tons of sauces are readily available at your table so you can make your broth as spicy as you like. Other things I like to get here include: dumplings, summer rolls, and fish! They give you a wonderful whole fish with rice thats fresh and prepared well. This place is really ideal for groups because they have a large space, they serve alcohol, and the food is a real value.
I'm from San Jose, CA and all my friend are Vietnamese so when I moved to NYC with huge disappointment, the Viet food was not up to par. The pho broth is GOOD! Now that I've tried Pho Grand, this is close to home. The flavors are great and they even have beef fondue like home.  I'll have to try that some day.
Ugh. New York pho. I guess this is one of the better ones around. Ugh. New York pho.
I came here last night with a friend for dinner. I had been craving pho for a few weeks and just really needed a fix. I ordered the pho with shrimp (it had the beef broth). It was filling, hot and tasty, however, the broth was nothing spectacular. While it satisfied my craving, it was certainly not the best bowl of pho I've ever had. We also ordered malaysian tofu randomly - this dish was AMAZING. It was flavorful, the tofu was soft and well cooked. The brown rice it came with (not sure why it came with brown rice, as neither of us ordered it and I could have preferred white) was dry and old tasting. I also ordered a soda chanh (lemon soda), but they gave me some custard-like egg-y smoothie instead. I figured it was too much trouble to try to communicate that it wasn't what I ordered, so it just went to waste. That's probably half my fault though. I'll be back to try some of the other dishes on the menu.
A big bowl of pho under $8 will always get five stars from me unless, of course, the chef pho-cks it up. The service is a hit or miss, but I nibble on bean sprouts to pass the time. There's extra seating in the back, and in the men's bathroom, a sign that reads 'hand dryer' hangs right above a hand dryer to remind patrons what the machine sticking out of the wall is intended for, I guess. Thanks for the consideration.
Even on a hot day you cannot beat this Pho.  Great taste and a great price. It is so filling you do not even need apps or entrees.  I want to try their regular food but its so hard to go and pass up on the pho.  Maybe one day. Pho Grand - In!
went with a group Saturday, late-ish, just before closing, which we didn't know until after we ordered. Service was fast and friendly, we never felt rushed at all. Some of the dishes we were able to try were the sauteed bee with lemongrass, summer rolls, Malaysian tofu and the curry chicken. All I can say is this will probably be a regular stop for us in the LES. The prices are very reasonable, and even being there near closing time, the food quality was very good.
On a cold Saturday morning at 12 pm there was plenty of tables available and we got seated right away. Be aware that 1h later there was already a line waiting to be seated. In fact, before we even finished putting on our coats the next customers were already accommodating themselves on "our chairs". On a place full of local patrons, there was also some of them probably belonging to Zagat, Yelp (others?..)  territories. Being Pho Grand one of the highest rated Vietnamese in town the expectation was nothing but high. I have to say that having experience Pho in only a few occasions, including Bay area and 3 other places in NY, maybe I am not the best one to judge what I had. But I was overly disappointed. I found the broth not tasty enough. The meat tougher than it should be, and the cilantro not very fresh. That being said, I guess that at $5.50 (small) or $6.50 (large) the order, for a dish that is comforting no matter what, I would repeat. Also because the service was friendly and I liked them. Additionally, we also had the sweet and sour squid which was actually very good. I am still wondering how they get the squid to have that amazing texture that melt on your mouth. The seasoning was right on point, not too sweet not sour either and the broccoli crunchy, tasty and well done. Since the menu offer a large amount of Vietnamese dishes and considering that the squid was very good, I am not leaving Pho grand on a side among the choices. However, I will stick to Cong Ly when in need for a pho-fix in NY.
Their pho was just ok. It was fine and if you want pho think it's a good a place as any for it.  Maybe my expectations were too high? Their other foods were just ok too but the price is pretty great.  And I have to say, their management and staff really made up for a lot.  They were super friendly and very prompt.  Overall, would recommend it for a cheap bite.
The pho here is great, pretty standard fare for the price. They do offer vegetarian pho (with lots of great veggies and tofu), which pleases the gf. Service is pretty standard for what you should expect walking through the door. You will get someone to come over and take a drink and food order, but if you need anything else (eg. refill, condiments, the check, et al) then you'll have to flag somebody down. The Vietnamese coffee is traditional and delicious. Last time I was there, I had the spring roll and grilled pork vermicelli noodle dish. It was pretty amazing and I will get this on those off days where I don't feel like soup. Our last trip to Grand pho also included vege fried spring rolls and crab cream cheese wantons, both of which were off the charts. The first time I was here they also had a phone charger for my iPhone5, which I thought was above and beyond. Bottom line, if you like Vietnamese food, pho in particular, this is a great place to make your regular spot. They are just minutes from the train, the place is clean, and the food is authentic, both in taste and price. The only reason I don't give them 5-stars is because I wish they offered smaller sized portions of the pho, and I'd like to see bánh mi offered on the menu. Still, a very solid place that everyone should add to their repertoire. boom. You're welcome.
Finally, Pho broth that is spiced and light and delicious, not just heavy and beefy. This is my new go-to place for Pho---an essential NY winter coping mechanism...
They say pho is traditionally a breakfast dish. Here I would be more than happy to eat it anytime of the day. Sip your soup away. PS their pork chops are also impressive!
Finally found a good pho place in New York! The summer rolls and pho were delicious. The broth for the pho is much better than other places in NY.
Horrible service. We walk in and ask for water when we got seated with tea and the guy gave us a dirty look. Bf asked for pho with no cilantro and they come with no onion and cilantro... Won't give him onion because they said it's all mixed in.. Really? You can't cut up an onion?! Therefore he had no vegetables in his pho. Lastly it took forever to get our check. Idk how their one of the best in Chinatown when their customer service is horrible. Never coming back.
I think Stephanie T is right on with her review of Pho Grand. It's nothing remarkable, but the Pho is tasty here. They do give you more beef than the other Chinatown Vietnamese locales and the broth is sometimes just what you want. I do prefer this location because it's never as crowded as the other restaurants and more convenient to the train . Somehow it seems more relaxing. And they do the vietnamese coffee well here (espresso w/ condensed milk, yum!).
This is my back up Viet place if Nam Son is packed. The food here isn't bad, just slight variations. If you're looking for a quick bite, with no need to wait for a table, this is the place to go. If you're looking for really good viet food, I'd head down the block to Nam Son. Either way, this serves as a decent alternative.
Let's clear something up here...this "Vietnamese" restaurant is not very authentic.  If you are Vietnaemse and grew up eating Vietnamese food, you'll understand what I mean.  This place has Chinese owners Chinese staff with a Vietnamese menu. I am Vietnamese and not only did I grow up with a mom who is an amazing cook and made everything from scratch, I also grew up in Southern California where there is an abundant amount of amazing restaurants to say the least...I premise myself like this because there are some of you out there who are interested in finding authentic spots and then there are some of you who are looking for..well good (enough) Vietnamese food. i was dragged to Pho Grand by a non-Viet friend because for the most part, I had always avoided this place.  Seeing all that Chinese writing and staff gave me the willies and a feeling that it wouldnt be very authentic. My friend, is not Vietnamese but she definitely knows her Vietnamese food since she has been eating it all her life. She frequents this place for their bo nhung giam which she affectionately calls "beef fondue". During this visit, i was very surprised by how good the bo nhung giam and chao gio were. My second visit proved to be just as impressive when we ordered the above and ca kho to, canh chua and the fried banana dessert (fried banana balls and neopolitan ice cream. very tasty and pretty).  The ca kho to was too sweet and our only option for fish was salmon (vs the traditional ca bong lau) but the canh chua was excellent, even better than the other Viet restaurants I normally go to. Call me stubborn but I'm still not ready to try out their pho. Not sure if I want to risk it since the pho at the other spots are good (enough).
The broth is not hot enough to properly cook the sprouts. Flavour-wise a little bland and tasted like they have added msg. Speed is amazing though, good for if you are on the go and not in the mood for something dry like  sandwiches.
Marinated Sesame beef with perfect Pho + unlimited green tea + Tsingtao + tax & tip = $12 Plus the service was great, the waitress even taught us how to write numbers in mandarin (or cantonese? can't remember). And the best thing was when I went there for take-out, I owed $6.25 and I only had $6 or my visa, and they told me not to worry about it, they took the $6 and gave me my food with a great smile! How many restaurants do that huh?
Delicious pho! I'm from San Jose and I would say this place is comparable to the pho restaurants in SJ, which has quite a sizeable Vietnamese population.
ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  The pho and #114 marinated beef cubes and onions over rice are awesome!!!  The pho comes out super fast and is probably one of the best in chinatown!!!  This is my go-to pho joint and i probably go once a weekend!!!  Awesome food for cheap. No complaints :)
Service is skeptical, but solid Vietnamese food for East Coast.  Tough critic here b/c I've gotten spoiled in the West Coast.......
This place rules. Great spring rolls and Pho. Though they serve lemon instead of lime, it was still delicious. Glad to have found this place!
Had the token Jewish Christmas Dinner here  (with a twist, I guess, Does Vietnamese count?)and..honestly there's not much to say. After reading a ton of yelp reviews I came in with huge expectations and left semi-disappointed with a huge belly ache. The food wasn't anything special, we ordered a bevy of appetizers and entrees. The highlights included the bok choy as well as the fried calamari. Service was a little spotty. The pho wasn't great and to be honest the meat was a little overcooked. If you want a good vietnamese meal go to Thai Son on Baxter Street.
This place is a really good Vietnamese restaurant. I am not going to lie. Their rice dish and the classic pho bowl are good. But in the 3 times I have gone, I regret it every time and since last year, I swore I was never going to enter this place ever again. There are other viet restaurants in Chinatown and even if they might not be as good- food is food. The reason for my low rating is that this place has TERRIBLE service. The first time I went was with my mom. It was during a non-busy hour and when we went in, a lot of the waiters were just standing around talking instead of approaching us and directing us to a table. So my mom and I sat down randomly and we waited for 3 minutes - no one even bothered to come over and bring us the menu because they were so busy talking. So my mom signaled and finally, a male waiter approached us and gave us the menu. A little while later, a male waiter came over and asked us what we want. My mom wasn't sure what the dish she wanted was call so she attempted to describe it to the waiter. Not only was he impatient, his attitude was HORRIBLE. My mom just ended up ordering a different dish right off the menu. The food took a long time to come. We left minimum tip and left after eating. The second time I went was because my friend insist that it's not so bad- so I figure I will give it another shot. WRONG decision. The service was horrible once again. They talked to us rudely and rushed us. The second we were done (literally...didn't even approach them for a check yet), they shoved it onto our table. RUDE. The last and final time I ever went to this place was with my boyfriend. I feel bad for giving him such a bad experience and honestly, I keep wondering why I went back in the first place. Their service was bad (like usual), the food took forever and it was SO hard to catch anyone's attention. So that's that. Yes, the food is good but no matter how good a restaurant makes their food- I strongly believe that if the service is bad, then that's enough reason to not go to that restaurant so I am never going to go back to this place ever again.
Pretty much moved from nam son which is another spot a block away to here. I started coming back after college. I forgot how good and original everything tasted (this restaurant opened since I was in middle school). Some good stuff to order-- pho #1: really good broth, anything with grilled pork or chicken (marinade is so delish), beef cubes with fried rice, summer rolls, and salt & pepper squid. I haven't had anything that is bad or any bad experience which explains the 5 stars.
I think this place is good.  I got the #1 in a large and found that the large and small sizes pretty much look the same.  Get the small to save a couple bucks.
Beautiful chinese eggplant!!  Not the best Chinese food I've had, but it definitely hit the spot.
me and my husband ordered pho he got one with grilled pork and i ordered mice with beef the small portions are huge and we loved them! vietnamese spring rolls are also great!
Pho-get about it! When it comes to Vietnamese cuisine, I'm a picky bird. Growing up in San Francisco, beef seven ways was a way of life and after moving to NYC I felt like I'd lost my old food friends. Fortunately, Pho Grand fills that void and my belly - all for under $10. The design is old school with dark wood paneling and pretty plentiful seating. The service is friendly and fast. While the menu isn't huge, they've got most of the basics and entrees don't exceed $15. I still wish that Vietnamese restaurants served spring rolls in the deconstructed form so I could put my own together with all the fixings but their version is still tasty and I loved the savory peanut sauce. On to the pho-real deal. On the table you'll find a pile of bean shoots and lemongrass, along with an array of red chili, plum and seasoning sauces. You'll want to use these since the broth itself is rather bland. With pho, the beef is sliced very thin, almost thin enough to see through and the boiling hot broth is poured over the noodles and raw meat. The meat is quickly cooked in the hot broth in the time it takes to garnish the soup. I enjoyed the broth and the meat was alright, though I found myself dipping it in the sauces directly due to blandness. Recently, my lunch date generously shared some of his grilled pork pho with me. Oddly the broth comes out with the meat on the side. I have to say though, despite the break with tradition, I would have ordered that grilled pork as a side. Dang! If you enjoy a solid and traditional Vietnamese meal, Pho Grand should be a stop on your tour of Chinatown.
Being one of the only two pho places I'd step foot into, Pho Grand definitely takes the cake. The broth is always a sure hit and I have always left so happy after eating here. Also had great delivery experience but I would definitely reccomend eating AT pho grand.
We were very excited to try this place after recommendations from friends and good reviews. The place though did disappoint us! I love Vietnamese food and this place apart from serving the usual vietnamese fare also tries to serve the usual chinese food. The spot is nice and has ample seating in the front and back. I ordered the dish with pork slice, rice and shreeded pork and my friend she ordered the pad thai. The pork which was there in my dish was definitely not fresh and after tasting it I realised that I made a big mistake by ordering it. The best part of my food was the fish sauce! Coming to my friend's meal , first of all her meal did not look like a traditional pad thai and had so many carrots. On top it it had su much juice inside the noodles and it was sweet. My friend also could not finish her meal. This is definitely not a place to have a decent meal!
Amazing pho. I lived in Hawaii, my best friend in college is from Cali and I love pho. The pho at Pho Grand is so delicious, huge, satisfying and cheap! They have fast service, great selection and nice accoutrements to compliment the broth and ingredients. Always my go to for people who love pho or have never tried it! LOVE IT
Vietnamese restaurants in Chinatown seldom impress or even satisfy me. Having had many misses with Vietnamese places in NYC, I was admittedly a bit reluctant to try Pho Grand for the first time. Jesus Christ, what in the world was I waiting for?! I wish someone had told me how good this place is a long, long time ago... so I could have avoided all those mistrials at other inferior joints. First off, Pho Grand is quite clean compared to other Chinatown restaurants. The ambiance is acceptable, the menu filled with proper English and the prices very affordable. No wonder more than half of the diners there on the Friday evening I visited were Caucasian. I guess they had all turned to Yelp and I just missed the memo? As far as the food goes, the boyfriend and I ordered our usual. He had the #1 xe lua pho, I ordered the bun (vermicelli) with grilled pork, and we shared the cha gio spring roll appetizer. The spring roll wrappers were crispy and not too oily, and the filling tasted pretty fresh. I was also very happy with my bun dish, as the vermicelli was nicely steamed and the miscellaneous veggies providing some nice crunch. I was even more blown away by the grilled pork that accompanied my vermicelli, which were beautifully charred, thinly sliced pieces of sweet and savory pork. In fact, it was almost jerky-like, reminding me of the awesome fresh pork jerky I had in Shanghai this winter. While I didn't try any of the bf's pho, he was very pleased with it. I am so glad to have discovered this place, I'm sure to become a regular here in no time!
I am Vietnamese and live in Orange County, where we are spoiled rotten with sun and authentic Vietnamese food so this is a semi-biased review.  The food was solid considering what's available in Chinatown New York. First off, service is awesome.  They are so nice, fast, and accommodating. Spring rolls/summer rolls- some of the freshest I have ever had.  Solid.  Absence of meat though. Broken rice with egg cake and pork chop - Solid pork chop. Egg cake is a pass. Che ba mau - decent.. only had 2 beans instead of the typical 3. Pho Xe Lua - Solid. Averages prices: $5-7
Ducked in from the latest polar vortex and icy streets for a big warming bowl of #7 Pho Tái Gân, and it didn't disappoint. Combo of beef slices (eye of round) and tendon bobbed in a good broth -- a little on the light side, but fresh tasting and no off flavors -- easily enriched with squirts of hoisin, chili and soy and a squeeze of lime. Tendon pieces were tender but still had a slight, gelatinous crunch/chew -- nice. Quick service and cheap. A good bet for pho in Manhattan Chinatown.
My boyfriend and I have been on a hunt for good pho for awhile now, and have been unsuccessful until Pho Grand. We've tried most, if not all, 4 star pho restaurants in NYC on yelp. However, I'm very picky or simply have high standards. I grew up on pho and know exactly how I want my pho. We've been to Pho Grand twice now, and both times have been good. I like to eat my pho with pepper sauce (like sriracha, but with actual pepper seeds), so I was happy that it was available. I don't really care for restaurants that think their broth is amazing and that the only thing you need is sriracha, if even. The price is average for a large bowl of pho. (Please Note: Pho should never cost more than $7, if even. If you spent more than that, consider going to another place.) The broth was good, but then I tossed in the pepper sauce and added some fish sauce, so I'm not sure if that's an accurate review of the broth. The noodle was fine - cooked enough. In addition to pho, I ordered my usual - summer rolls. Again, I know how I like my summer rolls. I wasn't impress with the summer rolls. The vermicelli was thin and it looked like it was refrigerated (both times I was there). Summer rolls should never be refrigerated because it loses its taste. The ingredients/stuffing was pretty standard. However, they did not have a pork & shrimp combo, which is what I usually order. Besides that, the peanut sauce was pretty good. The price is average. (I honestly don't understand why two rolls cost $4.50 when you can make 30+ rolls for under $10.)
We went again for lunch today. It was packed as usual. The Pho was flowing as usual. This place is amazing. $5.50 for the small (finishing as I type this) bowl of Pho. Please go, ASAP.
It's quick, fast and filling bowls of pho. I didn't think it tasted particularly good and the price could be better. At least you can get in and out of there in 15 minutes if you're hungry. Interesting thing to note--I was the only asian diner when I was there. Make of it what you will.
its almost impossible to find the taste of PHO broth as good as homemade back at home (SF BAY AREA) but this place comes close! Ordered the #9 PHO TAI GAU (brisket and steak) which was amazing. definitely would recommend this place to any one who is looking for some good traditional vietnamese PHO.
My pho was tasty, abundant, and cheap.  A good spot for an evening snack before hopping on the train.
I came here after my friend Ana N. tugged at my sleeve about it for 4 months or so. I think these guys pay her to get them business. I mean, she spends about 20% of her waking time propagating Pho Grand. So we land up here on a rainy Saturday night. Perfect day for Pho! We ordered the vegetarian pho and the fried rice. The fried rice was simple - well cooked, with fresh veggies and healthy. The pho. Let me talk a little bit about the Pho now. It arrived, piping hot, smelling of the fresh lemongrass and all the crisp veggies in it. We crushed the basil in it, adding an otherwordly sharp lemon-camphor-basil flavour. The taste was warm, and it made me happy to feel the soup go down my throat. The rice noodles were sparkling white and soft. This pho made me so happy I almost wagged my tail. We got the jasmine ice-cream for dessert, and like all things jasmine, I loved it! Whoever thought of putting flowers in dessert was a clever man. Our food was affordable and flavourful, the service quick and friendly. A great place to stop by for some hearty food - I will be back!
We have been coming to Pho Grand in the last few years. It was a great place to warm up in winter or rainy days. We loved to order its #1 pho which had every cut of beef and the broth was especially soothing. The service was efficient and no non-sense.
-Straight up awesomeness goes on here -I loved the Lemon Grass Chicken, Green Peppers and Onions in Chili Sauce (#83) -Next time I sit down and eat here ,Two take out orders so far -Staff seemed very friendly -Takes credit Cards in chinatown that is not always an option it was late and Prosperity was closed, was hungry and low on cash. -18a Summer Roll Shrimp, Vegatable with Rice Paper tasted so good as well -I can't wait to go back maybe next week -WILL definitely try the soups, was looking at Rice Noodle Beef Soup (#2 -Plenty of tables in the front and the back Probability of coming back within one year: 110%
I recently ordered in and could not be more disappointed! The broth came luke warm and did not cook the eye round. I called in to request more broth since I was unable to warm it up in my apt, we had no microwave and the gas was broken. This is when the meal went from BAD to WORSE! When I called I was met with  anger, and a general rude attitude, but they eventually relented and agreed to send more broth. When the delivery guy arrived he demanded the old broth back, but did not provide enough for myself and my BF. When i confronted him he scolded me and ran away. They easily lost a repeating customer. I will never order from them again!
This is my favorite spot when I need a pho fix. The broth is really tasty and they give generous portions for the price. Definitely a lot better than any pho I've had around Queens, and cheaper! I just wish it came with sliced jalapeño, but that's a really minor drawback. It tends to get pretty packed, but I've never had to wait a ridiculous amount of time to be seated. Seating is usually pretty fast for two.
This has been my go-to Pho place ever since they opened, maybe 2003? I've been maybe 100 times and never been let down. Nice decor and friendly waitstaff as well. Get the number 1 combination big bowl, or the grilled pork pho. Good job, guys!
I used to come here atleast once a week until two recent experiences: 1. The quality of the pho varies. The past two times, I found the broth to be very oily and murky. 2. The waiters are very rude. Although tolerable in the beginning, one waiter who I had the misfortune of having serve me the past two times, likes to clean the table while you're still sitting there, i.e. pouring bowls of soup into other bowls in order to plate/bowl stack because apparently walking back and forth is not an option. While doing this, I was splashed with this oily pho broth on both occasions. Utterly unacceptable. When I tried to speak with a manager I was quickly dismissed. I didn't think this service was worthy of a tip, however, I left a few dollars for my sub $20 meal (more than generous for the level of service). I later noticed they decided to add their own tip to my credit card charge. Good thing I kept the credit card receipt. I never like to write bad reviews on Yelp, especially since I think angry, one-time customer reviews on small businesses can seriously hurt ones livelihood for unfair reasons, however, this place and the people here are not worth your money.
Whatever. So so pho, fo sho. Price tag and service aint to shabby though. And the crowd is def more SoHo then HCMC if you know what I know...
Pho is best on/when/as: -you have a hangover -cold, rainy days -you're sick aka have a hangover -you want cheap eats -a healthier option when you don't feel like eating pork belly, fried chicken or a 40 oz steak (my usual weekday line up) -you want soup that actually fills you up Pho Grand satisfies all of the above. Their pho is consistent - not watered down/simmered for 10 hours with too much anise/too oily - has a good, hearty flavor to it and easy on the pocket. They don't skimp on the noodles or meat, accept credit card and have a large room in the back to accommodate groups. If you want your meat cooked to your liking, ask for it on the side when you order. It's like secret code, similar to animal style at In-N-Out. I could have exaggerated that a bit. You can thank me later.
Very good Vietnamese food in a cute, wood-paneled room with a high vaulted ceiling and worn, heavy wooden tables that will whisk you away to a mythical little guest house somewhere along the Silk Road. The food was on par with my beloved Pho Na Trang on Baxter, but possibly slightly cheaper and with vastly improved decor. Pho Grand also has the tremendous advantage of not being right next to the courts, so you get less of the blue-uniformed walkie-talkie wearing riff raff.
Decent place for pho. Definitely better than the other places in the area. Prices may be higher than other states but pretty standard for NYC.
i've been going with a friend to nam son down the street for months without knowing this place existed.   so sad, i could have been eating at pho grand all this time.  loved their spring rolls.  loved their pho.  loved that weird thing with the grilled pork and tiny rice noodle palate thing. of course the place is actually run by chinese people, but who cares?  it's dirt cheap and damn delicious.
Recently a friend of mine visited from out of town. When I asked her what she wanted to do she gave me the dreaded, "Whatever. I don't care." (Uuuuuugh! I hate that response from visitors.) So, I prodded... Me: "Really? You can't think of anything you want to do in New York City?" Her: "Nah. I'm happy just hanging out with you!" (Ugh. You would be. haha) I: ::Puts on thinking cap and asks the perfect question:: "Think about your favorite meal? What is your favorite thing to eat that you haven't eaten in a while?" She: ::lights up (figuratively) on the other end of the phone:: "Hangover soup!" Myself: "Hangover soup?" Then my friend proceeded to tell me the wonders of the Vietnamese soup known as Pho (pronounced "Fuh"... sorta like the first two letters of Fu--). I couldn't believe she could be this balls to the wall over soup, but it gave me a direction in which to take our little NYC journey, so it was coolio. We ventured to Chinatown and she was blown away when we walked into the epic Pho Grand. We were quickly greeted and grabbed a seat. Something odd I noticed right away was the diversity of the patrons inside. It seemed like there were Brooklyn hipsters, upper east siders, locals, tourists, couples, groups... this place was hoppin'! The inside reminded me of a hunting lodge with wooden paneling on the walls and wooden chairs/tables - the neon lights in the window added to my perception that this place was a northern Michigan bar plopped into NYC and inhabited by a Vietnamese restaurant. 81/2 by 11 printed signs were on the mirrors (also adorning the walls) proclaiming a couples wine special. Smooth jazz played on the airwaves overhead. All of this taken into consideration, I was a bit nervous. Service was quick and helpful. With a little guidance I picked my variety of Pho. While waiting we made jokes about how the soup would be "Pho-nomina" and talked about how much "Pho-Pho-Fun" we were having. When the soup arrived I was hungry and inspired, so despite my trepidation, I dug in. It was as Photastic as I could have hoped! Definitely a filling bargain, too. This wasn't just a little cup of soup, this was a heaping bowl of noodles, broth, veggies, sprouts, herbs, spices, and marinated beef came on the side. You have to eat the soup half with a spoon and half with chopsticks, but that's alright with me! I couldn't even finish my "soup" because there was so much of it. It was definitely Pho-illing! It looks like another trip to Pho Grand is in my future, perhaps next time I'll have it as Hangover Soup, instead of just dinner.
Horrible place, I had heard great things about this "A" restaurant, 1st time i went was mediocre and the 2nd time just got extremely sick on the GArlic Shrimp, It was stale and simply didnt taste fresh,(perhaps a dish you want to get mid day not at nite and it looks like calamari pieces, def. not whole calamari People love tasty food and cheap prices, that philosophy will not get you too far in stinky overrated chinatown. overall 1 star is too many.
I recently learned that the "Pho" as in "Pho Grand" is pronounced sort of like "feh," like a really delicate "f" with barely a vowel to follow it.  Anyway, I try to avoid saying any of the actual words on the menu and often order by number.  Since I don't order often enough to have my favorite numbers memorized (though I think it's like 41a.) I'll have to use words to describe my highly endorsed dish.   So, if you like pho, something I had never had before til my experience with Pho Grand, you know that the broth has an infusion of cardamom or whatever it is.  The soup comes with noodles, veggies, sprouts and your choice of meat.  If you get it to go, Pho Grand is really good at packaging everything separately and then you get to sort of make your meal on your own.  Though this was appealing to me, other people at work didn't find it as cute.  I don't suggest the chicken because it was all fatty dark meat (though flavored well) and this is not up my alley. I prefer to order the vermicelli noodles with veggies and spring rolls (these are not vegetarian so don't be duped).  They cut up pork spring rolls and use them to decorate the vermicelli.  I recently accidentally ordered shrimp in this dish and it was decently sized, butterflied, grilled and delicious.   The noodle dish comes with a liquid that you pour over the noodles, and I like that a lot.  Also, don't forget to ask for hoisin and hot sauce if you're taking it to go - or I guess even if you're sitting at the table.  This dish is big and really filling.  I also tried the fried rice and I liked that a lot.  A lunch entree is around $8, by the way. They aren't exactly quick enough to make this a streamlined order out/lunch experience.  We usually have to order over phone about 15-20 minutes before we want to pick up.  The man there is very very nice to us though, and this smile and attentive service is much appreciated.   Eat alone, with friends or take your Pho to Go!
This place has gotten bigger thanks to a new back room and also new bathrooms.  This place has the typical Vietnamese cuisine but there's something different about this place compared to others.  The spring rolls looked tiny but were hot and crispy.  The pho was full of noodles and beef.  The prices here are decent.  It looks like this will be my spot for Viet in chinatown.
do re mi pho so la ti do I had to get that out of my system.   While I had the pho and we shared an order of spring rolls, my girl and her son partook of the rice dish menu, much to their demise.  The beef and onion curry was actually worse than from a bullet-proof Chinese take-out joint and her son's serving of beef kabob type thing was as chewy as shoe leather.  My pho was absolutely delicious and the spring rolls were, agreeably, some of the best I have ever tasted.   Let me just jump in here and say that I know absolutely nothing about Vietnamese food but it seems like this should have been better.  If we come back, we are sticking to the soup.
One of the reasons I love Yelp is the propensity for mass agreement on how delicious certain restaurants are. Makes finding a lunch spot a lot easier. Pho Grand definitely fits that bill, serving the type of authentic and tasty Pho that I've been accustomed to, away from Los Angeles. And one point I've got to make: the service is here is excellent! For the affordable prices, I wasn't expecting people to be so ready to help. The decor and atmosphere also very nice to sit down and enjoy your lunch. I'd recommend the #1 special as far as the soups go.
Recently I had lunch at Pho Grand. (We only had an hour meter parking and it was close to our car.) It's a charmingly small restaurant with lights hanging from a roof of wooden slats. It's not bad for a Vietnamese Chinatown place! Service was quick to outfit a table for our group and even quicker to get our food out to us. Speaking of which, dishes weren't expensive: I shared an order of gui cuon ($4.00; #18, summer rolls with shrimp and vegetables) which were decent, with a flavorful bean sauce. I had a bowl of pho (Tai Nam Gan Sach, or rice noodle beef soup with fresh eye of round, brisket, tendon, and omosa; $4.75 for a regular portion) which was chock-full of meat, hearty, and filling. (I don't want to know what the large serving looks like.) I tried the delicious grilled pork and the kitchen doesn't skimp on the chops. Recommended for a tasty, tasty lunch!
We've been coming to Pho Grand for years now and it's yet to disappoint.  I usually go for the goi cuon (summer rolls) and the Mue Chien Don (crispy squid), accompanied by the soda chanh (a type of lemonade).  Prices are extremely reasonable and service is fast and efficient.  Conveniently located across the street from the Grand Street  subway station!
I usually only go to the Viet place near me in Brooklyn on E. 18th St and Ave U, so I was a little disappointed I couldn't seem to find a place on Yelp for Manhattan pho with consistently good reviews. I ordered the #1 and the broth was not hot enough to fully cook my meat which was disappointing. My hot tea that came free of charge with refills was hotter than my broth. I ordered the Vietnamese spring rolls which were pretty good.
I have yet to find a pho spot to frequent. This place was ok. It's your typical NYC pho joint. The prices are similar ($6 a bowl) to the ones back in LA but the portions are smaller (their XL bowl was inbetween M-L). The flavors are not as strong and it's all the way in Chinatown. I would go back if I desperately need my pho fix. But I'll keep looking for that urban legend of a good pho place in NYC.
After a 2 hour walk around Chinatown, I decided to stop in and grab a nice big bowl of steaming hot Pho. I noticed that there was a "A" grading posted in the window. It didn't encourage me to walk in. I've past by this place numerous times, but haven't gone in. Once in I sat down and scoped out the menu. A lot of things looked really good. I ordered the #1, which is a large bowl of Pho with all the fixings. Beef slices, tripe, tendon and other meats. The service was fast and they were on the spot. This place would have gotten a 5 Star, but the dessert was a real disappointment. I ordered the Rainbow Ice which consisted of shaved ice, green jello pieces, red beans and sweet corn. I thought that it would be like Filipino Halo Halo where they would pour evaporated milk and make it sweet. Instead they use coconut milk. The texture was a bit grainy and lacked a lot of sweetness. I didn't finish most of it and didn't ask for sugar. I was actually full by then. The place has a lot of seating and the have a back room, so groups are no problem The prices are very good. The large bowl of Pho is only $6.25 at other places outside of Chinatown it sells for about $10. It's a good deal.
Although the service was accommodating, the quality of the food can be questionable. Within two hours of leaving the place, I wasn't feeling very well. Maybe, I just had bad luck that day but I don't think I will be returning anytime soon.
Fast fast fast service/food! Made a quick pit-stop in here when I took the Chinatown bus from Philly to NYC in order to fly out of JFK. Saw that Pho Grand wasn't too much out of the way from the subway and prayed I would be able to stop in for food really fast without missing my flight. I was in and out in 20 minutes, belly stuffed full of pho, and got to my gate with an hour to spare. If I lived around NYC Chinatown and wanted pho, I'd totally come back here when I didn't have to be so rushed -- it was a really cute, lots of wood accents and probably would make an OK casual date spot. And needless to say, the pho was good (but indistinguishable from any good/decent pho place); I wouldn't give 4 stars if it wasn't!
holy moly this place is amazing. had the spring rolls that you wrap in lettuce and the number 6. i am definitely coming here every time i visit ny from now on. amazzzzingggg!
Sorely disappointed. I ordered in Vietnamese, and he told me to order in English. It surprised me, but I still looked forward to the pho with open arms. Heh, here comes further disappointment.. We ordered the spring rolls, which were good. I got the grilled chicken pho. Grilled chicken and pho should never be eaten together.. in the same broth. Ew. I'm sorry, but it wasn't good. The broth was just off. 2 stars for the spring rolls, but that's it. Growing up in NorCal, it's also kind of comical to find a "Top 100 Chinese Restaurants" poster hanging on a Vietnamese restaurant's wall... umm, ok??
Love this place! I love their huge soup bowls with plenty of good fixings. Great price!
Why is it so pho-king hard to find a great pho place in Manhattan?! After eating at various other pho restaurants in the city, I was really beginning to miss living in Texas due to the many Vietnamese restaurants we have. Pho Grand finally satisfied my taste for great pho. No more bland beef broth and overcooked noodles. Quaint little place with great food. I go here at least once every two months, but with the winter coming soon, I'll be here more often.
Good cheap noodles that taste authentic. Huge space. Asian beers for 3.25. I've been here twice and the service is good. You can definitely get a meal for under ten bux and the pho is pretty darn hood and filling!
My favorite bowl of pho in Manhattan. So far. Growing up it the Bay area spoiled me for choice, and the generally anemic offerings here in New York have had me rather sad. Thank you Pho Grand for stepping up with a richly aromatic broth, perfectly cooked noodles, and plenty of brisket, tendon, and tripe. The condiments remained confined to a tiny dish that I dipped my meats into, leaving the broth pure until I drank every last drop, pho-shizzle (obligatory pho pun faux pas).
For what it is...it's NYC. There is no such thing as LEGIT pho, but since you  have no other options around here, this place and Thai son, would be my go to spots for pho, depending which area of C-Town you are in. Their cha gio, is definitely amongst the best i've had in NYC. The broth still lacks the heavy flavors of the star anise, ginger, cinnamon, cardmon and beef flavors of the pho of the DEEP SOUTH (Texas, Louisiana, Virginia, Georgia, and Florida etc)
It's my experience that most Chinatown Vietnamese places are pretty much the same. None are brilliant, most are pretty decent. Pho Grand is no different, though I think it excels in some places and is a little lacking in others. Somehow I think the pho here is better than other places. You get a little more beef, and the broth is quite good. I'm also a fan of the lemongrass tofu (#94). However, the grilled meat on rice vermicelli dishes (some of my favorites) and summer rolls are much more bland than elsewhere -- cabbage is often used where other places would use herbs (basil, cilantro, etc.), and sometimes the meat is not the best. Still, I like this place enough to give it four stars. And to eat there once a week. It's a great value.
first pho experience and it was a very good one. got a large #9 only finished about half of it (I am a 25/M/6'2/185#...no this is not a dating ad this is just so you get an idea of how much a Large order is...) Spring rolls were OK, though I don't think I am a spring roll "fan" in general... Brought the leftovers home (about 5 hrs after eating) and immediately heated them up and finished em off. I only rated it a 4 as i dont know if its as good as it gets?? later reviews hopefully to come!
My friends and I were walking around Chinatown in search of a pho place for a late night dinner. Since it was already 10PM nearly every restaurant was already closed and we were starting to lose hope when we found Pho Grand. Luckily for us, Pho Grand is open until 11PM even on weekdays. My first impression with Pho Grand was good; you can tell that they took the time to decorate the place and make it feel homey, a step up from the average hole-in-the-wall pho restaurant. I ordered the #2 Tai Nam Gan Sach (combo bowl with fresh eye of round, brisket, tendon & omosa in beef soup). yelp.com/biz_photos/yvg5… Though the ingredients were pretty fresh, I wasn't completely satisfied with my pho.  The noodles were overcooked and the soup wasn't scalding hot as if the bowls were sitting out for awhile before they were brought to us. Other than that, the medium size portion was the perfect size and the beef broth was better than average. They also have reasonable prices, $4.95 for a medium bowl of pho and $5.95 for a large. The service was inattentive, which I usually don't mind so much with pho places, but considering that the restaurant had 3 waiters working with only 4 to 5 tables to manage, we shouldn't have had to ask multiple times just to get a refill on tea. Perhaps the mushy pho and inattentive service can be attributed to late night dining, so I'd be willing to give Pho Grand another try. In my opinion, Cong Ly has the best pho in the Grand Street part of Chinatown but Pho Grand has a big advantage by being open late.
The pho in and of itself is pretty good. The broth has the right amount of shoulders and is not fatty at the same time, although this is not the best I've had. The pork chop is good too, being well-cooked and plentiful. I will come back for those. But the waiters are terrible. And perhaps the papaya salad betrays an inner lack of self-respect- what the hell do you think you are asking people to eat?? It was tasteless and we put it aside after one bite. I found the other reviewer's comment about how the staff don't speak Vietnamese- perhaps this is just yet another  beef noodle shop run by Chinese people pretending to be Vietnamese? who knows.
I was really craving Pho and Vietnamese food in general since moving to NYC and was impressed by Pho Grand's reviews on Yelp. I have grown up speaking Vietnamese though and have always been surrounded by delish Pho establishments so this was definitely a disappointment. // SERVICE // Terrible. The server was so NOT Vietnamese he could not even take our simple order in Vietnamese. I have been to Pho restaurants where even a Hispanic worker can take my order in Vietnamese. Our waiter was also very gruff and did not seem to want to bring us anything. // FOOD //     + Pho: The broth was murky. There is no better phrase for it as disgusting as that sounds. it was evident to us that our noodles were cooked in the broth itself instead of separately boiled which meant all the powdery residue found on the noodles wound up in our broth. I loved the tendon though which was gelatinous and chewy
Delivery is uber fast. Everything is still ridiculously hot - maybe because it's summer - but if you're hungry and you don't feel like going out, definitely order from here.
Disappointing but size of the entrees were good for the price. Bite sized spring rolls. Literally like 2 bites and they were gone. Pho broth was too light and salty. Maybe it was because they were running low on broth and added water and salt to make it last longer? But this was 8:30 pm on a Saturday night so it wasn't like they were closing. Not acceptable.
beef cubes over rice grilled pork over rice feeling something "asian-y" for lunch another one of chinatown's great hole in the walls. seated quickly, ordered quickly, ate quickly. sweet, kalbi-like pork savory, salty beef. oils absorbed by the rice. typical chinatown service.
I came here on my first night in NYC, alone and starving, around 9:30 PM.  Because the place is so small and I look a little out of place in my 'hood, I got quite a few stares: it was uncomfortable.  But damn it I was hungry, so I swallowed my pride in hopes that I would soon swallow something with calories, and sat down by myself at a four-person table. I wasn't even expecting anything delicious, but wow.  The food arrived in less than ten minutes, and I attacked that dish, attracting more unwanted attention from the, uh, social eaters.  I abused those sauces (hunger not being one of them) and savored the flavors of I-don't-know-what,-but-I-like-it.  God it was good. This is a fantastic value, or at least so are are their rice dishes, of which mine was delicious and very filling (oh, and about five dollars).  What I ordered didn't strike me as all that Vietnamese, but after all, I am in Chinatown, and for whatever it's worth, I like Chinese food (authentic or not) quite a bit.   Nice people working here, and much faster and attentive service than I got at Nam Son down the street.
good cheap pho served hot and fast, with the meat still pink and the attitude laid thick when you ask for jalapenos. fuggetaboutit.
So, this was my second Vietnamese experience... pretty good, I would argue. Before I begin, let me state that I did not try the pho. Pho seems to be beef based, and I really, really dislike beef, except in cheeseburger form. They have chicken, but...eh... So I decided to have the summer rolls (gui cuon, I guess) with a grilled pork chop, rice, and some kind of crab cake thingy.  The summer rolls were okay, a little tasteless except with the sauce. I should probably have listened when a friend recommended the spring rolls instead. The pork chop, however, was DELICOUS! I think it was seasoned with lemongrass, but all I know what that it was really great. Tender and flavorful. The accompanying crab cake... I don't know what was in it, but it was good. Really good. Service was okay... fast, and tolerably polite. The best part, however, were the prices... appetizer and entree for easily under $10. Can't go wrong with that.
Really? If I was in CT, this place would get 3 stars.  I have had better Pho in CT and Boston.  WTF is up with the lemons?!?  Limes go with Pho not lemons.  Sorry, but I expected more from a place with 4 stars in the city.
I realized tonight that I've come to judge pho by just a few factors: 1) How does it first look when presented? 2) How does that first sip of broth strike me? 3) How thin and rare is the beef (if ordering pho tai)? And Pho Grand did pretty well: 1) The bowl wasn't beautiful or anything, but still, any oil-tanker-sized bowl full of pho is going to look yummy, so: 3 stars. 2) The first sip here was pretty good!  Sometimes, pho broth is watery or bland.  Here, the broth had a nice body, and a mélange of flavors.  Could I identify those flavors?  No.  I'm not your Vietnamese grandmother.  But the flavors were pretty well mélanged up in there.  I've had better broth nearby, but this was tasty.  4 stars. 3) The beef was mostly rare, like it should have been.  But I felt like it could have been cut a little thinner?  3 stars. Aside from this, on the plus side, the spring rolls were tasty, my friend liked her strawberry smoothie, and the service was attentive.  On the down side... hard to put my finger on it, but, the decor and the feel of the place left something to be desired. If I could, I'd give it 3.5.
Decent and affordable Vietnamese fare. I love the summer rolls and crave the dumplings. They're also good at dealing with large (and rowdy) groups.
On a quest of finding the best/authentic Vietnamese in manhattan, I was here w/ a group of Yelpers and friends, most notably, the always funny, witty, and astute food critics Tam N. and Greg T. Our dinner got off on the wrong foot from the beginning, Tam and I tried to order in Vietnamese....**buzzz--big mistake***... the waiter stared at us with a completely blank look.  Uh...i'll just have # 75, please. Then our drink orders were forgotten for about 20min before we reminded them. Okay, fine, no one expects 5 star service in chinatown anyhow...what about the food? Pho Xe Lua: For me, Pho is all about the broth. Always sample virgin broth first!! Good broth should be relatively clear with little sediment. It should be fragrant with the aromas of star of anise, charred onion and ginger, cinnamon, cloves, Sweetness of the broth should come from the long simmer (ideally overnight) of oxtail or long leg bones, filled with fatty/sweet marrow. The long simmer is the most difficult part of making pho and where restaurants tend to skimp--adding more sugar or MSG to sweeten the broth. So with that said, the broth was okay...it wasn't too cloudy and had the right fragrance but...a tad too sweet, I thought--likely from sugar or MSG. The noodles and fixings are pretty standard fare and hard to mess up. Overall, it was decent. As for the other items....AVOID the vermicelli dishes. The grilled shrimp vermicelli (Bun Tom Nuong) was pathetic. These were not the large head-on prawns style shrimps--but 5 puny, shrimpy shrimps drowned in a bowl of vermicelli and garnished with paltry amount of shredded lettuce and bits of cucumber.  There was no basil or bean sprouts. The grilled pork and vermicelli ( Bun Thit Nuong) was also not any better. Overall, the pho was decent, but forget about practicing your Vietnamese here.  With the way they butchered the classic vermicelli dishes, I'm wary of trying anything else.  Prices were on par w/  the other "Vietnamese" restaurants in Chinatown. Make sure you read Tam N.'s review of this restaurant!
Pretty good Pho.  The place was super crowded when I went on a Monday afternoon on account of the Lunar New Year festivities going on.  The service was speedy and the food good.  I forgot cash and they said the minimum charge was $15 but she let me slide and I ended up paying with my AMEX.
