You truly don't get to experience what CrossFit Hoboken has to offer until you join the 'box' - alternate term used in CrossFit for 'gym.' It all started when I decided to join their free trial class which is every Wednesday at 6:45 PM and Saturdays at 10:00 AM. It only took one free trial class for me to know this was going to be my next gym. Since I was new to CrossFit, I was instructed to take the Fundamentals class prior to jumping into the Workout of the Day (WOD). Fitness, including CrossFit, isn't by any means new to me, and I had already learned plenty about CrossFit through friends and social media. I started by taking their Fundamentals class in March '13, which runs for 3 weeks, twice a week, for $250. In this class I learned proper technique, the names of the exercises including the many acronyms used in CrossFit, and even the implications of your diet and recovery. Mike V.D. was our instructor and coach, and he was very courteous, knowledgeable, professional, friendly and enthusiastic. I am particularly thankful for the educative experience and information provided to us during Fundamentals class, via e-mail. It helped link everything together; exercise, diet, and lifestyle. Upon graduating from Fundamentals class, even though I felt ready to start the WOD, I couldn't help but feel intimidated by other athletes, especially when jumping to the only class I could attend at the time, the 8:15 PM Skills class. I was so relieved after my first class; the coaches take you through a set of isolated movements to promote blood flow to the muscles, and go over the exercises in great detail prior to engaging fully in each WOD. This helped me overcome my fear of feeling like a 'newbie' - I felt as if I had been doing CrossFit for a while given the attention to detail from the coaches and the room to move freely and not feel claustrophobic. I suddenly felt so confident that I decided to join the 6-month unlimited plan which is almost up in October '13, and am looking forward to extending my membership for many more years to come. Their web site is updated on a daily basis with the details of the WOD, Skills class and Warrior Bootcamp. Recently CrossFit Hoboken added a third large room with ample space to fit 25-35 athletes. As a result, more classes were added, and new options were introduced such as their Competitor class, Strength class and CrossFit Lite. All classes run 45 minutes long, except for the newly added Competitive class, which runs for an hour. You always have options, especially if you have any preexisting conditions and need to alter your WOD. Living with Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) hasn't been easy for me, but there are always plenty of options to choose from, and the coaches will work with you to find alternate exercises that can help you develop the strength and acquire the technique to help you progress into the more advanced movements. The coaches are always making sure proper form is being executed at all times, and will encourage you to finish your WOD which helps tremendously. My favorite by far has been the partner WODs because it helps encourage each other to push past the pain. I have decided to quit my Ballys gym membership this year, 15 years worth of pure mental struggle with my daily workouts, and struggle reaching my ideal strength. Whether CrossFit is for you or not, that's a personal decision that only you can make for yourself, but for me was a life changing experience. I am writing this review from my personal perspective and experience. For once I look forward to my daily workouts, and I have begun to see improvements in my physique, something that I was not expecting to witness since I have always been active. For the first time in my life, I am able to lift 60 lbs over my head; 6 months ago I struggled with a 35 lb bar. For someone living with RA, this is a tremendous improvement for my joints, because I am becoming stronger. I am no where near the strongest there, but I feel empowered, and I have gained control over my RA. My next goal is to become proficient at the Olympic lifts, Rx my first WOD, join a Competitor class, but most importantly, ensure that my body is growing stronger and healthier without hurting myself. Crossfit Hoboken's web site provides details on their daily classes, times, open-gym hours, upcoming events for competitors, and even CrossFit family-building events such as BBQs, wine tasting, parties, games and more! They also offer a Yoga class on the weekends which helps improve flexibility, an added bonus for those that wish to integrate it into their lives. For those athletes seeking to go into CrossFit competitions, CrossFit Hoboken links them with training information to help them progress into a more competitive lead. TL;DR - wanted a gym that offered flexible schedules, variety of workouts, spacious, adequate equipment, courteous staff, knowledgeable coaches, and a friendly atmosphere, found my box :]
All told I've spent time at 5 Crossfit gyms throughout the US, and Crossfit Hoboken definitely ranks with the best.  The most important offering of any Crossfit gym are the coaches/instruction, and this is why CF Hoboken gets a 5 out of 5 rating.  In my mind, this is really what you are paying for and  why I wouldn't workout anywhere else.  Not only are the coaches motivated, they are also extremely focused on the detail of the lifts which keeps you safe, and getting stronger ever workout. The 'icing on the cake' is the recent expansion on floor space and addition of classes.  Besides the free beginners class and regular WODs, there is a Crossfit Lite class and Competitors class.  So whether you are interested in Crossfit but have been a bit apprehensive(CF can be quite intimidating) or someone who has been working out for years and would like to compete, CF Hoboken has got everyone covered.
I am new to Crossfit.  I wasn't sure what to expect and was honestly a little intimidated the first time I witnessed a Work Out of the Day ("WOD"). If you are new to Crossfit and nervous about getting started, don't be. The onboarding process and the staff do everything they can to make you feel comfortable and get you ready for your first WOD. Before jumping into classes with experienced Crossfiters you'll participate in a series of fundamentals classes that are intended to prepare you. After fundamentals classes you can participate in WODs or something called Crossfit Lite. The later isn't easy, but there is less weight lifting involved. The instructors (all of which are fantastic) notice new faces and pay special attention and help the less experienced participants. Before each WOD the instructor(s) will go through the exercises (which vary depending on the WOD) and provide instruction on proper form and mechanics. They also stress scaling (i.e., less weight, fewer reps, and/or alternative exercises) for those who are less experienced. I've yet to experience an instructor that I didn't like and that didn't stress form, mechanics, scaling, and safety.
It's going to be difficult to 'review' Crossfit, because it's not your regular gym like Club H, Planet Fitness or NYSC. I'm sure you can Google the word 'Crossfit' and figure out what it is. That aside I really like the Hoboken branch for the following reasons: 1. The owners, Craig and Bennett, are hands-on the business and run a tight ship. 2. The trainers are great, they kick your ass but also make sure to teach you proper form while gasping for air. 3. Its a good sized gym, the location kinda sucks for many people, but I live 6 blocks away, so it's OK for me. I can see some people might not like it because it's expensive. If you can train on your own, and kick your own ass - more power to you. I lifted for 4 years before coming here, and thought I was in good shape. I quickly realized that it wasn't true - I could curl or bench press OK enough, but add squats or running (or both!) to the mix and I was huffing and puffing, with my heart hammering in my chest. The cost of coming to Crossfit Hoboken isn't really the 'gym' you are joining but the personal training that you get from the instructors. You can join a gym like Club H at $80-100 a month, but you are on your own. At Crossfit, you don't workout on your own. Each class is 45 minutes long, has about 10-20 people in it and led by an trained Crossfit instructor. To me, it's worth it. I feel great and lost a lot of fat, while gaining muscle and endurance. They have free classes on Wednesday nights and Saturday mornings. It's worth trying a few classes before you join.
I've been meaning to write a review of CrossFit Hoboken for some time as it has truly changed my life and my family's life for the better. If you are like 95% of the people out there (I was) you do some cardio, awkwardly lift a weight or 2 and call it a day, telling yourself that you're in shape but knowing in the back of your head that you're really not. If thats you, then you should strongly consider trying CFH. This place will get you in the best shape of your life in the most efficient way possible (45 min classes). Here's the deal... - Ownership: It starts at the top and Craig & Bennett do it right. They constantly work to make sure that we have the best facilities, coaching and equipment. In a rare instance that something isn't going right they immediately fix it. Plus they are always doing fun things like BBQ's and other events (you're probably saying to yourself "I don't hang out with people from my gym" but I'll get to that later. - Coaching: Hands down we always have the best coaches at CFH. They do 3 things and do it extremely well. 1) Keep you safe 2) Coach proper form 3) Motivate (wait till you meet Coach Mike D). That's their job and they are the best while also making it fun. I was lucky enough to have Coach Martha in Fundamentals (2 week class that teaches you the basics). She was so patient with a bunch of newbies at 5:30AM but she made our first experience with CrossFit enjoyable and most importantly she did build the foundation needed to succeed. To this day after hundreds of workouts I remember things she said 2 years ago and apply them to my training. - Facility: In my travels for work I've visited many "boxes" (thats what CF gyms are called) and CFH is the best. With recent expansion, it has to be one of the bigger ones in the area if not the country. - Members: A fantastic group of people. The reason there is such a community aspect to CrossFit is that just by showing up you have everybody else's respect because they know how challenging it is. Nobody cares how much you are scaling your workouts; it is true in CF that the person who comes in last gets the loudest cheers. I've never known the name of 1 person at any gym I've belonged to but I know a ton of people at CFH. By the way, theres no mirrors at CFH. Thats not what CF is about. Its about being healthy. - Results & Health Benefits: I'm 39, my wife is a little less than that and we have never been in better shape thanks to CFH. Traditional exercise (cardio, elliptical) may just make you a smaller version of your current self. CrossFit Hoboken is a total body transformation. You wont believe the results and its all about functional movements that prepare you for whatever life may throw at you...from carrying the groceries to running a marathon. Also, for my whole life I've had knee pain (I just thought I had "bad knees") After my 2nd knee operation, my doctor told me I had to "strengthen the support system of my knee or I would be right back on the table." What? I didnt know how to do that...but I learned at CFH and now I have zero pain in my knees.   Also you will be amazed at the things you learn how to do. Most people don't know how to snatch, clean, do hand stand pushups, etc. It seems intimidating & impossible when you start but believe me you can do it and CFH will get you there. I could go on and on but let me end with this: if you truly care about your health, invest a little bit of time and money into CrossFit Hoboken and you will be rewarded; thats a 100% guarantee.
I had been a member of Club H for 6 years, the gym was getting progressively worse year after year. The last straw for me was when then cut the size of the gym in half in July.  I was getting bored, and knew it was time for a change.   Inspired by my husband's 80+lb weight loss in 7 months at CF (ok, and some better eating too),  I attended a few of the free Saturday classes and was hooked.  I signed up for Fundamentals in August and have not looked back since. Fundamentals is small group personal training, where the teach you the moves for the lifts, without weight so that you learn how to lift properly.  I have been playing sports all my life and going to the gym for years, but this is the first time I have ever lifted a barbell and I really appreciate the way that the coaches take their time with each person, making sure they are being safe.  After each class, you receive an email about what you learned and some reading for the next class.  They encourage everyone to be friends so that you feel like you have some buddies when you get t to the real classes. I have only been attending the WODs for month, but I already feel stronger and leaner.  I love not having to think about what I will do at the gym, as the varied workouts are posted on the site and all you have to do is determine which weight you will use.  The coaches know everyone by name, and are always watching to be sure you are using the proper form.   Everyone is always encouraging the person next to them, adding to the community feel.  They also have social outings such as the Beer Garden and Halloween parties.  I am looking forward to making new friends as I improve my fitness!
As long as you show up and work hard, you will get results!  The staff is great! Very focused on form and moving well to protect you and avoid injury. Great atmosphere! If you want saunas and towel service...then go somewhere else. If you want to get fit and healthy, then make the commitment to yourself and give Crossfit Hoboken a try.
I wanted to find a way that I could meet people and push myself to get to another level of fitness. This is the place for me, although a little bit expensive. I have noticed a pretty big difference in my fitness in 3 months. The coaches are great, and encourage safe practices. A lot of young fit people at this place, a good place to meet people and get to a new level of fitness.
I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO A REGULAR GYM AGAIN. Love the workout, competition, camaraderie and insensity. The staff and friendly, great teachers and all around awesome people
Update: Fundamentals is now two weeks long with three sessions each week (six sessions) at $250. Basically, you get to join the daily WOD sooner.
Crossfit Hoboken is amazing! Such an awesome group of people, not only coaches but members. You get one-on-one coaching is a group fitness atmosphere. It will rock your world. Want to feel better, look better, and get an awesome workout, try Crossfit Hoboken. They recently added showers which is a major plus. It's a giant playground of weights and training ideas.
I just recently graduated through the fundamentals course. The instructor was great and also one of the owners. I have a lot of respect for the quality of the gym and their employees. Crossfit may or may not be what you are looking for, that is for you to decide. Fortunately they have free classes for you to try it out so there's no excuse to not know.
I'm not much of a review writer but this place warranted me creating a YELP account and writing one.  Crossfit Hoboken has changed our lives!  My wife and I started attending classes in 2009 and we've been hooked ever since.  Not only did we transform into the best shape of our lives, we learned how to live a healthy lifestyle.  Owners, Craig and Bennett, were so supportive and really wanted to help us achieve our goals.  My one complaint is that my wife started to win bragging rights because she would KMA in the WOD's. (Not cool)  We were upset when we recently moved because it's hard to find a training facility where the owners/trainers really care about you like they do.
