I'm moving on up...to the east side...and I'm terribly sad about leaving all the awesome workout places in the Flatiron/Chelsea/Union Square area. Ahhh but it's not all tears though - the Fhitting Room is up there with the best of the downtown studios. I've been here twice and left drained both times. The HIIT moves we do here aren't groundbreaking. We usually start with some jumping jacks to warm up, and then move on to doing high intensity exercises (squats, chest presses, rowing machine, TRX push ups, etc. etc.) for 30 seconds and resting for 10 seconds. Rinse and repeat x1000. We partner up for a lot of the exercises, so you and your partner will be doing different exercises and then switching every 30 seconds. The exercises are ruthlessly efficient, but what makes this place for me are the awesome instructors and sense of camaraderie with the other students. Ain't no skinny betches here! Yes some ladies (and bros) are jacked, but everyone is pretty chill. Most classes have two instructors so if your form is off, they will come and correct you. My first class was with Amanda Butler, who sadly no longer works there. Although she was by herself, she was just as vigilant as two instructors. She noticed when I had no idea how to do pikes on the rowing machine and was quick to run over and prevent what would've been a huge face plant. She was also quick to offer challenges when something was too easy. Amanda had me drop the TRX straps during the pistol squats, and when I was reluctant, she offered to hold my hand for the first couple. Hey, when a hot blonde asks to hold your hand, you can't exactly refuse. Last night, I took another class with Eric and Julia, and holy smokes are they jacked. Eric is like a big cuddly drill instructor and Julia was like Tinkerbell (with biceps), flittering across the room to make sure everyone's form was perfect. They were particularly good about walking up to you during the last 10 seconds of the interval and asking you to make your last few reps as good as your first. Eric also had us do a series of squats and then randomly ask one of us how many we did after each interval. I thought that was a great motivator since no one wanted to cop to doing some weak-ass squats. Both times I've been here, I used Classpass, but I think I might have to pony up the $35 a class so I can come here a bit more frequently. It's pricey, but hey that's boutique fitness in NYC. My only complaint other than price is that they don't have a shower here, and after an intense 50min sweat session, I can't just wash my face, wipe my armpits and jet off to work.
I'm kind of a HIIT class junkie. I've taken them at David Barton & Equinox and while the class at fhitting room felt about the same intensity during it, I definitely have not felt this type of soreness afterwards in awhile. I like how the class is structured - the room is a little smaller than I would have expected but classes are about 7 people and the one I took was all girls. Jason was our instructor and I thought he was amazing - the right amount of silly, but also enthusiastic enough to push you. Because the class is so small, he also is able to give a lot of corrections and personalized help. I also liked how the entire format of class was written out on the boards. We did a solid warmup, rowing/boxjumps/core work with the TRX suspension system, some tabata style drills, kettlebell work, and then stretched out. Class went by relatively quickly and was painful but fun. The studio is small and there is no shower area but would definitely return and recommend. It is extremely clean and I love the green theme going on :)
One of the most enjoyably torturous experiences I've ever had on the NYC fit scene.  I had Daury, who was basically a somewhat hardcore, tattooed teddy bear.  He was great about going around the room, giving corrections, and every time I tried to slack off on the sly, he would magically appear in front me and tell me to cut it out.   The workout is incredibly effective.  I'm really active and found this class to be insanely challenging.  That being said, anyone can walk in here and get through the workout--while it's HIIT, everything is scalable and you can go at your own pace to some extent. Only thing I don't love is how back to back the classes are--I wanted to foam roll out after class but the next group came in fairly quickly and I didn't want to creep around like a sweaty weirdo.
Big fan of HIIT. I've been CrossFitting for a little over a year, and was looking to switch things up a bit. Enter the fhitting room. Workout was great, with Eric and Java overseeing a class of 10. With those ratios, nothing is overlooked. Multiple times during the workout, Eric and Java were making the rounds, adjusting movements, pushing us to keep the pace up, and cheering the class on. On the menu - rowing, free weights, box jumps, kettlebells, burpees, and core work. I'd describe the workout as a bootcamp meets CrossFit WOD. Had a great time! Eric and Java had great energy and were on point with their adjustments to my movements. The studio itself is a bit on the smaller side, but the coaches made efficient use of the space. Very clean and well-equipped. There are lockers and a small changing area, that can get a bit packed. Free water was a welcome surprise! Would definitely recommend this studio to those looking to change things up from your normal 'gym routine'. The instruction is top notch, and the programming is well-varied and keeps you on your toes.
Ages ago I walked by this place when I was going to see the doc on the ues and I saw all kinda crazy folk jumping around on what looked like a suspended bouncey wood floor. Fast forward five months my friend has been badgering me to try fhitting room. We both can't and shouldn't run.  She says workout is fun and her as@ is kicked every time.  Feeling like quite the fit chick, I must admit I wasn't too impressed with the fitness level of my fellow classmates.  I was wrong.  Class wasn't easy but because I wasn't surrounded by Gisele models, I felt the class was more accessible and real. We had Julia and Java.  Holey smokes was Julia jacked! Anyway class was way tough and somewhat relentless.   Not so hard you had to take breaks but after fifty minutes I was cooked!  I like the constant mixing it up, the corrections from two instructors for 12 people and the personal attention.   Fitness classes are cropping up as fast as juice bars theses days.  Every thing is around $35-40 a session.  I'd definitely say fhitting room is worth a try.  It's going to make its way into my routine along with Bikram, the gym and slt. Phew.  Can I rest now?
By far the most challenging workout I have ever done!  The class had 2 instructors which was amazing. There were a lot of functional moves mixed in the high intensity intervals.  The instructors were great- high energy, and very positive. Definitely recommend!
I wasn't too impressed my first time around but I liked the workout so I came back. And keep coming back.  I still feel like some of the transitions take up too much time so you try to fit in so many moves and circuits in one class but it's still a great work.  Each time I've come here the workout constantly switches up.  One class we used the rower in a circuit, another class we didn't. One time we had to warm up running around the block. It constantly changes which is great but you can definitely expect to calisthenics. Most of the classes I've been to are co-taught with another instructor but my first class wasn't. Really like Daury, Java, and Julia.  Hope to take Jason Tran soon! I've taken his spin classes before so I can't wait to take his FR classes! The studio is tiny and there aren't any showers.  They do well in the space they're in. It's colorful and bright and I do love the moving astroturf.
Take a class with Daury (who is also a male rep for Lululemon haha) to get called out in a fun way when you can't hold your plank anymore. Next time you will hold it. Julia is also great and focuses on form. They have free water but encourage people to bring their own bottles and fill up there. No shower, a couple bathrooms to change, digital lockers.
Omg omg omg I'm so sore right now. I probably shouldn't have chosen this class as my first workout class in a month. Whatever. #gobigorgohome #yourhomeisprobablyfarfromthisclass This place is a cute little clean studio. Bright green towels and lockers are provided (I believe bright green hair ties are as well). As everyone says, there are two great instructors in each class. They'll go around the room, memorize your name, encourage you and correct your form. What more could you want? A big note: I will say this is probably one of the most inclusive studios I've been to in Manhattan. Many of the studios I go to are filled with young women (ok people my age) who are better than me in every way. This is one of the few studios in which I would feel comfortable in were I a guy, even if I was a middle-aged guy. Don't get me wrong, everyone is fit and if you aren't in shape at all, I'd start elsewhere. But in general, this isn't a Lulu Lemon NYU only zone. The workout and its music are classic high intensity interval training (burpees, high knees, plank side jumps, and kettle bell swings set to Nicki Minaj and Katy Perry) mixed in with some new (to me) stuff like the rowing machine and cables from the ceiling that allow you to do jump squats at an angle. Halfway through the class, I could barely do a push-up, I was shaking so bad, but then again, I'm a weakling. Nothing brought me more pleasure than when they turned off the lights and we could just rock back and forth on our backs. Ahhh...
I don't want to review this place because I don't want anyone else to know about this. Shhhhhh. But, my goodness, what an AWESOME workout with AWESOME trainers in an AWESOME studio. Classes are small (12 ppl max), instructors make a point to know your name / your goals / etc. I've heard that they even teach in pairs for a majority of the classes but not the case on Friday nights when I take the class. But honestly, the workout is HIIT and I couldn't ask for anything better to whip me into shape. Forget to bring your water bottle since you rushed all the way from work in Downtown Manhattan to UES, no problem. Water is free, and I'm not talking cheap water. I'm talking legit Poland Spring bottles. Forget your hair tie, got those too. Want to go on a date right after this awesome workout? Well, you can forget about that because they don't have any showers but hey, if you want to take a bird bath in the sink, I'm sure no one would judge you.
Love this workout! Great music, free digital-lock lockers, free towels, fun instructors, clean space.
If you're coming from a Crossfit background or something equally hardcore, skip straight to FHIXtreme. If you're new to HIT/Kettlebells/Burpees/whatever or don't like to have a good time while getting your ass kicked, Signature may be more appropriate. You're pretty much guaranteed great instructing regardless of which class you take (Signature or FHIXtreme) but (from my limited experience) the energy and enthusiasm on behalf of the participants is a bit lacking in Signature. Many smiles, laughs coupled with the usual grunts and groans in FHIXtreme. Instructors I've had in order of preference: Amanda, Ben, Daury. Amanda is the best! Yay!
Oh Fhitting Room.  You kick my butt so hardcore.  Why ya gotta be so far away though?? Love the concept (and execution!) of this place, small boutique studio but with 2X the GroupEx instructors, feels like personal training in a fun group environment.  The fast pace of the circuits and the FHIX keep my brain occupied enough (sort of) to keep my mind off of the pain... All the instructors I've tried (Daury, Ben, Amanda) are top-notch and genuine, with great form corrections, tons of personal motivation and charisma.   What is it about this place that is so addictive/unique?  I would say... 1. Attention to detail / corrections from having 2 very knowledgeable instructors 2. Candy-colored kettlebells / lots of toys for the ADHD kid in all of us 3. Small class size and fun upbeat environment If you were closer, I'd probably park my butt on the bouncy floor and never leave... PS. I'm the one in the corner trying to win at burpees
I wish things could have been different.  I've been training with a personal trainer for 8 months in this style (HIT) and I really enjoy and have seen a lot of results.  So to find a studio focusing on this method I was excited.   The place is clean and the instructors (Amber & Ben) really try to make this a great experience but it fell flat for me.  Usually when I workout with my trainer we do 3 sets of the circuit with 1 min rest between the circuits for an hour.  Here the circuits are timed so depending on your partner you may not get 3 sets in.  For example, we had a 2 min circuit where my partner does 10 burpees and I hold in plank position until my partner is done with the burpees.  My partner got to do 3 sets of burpees while I only got to do 2 sets because of timing.  So, I didn't feel as challenged in that circuit.   Then you transition to the next circuit.  The transition time between circuits take way too long.  They are moving boxes getting equipment and then demonstrating the circuit.  It must be at least a 3-4 min break between circuits and I'm cooling down.  With this style of exercise, I'm use to challenging circuits with minimal rest in between.  I did notice a few people struggling with the workout and it was challenging for them. For me this did not match what I'm use to.   Oh, I think the instructors came up with the circuits 5 mins before class, so not sure much thought went into the flow of the program.
I had an awesome workout at fhitting room. I went to the Saturday class at 1pm and a guy named java and gal named Amanda taught the class jointly. Both were excellent, talented instructors. The workout was well crafted and thoroughly executed. Don't think I would like the class though if it was filled to capacity because of the studio's smaller size, but who knows? Clean and organized facility. Very professional front desk staff. I appreciated the friendly instructors awesome enthusiasm and energy. They really love what they do and love teaching fitness. My only complaint is I don't like music with the N word or F word thrown about. So the instructors might want to review their playlist.
I heard a lot about this place from some friends so I had to try it. This place is THE SH*#! Super clean and super chic! Amanda was AMAZING! She' gave me  a tough work out but it was super fun and upbeat! The only thing is its SOOO far uptown I need my passport to go there. I'm looking forward to the Flatiron! Can you PLEASE open something more dowtown?
You're in good hands with this team. Knowledgeable instructors- Eric alone has over 10 years of training experience and is a wealth of fitness knowledge - who will not let you slack off during a workout and who motivate you to push your hardest until the clock stops. Complimentary water and towel for each class, great music, innovative facilities (if a little small) with little details like dry-erase friendly walls for tips on proper form, and a focused clientele that is serious about fitness while still having fun. The workouts are based on High Intensity Training, which means short bursts of intense work and little rest time... the perfect way to get functional strength and increase your cardio capacity. Online registration is easy, and they are even offering two classes for the price of one for first-timers. Check it out!
Eric S is a great instructor and in excellent shape. I followed him from his previous gym. He is fun, pushes you without being too much or negative.  He is excellent and is the key reason this place is excellent. I like the other instructors also, I am just more familiar training with Eric. I've tried bootcamps, crossfit, etc and what I like about this workout is that it's a cross between a good bootcamp class and a good WOD. Classes are small and intimate. It's hard for me to feel sore and a class with Eric will do it. Only downside might be that the space is small, but they make good use of the space with various pieces of equipment. I like that it is new and not too crowded yet. Shhhh.....(I selfishly didn't want to write this review because I don't want it to become too crowded!!!!)
awesome workout... come if u want to get ur butt kicked
