Jackson Square Park is a vest pocket park that sits in a triangle where Hudson Street ends.  The triangular shape of the park is a result of the diagonal route of Greenwich Avenue, the oldest known road in Greenwich Village.  According to NYC. gov it is one of New York City's oldest parks.  A cute park with a working water fountain to intake, in stillness, the sights and sounds of New York City on a relaxing Sunday afternoon.  I was surely able to ease my stress level and calm my mind. Jackson Square does inhabit vagrants.
Nice little oasis in the middle of a fast paced dog eat dog city. I usually relax here here before visiting friends. Love to bring a snack and eat here or just visit the Starbucks across the street. Sometimes great things come in small packages and this park is one example of that in a big city.
In the midst of a bustling intersection of cross streets & blaring horns (despite the no honking $300 fine), is this small piece of tranquility.  Came here to regroup, check the map, hydrate and head out towards the Meatpacking District. A diversity of users:  African guy having lunch of curried squid and apples; mother of two feeding her kids bits of animal crackers; and the homeless Riff Raff with their wheeled baskets networking with other street nomads. What a beautiful park and peaceful fountain.  There's even a park ranger that can offer some historical insight, but for us, acted as a compass; directing us towards our next conquest.  Cast all worries into the fountain.  Leave energized and renewed from here.
Ever since I moved to NYC last month, I have had a good chance to explore the city to its fullest, and discovering Jackson Square during one of my Sunday strolls was a nice surprise. Let's back up for a moment and turn back time.  I remember the days I used to visit NYC, both for work and pleasure, and never did I think then that it was feasible to move here.  The amounts of people marching robotically down the street with the "time is money" mentality, the hoards of tourists crowding many areas, the noise level...just to name a few. Now that I am a New Yorker, I have come to not only appreciate the items listed above as part of daily routine, but after digging further, I have had a chance to find the softer, greener side of the city.  And Jackson Square is one of the few little oasis in the middle of the concrete jungle.   Although a bit small of a park, what I loved was the amounts of shades the trees provided, along with a beautiful water fountain in the middle, with multiple birds taking advantage of the pools of water streaming through it. And WHAT?  They have free wi-fi?  Now, what other major US City provides you THAT amenity?
I live right by here, so I have probably (fine, definitely) taken Jackson Square's beauty and proximity for granted all these years. I've been told that this park was once a haven for bums and drug dealers, but the police have since cracked down on such activities, so presumably Jackson Square has been resumed to it's former glory. It's not nearly as big as some of the other lovely parks you'll find scattered throughout the city, but it has a beautiful and majestic fountain in the middle, where you'll always find birds drinking and squirrels scampering. The park is surrounded by lush trees and bushes, and regardless of what time you walk by, you're bound to see an array of people doing what New Yorkers do: eating lunch, chatting, sunbathing, writing poetry, talking to themselves ... you get the idea. In the winter, there's a tree lighting ceremony and the whole park glows. It's so beautiful. And considering it's location in relation to the nearby ACE 123 and L trains (and Starbucks!) it makes for a perfect place to hang out for a bit when you have nothing in particular to do and nowhere in particular to be.
This is a wonderful spot. Some great spots to sit and shaded to relax. You can enjoy lunch or a stroll or just people watch.. my favorite!
My inclination would have been to give four stars for this (very small) park, but the beautiful/romantic-looking fountain compelled me to rate it higher.  I sat in the park for awhile in the late afternoon today - and this might sound strange, but I loved watching lots of pigeons sitting on one rim of the fountain.  The fountain plus the overall ambiance of the park reminded me somewhat of Paris.  Also; considering how close this park is located to heavy traffic, it's really a little oasis and very pleasant.
I always say that "There's never enough time to do all the nothing you want". Besides from being bitter I added the listing and missed the FTR, Jackson Square personified this mantra, as a Guy tried in Vain To Distribute Bizcocho To The Masses, Doling Out Insults When Folks Didn't Oblige. In True New York Fashion, Jackson Square Is Far From It, its Fountains Bordering & Central to the triangle. Square-goers are Diverse In Appearance & Activity, from resting rollerbladers to exhausted students and worn-out executives. With beautiful, scattered Fountains & hodgepodge Seating, I'm sorry, Square Jackson, I am fo' real.
I like this park.  It has the same fountain as City Hall, yet has less tourists than this aforementioned location.  With like ten benches, you can relax your feet from all the walking about from Union Square and perusal of Greenwich Village.  We just came from Two Boots To Go and decided to wander over this way in order to get to the train home.
Went here two weeks ago. Saw some guy getting his ass HANDED to him by another fellow. Not pretty. Other than that, the park's amenities are tremendous. The fountain is cash. Needs a few more benches though.
Watch out for homeless people hitting on your girlfriend. It was very nice otherwise.
