Husband and I did the Fall Foliage Hike, Apple Picking & Wine Tasting. We had a great time and the guides/owner were great. Overall, we enjoyed the trip and will be looking to do more trips with them in the future. Hike: Much more strenuous than I thought, certainly not a walk in central park. Up and down rocky, sometimes slippery ridges. I went slow because I didn't want to hurt myself and wasn't confident in my abilities. Husband hiked with no issues. I think you need to be able to walk at least 5 miles and you'll do fine on the hike. Scenery was beautiful, but I didn't have enough time to take proper pictures. Will definitely go back again and will prepare myself properly. Apple picking: Orchard was super busy, but we had a great time waling around picking fruits and veggies. Orchard had amazing apple cider donuts. We had appx 1.5 hours to walk around, pick apples, and eat. Then we all checked out as a group. Was a really good experience. Winery: By then my legs were hurting and I just wanted to sit down! lol!! Wine was ok. Owner loves his wine so much, and you should too! Right?!? Not so much... Was just ok. Some people bought wine. You either like his wines or you don't. Overall a good trip and looking forward to taking more with them in the future. The all inclusive nature of it was awesome!
My husband and I did the trip brew and tube...So much fun! Meet some great people and it was an awesome day to relax out of the city! The brewery was awesome, great tasting beer! Jim is super great and runs his company well. I had to reschedule and he was more than helpful in arranging a switch of date for us. Highly Highly recommend!!!
I wish I could give Outdoor Connections more stars... but I just can't. I bought a deal through Zozi for a day of ziplining and canopy tree top adventures with 2 girlfriends. Scheduling the trip was easy enough, and it was pretty organized from the moment we arrived at 33rd and 8th to board the vans, which took us to Camelback Mountain in Pennsylvania. I must say... the activities of the day were SO FUN. I am in good shape, and my body was sore for days afterward. We ziplined, we climbed over really challenging obstacles, over rickety bridges 80 feet in the trees... it was very exciting! However, my complaints are as follows: 1) The main, huge, zipline - aka the main attraction - was closed on the day I went! I know Camelback didn't warn Outdoor Connections of this before the trip, but we were SO bummed. That was what we paid to do, and it was closed! Camelback couldn't tell Outdoor Connections sooner? We did get an apology and a $15 voucher to use, but that just was not worth it to me. I would have preferred to reschedule my trip. 2) I paid $122 on Zozi, which was supposed to be a discount. When I go to Outdoor Connections' website, I see the price as $115. I am very confused!! All in all a fun day - perhaps a bit pricey, and the customer service just wasn't up to par for me.
Went cross-country skiing yesterday with Outdoor Connections. Five stars, because everything went exactly as planned, and they delivered everything they promised. Good communication, prompt replies to my e-mails. Thanks!
I've done more than 30 trips with this organization and I consistently have a great experience. First, the organizer, Jim, takes care of absolutely everything: *The meet up is super convenient. *He packs muffins, fruit, granola bars, water and juice for the morning. *Lunch is included and you get your choice of 3 yummy sandwiches, chips, and more fruit and water. *He includes multiple activities.  Today I went to Storm King for a work out filled hike, then apple picking at a charming orchid with tons of food and beverage choices.  Then we closed by going to a winery. All of Jim's groups are this inclusive, all you have to do is show up! Attend 3 meet ups and you get a 10% discount. In this day when you get very little bang for your buck, OC provides a very affordable and worth it trip.  In this day, when economic times are hard, giving less than a 5 star review for this amazing group, is really just disgusting.  Sure, sometimes, the leaving point is late b/c ppl are late and if he didn't wait, he'd get negative reviews for that.   Every single time you attend a trip with OC, you will return appreciating life and that, is worth more than 5 stars can convey.
I've done two trips with Jim's company. One was a hike and wine excusion and the other was white water rafting in Lehigh. I have thoroughly enjoyed the company of Jim and his team throughout both excursions. I am by no means an "outdoorsy chick", however Jim has always made the group feel safe, he stays calm under pressure and he follows the old adage "no man left behind." I will add that these trips are definitely a workout. You will feel muscles you didn't know you had and you will be so pooped that you will definitely be fast asleep during the ride back. I would certainly welcome another trip with Outdoor Connections and am contemplating the canopy and zipline trip next month.
I've gone on several adventures with Jim and his Outdoor Connections group including a Brew and Tube, a Hike and Wine, and a Snowshoe and Wine. It is always a great time. Jim, as the guide, is very familiar with the terrain he is bringing you through or the venue you are visiting. He is an accomplished adventurer and safety is always first. At the start of any activity there is instruction and tips for making it a safe and enjoyable trip. No matter where you are, Jim makes sure you are safe and can keep up with the group. There is a guide at the front and back of every group to make sure we are all together and that everyone is safe and enjoying themselves. I have never been snowshoeing but doing it for the first time with Outdoor Connections made me feel accomplished, safe, and invigorated. I would highly recommend an adventure with this group especially if you would like to venture out on a five mile hike through Harriman State Park or a three mile snow shoe trip but would like to have the safety and comfort of a group and the knowledge of a guide to do it with. Although we are strangers when we first get together, there is comradery along the way. The people in the groups have always been friendly and I have met some wonderful people, Jim and his guides among them. I try to book a trip with Outdoor Connections at least once a year if not more. I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED!
I've gone on many, many of Jim's trips over the years - and am always delighted by the experience. People who join his trips are well-spirited, fun-loving, adventurous, similar to Jim, himself. Jim is an excellent organizer and takes great care in making sure everyone has an enjoyable experience. He is knowledgeable and friendly - great qualities for a trip organizer. Breakfast and lunch is provided as part of the price, which is something you never find on other trips. I've been on Jim's spring, summer, fall and winter trips and they're all great! Be ready for a fun-filled, learning experience with a good-natured, friendly guide
I went on the hike, yoga, wine tour with a group of friends. The hike was nice, and Jim and Kevin were great. They were accommodating and helpful. However, I only am giving the trip three stars because there were some scheduling issues and the yoga was sub par. First, we were told to arrive by 745 a.m. If you failed to arrive, the trip would leave without you. I did not expect to leave at 745 on the dot, but we waited about 40 minutes for everyone to arrive. Then, we got to the park, and had to wait almost another 45 minutes for all of the self-drive people to arrive. It would have been nice if people arrived on time. But, given the warnings, we should have just left instead of inconveniencing everyone else. Ultimately, we got back to the city 1-1/2 to 2 hours late. If we had left on time initially, we probably would have been on time. Second, the yoga instructor was not that great. The poses were not balanced (she would do a pose on the left, and then skip the right) and we did a series of balance poses despite the fact that it was cold (about 68 degrees), after everyone had finally started warming up with sun salutations. Would have been nice to continue with the active poses, instead of moving on to poses that involved little movement. The winery was cute. The wine was so-so and the workers were super slow. But, it was a fun time.
My husband and I recently went on the hiking and wine trip and we had a terrific time!  Jim was great and everything was wonderfully easy and well-organized.  Also, super nice guy who clearly enjoys these adventures.  We went on a great hike that was a good mix with a few challenges and a few easy parts that suited a wide variety of athletic abilities and then to a couple lovely area wineries.  Would highly recommend this to anyone who wants to get out to nature without getting lost in the woods!  There are also a number of other trips.  We plan to go on another trip as soon as we can.
