I have officially completed my first month at Bar Method Soho today after purchasing the 30-day new client special.  I have been really happy to workout here!  I am a retired ballet dancer after having danced with a ballet co professionally, but honestly you really do not need to have a ballet, or even general dance background, to succeed here.  If anything, with the more parallel moves, I have had to train my mind to not turn out as much, which is very counter to ballet.  Post retirement, I have continued to take adv ballet classes up at Steps, but after tearing yet another hamstring several months ago, my PT recommended Bar Method so I could continue with a workout that sculpts in the way I am used to while allowing me to heal.  I have also tried high intensity cardio and interval training classes at other studios during this time, and while I have always left feeling fantastic internally, I never noticed any physical toning.  (I still take spin once a week just for overall cardio health).  I definitely notice toning at BM, and even with a dance background, the moves are so isometric they quickly begin to burn, and everybody can benefit from this, no matter their fitness history.  There is a routine to the classes that I've gotten used to in terms of knowing the order of exercises, but the actual exercises themselves are different every day, so the class is not repetitive and you won't plateau as long as you push yourself.  In fact I have been going 4x a week since I started, and 30 days later from when I started, I still had a very challenging class as recently as this morning.  So as long as you're constantly pushing and advancing yourself, I don't see this ever getting "too easy."  I will be interested to try Level 2 next month.   The instructors always memorize your name which is really impressive considering the amount of students there can be in a class, however, the classes ebb and flow in terms of how crowded they get, so you won't feel overly squished every single day.  Also, the instructors are very hands-on here and will physically move you into the correct position.  I really like this, because otherwise you could probably spend months not understanding how to correctly do a movement.  I still get corrections every class! But it doesn't bother me.  I will definitely continue with the Membership today.
I am very displeased with the level of professionalism by the management at this location.  I registered for a class at what I believed to be the midtown location (I was on the midtown site  & was accidentally misdirected to Soho upon entering my password & booking). When I arrived to Midtown (54th & 5th) for my 1030am class it was 10:10. The very helpful young woman informed me of the mistake & encouraged me to head to Soho. I jumped in a cab in a frenzy & called Soho to explain.  They said not to worry & to come on down...they even have a 10 min grace period.  Great... I made it, without a minute to spare! When I walked in there was nobody behind the desk. I waited. The manager sat down & claimed it was 10:42. I kindly asked her to let me into the class. I explained my situation.  She would not grant me access to class.  Plus I technically arrived within the grace period!!!  Seriously? Ok..if your going to be so adamant about a few minutes,  especially under the explained circumstances,  and your a manager...please act with decency & respect to your clients, extend a courtesy for the errors of your staff, or simply function on a level of competence when it comes to customer service.  She was not capable of any of these things. I felt so uncomfortable, I don't want to return to this studio. Maybe it's for the best? This exact work out can be done at several different gyms around the city. They are cheaper in cost at other places too. Don't waste your time here. You can't put a price on valuable time. Bar Method Soho obviously disagrees. They can put a $34 price tag on your time and loyalty.
Every time I go to this location I feel like I'm being over criticized by the instructors. I understand that form is important but my body type is not one that lends itself to perfect posture or square hips - partially due to injuries. The instructors make me want to leave the class because I get so frustrated with the constant critique. I feel as though they "pick on" a select number of students during class and don't leave them alone about form- we get it, our form sucks, let's move on. The lockers are always dirty- visible dirt that I can see in the locker and the showers are nasty. Mine had a bandaid on the floor. There are NO DISPOSABLE RAZORS. I need to shave, especially if I'm going to work right after. Overall, I used to love Bar Method but after visiting to this location, I don't think I'm ever going back.
Firstly- I would have to agree with Cecilia W. review. I'm usually a little intimidated by any dance classes but I figured that since bar method is a few doors away from where I live I would give it a try. To compare my first visit to my third visit the customer service is terrible. On my first visit they were super friendly with loads of information and gave me the option of paying upfront for a month membership for $150. My last visit which was today, before the class started I was standing outside the class doing research on my phone and this blond lady passes by me saying you need to put that away. I thought she meant to put it in my pocket or get off my phone I said OK. A few moments later everyone walks into the class and the same lady follows me and points to my phone telling me that I need to put it in my locker and follows me out the class. As she holds the door for me I said to her I just have a lot of work and she replies with an attitude (we all do). I felt like I was put on the spot for having my phone on me. I usually have my phone on me because I have a small child but I certainly don't look at it while I'm working out. I would have preferred if she took the time to stop walking around me and actually talk to me and said from the very beginning you can't take your phone into the class. I would have been fine with that but following me around like a crazy person to see if she can catch me doing something against the "RULES" is unprofessional. Will I go back after my month membership is over probably not, the workout is not that great and the staff is NOT FRIENDLY which for me is a huge deal. You get more bees with honey.
We all agree the classes are great and it is awesome to have the instructors remember you by name.  I was weak every time I left the building in an oh so good way!   BUT..... I am the kind of person that takes a disinfectant wipe to all the machines at the gym and any studios I go to as well as bringing my own yoga mat as I know they are not as clean as I keep my own. the bar.... it would take 30 seconds in between each glass to take a towel with disinfectant and go over the bars. the floor of the locker rooms.... please please swiffer the floors between classes and make sure hair is not in the bottom of the showers I went for a month and mentioned this a couple of times and never saw anyone cleaning! straps and mats... are they ever cleaned?  I work up a good sweat in all my classes there and am more than a little put off by the mats being stacked up at the end of class and all of the straps that have been in our sweaty hands and on our sweaty (sock covered) feet. weights.... wipe them down please!! The work out was so good the only thing holding me back from doing a full year in advance was the lack of sanitation in the studio. I was really disappointed. For the amount of money going into that studio it wouldn't take much to bring it to the next level.
This Bar Method Soho has a sort of debonair vibe that gives you that instant fear that maybe you aren't cool enough, not rich enough, not fit enough to be there. Similar to the feeling you might get when walking into the Chanel section at Bloomingdales. THEN, just as you start to feel out of place among all the attractive, sock-clad women prancing with purpose in lululemon leggings into the class rooms, you speak with the front desk. They're warm, informative,and make it immediately known that they are 100% committed to making you feel comfortable and invited. Background: A co-worker gushed about her love and obsession with Bar Method. She told me that it was amazing...it would leave my muscles shaking...I would love the teachers... When I found out that this intelligent, budget conscious woman was willing to pay close to $300 per month to workout, I knew I had to try it. I signed up for the new client special, which runs about $150 for unlimited classes for 1 month. Workout: The workout consists of: a quick warm up, arm workout with light weights (exhaustive at 30 repetitions), leg work at the bar, butt work at the bar or on the floor, ab work, and a final stretch. It burns like HELL. "Up an inch...down an inch." It's an incredible workout. You literally will have better posture after 1 class. You just become more conscious of your shoulders slouching. Instructors: Are AMAZING! They learn ALL the students names and are constantly correcting your form. I LOVE this. The owners are also committed to ensuring their instructors are constantly improving. I took a class where my instructor was being observed and the owners were writing notes, snapping photos, and whispering with each other in that "furrow browed, super serious, we own a business biatch kinda way." I felt cooler in their presence. Facilities: The studio consists of a beautiful waiting area with ambient lighting, 3 classrooms, and a well outfitted changing room (love the lotion, mouthwash, and shower essentials). Everything is clean. Most importantly, the mirrors make you look great. I also felt skinnier, tanner, and poised when checking myself out before leaving. Results: After 1 month of taking approximately 4 classes per week I saw noticeable improvements in my muscle definition. My arms looked more toned, my butt looked plumper, my ab muscles were showing, and I stood with way better posture. I FELT awesome. Recommended for: People who like to feel the BURN while working out and are seeking more muscle definition. While it is very very expensive to be a member it'll be like having a personal trainer. I mean they really really know your name and will publicly recognize your improvements. You will absolutely get in shape. If you can go at least 4 times a week I dare say this is worth it. How does it compare to Pure Barre? Having done 1 month at Pure Barre and 1 month at Bar Method I can say with 100% certainty that Bar Method is WAY WAY better. Bar Method runs like a German engineered clock (or something German and intense). There are many more class times to choose from, the classes start and end PRECISELY on time, they know your name (and give special attention to new clients), and they are ALL about your FORM. If you're interested in working out at the Chanel of fitness studios, feeling slightly closer to being a celebrity, and getting a better ass--- I'd try this class.
I am beyond frustrated with this studio and their total lack of customer service. My job moved me to NYC about 2 months before they opened, and I had been a devotee in LA. When they opened Soho, I went at least 2x times a week in NYC and loved it. I then bought a 30 class package ($700), a sign of my devotion to this workout and the great instructors there. Within 2 weeks, my job transferred me back to LA. I work in production, it happens. Luckily, there is Bar Method in LA... so I called and emailed, asking for either a partial refund or at least the credit to be applied to a studio in Los Angeles so I can use it Since then, I have emailed over 9 times, I got one VERY rude response,  then no response, and then when I called be put on hold forever. SEVEN HUNDRED DOLLARS.. gone... my next step is the BBB... Every gym in America will cancel or transfer membership, or at least respond. To treat a loyal customer like this is totally unacceptable, but to just take my money and basically tell me to go shove it is just... bad Bar Method- you really broke my heart with this awful treatment...I loved you and supported you and this is what I get?
Been a loyal BM student since '07 (in SF) and this one burned me a little with their rigid policy. I had gotten a 30 class and halfway through, I got pregnant. I felt weird after a class, and was told by my doctor that it was too strenuous of a workout for me. The BM told me it was safe to still do it. But because of my situation which I explained in some detail, they were not willing to help with any refund. They just offered another 30 class at half price if I join when I'm well again. Now, I *know* it can't be safe because the Bar Method in San Francisco (the flagship one) now offers Pre-Natal classes. I called them and asked what the difference was and was told that every position is now safe, and that instead of only going halfway through, this Pre-Natal is a full 60 minute workout safe for pregnant women. So that's why I'm giving it 1 star. With health insurance and my own gym not very supportive of a mom-to-be, this is one way to lose a customer for good. What I don't understand is that I had classes left and it's not like I reserved a space in classes. So spaces are freed up...the Bar Method coulda if they wanted to, refund me for the remainder of my classes that I could not finish.
These 60 minute classes maximize the use of my time, and started producing tangible results within the first month (I'm on month five now). The classes offer structured variety: You move through sets of exercises (in a certain order) which focus on specific areas, but the instructors keep the exercises within each set quite varied. The entire space is well kept, and the staff is friendly and professional. An extra plus is not having to carry around workout gear (or rent an expensive gym storage locker) because Bar only requires clothes (no shoes) and the SoHo location offers nice products in the locker room (wash, shampoo, lotion). I've visited Bar Method studios in other states and SoHo is really best in class on all levels -- facilities, staff and instructors. Awesome instructors: Amanda, Anna, Kristin, Robyn, Tiana !! Yes, it's expensive. Yes, it's worth every penny.
I'm a big fan of barre classes and have tried a couple of boutique gyms. I wanted to give Bar Method a try because compared to other barre places, they do have a good price point. $150 for an unlimited month, which is their new client special. After that, it is $270 an unlimited month.   I'll start out with what I liked about Bar Method. The space is very nice and open with large windows in their main workout room. They provide water coolers to fill your bottle as you please and also free coffee/tea at a self-serve kitchen area in the lobby. They also have nice sized lockers which hold keys that you can take into class with you. This is super convenient since you don't have to bring your own lock or worry about leaving your bag unattended. Their locker room is also a very nice size and appeared clean (on the surface). But, I couldn't help but notice how much hair was on the floor! It was so offsetting, especially when you're walking around in barre socks, not shoes. I get it, as a girl, I shed too, but hello it's not too hard to Swiffer it every couple classes that come in & out of the locker room. Staff was friendly and gave me a quick tour upon arriving. The instructor was friendly and also introduced herself to me before class. What I didn't like so much was that the class size is very large with only one instructor. The amount of people in the room makes it very crowded and with only one instructor for the entire class, it doesn't seem like you're getting any one-on-one attention like you would at other barre classes. My first experience here, the instructor was just naming the positions to get into and yelling out people's name from the front of the room: "Rotate your hips out!" "Chest high, shoulders down!" Instead of my experiences at other gyms where the instructor will first show how you should position yourself by providing an example of herself at the front of the room. Then come next to you to tell you how you can adjust your form or posture and ask if you feel it in the proper muscle group, etc. At Bar Method, it was so crowded with participants, the instructor couldn't even get over to you! When she finally did maneuver her way through the mass of people stretching and moving around, she just used her hands to physically adjust my posture and then said, "There, better?" Umm, I have no idea what you just did.   Also - the $37 price tag just to try ONE class is so ridiculous, especially when the class is super crowded. I just paid almost $40 for what? It really felt like a regular fitness class that you'd take at a NY Sports Club. Nothing special. I could see like a 'buy one class, get one class free type of deal.' At least that would give me a chance to try it again with a different instructor and possibly have a different opinion the second time around, but no. It's $37. For one class. I believe the reason why they priced it at $37 for your first class is because they want to entice the first time customer to say.. "well, what's another $113 to get the one-month beginner's package?" I didn't want to waste any more money, so unfortunately, I just paid it and decided to write an opinion of them on Yelp. Barre classes in NYC are just expensive. Period. No way around it, but if you're thinking of trying barre out for the first time, this place isn't it.
Two things: I never write Yelp reviews and I hate exercising. It is because I am so addicted to this place that I am putting both of those factors aside to say that I can't recommend the Bar Method enough. I signed up for the intro month and after the first class, I didn't want to come back. I couldn't do half the things we were being instructed in and as someone new to working out, I simply thought it wasn't for me. But being stubborn and knowing I'd paid for a month, I made myself return. The second class wasn't much better and by the third class, I literally tried to quit by walking out in the middle of it. I am so glad there was someone behind me, who I later found out was one of the owners of the studio, who graciously and gently encouraged me to stay and positioned me in a way I could understand. I tucked and curled and haven't looked back since. My advice for anyone wanting to give this a try: just do it. Stick with it for two solid weeks and I'm guessing you'll become as big a fan as I am.
I went to my first class earlier tonight, after months of hemming and hawing, and after making and canceling about 3 classes.  First, a little bit of info about me:  I am one of those "take 1 class, get bored, lose money, find another trendy class, and repeat cycle" type of gal.  I've tried everything in the book - yoga, pilates, pole dancing, spinning, dance, boot camp, personal training, etc, etc, etc and I always quit after 1 or 2 classes. I am very sedentary and don't watch what I eat.  I am also incredibly inflexible.  It causes me extreme pain to try to reach my toes; I can barely make it to my ankles.  I am currently about 10 lbs overweight and all my life have been going up and down in weight.   This part is a little more PG-13: during uh, you know, the horizontal mambo (I can't believe I actually wrote that), whenever a guy wants me to put my legs over my head, I have to sheepishly mutter that I actually physically can't do it... *dies* With all that taken into consideration, I decided to try the Bar Method and this time, unlike other popular exercises, I decided to go into it blind.  I can't even explain to you the shock and surprise I got once the shaking started.  I glanced around the room to see that out of the 20 or so women, only 4 of us were quivering that extremely.  In embarrassment (and also trying so hard not to giggle, I know, so childish), I stopped the thigh exercises altogether. My instructor probably thinks I'm a quitter and at one point even asked if I needed to sit down bc I was literally just standing there for the rest of the portion like a loser.  I didn't realize that the shaking is apparently a good thing! The leg portions also hurt and made me want to stop.  As I stated earlier, I am really stiff and can barely lift my legs and keep them straightened - they just automatically bend, and if I force them straight, I get serious pain under my knee.  I'm just going to have to get used to it, I guess and deal with the embarrassment.  I have to keep reminding myself that no one is judging me. I am pretty sore right now.  Normally it takes about a day for the soreness to settle in but it's really packing the punch.  Groan.. I purchased the 1 month unlimited, so I'm going to push myself to go and after having finally read reviews, I am excited to see how my body will (hopefully) change.
Location: It's on Spring by W Broadway. Convenient location if you use the 6 or R lines. If you like shopping, you'll be tempted every day. I tend to take the evening classes so stores are closed by the time I'm out :) The studio is very well maintained and never too crowded. Cost: You can try a class for free, or invite a friend to go with you. If you're new, try to get a deal on their intro offer. Gilt City just had a deal; I got mine through Bloomspot. They also have packages of classes, which I'll probably do going forward. The Workout: It is series of toning exercises on the floor or bar followed by stretching (elongating the muscle). I'm sold after going there for a month. I already feel some little changes and know I have a long way to go. My friend came with me once and she felt it 2 days after, despite being in super good shape. It's always going to be challenging and the class will encourage you to push yourself harder. All you need is to bring workout clothes and a pair of socks. No gym shoes definitely cuts down on my daily baggage as do the lockers with keys. Since the Gilt deal came out, I've seen it get more crowded, but they have been adding more classes. Instructors: I've tried most, if not all, of the instructors by now. Everyone is super friendly. They make a point to know your name and despite the class size, will come around to give you personal instruction on your form, etc. I would recommend trying the different instructors because there is a tiny variation on their commentary, etc. If you have any injuries, etc. they also make an effort to adjust the exercises for you.
I never thought I manage to wake up at 5 or 6am every day for work-out but boy Bar Method does wonder! As soon as you walk into the studio you would be greeted by smiling faces and be addressed by your name. It's so amazing how the owners and instructors seem to know everyone's name and can remember new joiner's name in a flash. The ambiance is very nice and the place is kept extremely clean. The changing room is well-equipped with showers, tons of lockers, blow dryers, mouth wash, etc. And of course there are stacks of endless supply of large and small towels! So the 1 hour workout is strangely intense and calming at the same time. It begins with leg lifts as warm-up, arm work with free weights (don't let those 2lbs-4lbs dumbbells fool you!), lots of push-ups (don't feel ashame to go for the girly knee push-ups, because it won't feel girly anymore after all those curls and lifts), insane amount of legs and thighs work, lots and lots of crunches, and of course the back dancing. In between there would be tons of stretches (and you will feel all those muscles) and there's nice selection of music along the entire workout. Instructors would help correct the poses and offer encouraging cheers. Since the classes are all mixed level, the instructors suggest challenging modifications to the poses. Remember to 'tuck' in order to get the most out of it! Your muscles would be shaking uncontrollably in class - guaranteed! The classes are a bit pricey. I got the 30-day pass and it's 225 (with new joiner's discount), but after 2 weeks of classes I do feel I have better posture and flatter abs (woooo!), so it's definitely worth it!
I would like to start out by saying that I-HATE-working-out. I just can't stand it. Mostly, because I get bored to death after 5 mins. Personal trainers don't work for me either because there are some things I just WONT do-even if you scream and yell at me.  I also hate exercises where theres a lot of standing still and holding of ones poses (aka Bikram yoga, um borrrring!) I have heard about bar classes for some time now, but assumed it was a "ballet" work-out and honestly it sounded a little boring. I took ballet for 7 years when I was a teen, and while I loved it then, I wasn't sure that I wanted it back in my life. I discovered The Bar Method while surfing the web and I saw that they had a great special for first-time clients. Before I bought the package, I decided to pony up the (ahem) $37.00 per class to try it out first. I was blown away by how HARD this workout was! It's based on tiny little movements that isolate the muscle-and let me tell you-it burns! ! If you do these exercises right, they will burn fat and re-shape your muscles. I will also say that it's REALLY helpful if you have taken Pilates before, or are at least familiar with isometrics and the "purposeful" exhale that flexes the abs. Also, when the instructor says "move your leg an INCH", that means 1-INCH! Not, up and down like  the Vegas Showgirl you are inside your head-no! Tiny, tiny like the hands of a clock!  Sometimes I wish there was a ruler posted somewhere in the studio so that people can understand what an inch looks like. (I'm only getting passionate about this, because one time, I was behind a girl who thought she was David Beckham and I just wanted to tell her SO bad to stop it!-for her own benefit!) Trust me, an inch is enough to feel the burn. So, if you're going to sign up, please, look at a ruler first. Anyways, after class my legs felt dead and my abs felt like they had -well, let's just say I was aware of my abs! (honestly, I haven't had a relationship with my abs in years, so I was surprised to feel their presence.) Class WASN"T like Ballet AT ALL! It wasn't boring either, we were doing something new every 3-5 minutes. It was really fun too!-and there's SO much to think about in regards to get the posture right, that it becomes a challenge to see if you can feel it more etc by adjusting your position. I eagerly bought my unlimited 30 day pass. They say that after 10 classes you can see a difference, so I sped home and took "before" photos (you know, those fat & pale, sad-face photos) and as I approach my 10th class today, I can tell you that  I've lost inches! My waist seems smaller and the back of my thighs look tighter. I have been attending class like a mad-woman, I am determined to "see what I can do" in 30 days with this class by attending 4-5 classes a week. The teachers are really nice and while most girls are lululemoned up to their ears, everyone pretty much sticks to themselves and there are no judgmental looks or competitiveness from the other students. The studio is really nice and lockers (with keys) are provided for you (as they should be for the price) and there's towels and filtered water, even hair ties if you need them. While I am thrilled to death to (finally) have found an exercise I am in love with, I am (surprise) saddened by the cost. I do not know how I am going to afford it after my 30-day pass. :( Like I said, to really see a difference with this method, you need to attend 3-4 times a week. Well, that means more than $250 a month! I am making great progress with The Bar Method. It works, it's effective and I really, really like it, I just wish there was a student rate maybe? A frequent-buyer card? Free points? ANYTHING? For someone who hates exercise this is a TRUE miracle. (I wonder if I offer to mop the floors they'll give me a discount?...and YES, it's because I LOVE IT THAT MUCH!)
I've been a Physique 57 addict for a while now, so when I got the Daily Candy alert that the Bar Method was finally coming to the isle of Manhattan, I had to try it.  I had heard the two methods had some similarities and figured I might as well take advantage of the new student special - which is $250 for a month of unlimited classes.   First - the studio is SO nice.  And what a great location!  Who doesn't love breezing down Spring St at 630am (No, I'm really not kidding.  It's lovely.)  Everything is new, airy, and light.  The locker rooms are great and SO much nicer than P57's (sorry Physique, I love you but you gotta do something about that!).  One thing they do that I absolutely adore is with their lockers.  They all have these little keys attached, so you just pick a locker and take your key with you into class - it's so nice to not have to worry about bringing a lock!  Seriously, it's the little things people. The place is still relatively unpopular so you get a lot of personalized attention in the classes - and the teachers are GREAT!  They know your name, they correct you, they encourage you all along the way.  In terms of the exercise itself, it's very small isolated movements followed by thorough stretching.  It's challenging but not impossible.  And I like that they focus on lengthening.  I'm short and can bulk up so I appreciate that - I hate to keep making comparisons to P57, but it's like that combined with yoga.   All in all I'm a big fan after only a few classes.  The combo of the great music, motivational teachers, super friendly staff, and sparkling facilities makes me sad that after this month is up the cost will go up exponentially.  I think I'll keep coming back though! Definitely try a class.
Bar Method does a body good! I have slimmed down 2 dress sizes and can finally do 'real' pushups on my toes. I was traveling to NY for work last week and was bummed to cancel my classes at my home Bar Method (downtown SF w Heather and Hannah) but was pleased to discover that there was a brand new studio in SoHo. I loved Amy's morning class and will definitely stop in again when I'm back in the city.  I'm definitely an addict and attribute being able to see some semblance of abs to this workout. Brings me the warm fuzzies when I think about my high school ballet studio.
Love the Bar Method! It is the first "workout" I have truly seen a difference in my  body with, plus the instructors are extremely warm, welcoming (know everyone's name!), and know their stuff. I initially signed up for their new member packaged and regretted it after the first class - thought I had wasted my money as it seemed too easy, etc. I kept going as I had already paid for a month and after a few more classes I was hooked. Once you figure out the positions enough to really begin to focus on your form and precision it becomes challenging and rewarding, provided you keep pushing yourself and don't just go through the motions.   I never thought I would be "addicted" to any sort of exercise, but Bar has me hooked. It is the first exercise method through which I have been able to put on a bit of muscle and look toned - and it happened fast. In addition, I have tried a number of bar/barre classes at various companies and by far prefer the bar method.  I have found other bar classes to be either more of a yoga-like class (Barre Body) or the movements too fast and rapid for my liking (Physique 57, Pure Body, X-tend Bar). Although the rapid movements are a great cardio workout, I always feel like I might harm myself/pull a muscle/etc. The instructors at Bar really focus on form and technique, getting into the muscles with small, repetitive motions. I think if you have any sort of injury - back, neck, shoulder, etc. this would be the barre class for you. Additional pluses - provided key lockers, the studio is warm and feels spa like, magazines to read while you wait, online booking system, mobile app, class always starts and ends EXACTLY on time, and you don't leave the class all sweaty. Negatives - price, lack of enough showers in the morning. If you are taking your first class I recommend going on a Sunday afternoon or weekday mid-morning - the studio seems to be quietest at this point and in my opinion an easier introduction to the place. And yes luluemon is everywhere - but you don't feel judged/out of place/uncool not wearing it.
I started going to Bar Method after a hasty (albeit desperate) Gilt City purchase.  Changed my life. The classes are just the right size, they're big enough that you don't feel like everyone is staring at you, but their excellent teachers are always watching, cueing, making personal critiques (and words of encouragement) when you think no one is looking and might be pausing mid-pretzel... I can't emphasize enough how great the entire staff is, from reception to teachers - and at any given time there is another teacher taking your class, which both motivates the teacher AND the students because seeing someone actually doing everything correctly gives you a visual bar for where you CAN get - so maybe that's a sub-theme to the "Bar Method" hehe.   A month and a half in at 3-5 classes per week my butt feels 6 inches higher, my legs look "awesome" per my fiance, my abs exist (we're getting there), and as a former dancer with many injuries, my weak joints feel stronger and happier.  I've probably lost 2 dress sizes, though obviously if I didn't booze it up on my days off the progress would be far more significant. I will cry next month when it's $300 to renew my unlimited membership, but it's NY and I cry almost every time I have to pay for anything, and really it's worth it to feel healthy and confident.
The Bar Method Soho has the perfect recipe for getting out of your workout slump and motivating you to live healthier. The classes are so addicting that you don't want to quit. The instructors embody the "Bar Method body" we all long for - flat abs, a lifted seat, toned thighs and arms (that aren't body builder scary, but more lean and defined), they set great examples for us students. And to make things better, they all have amazing personalities which make the hour of tucking & shaking (BM lingo) easier to get through. I do wish I could attend class more often, but being a student in now 5+ years of debt in loans it's a bit difficult for me to afford the $35 classes. Even with a 10% student discount, a 5 class package is still about $140. In CA that price can get you an introductory month and 4 pairs of BM socks! But since we're in NYC at a fab location in SoHo, it's hard to complain. The studio itself is really nice, spacious, and kept in tip top shape. I love the brick wall accents and the fact that there are windows in 2 of the 3 rooms - something about gazing out that window overlooking spring st. during thigh work makes the burning more endurable and keeps your mind off the pain. Overall, I love this BM location. I love Amanda's classes, in particular. Definitely give the workout a try if you haven't. Super low impact (unlike P57) and safe, but don't be fooled it's a guaranteed hard workout with results to boot.
I have tried everything available in NYC: bootcamps, yoga, pilates, stripper-cise, jazzer-cise, hanging from the damn cieling, etc. This is the only workout regime that I have genuinely wanted to stick with and legitimately saw results. Once you try the 'New Client' unlimited monthly package, you will be hooked. Oh, and the instructors are gorgeous and will make you gorgeous too.
Since writing this review the owner contacted me, apologized and explained there was a bit of a misunderstanding. He assured me that there's always a way to work things out, especially for good customers. This is all I needed to hear, because I did/do enjoy going to bar method. Now that the situation is resolved, I'm a satisfied member again.
I became a Bar Method junkie in San Francisco, where the "method" was started. And the SoHo location did not disappoint! Honestly, this is the best overall workout you will get in one hour. This location is more expensive than SF, but I suppose that goes with the turf. My only complaint is that there aren't more locations in NYC!
Well I LOVE The Bar Method. Beyond obsessed. I was happy to take a class here when I went to NY for a wedding. Beautiful studio, lots of class times, pretty much the same class across the board (good job Burr). The only thing that prevented me from giving it 5 stars was that they didn't have covers on their mini mats and it totally grossed me out. All the hairs and junk from the carpet stuck to the mat and its all i could focus on while doing the exercise. Hopefully they get some covers soon!
um. that's not spanx; that's just my rock-hard bootaaaay from bar, gurl. wait. let's back up. something terrible happened at the age of 25 that everything went downhill. literally. my whole body could no longer tolerate its cookie-a-day habit and if i even thought about having a milkshake, it would stay glued to my ass for at least three weeks. yes, i went to the gym; pretty much daily. (guess who's the mayor of crunch lafayette gym?!?! haaaayyyy!) but all that work wasn't enough to whittle down to size of my early 20s. i was salivating for something new, but definitely didn't have the funds to cover weekly sessions with the douchey PTs at my gym. enter bar method. a magical mix of ballet and pilates that will whip you into you shape - although you maybe crying during the process - ASAP. sers. you'll be addicted to how great your ass looks in those skinny jeans. however, this crack ain't cheap. although i originally signed up with $150 unlimited monthly with a new client special, each month on the 23rd, 250 bones are taken out of my account. without fail. and i still have my other gym membership for morning runs and spinning classes. so, yeah, it hurts. there's a reason why my name isn't aimee "money bags" o. anywho. other pros include sweet instructors (although some are better than others), a beautiful space that overlooks spring street and the occasional celeb sighting while cons consist of a super-strict cancelation policy ($20 reallllyyy????) and snarky clientele that i am not above pushing out of my way. but it's worth it to feel good (or simply better?) about yourself. nekkid. or, if that doesn't motivate you, think of all the money you'll save in spanx. get it gurl.
I am extremely lazy, I have never belonged to a gym (!), and I don't-- as a rule-- workout. Ever. I despise yoga with a passion that amuses people, since, you know, yoga is supposed to spread inner peace or something and it just pisses me off. The closest I get to working out is dance classes.   So it is pretty insane that I even tried the Bar Method. Even more insane: I liked it.  It was one of those post-Christmas, my lord I can't fit into my favorite dresses, maybe I should put down the Newman-Os feelings, but a deal through Gilt City came along that made me finally get off my (ever expanding) butt and into the studio. Anyway. There are a surprising amount of pushups, which I was not expecting.  Arms aren't my issue, so I'm more anxious to get to stuff that works ye olde expanding ass.  Which seems to work. Quite well. And I felt great-- more flexible, about an inch taller, and stronger-- after leaving.   It's really a lovely space. The locker rooms are nice-- I love not having to bring a lock (did I mention I'm lazy and don't work out? Well, remembering a lock is one tiny thing too much for me). The only cons: Bar Method is maybe a victim of its own success: I've not gone many a time because classes have been full.  I realize that there's actually a pretty good chance of getting off the waitlist (I was number 10 and got a confirmed space hours in advance). But I'm not much for advance planning, so I wish I could wake up on a Saturday afternoon and decide, yeah, I'd like to go to class. Probably not going to happen. The other issue: cost. Which really isn't specific to Bar Method (they are about the same price per class as places like Physique 57).  But my sad salary doesn't support $35 workouts or $450 monthly memberships.  Which is sad, because Bar Method achieved the amazing and got me into a gym-like facility and made me actually not hate it.  There are good deals for new clients, but considering how booked the studio is otherwise, I'm guessing they probably don't see much of  need to off deals to those of us already hooked. And, even with my half-assed attendance, I now fit back into the dress that made me panic and try them in the first place. Hooray!
hi. umm. hello? is this mic on? hi. my name is kadine and i am a bar method addict. about a year ago, i realized i got fat. seriously. i'm okay with it. i got fat. and i didn't like it. so i decided to lose weight. and i did. and that was great. but i wanted more, i wanted to look GREAT, like an alvin ailey dancer doing some sort  of magical leap on a subway ad... so i went to bar method. the site boasts it's "the most targeted body sculpting workout" and that it "reshapes the body"...so i was all "yes please!" and i'll admit it - i was super intimidated the minute i stepped foot inside the studio...everyone was beautiful with an amazing body! now don't go getting your panties in a bunch - i'm not talking us weekly standards, what i mean is everyone looks like the best version of themselves: fit, toned, poised and confident. i did my best to remain inconspicuous, but my socks were an obnoxiously bright color and well, the entire workout is done in socks so whatevs (not that it even mattered). the staff is super friendly, helpful and for reasons unbeknownst to me - really good at remembering EVERYONE'S name. my first class was with kristen, one of the owners of the studio. she kicked my ASS!  i can honestly say that until that day i had never ever felt my body shake and burn in such a manner! it was crazy incredible! at the end of class  i was drenched in sweat, my spirit was shaken and the words "tuck tuck tuck.." kept ringing in my ears. "does this ever get any easier?" i asked kristen. "no, but you get better," she promised. i gave her the side eye. glanced at myself in the mirror. looked around at all the beautiful people... so of COURSE i bought the new client special for unlimited classes. and i kept going, three to five times a week to be exact. when that expired, i signed up for the unlimited monthly membership and i haven't looked back since! I LOVE BAR METHOD. IT CHANGED MY LIFE. for serious. i'm a fickle girl - sticking to a schedule or routine has never been my thing, but now a days i am ready to shank someone if it means they are getting in the way of my making it to bar method on time! i literally walk taller and hardly ever slouch because awareness of my posture has became second nature. and for real for real, i crave the tingle only provided by the shaking and burning of my muscles. and sure, like anything else it takes a while to get results, but i swear to you i nearly shat my pants when amy (the other owner + instructor) came up to me after class one day and said, "wow kadine! you look GREAT!" now here' s the piece du resistance: picture it. brooklyn. summer 2013. i was deep in the throes of a conversation about club music at a friend's party when the guy i was speaking to said, " well of COURSE you understand, i mean you're a dancer, right?" halle. berry. hallelujah! if being addicted to bar method is wrong i never, ever ever EVER want to be right!
The bar method is a beautiful studio, with instructors who will know your name and remember you every time. They take the time to explain each position in intricate detail, which is lovely. However, I have my complaints. I will compare the Bar Method with Physique 57, as I have attended Physique for some time and hope the bar method can amend the areas that fall short of the bar (no pun intended) which P57 has set. Size of the class and schedules: The bar classes are very large. Think 20-30 students, and one instructor. It is ALWAYS crowded, mostly because they don't have enough classes. They have morning classes and evening classes, but as for afternoon, there is nothing from 1 pm-5 pm. This can be a great hassle. There is only one level: mixed. This can get annoying once you've gone 15 times and understand the positioning. Instructors: They are excellent, especially Kristen. They are personable and are in great shape. They explain the positions better than at P57. But, they aren't inspiring in terms of pushing you. At P57 the instructors are your cheerleaders in addition to your instructors. they chant "you can do this! push yourself, so strong! you're building musscle and burning calories! watch your thighs shaping! you're changing the shape of your legs!" and at bar there is none of that. The instructors just keep the count and explain the positions. I wish they would be a bit more energetic. The actual classes: Similar to p57 and exhale, with some differences. Music isn't usually songs we know, and it is more background than blasting, as in P57. Music used just to keep the beat and not to push you. Arm section is better than p57! They focus more on your tricepts (spelling) and P57 is more bicepts. I actually feel sore afterward sometimes, which rarely happens anymore. They kind of go overboard with the pushups though! Be prepared to do at a minimum 50 per class. A bit much...  Thigh section is my biggest complaint. NOT GOOD FOR BAD KNEES. most positions have the knees going over the toes. As someone who has had two knee surgeries and has been through years of physical therapy, I understand those types of positions are not healthy for your knees. They must change this. I have been in increasing pain since I started. Every day i'm there my knees hurt more. The pace is MUCH MUCH MUCH slower and is not aerobic. You maybe won't sweat, except for the heat in the room. But, with that said, you will shake like CRAZY and your legs will burn. Very effective for muscle toning, but not a crazy workout. I usually feel like I need to run or do something else after class. After a p57 thigh section i just want to lay on the ground. The exercises are explained extremely well. The stretching is painful. They make you put your ankle on the bar, ouuchhhhh!!!!!!!!! This hurts so much, not comfortable for your ankle. The seat section is excellent. They work your seat SO well at bar. Best class for your seat I would say. The exercises are targeted and different each time. Good job bar!!! Ab section is weird. Flat back and the one before that are basically ineffective unless you take the ultimate challenge and lift your legs, so it's all or nothing. The last ab section is EXCELLENT, and always gets my abs shaking. The Studio: GORGEOUS, stunning, does a number on p57 that's for sure! Much nicer, all around. Locker rooms, lighting etc. But it's WAY TOO HOT IN THERE ALL THE TIME!!!!! This isn't hot yoga, it's sooo uncomfortable!!!!!!!! Turn the temp down and open a window!!!!!!!!! All in all, bar method is a cheaper alternative to P57, and it will still build a ton of muscle. I have to say I relate more to the clientelle of bar, as they are younger and less pretentious than the clients of P57. It is a fun class, and I enjoy it, I just wish they would change the thigh section, lower the temperature, cheer a bit more, and add more classes. It is def worth the money though!!
Ok I am a huge fan of the BM. It works well for my body. When I do it religiously my body changes quickly.  During my time living in SF I recruited several girls to join. All of which still go religiously while I somehow stopped. Well I am back! It took some courage to sign up for the first class in 3 years. I had many fears  such as what if I couldn't handle a plank anymore or of what the Soho studio might feel like and the type of people it might attract. The first day there I was welcomed with open arms by the staff. They even offered me a new client package since I had just moved to NYC. I was elated! I wasn't even offered that when I joined the Downtown SF studio after one of my long breaks from the BM marina studio. Another cool thing is since I joined during the Holidays they went ahead and extended my 30 days to accommodate the days that may have been missed in celebration. I love this studio. I feel completely comfortable at the Soho Studio there are people of all sizes and women of all sorts of character. Which is great! I am relieved that I decided to check it out.
I live in rhode island where there are no Bar Method classes (shameful hint) but I've taken several bar classes when i've been in town-both in Ct. and now recently in SoHo. Preface this by saying i'm 50.  End this with saying - it didn't matter.  There were varied ages and honestly everyone is so into making sure there own posture and form is going well they could give a damn what you're doing.  EXCEPT-for the instructors who are awesome and if they are pointing something out you need to modify it's gentle and they'll come over and repostion you. Is it hard--oh dear god it's misery.  But when i went in CT i got used to it and although sticking my toes back in the Bar Method pool is not easy I look forward to my trips into the city to go to class. One hour is perfect--we can all say (or many of us) those yoga and pilates classes that go on for 75 minutes are too long--an hour is sweet enough to feel like you've worked it (cause you will) but not too short to feel like you didn't. Soho studio user friendly and beautiful.   Now..come to RHode Island please!
I came to the new soho Bar Method studio already having practiced through their dvds. I became a fan soon after noticing that my body changed after only a month of practicing 4 times a week. I was SOLD! The studio is AMAZING. Lots of sunlight, large space, comfortable lockers rooms with showers. The staff is super sweet and somehow manage to remember everyones name. The instructors are also very nice. Guess they have to be because they know they are about to put you through some pain! Needless to say, the live classes are much more challenging than my dvds which i expected. Somehow they are able to convince you to go just a little farther than you think you can which is great because we all wanna give up at some point during exercise i think. Your legs will shake and tremble but after you see the results, you will learn to love it! it's part pilates,part yoga, part ballet. Very unique the only thing is that i have to agree with the other reviews here as far as the price is concerned. I have the first time client monthly unlimited special but can't afford the monthly after this. I'm not sure anyone actually can afford it. $440 a month is a bit crazy.  I am praying they figure that out because i do LOVE this workout!
I'm writing this after attending classes at Bar for three weeks. I have been active my whole life but lost a lot of confidence in my figure over the past few years. While I'm not a pound overweight, I'm not as in shape as I used to be/ I'd like to be although I've been active in yoga, running, soccer and even taking boot camp classes. Nothing seemed to achieve the results I wanted. I was told about the Bar Method from a friend and decided to commit to a month of classes. So far, I've gone to six or seven times. Today after class I noticed a big change in my body. My hips are more square, my shoulders more defined and overall I look more fit than I have in years, although I still have a ways to go. I also want to mention that I have lower back problems that resulted from a desk job, and that's starting to diminish too. I love this studio and class, although sometimes the workouts are grueling. My only issues with bar are two things: one, it's very very expensive. But, I'm going to try to fit it into my budget. Two, I love to look defined, but not too defined. I see a lot of students with ripped arms. That's not really for me. Maybe fewer push ups???
Update:  Due to popular demand, Bar Method has lowered their monthly unlimited price to $330!  Now that's what I call good customer service. :)
I am   a b s o l u t e l y   addicted. I LOOOOOVE THE BAR METHOD!!!! I crave going to class every day and am sad when I have to miss days. I have broken social engagements and dates just to make it to their evening class. It is that addicting. The first few classes are an adjustment period as you learn the flow of the class and technique. I would highly recommend doing the  30 Day Unlimited Class Package where first time students get a special rate. Your legs will shake uncontrollably. You will wonder what the hell you're doing and if you're doing it right but the instructors are attentive in spite of the class size and will help guide you into the proper position. You will learn to do push-ups, to push through, and to tuck, tuck, tuck.. and find yourself doing it on the subway and while waiting in line at the grocery store... It hurts so good. I saw results after just 10 classes. I definitely feel leaner, firmer, and stronger. The studio is just lovely-- the owners/staff/instructors are so friendly, helpful, and encouraging. Its amazing to watch the instructors/owners taking the class alongside with you. Their fit bodies and athleticism are a testament to how effective The Bar Method is when you incorporate it into your daily routine. I just love The Bar Method. I can't rave enough about them.
I've been doing The Bar Method on and off for over 20 years, having been a devotee of Lotte Berk way back when. Burr Diehl (now Leonard) was my original instructor when she had a Bar Method studio in Greenwich, CT,  so I feel like I can say with conviction that the instructors at the Soho studio are absolutely the best.   They are purists when it comes to body positioning (which is the most important aspect of the program) and gently correct students, both new and experienced, in order to maximize the workout.  Further, the owner is a lovely and gracious person. She is often in the classes and helps students adjust their form.  Overall, the Soho team are a class act group of beautiful women who go the extra mile to make sure that everyone leaves challenged and supported. For newbies, don't give up.  Stick with it and you will see your body become more toned, lean and sculpted.  For athletes looking for something new, give it a try.  I'm a runner, skier and cyclist and have dabbled in P90X, but The Bar Method is really the thing that gives my body its all over tone.   (BTW, the Seattle studio folks are great too... I divide my time between NYC and Seattle).
I bought a certificate from Gilt.  Best money I ever spent.  This is very intense.  Not for the fain tof heart.  It's week 3 and I already see that my  legs are leaner and I'm stronger.  Summer is coming and  I want to be ready!!  They will get you there.  The studio is clean and airy.  Spa Like.  Be ready to feel the burn!
This was my first experience with a barre class and it kicked my butt. I took a class on a Thursday... today is Sunday and my muscles are still sore. But I'm sore in all the hard to reach places that I haven't been able to reach since I stopped taking dance classes. It was a little difficult for my first time because the teachers don't actually do any of the movements so its kind of a try-to-pick-up as soon as possible type of experience. But they do walk around and are totally proactive about correcting your position when needed. They also have a beautiful facilities with showers and great locker rooms.
So fun! The instructors are all so lovely and the classes go by very quickly.
A good friend with an enviable figure is addicted to The Bar Method in San Francisco, so I had to try it now that it's in New York. The studio is conveniently located in Soho, and the space is clean and modern (with some original exposed brick for a downtown touch). The staff were lovely and efficient. The workout itself was HARD. Thighs trembling, butt tucking, abdominals burning, hard. Which is painful, but looks like it delivers results, based on the experienced people in the class, who all had those long, lean dancer bodies.
After reading all the good reviews on Yelp, I really wanted to like the Barre Method. I've tried Exhale and Physique 57 (love both) and figured I'd give the Barre Method a try as it's close to where I live. I agree with the other reviewers that the facility itself is very nice and pretty clean. Having lockers is a huge plus. However, the classes themselves are what I had a problem with. The instructors have no energy and the music they play sounds like you are in an elevator, instead of a fitness class. Being new to this particular form of barre, I was a little shaky on how to do some of the poses. While I always appreciate instructors quietly pointing out adjustments, calling me out on the microphone constantly in front of the class was certainly not what I signed up for. In one class I legitimately must have heard my name 15 times. And don't be fooled ladies- I wore my Jawbone to track my workout and only burned around 100 calories in this class! Doing Exhale or Physique I burn around 250-300. Don't waste your money and go somewhere where you feel less judged and more comfortable and can have a little more fun working out.
I came to the Bar Method because I read about the reviews, and I have to say that it definitely lives up to the standard!  I thought they were really helpful with technique and posture, as well as pushing you to get through the exercises.   Although it was really tough, it's worth it! My legs were shaking by the middle of the class!  I would definitely go back if I had the $$, but unfortunately it's too expensive for me right now at $35 a class.  The location is easily accessible though, and great for anyone before or after work!
LOVE LOVE LOVE. I was first introduced to Bar Method through Gilt City and continue to enjoy it. This is my second month as a member and I am addicted. I go 4-5 times a week. Normally, I am hesitant when signing up for group classes as I often feel like an idiot following the last movement, but Bar Method came highly recommended from friends in San Fran and reassured me that it was different because they focus on individual forms and fostering a comfortable environment to learn and shape your body.     The class integrates stretching and isometic muscle toning exercises for a leaner more flexible you. (My husband has noticed a more flexible and toned me and I definitely feel great after going for such a short period of time =) The instructors are very attuned to your personal needs and makes sure that you get the most out of the class by correcting your forms and helping you adapt to certain exercises if you are pregnant or injured. When I first joined I was not pregnant and now that I am they have given me specific instructions according to my changing needs. Even though the class size is large at times 20-25 students, the instructors are focused and sees every movement you make, correcting your posture and every inch that you are off. Studio room space is adequate and there is enough room for everyone to get a mat down on the floor for crunches and stretches.     Coming in and out of class may be hectic at times as the other class is coming in as you are trying to leave but I've devised a system- always putting my locker key on the same hook/spot and using the same locker so I know what number key I am. The studio is very nice with a central greet area, 3 studio rooms, and clean locker rooms fully equipped with amenities and towels.   The staff personally greets you with a smile at all times. The online class sign-up is easy to use and reception staff is always available to make reservation and cancellations for you. The owners are on site and teach some of the classes so they are always available for questions and very invested in their business. Bar Method is my zen and I am very happy I found it. Mantra: Tuck Tuck Squeeze ....
I have been wanting to write a review forever. I have been going to BM for a little over 2 month now. Before I went to BM I went to the gym pretty much every day and ran 3-4 times a week but could never really see a change in my body. After only 8 weeks I am starting to see my arms + legs getting more defined and my body changing. I have also tried other Bar classes and they are nothing compared to Bar Method. Here, the teachers are very nice, they know everybody by name and they pay special attention to people who are new and the correct execution of every excercise. The studio is beautiful, I look forward to coming here often. Just a warning for anybody looking to try Bar Method: It is highly addictive! In the meantime I have gotten 2 friends to sign up who on their end have gotten another 2 friends to join and I bought 2 DVDs for when I am travelling so I dont have to miss out on my daily dose of BM! :-) Also, I had recently signed up for my 1st half marathon - just at a time when I was particularly busy at work and couldnt put in the miles like I wanted to. I was scared how my race was going to go and if I was in over my head as I had never run more than 8 miles. What I didnt realize was that even though I hadnt been running as much, Bar Method had made me stronger, not only my legs but also my core so I was able to blaze through the race and finished faster than I had expected!
The most amazing body sculpting class in NYC!! If you want to get your butt in shape surrounded by super sweet instructors this is the place for you! I've been a member for over a year and I am in the best shape of my life! Be careful though you will be come addicted to this place. The owners and staff have created this amazing energy and you will want to go everyday!  See you there!!
I really love the instructors here. Every time I come back, I love them more. I only go twice to 4 times per month and they always remember my name and make me feel so special. Wish I lived closer so I could come more often.
I had to downgrade this place (3.75 stars if I could) because I have continued my search of the best workout and found something better.  This place is still nice, facilities are great and if you're already in good shape but need to tone, shape up and maybe drop just a couple more lbs this still might be your best bet especially if you want to do it all without really breaking a huge sweat - this place is perfect for when you don't wanna mess up your blowout!!  And well sometimes (especially in the winter) that is major!
Rude service and very tiny studio. Much prefer physique 57 or core fusion.
Its a good place, and yes they do say the exercises are designed to not  put stress on the knee. However, from personal experience, that is not the case. My knees are screwed up because an old injury got aggravated with the Bar Method leg work. I will not be returning soon, but that's because I simply cannot walk without discomfort, let alone bend my knee. If you are injury free, this is an effective exercise for sure.
Very tough but will get you bikini ready in 4 weeks.
Its a great studio with patient and professional instructors.
A good friend of mine introduced me to "Bar" the month before my June wedding. I didn't have much weight to lose but wanted to tone - I definitely felt much firmer within the first week of going and I love my arms in our wedding pictures :). I took a few months hiatus after the wedding but I'm back and still loving it. I know it's working when my husband keeps asking if I'm going to class haha. And can I also say that I had never done a day of yoga or pilates in my life (heck, I don't even stretch before a run!) and I'm loving how flexible, lean, and strong I feel these days.
The Bar Method SoHo is fantastic.  The studios are immaculate, the staff is exceptionally warm and attentive, and the workout is highly effective.  I have tried everything else, and this is by far the best.   In every class you get personalized attention from instructors that know your name.  The workout never becomes boring or too easy.  I love it!
