I will open by stating that I have not eaten at the Chef's Table at Brooklyn Fare and that I have *only heard raves* from people who have.  Three friends and I snagged a hard-to-get reservation there a few weeks ago for a special occasion in October 2011, and we were excited to go.  But we ended up canceling our reservation due to seriously confusing messaging regarding pricing and what we perceived to be insulting customer service policies on the part of the restaurant.  Bear with me and I'll explain how the Chef's Table lost our business: 1. Cost of Meal: Auto-Gratuity When we obtained the reservation, our understanding was that the cost of the meal per person was $185 before tax, gratuity and beverage costs.  A confirmation email sent by the restaurant a few weeks later stated: "Price  $ 185.00 pp plus tax and 20% service fee."  This was the first we had heard of the service fee, and we initially thought that they were now bundling the cost of the meal with mandatory gratuity.  (I wouldn't have had a problem with that, actually.  Per Se does the same thing.)  But the email also stated: "Gratuity is not included it is at your discretion the evening of your dinner.  Gratuity is CASH ONLY."  (By the way, THE USE OF ALL CAPS IS REALLY CLASSY FOR SUCH AN EXPENSIVE JOINT.)  Taking the restaurant at their word, we assumed that the 20% fee did not represent the gratuity and reasoned the following cost structure per person (not including beverage): $185.00 (dinner) + 8.75% (sales tax) + 20% ("service fee") + 20% (standard discretionary gratuity).  This came to approximately $275...way more than what we originally expected to pay (and, btw, just $20 shy of the cost of dinner and service at Per Se).  As the restaurant stated to Eater.com, it turns out that its email was incorrect regarding the "service fee," and it did intend for this fee to represent a mandatory gratuity charge.  (See ny.eater.com/archives/20…).  So, the confirmation email was in error and (one would like to think not purposefully) misleading.  (The Eater post also notes that the restaurant has subsequently decided that pre-payment of gratuity is "optional.") 2. Cost of Meal: Beverage Cost The Chef's Table at Brooklyn Fare started out as a BYOB establishment, and this was definitely a major selling point.  When we got the reservation, however, a rep on the phone reported with certainty that the restaurant would have its liquor license by the date of our meal and would no longer offer BYOB.  We were slightly disappointed, but still generally excited for the meal.  Then the confirmation email came.  It read, simply: "Currently BYOB (this may change)."  We were perplexed.  So, we might have the option of bringing our own booze, but we may also be required to buy marked-up booze from the restaurant?  The restaurant was clearly hedging its bets, and we had no assurance that we would be informed in advance which policy would apply to our meal.  And we had no idea of knowing what kind of alcohol offerings and pricing the restaurant might adopt.  For all we knew, we might be forced to spend $100+ per person on a coursed wine pairing.  This was the real deal-breaker.  Is it unreasonable for a diner to expect to have some vague notion of how much they'll spend at a restaurant in advance of their meal? 3. Requiring (a Non-Refundable) Pre-Payment The restaurant required pre-payment by credit card seven days in advance of our reservation date.  At first this seemed understandable, as no-shows and last-minute cancellations could dramatically affect the profitability of such a business.  (It is an 18-seat restaurant.)  Yet again the restaurant's confirmation email undermined my willingness to comply with this relatively unorthodox policy because it was not up-front about what costs required prepayment.  It stated: "100% of the dinner fee will be charged 7 days prior to the day of the reservation and is non-refundable."  So, $185?  Or %185 + 20% service fee?  Or $185 + 20% + 8.75% sales tax?  Should one have to beg a restaurant for such crucial details?  And would they be following up in the event that BYOB was no longer an option and require pre-payment for previously unadvertised alcohol costs as well?  This confusion, coupled with the lingering question of whether if I got hit by a bus six days in advance of the meal I might be refunded by Brooklyn Fare (which would probably have plenty of time to leverage its wait-list) just added to the already unacceptable degree of frustration associated with this reservation. A lot of people have obviously really enjoyed their time at this restaurant.  For us, though, the confusing terms dictated by this business in advance of our reservation were unacceptable for a restaurant so highly regarded.
The food was uniformly excellent, but I kind of hate this place, at least a little.  I mean, a meal costs $225 per person, with 20% gratuity on top, charged before you walk in the door.  If you can't make it, you swallow the whole cost.  If you come late (we were late - sigh), you miss part of the meal.  All this is whatever, I guess.  Restaurants are allowed to charge as much as they can get away with, and I understand the stiff rules.  If you think of the three hour dinner here as a pre-paid show, you can even understand why you give up part of the entertainment on a late arrival.  But - all this should buy a handsome, thoroughly enjoyable experience.  Not so. The reservation system is fucked up.  My mom called to inquire about booking a spot, and the guy on the phone told her to call back the coming Monday.  When she got through on that specified day (after over 400 attempts!), the same guy told her to call the next week - he had made a mistake.  Thankfully, he was able to find us a spot, but he gave my mom a hard enough time that she almost cried. And once we arrived, service was just not good.  It was competent and somewhat formal, but cold as ice.  I liked the setting - intimate, 18 counter seats with a full view of all the prep, with a waitress circling the middle - but it was so metallic and joyless, I felt like I was watching surgery.  I suspect the management heard that curt, clinical service is prestigious, that it shows that an expensive pre-paid meal is still a privilege.  Obviously, as an OCD Yelper, I'm going to complain about the no photo no notes policy.  Look, it's pretentious as hell, but I kind of get the no photos.  But no notes?  I tried anyway, just took notes on my phone under the table, thinking the purpose of the policy was to not bother other customers.  Nope.  Halfway through, one of the servers stopped me.  The policy is in place because Brooklyn Fare has some notion of keeping itself a (super prestigious) black box.  Well fuck that.  I derive a lot of my enjoyment from a meal in its lasting impression, and photos and menus add a lot of value to my dining.  $400+ should buy a detailed account.  So I found a loophole.  Let's just say it's my photographic memory. I gather we missed around four courses, and ate somewhere around twenty, with glasses of Sancerre and champagne and Burgundy along the way.  The food was delicious, heavy on seafood, with beautiful flavors and plating.  I had a few favorites.  The King salmon with trout roe, cilantro, and onion, was a top grade piece of fish, buttery and fresh, accented by the burst of roe and the clean green cilantro sauce.  San Diego sea urchin with black truffle and brioche exploded on my palate, a bite of ultimate luxury.  Octopus came cooked to a perfect yielding firmness, with hearts of palm and cucumber to augment its flavor and texture.  And finally, I loved a small bowl of smoked cod and potato topped with a heap of black caviar. The rest of the dishes were less memorable, but never less than superb.  We started in time for a few fanciful morsels of premium sushi.  First there was jackfish with sunchoke, arugula, ginger, and sesame; then the King salmon; then hiramasa with golden trout roe, crispy burdock root, and a hit of mustard; then that lovely uni.  Next came Portuguese sardine with sage and a potato chip; after that a small bowl of jumbo lump crab with shredded phyllo, scallop, and cucumber yogurt.  The meal continued with the octopus and smoked cod, with a meaty piece of langoustine in between, coated in a fragrant Iranian saffron sauce.  A seafood custard brought flavors of truffle, dashi, shrimp, uni, chives, and black pepper, in a dish reminiscent of a chawanmushi.  The next two dishes brought larger fillets of fish - delicate red-scaled rouget with Japanese rice and Thai curry, and turbot with black truffle and sunchoke.  The rouget was perfectly cooked, but the rice wasn't great, and the curry a bit meek.  The turbot dish had a stronger profile, with flavors that bloomed.  The meal leaned away from seafood for its final movement, starting with a transitional plate bearing bites of lobster, veal agnolotti, abalone, and foie gras.  All good, none extraordinary.  Then there was tender duck with porcini mushroom and miso salsify, and to segue to dessert, sheep's milk cheese with pear, balsamic, and crouton.  I loved the intermezzo of blood orange and Greek yogurt sorbet.  For dessert, there was a spiced tonka bean ice cream with chocolate and gold, and finally vanilla cake with tangerine, granola, and Riesling ice cream.  The desserts were not the highlight, but they were certainly good.  Chocolate caramels sent us out the door. For all the glorious food, I couldn't muster much love for this meal.  Sure, the food was essentially flawless, but best I've ever had?  A solid no.  I've had better meals, with great service, at enough restaurants, for less money, that I don't have to come back to Brooklyn Fare ever again.
Best meal of my life.  This can be my final meal.
It was not perfect. Alaskan king crab was beautifully luscious but underseasoned. A diver scallop was a hair overcooked. An absurdly unctuous piece of foie gras was too generous (yes, I said it) without the balance of any starch. But what I experienced at the Chef's Table at Bklyn Fare was something better than perfect. Chances were taken. Elements should not have fit together. Caviar bedded in fried potato bits? Black truffle shavings snowstormed over a Japanese risotto? Hot Parmesan-Reggiano foam over cold split-pea soup? Sardine and basil woven into a *potato chip*? Pulling it all off takes fearsome technique, a great respect for the ability of ingredients to shine, and a heck of a vision. A *sustained* vision when you're talking about 30-odd courses. Without the assistance of (outlawed) note-taking. I thought I could maybe remember 10 in detail before petering out. I even asked a lovely lady seated next to me to help. But I maxed out at 3. Because every single course shot for the moon, and after a few minutes, I just wanted to float in waves of incredulity. A bounty of canapes to start: sashimiesque fish with an underlying brushstroke of sauce and a floral garnish. After the fact, can I tell you which of the [hirame, saba, shima-aji, kinmedai, shake, toro, etc.] was paired with a subtle [ginger, shiso, cilantro, saffron, yuzu, trout roe]-based sauce and a [radish, orange, arugula, leek] blossom? No. Can I tell you that any of these fish could have held their own in the first-class Manhattan sushi temples, that the sauces kicked them to a different level, that each flower (anywhere else a mere pretentious flourish) contributed a wonderful bit of textural contrast as well as a flavor grace note... that these courses delivered on the promise that Sushi of Gari proposes but never quite fulfills, i.e., the translation of Japanese raw-fish elements into an exciting nouveau medium? Um, YES. What can I tell you about a Shikoku oyster nestled in a cup, a screamingly fresh slice of cucumber and a burst of creme fraiche hidden beneath, a translucent gelee layer vacuum-packed on top as if to preserve its beauty for future generations? How about that it was the most perfect oyster dish this side of the Grand Central Oyster Bar's pan-roast? Or a round of toast topped with Hokkaido sea urchin and a slice of black truffle? That it deserved to join Marea's uni/lardo starter and Kyo Ya's uni/yuba delicacy in the pantheon? It may be obnoxious to refer to other places, but touchstone, even legendary, dishes from those others are what came to mind: head-to-head comparisons with the very best that all of NYC has to offer. And BFare acquitted itself shockingly well, time after time after time. Wagyu tenderloin I've had at Del Posto, at Daniel, at Per Se... All trumped by BFare's coarse, perfect salting and a wisp of plum sauce. A piece of langoustine, lightly battered then fried, defied the physical laws of heat transfer -- how could the crust be so exquisitely crisped, yet the crustacean within be so evanescently cooked? I can't even think of a comparison for that one. A step back, to lesser plates: an octopus with marshmallow tenderness, but anodyne in flavor. A "chawanmushi" with mushrooms, a gloppy dashi base, and streamers of eggs more reminiscent of egg drop soup than the namesake dish. I told you, not perfect. I guess in some make-believe world, 30 straight high-wire plates could inspire you to hold up the "Perfect 10!" sign every time. But I like a Tim Krabbe quote about chess: "The initial position... is a draw, and any move after which it is still a draw must be seen as perfect. And such moves are very easy to find...: 1.d4 d5 2.Bf4 c6 3.Nf3 Nf6 4.e3 e6 5.Bd3 Bd6 6.Bxd6 Qxd6... and so on: the kind of game you sometimes see between weak club players. The Perfect Game is not worth looking at." BFare is clearly not shooting for perfection like that. Instead, the tastes and the aesthetic are manifestly those of Chef Ramirez; his idiosyncratic imagination is for anyone to see. Yes, the standard ambitions are on the sleeves of everyone there: the head chef, the cooks, the servers... Even the customers! If they were like me, they spent 45 minutes hitting "redial" ad nauseum to get through to the restaurant at a precise time on a Monday morning six weeks prior (a forbidding task that had me PTSDing to the early Momofuku Ko days). But his singular drive is the best argument in favor of a place that I was initially skeptical about. "If it's so Japanese-inspired, why not just go to my omakases instead?" I'd wondered. 3 years of kvetching before I went, but I am here to tell you now: if you can't understand the appeal of allowing such a sweeping yet intimate culinary vision to take residence in your head for a few hours, then I have nothing left to say to you. Probability of return within 1 year: 1%
Upgrading to 5 stars. It's really the only option a restaurant like this can have. We went back for a follow up visit and experienced a wonderful meal of all new dishes except for the uni and black truffle which according to Ceasar is the only one that appears every night and always will. Great service. Food is unsurpassed in the city and a great show at the kitchen. Chef Ramirez can be quite distant and soft spoken but is always gracious and checks in to make sure you are enjoying yourself. I think he just feels at home in the kitchen and intends to keep it that way. What I have now realized is that the meal is about 19-20 courses. Not the 25+ you may hear about. And it is a fast meal at around 2 hours. Normally you expect 3 hours but they are working like clockwork so it flies by. Wish it was more paced but you are getting the best quality possible so it's hard to complain. Must do.
Where to begin.... It took me several months to score a reservation here for one reason only - laziness and lack of follow through on my part.  The inexperienced who follow the rules and dutifully dial the reservation line at 10:00am on a Monday and will no doubt be met with a busy signal for the better part of a half an hour.  You may finally reach someone after several Mondays.  After two minutes, yours truly got wise and remembered that every successful business has at least two lines.  Hint: Use your talents and apply this knowledge when calling.  That's all I'll say.... We arrived about three minutes late to our 7:00pm seating for ten people.  I was terribly afraid we would lose our exclusive reservation as punishment for our tardiness and that the nearly $500 I had already paid in advance would be kept to teach me a lesson.  I cursed the F train traveling on the C Line and kept my fingers crossed. We were greeted by the hostess when we arrived and told all was fine with a smile.  She took our coats and seated us at the first two seats to the right of where Chef Cesar Ramirez was standing.  Already I am at ease.  Allow me to clarify, this is not a restaurant, this is a kitchen.  Not just any kitchen either.  The Chef's Table boasts an impressive arsenal in the form of shining stainless steel, gleaming copper and the highly coveted Molteni Stove, which I had previously learned is the only one of its kind in the U.S.  I commented to my boyfriend that had I known better eight years ago I would have surely invested in one of those instead of Las Vegas real estate.  It was easily worth at least twice what I paid for a house and no doubt worth four times more than that today.   The atmosphere was warm, romantically lit and quite elegant.  The stainless counter we were all seated around (and by all I mean ten people) was simply set with black place mats and a glasses of drinking water.  The Chef's Table does not have a license to serve liquor but they do allow you to bring your own and graciously provide specific recommendations prior to arrival.  We elected to bring a half bottle of dry champagne to start, followed my Neumeyer Reisling, then Meursault Sous Le ville (a very nice white Burgundy) and finally the Flowers Pinot Noir.  All paired quite nicely with the meal and the hostess and Maitre D were helpful in advising when would be a good time to switch.  There is a section in the back of the kitchen where patrons can keep their bottles chilled or not, and all appropriate stemware is provided.  While some may be put off by the having to get up and retrieve their own drinks, I personally felt like it created a much more intimate, exclusive environment.  Like you were good enough chums with Georgio Armani that you could rise from the table and help yourself.  Or, in this case, a Three Star Michelin Chef.   I'm not even going to pretend to remember all of the dishes, there were at least twenty-five of them, each perfectly prepared, and each a perfect balance of delicate yet powerful flavor.  Delightful things like hickory smoked caviar, crispy leeks, fois gras and scallops, crispy seared duck, the list goes on and on.   What was perhaps the most memorable was being able to engage Chef Ramirez in light-hearted conversation about where to find truly good Mexican food in New York, and exchanging personal dining favorites.  Though entirely self taught, Chef Ramirez is extremely humble and was constantly checking in on me to make sure I was enjoying the food.  I unnecessarily informed him it was remarkable.   "We always try to take the utmost care in everything we do here, it's very important to us."  he said meekly. To that end I have only this to say to the magnificent Cesar Ramirez.... To "try" implies failure, and YOU sir couldn't possibly be any farther away from that.
Absolutely, blow-your-mind, ridiculously overpriced but totally worth it, out of this world meal of my life. Chef Ramirez is a culinary mastermind and carefully prepares each dish himself (with the help of his sous chefs, of course). Humble and patient, he personally presents each dish you are about to consume. The kitchen fits 18 people and the seats are arranged around the kitchen, so each person has a wide view of all the masterpieces being prepared. It's a once in a lifetime experience, not to be missed!!!! Price tag is $185 per person without tax and tip (About $210 with tax), and they charge your credit card 24 hours before the actual meal itself just in case you decide not to show up. Leave cash for tips discreetly, tucked into the menu or underneath the last dish. You can split up the bill for 4 people onto 2 credit cards, but you can't split further than that. Unfortunately, he doesn't allow you to take pictures or take notes, but I ran home immediately after dinner and typed up everything I could remember. Amuse Bouches (means little bites, meant to be eaten in 1 bite) About 18 in total... Pureed butternut squash with yogurt Madai tuna Sturgeon parfait with dill yogurt Portugese sardine with leek and fried potato King Salmon parfait with salmon roe Porridge with abalone, sea urchin, truffle Deep fried fugu blowfish Yuba/Tofu skin Tobiko wasabi with some type of fish San Diego sea urchin with sliced truffle Crabmeat with fried phyllo dough and dill yogurt Fluke with pickled daikon Kumamoto oyster with crème fraîche and a slip of Key Lime gelée) Entrees 7 entrees and 2 desserts included... Duck Pumpkin Ravioli with Truffle Wagyu Beef .. can't remember the rest:( Greek Yogurt with fruit reduction and gold flakes Apple Crumble Truly a gastronomic paradise that will be seared into your memory forever.
I love amuse bouche, and they served more than ten at Brooklyn Fare.  As a student, I also appreciated the corkage-free BYOB.  If only it weren't so hard to get a reservation...
Solid place for a wild food experience... I feel like we had 20 courses, and only one was a true meat course.  Very special, but not the best for conversing with a large group unless you are seated at a corner.
Rob a bank, sell your first born to a needy lesbian couple, hold Anne Romney's horse for ransom but somehow get the money to go to the best damn dining experience I've ever had, period. Chef Ramirez is brilliant and all the sashimi and everything else for that matter is impeccable. The price is steep but it's a once in a lifetime experience.
Excellent food.  Absolutely delicious.  That being said, you better be in the mood for fish -- about 15 of the 20ish dishes had fish in some form (most focusing on it).  The first two thirds of the meal consisted of all smaller one-bite or so dishes, which was a great way to experience numerous different flavors (way better than some lame 3 course meal at other nice restaurants).  The last third of the dishes were larger, but by no means huge.  It was the perfect amount of food for a dinner of that length. A few things to note: BYOB -- Great, saves you some cash and lets you bring exactly what you want to drink. Best seats -- Probably at the ends, since it lets you hear the descriptions (since most dishes aren't on the menu, but if it is, it's one word like "turbot" or "cheese") and chat with Chef Cesar a bit. Substitutions -- Not a place to be making dietary requests, as Cesar is very serious about what he does.  Saying something like "no fish" would get you pimp slapped and shown the door. Size -- The place is small: you have to squeeze out from your chair to get around the restaurant, especially if you are seated at the end.  All of the wine and glasses are kept in the back, so you might be squeezing in and out a few times during the meal. Tough reservation -- Just call call call. If you ever get through, and they are already full, definitely ask to be put on the waiting list.  Cancellations definitely happen (and that's how I finally got a table). Just be prepared to make the decision on a moment's notice if you get offered a cancelled table weeks later. All in all one of my top dinners in NYC.  Great food, many different flavors to taste, and relaxed/fun environment sitting around the cooks doing their thing.  In the fish realm, probably even better than Le Bernardin, though I ought to head back there again before making that statement for sure...
So, we went for the 10pm (maybe it was 10:30, can't remember) seating. We ordered several bottles of sake and they most certainly reached over my shoulder the entire 2 and half hours to refill my glass. And now that they're serving you your choice of overly priced alcoholic beverages, I believe they've slowed down the coursing, so you can consume more alcohol and perhaps spend more on that alcohol because you are there for so long. There were times between courses that was agonizingly painful because it was so late and cold - we sat next to the door. I'm glad I had the experience, the food is amazing, I repeat AMAZING, but... I liked the BYOB much better and its just so d@nm expensive now!! Oh, and the chairs...if you're any thing over 5'9" are annoying, you sit so far from the dang bar and now that they're serving your beverages over your shoulder, the waiters are constantly bumping into you. PS - Our group of 4 was ~$1600 - food, drinks, & gratuity.
Incredible food. Slightly weird atmos. Turbot with truffles was something so exquisite I do not have the words. If u like food and u can drop 1000 come here. Forget it's in bk and just come.
Without a doubt the best meal of my life. Each dish was exquisite, the progression and rhythm of the meal told a story and it was an incredible one. The preparation is balletic, the flavors are unique and exciting. For weeks after eating at Chef's Table, the prospect of eating a meal composed of one pedestrian dish seemed so sad. Sometimes I would try to remember the sequence of courses at Chef's Table, and I was naturally unable to do so, but sometimes a dish would pop back into my mind, and it was thrilling.
I have been to The Brooklyn Kitchen 7 times and have reservations 3 more times over the next month. Why you may ask? Simply because it is that good. Still BYOB currently (which will change once the liquor license comes in) and a relative bargain for the experience. Chef Ramirez uses only the finest ingredients and he spares no cost in providing it to his customers. He lets the food speak for itself without overwhelming it unnecessarily. As for Chef Ramirez being serious about his cooking I totally agree. He is not trying to provide a frat house atmosphere but he lets diners enjoy themselves freely. Just don't act rude or distracting to him or the other patrons and all will be good. I have witnessed some poor obnoxious behavior here. It's sad today to see how self absorbed some diners can be these day. No regard to the people around them. The company of the meal makes it that much more enjoyable. Wine geeks can share their bottles and be generous enough to offer the staff a tase because it will go along way. I can't rave enough about it and will be returning this thursday for the new format. HINT(Just don't break his fine china)
The hype is real, a perfect meal.
Why Come Here? NYC's most intimate (with the chef) dining experience, a sampling of 20 intricately prepared foods You probably don't need me to tell you the food at Chef's Table is fantastic. The three Michelin Stars, 29 Food Rating on Zagat  and heaps of other critical praise probably got the point across. But it's not the food so much that distinguishes it from top restaurants like Per Se, Eleven Madison Park and Le Bernardin, all of which serve inventive cuisine with top notch ingredients. It's the approach that Chef's Table takes to dining. The three restaurants above represent fine dining in the traditional sense: opulent decor, plush seating and friendly, highly attentive service. Chef's Table, on the other hand, is like eating an intimate meal in a great chef's kitchen (hence the name). All 18 diners sit in a semi-circle watching the kitchen, a friendly format that encourages conversation with fellow diners. You can watch dishes being brought to you straight from the kitchen by a server enclosed in the semi-circle. Your only other server is the sommelier, who delivers your wine from an extensive, high-priced and French Focused wine list. While this approach is unusual, it's not novel (Momofuku Ko has a similar format). What really sets Chef's Table  apart is that executive Chef Cesar Ramirez stands right in front of you the entire time and (when not preparing food) is chatting, delivering dishes and answering questions. He even hung around after the meal to discuss it with us for at least 30 minutes. Truly amazing. As for the food, there are no photos or notes allowed and 20+ courses (most of them 1 bite) so I won't be doing the usual rating of each dish. However, nearly everything was exquisite. Briefly, here's what we received: An amuse bouche of cucumber/lime soup Around a dozen single bite fish courses, with fresh, exotic fish with a small amount of sauce. The sauces ran the gamut from salty to sweet to smokey. One of my favorites was an oysters with a granny smith apple and cream sauce. A scallop with caviar smoked table side was another highlight. A single meat course of perhaps the most tender duck I've eaten. An all-in-one "cheese plate" consisting of thinly sliced cheese over a fig jam. Three dessert courses including smomething resembling a strawberry shortcake and chocolates with banana cream and whiskey. While it's expensive (at $225 a head + tax&tip) and reservations are hard to come by (call 6 weeks ahead on Monday at 10:30AM, repeat), the Chef's Table is an experience like no other in New York and definitely worthwhile.
What an amazing restaurant and experience!  This is definitely one of the top places I've had the pleasure of eating at.  First of all, reservations are DAMN hard to get.  I would say I tried for about a month and through pure luck got through one day.  I called religiously every Monday from 10:30-4pm and by the time I got through reservations would be booked for the week. I put myself on the waitlist each week but never received a call.  Finally I got through one Monday morning and totally scored.  This restaurant serves one of the best meals and everything is meticulously prepared.  The chef is extremely low key and humble.  Remembering everything I ate is impossible.  Just when you think you're done, you're not.  And then there's dessert, which is multiple courses as well.   You're not allowed to take pictures but it's the memory of the feeling you get after you tried each bite that stays.  Truly amazing.
Best. Meal. Of. My. Life. Ceasar Ramirez changed the way that I will think about food. Forever. When I actually told him this, he replied, "It's just food." I have been here twice, both times with my partner and another couple. We have managed to converse easily (despite what others have said about the somewhat awkward seating) and have had amazing experiences through and through. ALL canapes are amazing - especially anything being served with Uni and yes, there will be Uni. No photography, no note taking - I only wish I could recount the details of more than a handful of the 20 canapes I had in January and the 16 I had in April. Some overlap - I believe there are 5 or so staples. A word of advice...until they secure their liquor license, you can BYO. I suggest reaching out to the reservation hostess, who will put you in touch with the sommellier. She will give you recommendations so you can pair your courses. It's been a lovely experience to start with champagne or something sparkling moving through at least 2-3 additional bottles. She (Michelle) will also let you know when to switch to what. (I would offer Ceasar a glass - not a bad idea to get on his good side. He is making you each of the brilliant dishes you are eating, afterall). We have ended up sharing wine with those sitting around us as well - if you're comfortable with that. If you don't like seafood this spot may not be for you...
the brooklyn fare kitchen "class" meets at 7pm, only 10 "students" get reservations.  you sit, you meet, you chat, and then Cesar Ramirez whips up dinner three feet in front of you --an 8-course meal (give or take, because depending on his mood, he may change it up or throw in a little something extra).  we had brains, scallops, veal, tomatoes, hibiscus infusion, halibut and a whole mess more.   his resume is crazy-- just go check out the website.  the food is completely delicious--he talked about balance being the key to a good dish, you GET TO SEE his technique UP CLOSE), and he really truly enjoys talking to the diners and hearing what they think.  after every course serving, he'd wait about five minutes and then say: "How is it?" don't forget to bring cash to tip the sous Juan and busser.  and wine, plenty of wine.  it's BYOB and the menu can vary, next time i go i'll bring one white and one red instead of just red. Get Your Reservations Now.  a year from now, this place will cost twice as much and the waiting list will be 6 months long.
FOOD 4.5 SERVICE 4.5 For $500 a head  including wine, this establishment now enjoys its sudden stardom from being a value BYOB chowhound heaven to joining its star-spangled peers like perse/11mad, well in this case, a sushi bar for the rich. The execution was spotless, well deserving its reputation, but the menu selection defies the purpose of its format, gets boring after 10 plates of lightly touched seafood in similar form. Liked the soy tuna, bluenose with zing,  hot and cold shooter, and the "last bottle in the world wine". Chef was nice but understandably seemed bored with the usual chatter about his japanese fushion style. Definitely needs to be a regular to register.
im extremely surprised at the select bad reviews, but hey, everyone's experience is different, maybe on those particular days, the Chef/server(s) had bad days themselves?  not sure.... what i can say is i LOVE this place.  we love it so much that we try to go once a quarter, but given how expensive it is, the limit is once a quarter, no more.  and every time we go, we try to take diff ppl w/ us to experience, so we've always had reservations for 4. how should i describe BK Fare, you know how food critics sometimes say, theres a symphony of flavors in my mouth?  well, thats exactly how i feel!  not to say EVERY dish is like that but pretty darn close!!!  and theres nothing gimmicky abt this place, just PURE GOOD FOOD.  to me, its the best bang for your buck in terms of 3-star restaurants b/c of the amazing ingredients they use; no carrot tartare, for example.... this is the ONLY restaurant we go to on a regular basis and the BEST restaurant ive ever eaten at.  Cesar is welcoming at least every time we've been, in fact, the 2nd time we went, which was a whole yr after the very 1st time (we started going once a quarter after the 2nd time), he remembered us from a yr ago and made sure to stop by/say hello! LOVE LOVE LOVE.
Just got back and I was blown away - this place is truly amazing! The table is intimate, the food is amazing and, contrary to some opinions, I found Chef Ramirez to be utterly engaging and welcoming. He talked to nearly everyone, more than once, making sure to go around the whole table to ask how we were doing. The dishes were fresh, all ~25 of them!! I was so stuffed, I felt like I was rolling out the door! Most of the starters were seafood, which was perfect - light and easing you into the main courses. The lamb and quail were exquisite, the uni was amazing (and I didn't like the uni at Ko), and even the oyster was so well-done that I enjoyed it (and I have never once enjoyed an oyster). Even the desserts were amazing - which impressed me even more - a chef with a deft hand at both the main dishes and the dessert. Love the BYOB (although, I had to stop because there was so much food). Cutest little service-ware. I could go on and on... The only cons I could think of was the reservation system (6 weeks in advance, Monday starting at 10am only) and one deep-fried canape, that just didn't stand out like every other dish. As an FYI - they charge your card ahead of time but the tip must be in cash. It's about a half block up from Brooklyn Fare, the grocery. Go and enjoy (and spend the day preparing yourself for the onslaught of delicious food)!!
HOLY MOLY!!!! what a treat!!! only 18 tables but every 18 will walk away a satisfied customer. Chef Cezar Ramirez was absolutely amazing, his combination of ingredients surprised me on every dish. It was a combination of seafood (predominantly fish) and other ingredients but the combination just blew my mind, not alot of cooking alot of raw fish but damnnnnn....its realllllly good!.
The food, as discussed exhaustively by others, is extremely impressive. I was surprised by how Japanese-inflected it was - lots of raw or barely cooked seafood, etc. The chef is certainly a moody control-freak bastard - we got him on a grumpy, taciturn night, barely speaking to the customers, and near-silently dressing down his staff when they didn't execute to his satisfaction. Theatre! All in all a unique and extraordinary experience.
I am just recovering from my meal last night and can't help thinking about it. MICHELIN is smart to jump on the Chef's Table bandwagon. Sure i would think no wine list, no coat rack, and a casal environment (including the dress code) would prevent a 3 star rating. But if Food is the main thing (which Chef Cesar will tell you it is)....this place is an easy 3 star. While it's casual, don't be fooled. The Kitchen and plateware are gorgeous.....worthy of any top food place. The 18 canape's that start the meal (most 1 bite courses, a few 2 bites) are all served individually. I have often tasted a few great amuse bouches wishing I could have a whole meal of them. Well thats what you get here. I would say of the 18, mostly seafood, canape's 15 were awesome, while the other 3 were only great. Almost all are Japanese style, mostly raw, Kaiseke-like, Also, the timing was perfect. One every 5 minutes, so you were never waiting.....never hungry. Then the main courses arrive (mostly appetizer sized, which fits perfect with the theme, and never let's the amount of food get out of hand). The meal hit on all the key foodie food groups......Uni, Caviar, Foie Gras, Black Truffle, and White Truffle. White Truffle on the Pumkin Raviolo was a surprise. Generous shavings, no supplemental charge. Delicious. Whether it was the piping hot Squash Soup, Uni with Black Truffle on Brioche, Flash Fried Sardine, Salmon Parfait, Black Truffle Dashi w/ Foie Gras or Lobster w/ Foie, not to mention Cavair, Potato, and Beet Puree, and a stunning duck breast with Crispy skin cooked a perfect medium rare (the only meat course of the night).....the food was fantastic. The last thing is Cesar Ramirez himself. He gets a bad rap for being too serious and too controlling. That said, Whatever questions I had, he answered....whether about his ingredients, other chef's/restaurants, Michelin, the kitchen.....anything. I called him Chef....he said to call him Cesar. And he will gladly take pictures with the guests after the meal. He seems like a really good guy. Also, you have to respect a 3 star Michelin chef who is cooking 5 ft from you. While Alain Ducasse, Daniel Boulud and others rarely cook in the kitchen.....this is watching a guy, who is at the top of his game, with confidence to cook right in front of his guests. So, add me to the bandwagon, ..........If you love food, you must go.
Rate food a 4 star: alot of raw Japanese fish - most fresh seafood has no flavor so the sauces/garnishes make it...Ironically, yellow fin tuna course which we get fresh on the East coast, tasted "fishy."  Again, most fresh seafood has no taste. Chef Cesar Ramirez's Energy: one star; Guests sat in an "u" shape & only the server which was located in the "u" actually served & told you what each course was. I noticed the Spanish speaking guests were seated on the ends of the 'U" & talked to the Chef all night long...Unless asked to come over & answer a question, he never left behind the line or uttered a word except to his Spanish speaking guests on the end.  I know they had other seatings but I felt like Lucy & Ethel trying to eat everything so fast off the assembly line to keep up!!! Staff (Server & Wine Steward): Very unfriendly & only told you what the courses were not explain them IE. where the garnishes were from, the spices/flavors, veg.  When asked, we felt as if we were asking Kentucky Fried Chicken what their special spices they use in their recipe!!!  Just eat, don't ask...I chuckle when people describe themselves as "foodies."  I guess most "foodies" just want to eat & not learn about the chef & his creations...How can you truly know about food if you don't educate yourself & ask questions? Final comments/observations: The cuisine in the dining "experience" is just a fraction of the total "experience."  How many dives have you dined @ & had a fabulous time because the energy & staff surrounded you w/a welcoming warmth?  My expections of this Michelin 3 star rated restaurant were high (in the 80's I traveled through France eating only @ Michelin 3 star restaurant - Georges Blanc, Paul Bocuse, Michel Guerard, Maison Troisgros-just to name a few...The chefs & their staffs were warm, friendly & made you feel as if you were a guest in their French home.  Shame on the "new breed" of this Michelin Star rated restaurant...I would never recommend this overrated dining experience to any "foodie" or otherwise...
My second visit was every bit as good as my first.  Plain and simply this is foodie nirvana.
Ok, so I know I'm going against the tide, but this is of course mine and my boyfriend's personal experience. To begin with, we found the "getting a reservation experience" much easier than expected and the gentleman taking our calls very accommodating. Being that we were in New York for only a couple of weeks, we were thrilled to be able to get a reservation on our last evening, and were treating it as being the highlight of the trip. Leading up to the night, we were instructed of course on all the rules- no cell phones, no photos etc. Even though it felt like a "soup nazi" list, we were still excited and ready for the dining experience of a lifetime (being all that had been written). Due to the fact the reservations are hard to come by, paying before was fine but requiring tipping before seemed a little presumptuous. We both have eaten at three star Michelin rated restaurants in the US and Europe before, so we weren't green to the prospect of exceptional food and service. Unfortunately this is not what we got. The start of the night began just fine. Everyone seemed friendly and although the chef was not chatty he greeted us with a smile. So now for the bad elements. Firstly, the lady next to me was on her phone constantly and evidently invisible to the rest of the staff. You're sitting right next to the person on either side as it's one large table, so her constant texting and commenting (as she became more and more drunk) was increasingly annoying. I'll get to the food in a minute. The chef was quiet to the room except for two ladies who seemed to have been stealing his time by creating some kind of drama by leaving the room with him and the manager then returning only to have him preoccupied for the rest of the evening. Now for the food. We knew it was heavy seafood but did not expect around 90% to be seafood and raw. Some of the items were very innovative  and very flavorful but not out of this world as we were expecting. The menu seemed very unbalanced and quite frankly, unsatisfying (bizarre for a large tasting menu). Squab was the only meat dish served and left us craving for more. Dessert was mediocre and could be found in any average restaurant. What you have to remember is that this is a three star Michelin rated restaurant and expectations and prices are extremely high. My boyfriend is a French trained chef who has worked in two and three star Michelin restaurants in New York and France, so he really knows his food on a different level, and he commented that the fish was not that fresh, especially for a top rated restaurant. To conclude. He ended up violently ill (presumably from one of the many seafood items), I ended up hungry and we both ended up extremely disappointed. When we emailed after the dinner to express our experience, we didn't even get a courtesy email to say sorry or even acknowledge the email at all! We were shocked that such a high caliber restaurant wouldn't even return our correspondence, especially since we wrote twice! Overall it left a sour taste in our mouths and we felt lucky we had experienced other wonderful New York restaurants before this one. Wish we had saved the $600 for somewhere else! As a side note, you may want to read the filtered reviews also. I was beginning to think we were the only unsatisfied customers.
Brooklyn Fare  - Chef's Table We had four people calling this place non-stop and one of us got through. Yay. The German riesling (by the glass) here is the best that I've tasted ever - refreshing, crisp, and sweet. The plates that were used with each course (from France - le Corquet?) were all very delicate, beautiful and modern. I just wanted to take each one home with me. My impression is that each dish only included the finest ingredients known to man. The starting butternut squash shooter with yogurt was very boring but the progression became more interesting over time. The beginning of the tasting included many sashimi pieces (red snapper with ponzu, blue fin tuna, saba, shima aji, mackerel, Tasmanian trout, etc) with perfectly complimenting sauces and seasonings. There was also a Kumamoto oyster with key lime gelee that was pretty good but kind of boring in my opinion (Kumamoto oysters are kind of like a starter oyster for people who don't eat oysters). The caviar course is great for caviar-lovers but I've never been one, so it was just an OK dish for me. Those dishes were the boring ones but they were very tasty. My favorite of the tasting was the seafood soup which included tofu, sea urchin, abalone, eel, and foie gras. The octopus course and the sea urchin with truffle were fabulous, as was the one with the lean foie gras, veal ravioli, and a couple of other items. Another dish was the red mullet with the sea urchin risotto/rice, which I thought was interesting but not as delicious as some other courses. The Portuguese sardine dish was good. There was a smoked applewood dish but I can't seem to remember which one that was. The heaviest was the duck, which was cooked to a raw medium perfection with a little bit of fat still left - I could cut through it pretty easily and it wasn't gamey at all. The sauce on the duck could have been better. Dessert included a tangy ice cream (similar to pinkberry) with lots of gold flakes on top and a cheese plate. I remember a red wine and port reduction sauce but I forget which dish it was on (haha). There might have been lobster somewhere. I'm sure I've left out a few dishes here and there (I did the tasting many days ago). Chef Ramirez can certainly be intimidating but he is also very attentive and helpful in telling us what we were eating. The crew definitely leave out the details in presenting you with each course so you kind of have to guess what ingredients are in certain dishes. Overall, an incredible experience.
Great combination of ingredients and very nicely executed plates. Chef Cesar is a great artist plating his delectable creations on equally beautiful dishes. The best meal we had in New York!
l have never been a fan of the sea-urchin, which I've always felt tastes more like the floor of the sea, than the sea itself. But then I was privileged to have dinner at Chef Cesar Ramirez's Brooklyn Fare, where the urchin with black truffle tasted of the sea, and tides, and wind, and spray...and the cool, dark forest. I have been reformed, converted, changed forever. I want sea-urchin, but only of the finest quality, prepared by the most talented chefs, who can turn this spiny invertebrate into the culinary dimension of the great Pacific. Cesar Ramirez is truly gifted and a dinner at his restaurant is truly a gift, an exquisitely prepared master work of taste, form, and color the memory of which will stay with you long after you have finished savoring the last bit of dessert, hoping it will never end. I cannot recall or repeat each of the many compositions that made their way before me from Ramirez's talented hands, from oyster, turbot, and caviar to foie gras and snail, but it was, in the whole, an experience I'll never forget. Thank you, Chef.
I lucked out and got a reservation here for my birthday. Love the BYOB, but I especially love how they plate each course right in front of you...the food was clean, and executed perfectly.
4.5 stars (close to a 5).  20 courses.  Cannot beat that.  BYOB.  Only downside is they try to get three groups of people every night, so it feels strange to have half the room come in 1 hour after you have started eating.  Chef is definitely a character; I feel bad for the sous-chef since he seems to be the one doing all the cooking.
The first thing my hubby tasted made him exclaim, "WHOA!.... What was that!!!!!?!?" with a complete look of amazement on his face.   I really could wax on about just how wonderful this place is and how it was one of the best meals I've ever had, but really, take the challenge of getting the reservation to eat there and find out for yourself.  I mean, when a friend told me that he knew someone who ate there and had to wipe tears off his face from one of the courses, I believe him.  Chef Ramirez's food is like a gorgeous and touching performance that engulfs you in it's delicacy and beauty.  But it's the kind of performance you make friends over as you exclaim and delight with your dining neighbors.  Drinks get shared, laughter, grins, and contented countenances ensue.   I often eat at places that are well-executed and delicious, but very rarely have I eaten at a place that is that thrilling. Truly astonishing food.  Go.
One of the most memorable meals of my life. Should be on everyone's bucket list!
Believe all the hype. If you can get a reservation.
Awesome! Really cool experience to be one of 18 guests and watch your food get created before your eyes. The food was so good it all melted in your mouth. I can't tell you my favorite because first I can't pick just one but also because they don't have menus they tell you what is it and that's that. No pictures allowed but the chef is nice and talks to everyone. The food was so beautiful every detail perfectly placed and set in its desired spot. The beautiful edible flowers in most dishes was a really great touch. You can tell the chef loves to cook and really puts his all into every dish. Would absolutely return worth every penny. I would suggest the 4 glass wine pairing or they will even let you get two different kinds. The only down fall was the desserts and cheese course they were good but didn't stand up to the spectacular first 14 dishes .. the frustration of trying to get a reservation is worth it. The only complaint is the seats are very close to each other for such a beautiful space you wish you had a little more room.
Like some of the other reviewers, I have eaten at a number of other restaurants in New York with 2-3 Michelin stars and/or Zagat food ratings of 26-29. Unlike them, I do not feel that the Chef's Table at Brooklyn Fare is deficient because of its service. On the contrary, my wife's and my meal at this restaurant was the best in our lives, hands down. Better than Le Bernardin, better than Daniel, better than Bouley. Absolutely. The. Best. Meal. Of. My. Life. The details of the meal have been described in other reviews--multiple small bites followed by a seven course tasting menu of larger portions sparingly described on the menu you receive. I went in May and it was then (and I believe still is) BYOB, which made it all the more worthwhile. The food was not just the most flavorful and amazingly presented food I have ever had, it was inventive with flavor combinations and texture combinations that I had never had before. The presentation was stunning, with each dish and silverware piece seemingly made for that particular dish. Is the service the same as at Le Bernardin or Daniel? Of course not--you're essentially in the kitchen with no waitstaff. It's a completely different experience. That doesn't make it bad, or worse, just different. But the chef is wonderful and, if you treat him and his food with respect, very happy to answer questions and talk, especially as the evening goes on. Also, equally part of the experience is the communal setting and being able to talk with other diners, an experience you never get in other restaurants. Don't go for a romantic dinner for 2 where you'll feel pampered--this isn't that place. But if you want the absolute best food of your entire life, at a high but absolutely worth-it price, then this is the restaurant for you.
Cute little things to eat in cute little plates. I liked the experimental nature of the dining experience... but the overall meal lacked a certain cohesiveness.
Came here for my birthday...it was the best meal and experience of my life.  You feel so special and important there. I felt like I was a food judge on a cooking show. A must for any people that appreciate great food and different dining experiences
Securing Friday night seats at Cesar Ramirez's Chef's Table at Brooklyn Fare locked in the dates I'd travel to New York.  My first awareness of Brooklyn Fare came when reading of New York's Michelin-starred restaurants.  The phrase "3-star BYO" grabbed my attention.  By the time I made it back to NYC, the price had been raised & it was no longer BYO.  Despite that, I was intrigued by the concept.  Stripped down creature comforts and outstanding food--a Michelin 3 star meal at a stainless steel counter--is a unique proposition.  As I have always cared much more about food than service or atmosphere, I was excited to see this taken to an extreme. We had 8-10 cold dishes, 6-8 small warm courses, a few composed plates, and a few desserts. Discussing this meal in the days that followed, we consistently praised the precision and flavors showcased throughout the night.  This is clearly market- and chef-driven omakase executed at an extremely high level (plus the new Brooklyn Fare wine list was impressive).  However, while the in-the-kitchen view is a unique concept, I'm not sure that it is more enjoyable than a dining room setting.  Only a modest amount of cooking occurred at the time of service, so most observable activities were plating, blending, and saucing.  Considering the limited privacy due to guests' proximity and the engagement feels a bit like being at a party where you only know one other person.  That said, it's an impressive, unique dining experience and any downside of the format is more than made up for by the quality of the food served.  Clearly of the highest quality, this meal was a great way to start our week of memorable meals. Snipped from my blog..food specifics here: fillc.blogspot.com
Have been three times, and am convinced that this is the best dining experience in New York. Earns it stars.
my good friend took me here for my belated dinner and it was pretty good. intimate dining experience and the stuff was unique. chef was very nice and so was the staff.. i can't go into everything i ate. it was a lot of food and i liked most of my dishes. some were a miss for me. but i enjoyed it nonetheless.
Best meal of my 34 years on this planet. Will write more later, with details but wanted to get this out there.
Great food! Master chef
We had been waiting for five months to go here and were crazy excited.  A number of the canapes were quite good - but after we finished our canapes the chef asked to speak with my friend in order to tell her that we were being too loud - we have fun And laugh and have a good time - he suggested for a good time we should try a bar!  This made us so uncomfortable - I love food and well prepared food more than anything it is my religion I worship food - and I could not enjoy anything after this.  We stayed for uncomfortable mains with the chef always avoiding our glance and then left after dessert.  Incredibly, the chef chased us down the street to expound on our "rudeness" and tell us how the place was not in fact a restaurant?  We would never have returned (honestly on the weakness of the mains - despite the social shaming I really liked a number of the canpaes, but nothing interested me with the mains) but he told us not to come back and crazily continued to denigrate our manners as customers (at his non-restaurant restaurant)!  Listen go to momofuku ko - go to jean georges - go to 11 madison - there are so many options with ethereal food where they treat you lovingly and encourage you to have a good time.
Most of the dishes were melt in your mouth amazing goodness where your immediate reaction was simply a "wow".  Ambiance was perfect, we were able to enjoy each dish without any loud chatter, but then again we were all left stunned in silence  with each dish. We did overhear a Gordon Ramsay moment which showed how serious the chef was with his craft. This was def one of the best meals, we weren't crawling out of the restaurant like we did at 11 Madison, instead we left perfectly full and happy.  One other thing- best wine pairing.  It was definitely the best pairing we've ever had, highly recommend as it is well worth the extra bucks.
One of the best meals of my life and by far the best tasting menu/chefs table there is in NY. Went with three friends, the meal and four bottles of wine paird with the meal were surreal. I happy happy and thankful to have gotten the reservation and look forward to eating there again!
I am now reading the reviews for the first time after having dined at Chef's Table this week and am realizing that since I experienced it without the preconceived expectations often mentioned here that are seemingly a consequence of the tremendous effort required beforehand (I didn't make the reservation, have no idea what it cost, or where we were since our driver took us), I can feel somewhat unbiased and just talk about the food, the wine, the service, and the space. I was glad to be in the first seating (7pm)  and felt sorry for the second seating (I think 7:30) having to watch us eat and basically ruin any element of surprise while their dishes followed a few courses behind. As for the space itself, I rather liked sitting around a professional chef's kitchen and being a part of the action. Because it is small and people are dining so close to each other, I kept thinking that this would really be amazing if we were all friends experiencing this together. Instead some couples were silent foodies, others loud and celebratory, thus making for an awkward ambiance toward which the server made no effort. Be sure to go with someone with whom you're comfortable sitting in silence as we all were for the first half-hour (no first date!). The chef was very kind to personally welcome everyone with a handshake or backpat before the meal. The server, however, seemed to be trying to be so professional that she came off as cold and uptight the whole evening, which again had we not been in such an intimate setting would have been ok. The sommelier had the right balance of professionalism, making sure the guests were comfortable. Reading here that it used to be BYOB, I can enviously imagine it would have been fun to bring wines from our own collection and enjoy sharing with the people around us to break the ice. Alas, we had their wine pairing, which was thoughtfully selected but just OK compared to what we would have brought and liked to have paired with the food since I'm not much of a white wine drinker. The food was meticulously prepared and plated with precision technique (tweezers) and thankfully there are many other reviews here with detailed descriptions because without allowing pictures or imparting us with a menu, I can't remember the dozens of small dishes. A few things I did notice: I usually don't like scallops but they cooked it to textural perfection; uni was used in several of the dishes, but unfortunately it was not the freshest uni (and with urchin freshness is binary). I did really like that most of the menu was seafood. They used the expected high-end ingredients (caviar, truffles, etc) in delicious and masterfully prepared ways, but to be honest, I did not see the "mind-blowing" innovation of flavor combinations or textures that Yelpers  write about here. It was no Alinea. One other awkward moment was at the end, when there was no indication that our dinner was over. While we did not want to disturb the staff busily working on the second seating group, a quick "thank you" exchange with someone would have been a nice way to end the evening. Instead we just kind of walked out. So, having now dined at every three Michelin starred restaurant in New York (and many others worldwide) I would of course recommend Chef's Table as a satisfactory dining experience, but I would not be in a hurry to return. I imagine it would have been a fun and fascinating find in its early days, but now with its 3 Star plaque prominently displayed on the wall, it seems to be trying to be like the others rather than embracing its intimacy and uniqueness. I hope this has been of help to some readers.
I think everything has probably been said already, but a special shout out to Caesar and his team for being so friendly.
Have to admit...food was amazing. But at $185 a pop...it's not a place I would go back anytime soon.
I struggled to write this review b/c i didnt want to share but i felt guilty.  i thought it was better than per se--no qualms about it.  The dining experience is amazing (chef table feel) given the intimacy of the place and Cesar's care in explaining the dishes.  His dishes are truly creative and innovative.  The byob also makes it easy on the wallet as top restaurants also charge top dollars for wine.  This reminds me of the old bouley for those that recalled how innovative the dishes were, which makes sense given Cesar was the executive chef there.  He cooks only a few nights a week but you can setup a special dinner for 10 on his nights off.
courses were presented with about half the info of what was being served. there were usually other components, major or minor, that weren't mentioned at all.   they started us with the best 5-10 sashimi bites i've ever had in my life. i can't do justice to any of them with my descriptions. a few two biters which were very memorable. most notably the sea urchin topped with black truffle. best sea urchin i've had, EVER. dessert 1 was shiso sorbet with plum wine and gold leaf- outrageous. will i be back? not for a year at least. was it worth every penny? yes.
The outstanding tasting menu allows you to nibble bits of seafood, arousing a sensational appetite for more. A small group allows for strangers to chat and enjoy a delightful meal with beautiful silverware held in a sketchy part of Brooklyn. The duck was sumptuous. The sea urchin was delightful. I loved it. A long meal for sure. But it kept coming out so there wasn't a long lag in between. The chef was definitely on hand to supervise. It does make sense to precharge your card before you go. Worth a venture. Only snare - they didn't have a beverage selection.
The canapes were delightful plays on various fish and shellfish. The main courses were divine creations of mostly fish and duck and the Apple Greek yogurt sorbet was to die for.
My wife and I had à great dinner at Chefs table. Out of approx. 20 courses 2/3 were fish or shellfish. These dishes were truly great and at that point chefs table was the best restaurant I have ever been to. Meat dishes and deserts do not reach the same level and thats why I would rate e.g. Frantzen/Lindeberg as à better restaurant. Service was warm and professional, the restaurant itself is far from a classic 3 star restaurant (something that really like) and the kitchen works with surgical precission. Highly recomended but you have to work hard to get a reservation.
Awesome dining experience.  Worth the wait.  I would do this every year to taste the different menus.   Lived up to the hype.
I am a Chef and had the amazing opportunity to eat here on Monday night. To all of you on here who have bashed Chef Ramirez for being possibly rude, rushed or "food nazi" like I would like to come to his defense. Look guys, he is very busy !! He has 28 courses going on in his head and he is very focused. Thats how it is in the back of the house of a high caliber restaurant, you guys just generally do not get to see it. I loved the experience and wish them at Brookklyn Fare nothing but the best, and PS, Chef Ramirez and his staff on top of prepping the 28 course tasting menu also do all of the prepared foods for Brooklyn Fare. Cut the guy a break, he is a very soft spoken nice, and talented Man
INCREDIBLE. I am a foodie and I have had amazing meals all over the world, and this one takes the prize. If you can get the reservation, it is worth every hard earned penny.
chef table  narcissist don't bother this place is not about you and your jimmy choo's the feel is like being invited to dine at your buddies home who just happens to be an ethereal chef the food is descibed simply but is complex in flavor  and presentation my best bite was i believe blue fin tuna that left a sweet delicate heat at the finish you can wrap keller, boulud  ,ripert in a bow chef ramirez is here   liz c if you ever go here you will never leave
came in with very low expectations because how good can food really get.  well, i was proven very wrong--amazing food really does exist. this place legitimately deserves all the stars it has received.  chef cesar is a perfectionist and has really worked hard to get perfect balance of flavors/accents in his creations. the minimalist open-kitchen setting, friendly staff, creative place settings all add to the experience. as other reviews say and you will be told when you make the rez, the meal is seafood heavy and no substitutions allowed. chef gets most of his fish from tsukiji and we've had the same fish at some of the more authentic sushi counters in NY (and Japan), so while the type and quality of fish was not new for us, the preparation was still new and spectacular.  couple of "offs", i thought the snail tasted a little like dirt (snails eat dirt, after all), and i thought it a little odd that there were repeats of ingredients in several dishes (shiso and creme fraiche, for example). we were told the menu should be fairly different every 6 weeks, while the main entrees change up more frequently.  chef cesar was pretty involved in prep for both seatings the night we were there. if they open a location in manhattan as planned and chef has to split his time, hopefully quality of food and experience will not deteriorate.
woohoo best inventiva food i have ever .it was great food .
Brooklyn Fare and Chef Cesar Ramirez, I would like to start by thanking you for the best meal and overall dining experience that my wife and I have ever had. The outstanding food, the laser focused service, the brilliant setup, the wine glasses/plates/cutlery, the aromas, the privaledge of getting to watch the masterful cooking and preparation up close and personal: all simply amazing. So let me elaborate: The Scene We had 9:55 reservations on a Thursday and were instructed to be on time. Brooklyn Fare's "dining kitchen" can be seen through a wide open window from the front with patrons sitting around the chefs and staff on a steel table that wraps around. Pots hang from the ceiling - the kitchen is the dining room. The 9pm group were already sitting - a total of 18 seats are available across both seatings. We entered and were fortunate to get placed right next to the grills and stoves on the corner: a first hand view of the fresh fish, meats, foie gras, vegetables etc., coming out of fridges, searing in pans or meticulously being prepared for several perfect bites. The scents wafting around were intoxicating and somewhat torturous since the 9pm seating was eating already and the 955s could only watch and drool. Chef Ramirez is highly engaged and presides over everything - the prepping, the cooking, the plating,  the serving. The reviews that say he doesn't talk or is cold are completely false. He spoke to us quite a bit and was very friendly but he is also clearly focused on the food and the experience being provided to his customers. This is a 3 Michelin star restaurant people! You come for the genius and it is delivered on a platter...or a snow globe (more on that later). I digress...back to the scene. The staff are highly professional and efficient and yes quiet! There is very little clinking of plates and glasses - they cleverly place cloth between the plates and glasses go face down on cloth so that the only sounds you consistently hear are the searing and crackling from the cooking and the murmur of conversation from guests. The main host - who was terrific - asks specific questions about what you can eat and controls the delivery and communication about each dish and the sommelier as well engages around wine choices but for the most part your senses get to focus on the food. Oh yeah and NO CELL PHONES which as a Yelper is crazy but it does truly add to the experience and allows you and the guests to focus on the sounds, sights and taste of the food. Truth be told my iphone photos wouldn't do justice to the art that was put in front of us ... so you can respect Brooklyn Fare wanting to control how its dishes are presented as well as the undistracted ambiance. Apple does the same thing in a way - they control the user experience to ensure that the experience is enjoyable and consistent and Brooklyn Fare does the same thing in many ways.  The Food Chef Ramirez is clearly proud of his product: the quality of the ingredients and skill in which his food is prepared. He studied masters in Japan and credits those masters' focus on quality with his approach to ingredients. In addition know that when you come to Brooklyn Fare although it's not cheap - you get what you pay for. Heaps of caviar, white truffle and fois gras, innovation and as previously mentioned a carefully crafted unique experience. So what did we eat? Note taking is not allowed but I literally recited every dish we had - at least the main ingredient - to myself and my wife and here is what I can recall: - Wine Pairing (4) of 1 Riesling, 2 Chardonnay, 1 Granache and 1 sweet Riesling - Butterfish - Perch - Tuna - Snapper - Abalone - Oyster - Sea urchin on toast  - Caviar with applewood smoke in a snow globe - Foie gras squash soup with mushrooms - Fresh Bread  - Lobster  - White truffle fried rice - Duck with beets and squash - Wagyu beef -Shiso ice cream - Shobasa ice cream - Grapefruit ice cream - Espresso  - Chocolate truffle I hope I'm lucky enough to go to Brooklyn Fare again. Once again chef, thank you!
Skip Per Se and come here instead. While the neighborhood doesn't scream UWS glamour, chef's table gave me the best fine dining experience to date. Ambiance - quite the casual intimate experience. With only 16 seats available, prepared to rub elbows with the other diners. Everyone is courteous though so I wouldn't worry about noise level. The host is warm and accommodating. I'm a fan of the open kitchen - watching chefs prepare my meal in front of me is an incredible experience in itself. Food - I've been to a few Michelin stars and the only two places I walk out of singing praise were here and Keiko in SF. They perfected the science and art in each course. I particularly like the heavy use of seafood, it helps keep you palate fresh until the end. Service - like mentioned earlier, the host was professional and welcoming. Server was very helpful in wine recommendation, which can be a challenge given the restaurant's extensive wine list. Chef Caser Ramirez came to check on us during the meal. One word for the gentlemen who forget their jackets - don't run out and buy a jacket! They have jackets to loan at the restaurant :) Will definitely come back another time.
The Chef's Table has listened! That is the most significant finding of my experience at the Chef's Table last Saturday night. Nobody of sane mind would question, argue or debate the intense quality, taste and presentation of the food served here. I can't remember finding one review that said otherwise. So my review will not focus on what should be uncontested, the amazing food experience you are sure to have! Instead I want to focus on what many people did have issues with: the sommelier, server, and more frequently. the chef himself. I am happy to say, those issues are being contested! I was lucky enough to score a gift certificate to eat here from a very dear friend as a wedding present. What a great wedding present right? So prior to going I did a lot of homework: reading the last year's worth of reviews from Fodders, TripAdvisor, and here; not to mention many critics' reviews. A common thread emerged from the many of the reviews, the service! Stuffy, cold or rude wait staff, no explanation of the dishes, no photos allowed, and then there's the chef. Whether he was unfriendly, didn't like playing host, didn't engage with the patrons even though this IS the 'Chef's Table', or just being mean: there were many people saying the same thing. I even recall reading two separate reviews where as patrons were leaving, the chef stood there at the door not saying a thing and presumably waiting for them to thank HIM. So I was pretty worked up on the way there, running through my head that if I witnessed any of this, I was going to address it. After all there was no way I was going to let a wonderful wedding present like this be tainted by a diva chef that can't get out of his own way. But just the opposite happened! The sommelier was a pleasure, and when I told him my plan of starting with Champagne, them move on to white and then to end with red, he gave timing of when to make the transition and offered suggestions along the way. He was overly friendly and sweet! The server was just great! I cannot see anyone having a problem with her! She explained every dish, even though we were almost last in the line, was friendly, and actually really personable. We were chatting her up throughout the meal, and instead of being short and just giving half-friendly smiles, she engaged in conversation with us. She really added to our dining experience! And then there is Caesar. He made sure to say hello to everyone, my husband and I separately in fact, and it was one of those hand on the shoulder warm hellos too. Now granted, he actually ended up having a full on conversation with every couple there but us. I didn't hold that against him though because my husband and I were in full on conversation the majority of the meal and enjoying ourselves. I didn't feel the need to have a conversation with him just for the sake of it. However, watching him work the room was nice to see! Now don't get me wrong, I would probably tend to agree with the people who say we should lower our expectations of chefs, and that they usually aren't the best playing 'host'. We want them to cook well, and Chef certainly does! But even if he wasn't 100% into it, he played the game, and I thought pretty well. All in all, all of the complaints made of this place I think have been for the most part, resolved. However, I have come up with some different ones: First, where we were sitting, we were listening to the dishwasher the entire evening. I get it that they have to clean the dishes, and being we were the last seating they probably didn't want to be there all night after we left. But I have to say it was distracting! They will be renovating the space soon, please take care of this! Also, there was sorbet and three dessert courses, all of them being ice cream. I was looking for some cake or pastry of some sort, so the all-ice cream thing was a surprise. I was also surprised that there was no cheese course. I normally don't look forward to these courses, but for whatever reason this time I was. Small things to complain about in an otherwise amazing dinner! The first four sashimi courses and the wagyu beef was the most amazing thing I ate all night. All in all, don't let the previous negative reviews prevent you from experiencing a meal everyone needs to have at least once! Maybe twice if you are lucky!
It's true - there are no menus and no a la carte options.  The staff can best be described as austere.  Picture-taking and cell phone use is frowned upon and can quickly lead to trouble.  And good luck getting a reservation.  But if you're able to get past those things and wholly devote yourself to watching a master at work, you'll be rewarded with one of the most incredible meals you'll ever have the privilege of experiencing in your lifetime. Chef Ramirez, a Bouley disciple, has worked his way up through the industry to earn Chef's Table a three Michelin-star rating.  In an era of celebrity chefs who focus more on their TV careers than their food, he is unabashedly old-school.  He only wants to do what he loves doing - cooking.   It's easy to see the Japanese and French influences on his cuisine.  His meals begin with small slivers of sashimi, each piece meticulously prepared and served on beautiful china, all for the fleeting pleasure of a single bite.  His attention to detail is extraordinary -- of the edible flowers the restaurant procures, he hand-picks each one that graces your plate.  Judging by the amount of caviar he serves per person, it's hard to imagine how the restaurant actually makes a profit.  You get the sense that the chef could care less.  Towards the middle of the meal come exquisitely-prepared pieces of uni, wagyu and duck that embody gastronomic perfection.   Not unlike watching a play or attending a concert, there's a rhythm to every meal at Chef's Table, and Chef Ramirez runs the show.  In a city known for its legendary culinary establishments, Chef's Table might just be the best. __________ Michelin: * * * New York Times: * * *
The last of the NYC 3* I had to hit and definitely the hardest to get into. 6 weeks prior I got on the phone redialing like a mad man. An hour plus of that plus being on hold for 20 minutes, I finally break through. I have no idea who Im going with but Im going damn it! Cut to 6 weeks later and Im literally flying from Heathrow in London to JFK to make this dinner. A few weeks prior, I experienced the not awesomeness of London's full on Tube Strike which blew out one of my other flights. Luckily that didnt happen but it didnt stop my flight from getting in late. Shoot. Then I have to fight NYC traffic into downtown Brooklyn. I get to my hotel, shower and immediately jump on the F train north. I make it just in time but my friend gets caught up coming down from Williamsburg. Shoot we miss the first course which is a small sliver of mackerel Im sad but the rest of the dinner calms us and we just enjoy a ride. As many of you know, you dont get a menu, you dont get to take pictures, and it's Chef Ramirez's game all the way. You are submissive when you decide to take on this meal. A series of small seafood bites pepper the initial offerings, some wagyu beef, and a number of desserts. It's hard to remember the whirlwind of food. It's smart that they seat half the space first then the other half about 45 min later and on this night there's only one seating but I know that other days they have a second. David the wine director was nice enough to send me the pairings he'd setup for me: Domaine Fosse Seche, Saumur, Arcane, Loire Valley 2011 Domaine Henri Germain, Meursault, Burgundy 2011 Maxime Magnon, Corbieres, 'Campagnes', Languedoc 2010 Im guessing if I were more anal about it I could have begged for the menu. However it was more interesting to be totally surprised and see if anything stood out. Now everything was wonderful but Im not sure there was anything the blew my mind. Am I a "jaded feedbag" as Bourdain would say? It was still a stellar meal nonetheless. I do remember something, the sea salt that they use is the same that I use at home! Who knew I was using 3* Sea Salt! Service is very tight and focused and they only seem to chat with some of the regulars. Interestingly enough, the guy next to me from Memphis has eaten here a half dozen times. So how do you approach a Brooklyn based Mexican chef? Bring your own Brooklyn based Mexican chef! once my friend and chef Ramirez switched over to Spanish it was a million miles and hour and I could only pick up tidbits of the conversation. But it was cool to see two chefs talk shop and theory. After that, I said good bye to my friend and immediately went back to the hotel and crashed on my mind's UK time zone. Id definitely like to go back but, next time it will be under less stressful circumstances.
I've come here twice for dinner. Both times the food was absolutely superb. Hands down the best "fancy" restaurant in NYC right now. Highly recommend and worth every penny :)
Food-wise, it's like going to an actual nice restaurant like Per Se or Le Bernardin, though I found many of the dishes to repeat themes. However, it differs a good bit from those, aside from being even more expensive, in the level of rudeness and unprofessionalism of the wait staff and the misuse of the "counter" style. Good counter-style restaurants can be a real gem; take for example the counter restaurant at Roberta's, Blanca. Conversely, at Brooklyn Fare, you can expect servers to not-bother explaining dishes to you if you're at the end of the line, as well as being treated to staff being obviously dressed-down while they're standing right next to you in the open kitchen. The wine list is very pricey and way overshort; don't expect any help there either, since the staff mostly seems to care about that I-banker who stores his $10,000 bottles of Burgundy at the restaurant. Brooklyn Fare demands you arrive the second doors open, but if you do, they'll just make you wait outside. When you're seated, don't expect to be offered a glass of Champagne or any of the typical niceties, while you wait for the other diners who aren't on time. In general, there is nothing "Brooklyn" about this restaurant in terms of attitude or style; rather, it's kind of the worst aspects of a very arrogant Manhattan restaurant. Actual good restaurants of this caliber make you feel welcomed and appreciated; at Brooklyn Fare, I felt they expect me to appreciate them. As I said, this restaurant costs more than Per Se. By that standard, I would absolutely never consider visiting it again, while I plan to revisit Per Se and the like for many years to come.
You've got to respect a place the serves consistently high quality food and keeps a great atmosphere.   From my first visit, my experiences simply continues to get better each time I come.  Thank you.
So.. this is a difficult review. My comments are for the atmosphere and staff vs the food. The place has 3 Michelin stars so obviously the food is great. I made a reservation for 4 people through Amex concierge. They precharged my cc 4 x $255 before tax, tip and drinks. The only restaurant rule I was told was that jackets were required for men. We arrived a few minutes early, pulled on the glass door and it was locked. Note, the staff and other patrons were a foot away from the door. Staff members were walking by the door as I was trying to open it and avoided eye contact, very weird. So we waited and eventually someone unlocked the door and told us to come in as if nothing had happened. We sit down and start watching the kitchen staff do their thing.. PERFECTLY hanging copper pots from the kitchen's ceiling, laying out plates (painstakingly slow), it was over the top, you get the point. The staff never really spoke over a whisper, made no noise, the chef never introduced himself or made eye contact, I really thought I was being punished for something. Eventually, after a few bottles of wine, my group made the best of it and ignored the weird environment. Another annoying thing was that you weren't allowed to take pictures or take notes. If I'm paying $1700 for dinner I expect to be able to save the memory with a picture. Out of The French Laundry, 11 Madison Park, and Joel Robuchan, Chef's Table was by far my least memorable, and most pretentious, 3 Michelin star experience. I would not return.
Creative restaurant.. That serves the pallet well.. But  missed the mark on hunger.. Even after 20+ courses.. I was still hungry for a slice of pizza.. It sucks that after dishing out $600+ for a meal for two.. You don't feel content.. The food over all was ok.. Some bites were exceptional which is why I am giving it 4 stars.. It can wow people that are new to the foodie scene but if you have been there done that.. This place is okay. Btw I am 5'6 118 lbs.. So my appetite is not anything crazy and if it left me hungry..
The food was incredibly tasty. Well thought out and quite well executed. However the restaurant is eerily quiet (to the point where they have cloth in between their stacked plates so they make NO noise and there is no background/mood music) and my husband and I often felt awkward conversing. We had mentioned to the restaurant that we were on our honeymoon (in fact we had told them every time they called us to confirm) and yet when we arrived, it was like they had no idea. We ended up stating it YET AGAIN to the chef who could only muster placing two candles on our dessert plate. Um, are you serious?! Then the waiter on the pass brought our plates over and said "happy anniversary".... how can you get it wrong?! For the price, this should have been a 5 star review. If it wasnt for the food being incredible, I would be struggling to give them a 2.
Still my most favorite NYC restaurant!! I've been to Brooklyn Fare twice now. First time, was 3 years ago, when we celebrated a friend's birthday and I thought it was the best meal ever. Everything was light, citrusy and incredibly tasty, flavorful and yet simple...it felt like all the small bites were just catered to my palate. From experience, I normally enjoy the first visits to a restaurant, finding them to be amazing and almost always do I find the same restaurant to be lacking after returning a year or two later.   But this was not the case here.  I returned recently and found them to be exceptional.  Better if not the same...though I think their style changed slightly. I found their dishes to be heartier now and they were all well executed.  Their raw bites were still refreshing and citrusy as I have remembered it to be. Oh and reservations wasn't so hard to get the second time around!
Best meal in NYC and it's not even close.  I've been to every other Michelin 3 star in NYC (EMP, Per Se, Daniel, JG, Masa, Le Bernardin) and those places absolutely pale in comparison to Brooklyn Fare. I've been here 5 times and it's been worth every penny every time. I've since moved to San Francisco and have yet to find a place that can hold a candle. I'll keep looking... Don't waste your time and money at the other spots - Chef's table is the real deal.
Lovely experience...one of the best in the US! A definite must if you're in NY! Cesar, Sam and the entire staff was absolutely wonderful. Everything we tasted was divine...loved every single part of our tasting: food, pairing and presentation. They will be opening a second location in NYC in August...can't wait to experience their second location and it's tasting menu!
No words can describe what this chef does to food. Best analogy- Have you ever listened to your favorite artist on your iPhone? The have you ever gone to a concert of that same artist? The Chefs table is to food what Lincoln Center is to music. Chef Ramirez is the Composer- the Musician and the Conductor. Chef Ramirez is a True Chef/Artist!
What else is there to say that others haven't? This might be the best meal I'll ever have in my life and the most expensive. But, if you love food, this is worth it. After most courses, I thought to myself, this is the most amazing thing I've ever tasted. Some of my favorites were the Hokkaido uni with black truffle, the foie gras with abalone, and the wagyu beef. There were a lot of firsts for me here. Never had real truffle, cavier, or had real 23k gold flakes on my food. Portions are just right. You will definitely leave here feeling full! I thought the service was great and very attentive. As others have said, the hostess doesn't really explain what they're serving you but she had to do it about 5 times in a row, so I understand. If you ask her for further explanation, she did. We had about 15 courses on the night we went and each had the 4 wine pairing. As a fellow yelper said, you're already paying so much for this meal, why not go all out and add the wine pairing? I'm glad we did but if you're a weak drinker like me, after the midway point, you start getting a little sleepy from the wine and from being full. Also, having reservations at 10pm didn't help either. We didn't finish our meal until close to 1AM!
Food:  The hype is true.  This is true 3 Michelin food.  Every dish was substantial (not just a veggie, like other places).   Wine:  Got the wine pairing and was not disappointed in the wine, but the pour was a joke.  My dining partner made a good point "the only rule for wine pairing should be - my glass should never be empty."  Paid $150 for wine pairing and accumulated was less than 4 full glasses.  My glass was empty 50% of the time with just sipping (not pounding).
Chef's Table at Brooklyn Fare - WOW!! Been here twice, both times I was totally blown away. Whenever you are able to go somewhere and see the amount of passion for the food being made, you know you will love it. Getting a reservation is as tough as you would think, for me at least. Both times I was only able to get a reservation and wait two months before having the chance to dine. Once you do get a reservation and step into the small restaurant (given that you are able to find it), you can't help but think what kind of experience lies ahead. The restaurant as all others have expressed is an open concept kitchen with a U-shaped bar that diners fill up according to their reservation time. Half of the restaurant (one reservation time) is served at a time. You are more than likely going to meet fellow foodies here since this is definitely more of a social type restaurant compared to other 3 Michelin starred restaurants. Chef Ramirez is a visionary and he ensures all of his patrons enjoy what is being served, definitely very serious about the experience. They have a former Per Se sommelier on their staff and a very professional and engaging team. Every course was great, you leave feeing very full. High highlight course is the Uni brioche with truffle. I could easily eat 100 of these. WOW!!! We had 26 courses, an experience I will gladly do again and again with that someone special or a valued business partner or friend. Price came out to around $1k and that included wine pairing for 2 people. Also, check out their Brooklyn Fare supermarket beforehand if you have time to kill before your dinner. Pretty neat stuff in there. Highly recommend!!!
Last minute planning sometimes pays off. I called on a Tuesday cracking up as I asked for a reservation for Sat night. Most people book 6 weeks in advance so the skies parted when they happened to have an opening for 2. I took the man here for his birthday dinner. This place is romance and warmth. The food is ecstasy.   You get to watch the chefs prepare everything, it's an excellent dinner and a show. Costs $300+ per person but the experience definitely meets your expectations!
After seeing a few critic reviews and recommendations, I decided that I needed to add this restaurant to my list. After not being able to book a reservation for Valentine's Day, I was pleasantly surprised with a reservation on my birthday. I've tried many of the "hot" restaurants in NYC and had very high expectations for this one, since many places rated it as the best tasting restaurant in 2014. Atmosphere: This restaurant is extremely professional. If you have an early reservation, be prepared for an eerie silence before people get some alcohol in their system. The chefs make it a point to be very quiet throughout their food preparation process. Even the process of laying parts on the stainless steel counters was well considered... no banging of plates. When people start getting wine in their system, the tranquility disappears; the area is quite small and the noise bounces off of all surfaces. You will get plenty of professional smiles, but apart from the executive chef, do not expect much conversation warmness from the rest of the staff. Very professional though, as you would expect from any high class restaurant. The decor (if you want to call it that) is very simple and modern. It good very well with the rest of the restaurant. Service: Professional and attentive would be the best way to describe the service. As mentioned before, the service is very professional. More importantly, it is very attentive. Many places don't fill your water glasses quick enough, leaving you thirsty with an empty cup. Not here; you get as much water as your little heart desires. Food: The moment you've all been waiting for... my opinion on the food! Anyway, was it all I hoped and dreamed for? Probably not. I had unreachable expectations of perfection that this certainly was not. The food was absolutely amazing though. Presentation deserved an A+. There was much attention placed on the small details. The fusion of tastes and flavors blended very well. Some of the food was slightly over-salted, but that was the only flaw from perfection. Overall, I would have to say that this is a must try for anyone who feels that food is an art form.
Chef's table was the best meal I've ever eaten. Hand's down. Easily besting Alinea, EMP, the french laundry etc. The setting is cool - 18 seats around a chef's kitchen and service is impeccable, but everything pales in comparison to the show stealing food that is served course after course. I was so blown away after the meal that I texted a food minded friend after the meal to ask her the top 5 most extravagant ingredients that she could name. Lo and behold I had eaten all 5 of them (and a lot more) at Chef's Table. Amazing - no other place has come close. If you have a special occasion of any kind to celebrate, this is the place to do it (just make sure you plan well enough in advance..) The only flaws with this place are: 1) how unbelievably full you leave feeling 2) how insanely difficult it is to get a reservation But then those arent real flaws :)
One of the highlights of my trip. This meal had a slew of one-bite amuses that preceded the official, pre-printed menu. I got an oyster with yuzu gelee, king crab with a sliver of watermelon radish, a completely elevating cube of compressed watermelon with olive oil and sea salt. Soooo delicious! Great food and great atmosphere...it's also BYO ;)
I wish I had finished this review earlier, cause now I have forgotten most of the details! You need to make reservation way ahead of time to eat there, and they are not cheap. Not cheap is probably an understatement, they are hella expensive! But I'd say it's absolutely worth it! First impression wasn't too good. I forgot what time was our reservation, like late at night. Did I say that you need to make reservation way ahead of time, we tried. But first try was a failure, then we tried again the follow week, and I think we got two spots for like 10 at night or something. But anyway, we got their at like 9:45 and we were basically got kicked out because we were too early. It was cold, we were hungry and we got kicked out and told to come back when it's 10, 10 is 10, dang it, not 9:45!! The place was nice, it's a stainless steel open kitchen where you sit there and watch food getting prepared right in front of you, in the kitchen, pretty cool and impressive. Pictures were not allowed, so with my little brain I don't remember much details and what we ate. We had like 15 courses? something like that. All the sashimi and raw stuff were served first, then there's the main dishes, and there were like 4 or 5 dessert. All I got to say is they are absolutely amazing! Like how can people even come up with stuff like that? everything just match so well and it's like magic in your mouth. The absolutely worst part is everything is bite size! OMG, when that little thing was being served, it's like a piece of art, but it's so small but so good that you want MORE MORE MORE AND MORE!! Anyhow, this review is probably not that helpful, but it's was my experience, an amazing experience. Well, will I go back, I'd love to, but at that price tag, I would try something else, maybe other Michelin restaurant when we go back to NYC again. Or if I won the lottery, I will definitely go again.
Graciously accepted an invitation to join a party of 4 at 9:30pm on a Thursday. It felt like winning the lottery. I'm all too nervous and unsure about my ability to truly describe the experience in words, but I don't really have a choice...so here it goes: Atmosphere: the open layout of the restaurant was new to me, but much appreciated. I was concerned that the bar style stools would be uncomfortable, but they picked out the perfect ones. Our fellow diners were amicable and insisted on waiting to consume until everyone in our 8-person crew received their food. #manners Wine: Sommelier was very knowledgeable and made great recommendations. We chose to stick with whites because all but 2 dishes were seafood. Started with a tremendous White Burgundy, then an Austrian Gruner Veltliner, and polished it all off with some Madeira with dessert. After seeing the bill, we should have just gone with the tasting, but c'est la vie. Food: Can't stress enough how important it is that you arrive on time because service begins promptly and you don't want to miss a single dish (tsk tsk diners who arrived 10 minutes late). The most memorable and overwhelming majority of dishes are seafood, and Chef Ramirez is a master with the sea critters. The black truffle Uni dish stands out in particular, as well as the Japanese "soup" dish with foie gras. Every item, although small and deliberately bite size, is tremendous. However, the last two dishes before dessert, while good, did not measure up to the seafood dishes. The squab and Wagyu beef seemed to be lacking a certain redeeming quality, but in retrospect, I do have to admit the squab was well cooked. Dessert was on par with the rest of the meal...I was dazzled by the sugar snow globe creation. Overall: Definitely recommend dining here, especially if you are fortunate enough to grab a reservation. As far as dining establishments that I hold in high regard, Chef's Table is right up there with Daniel and the dearly departed Gordon Ramsay's at Claridges.
If you have tried this one, i hardly think any other restaurant can surpass. No fancy decoration but just a pure respect to food taste itself gives a WOW. And the taste stays on my mind. Even though Le bernadin is the most famous seafood restaurant in nyc, i seriously doubt that is because those people cant get reservation at Chef's table and I believe this is the best seafood I have ever had (there are over 10 dishes I had that are based on seafood, most from Japan). The most unforgetable plate is the urchin with black truffle on top!!!!! So far, it is the best of michelin 3 star I have tried. And I will go back.
It's really hard for me to write this review. Why? Because not only were we not allowed to take photos during the meal, we were also not allowed to take notes and for a meal without a menu and more than 3 courses, well...The food had complex flavors, there were items I had not had before and the presentation was 5 stars - there were so many different little flowers that were almost too pretty to eat (too bad I can't appreciate it in retrospect through photos). Sadly the items I had not had before in Japanese will possibly also be forgotten because I couldn't jot it down. The negatives are the no picture/no note taking policy (obviously & still having withdrawal); the reservation which must be made 6 weeks in advance; the price of the meal (which one pays for almost a week in advance); and some of the staff (maybe they were concentrating really hard on their tasks but it did come off like they were scowling; also, for the price of the meal and no notes, I think I would've liked a bit more detail about the food we were eating; although any follow-up questions are answered). My fav - hmmmm that's a toughie because there were so many tasty items but my least favorite was the goat cheese/kumquat (but I am not a huge goat cheese person). Most interesting dessert was what I call the "Death Star" - fresh strawberries and butterscotch ice cream over some kind of chocolate cake inside a chocolate spherical shell which then has hot chocolate strawberry sauce poured over it - it literally starts to melt in front of your eyes & looks like the battered Death Star. Again without notes or pix, I believe we had ~17 courses: stellar bay oyster with white ponzu & cucumber, 3 Japanese fish - sashimi style (all VERY delicious & one had puff rice seared on top), abalone, wagyu beef, uni with slice of black truffle over brioche, cauliflower puree with caviar (good portion) & a thinly sliced baguette, soup with corn, Alaskan king crab & foie gras (good portions), lobster (with celery foam; carrot citrus sauce & tiny carrot & turnip - so cute), squab (with a dollop of duck liver & red onion/shallot), turbot (with a dollop of pesto zucchini; roasted mini tomatoes & cucumber), goat cheese/kumquat topped with bread crumbs?, shiso sorbet, yogurt with apricot & lemon thyme jelly, the "Death Star" and petit fours (lemony financier, caramel chocolate & chocolate tart with gold foil).  The bread was not baked on site (Balthazar). Without the pix and notes, there were less distractions and one could concentrate more on the food and table conversation.  People really come from afar to eat here.  It was amazing that near us were people from San Francisco, Houston & Toronto. The restaurant has a trendy vibe and the tableware was very modern, white & changed with what was being served. Although I was not hungry when I left the restaurant, I don't think quantity of food was indicative of the price; however the ingredients seemed to be of high caliber.
It's like dinner theatre.  There's an open kitchen with 18 people sitting around it.  After eating here, I wondered why couldn't all restaurants do this?  It felt so natural.  The atmosphere wasn't stuffy at all (as I would have expected from a 3-Michelin star place).  Part of this was probably due to the background music, which consisted mostly of the Doors that night, making the ambiance casual.  Also, despite the close proximity of diners to each other, people weren't afraid to converse during the dinner.   The service was so fantastic.  It was a perfectly choreographed show involving all of the servers. Someone went around collecting the utensils after each course, the hostess in the middle collected the dishes.  The chefs plated each course in a line.  It was so fascinating to watch the efficiency of it all. The food, of course, was amazing and beautiful.  The starting courses were my favorite of the night.  There was this uni dish that was probably my favorite.  (I don't even like uni normally!!)  A good number of the dishes had freshly shaved truffle on them.  One of the desserts was a truffle-flavored ice cream with truffle shaving!!  Chef Ramirez started with a huge truffle at the beginning of the night, and by the end it was shaved down to almost nothing.  Oh man, every time he went at it with the truffle, I felt like a star-struck teen at a Bieber concert.   My partner and I shared the wine pairing (since neither of us are big drinkers).  I'm not sure if it added much to the meal, except for the sheep's milk cheese which was paired *amazingly* with a sweet wine. Overall a FANTASTIC experience.
Woow.....  it is very pricy but  that is mad good went with my wife  we git fiid and wine...... we loved every second we spend there
This is my favorite restaurant in New York.  The few times I have been have each been unique and delicious.  The courses are small but packed with flavor.  It is the best bang for the buck for a 2+ michelin star restaurant in new york imo. The downside is reservations can be a pain (Amex is helpful), and the chef has a strict dress/ no pictures or dietary accommodations policy.  It was so good we tried to order extra courses to no avail.
Gosh, where does one start when reviewing a three Michelin star establishment.  First off you have to have some perspective.  If the food isn't getting you excited then Bib's inspectors had an off day when they were selecting the restaurants.  If the service isn't  beyond compare then please see my previous comment. Chef's Table at Brooklyn Fare is tiny, it seats eighteen around a bar and all of the food is cooked and assembled right in front of you.  The first thing to note is the theatre of the experience, Chef Ramirez works tirelessly, quietly and with maximum efficiency and splits the dining room into two groups of nine.  We sat at the later of the two sittings and was able to get a magical preview of the dishes to come as we watched the other half of the restaurant progress through the menu. The food is, as you might imagine superb.  There is a distinctly Japanese feel to the menu which is fine by me as I credit them with some of the finest cuisine that the world has to offer.  The courses start off very light with a smattering of the highest quality raw fish available.  These dishes were delightful, from the oyster served under a dome with applewood smoke to the delicate slice of Japanese Trumpetfish but the best was yet to come (although my dining companion thought the latter dish was the best). I've been a big fan of Uni but find the quality can be so variable and there's nothing quite as bad as sea urchin that's past its prime.  So imagine my delight when I saw a wooden box inscribed with Hiragana come out as chef plated up these immaculate plates of brioche, Hokkaido (the food capital of Japan IMO) Uni and black truffle.  Immediately that dish became one of the top 5 foodstuffs I have ever tasted and I will take that experience to the grave with me.   Then things got really exciting with dish after dish of immaculately prepared produce of the 1%.  #occupymystomach please!  Highlights include the Japanese rice dish (don't call it a risotto!) with frankly ridiculous amounts of white truffle, a grade of Wagyu that chef informs me was even higher than Kobe and the multiple desserts.  I've noticed over the years how a lot of high end restaurants make a point of producing a dessert with milk chocolate in it and here was no exception.  The final dish of milk chocolate mousse with toasted cereal and barley ice cream was nothing short of awe inspiring. The service was impressive.  Polite and friendly, incredibly well stage managed and never obtrustive.  They would layer the plates with silpat as they cleared the dishes to avoid the clinking of plates.  Special props go to the sommelier as she was incredibly knowledgeable and served up a six phased wine pairing that went *perfectly* with each dish.  I discovered that if you emptied your glass you got a top up too without a bat of an eyelid, perfect for a dipsomaniac like me. We got the opportunity to chat to Chef Ramirez a little and the food nerd in me got very excited.  He was impressed that I knew he made his ice cream in a Pacojet and I got to look at his awesome smoking gun.   So on balance the meal was so close to perfection, as it should be, but I feel it earned every one of it's five stars.  As the Michelin guide states a three star restaurant should be worth a special trip, which I made from California.  I was not disappointed and would go back whenever my finances allow it.
Chef's Table Review I had been trying to get a reservation at Chef's Table for over 6 months. You can only call between 10 am and 2 pm on Mondays only and that does make it hard. So, imagine my surprise when I finally got through and had someone on the phone. Who then told me that they only had room for a four top. Would I like to book that? Sure why not. I'm sure I could find another couple to join us. Only when the day came, they had a family conflict and had to cancel. I had a week, shouldn't be a problem, no? This restaurant has a waiting list. Only they refused. So I reached out to everyone I could, came up empty. Again, I reached out to the restaurant. They said they would do their best - ask the chef, anyone who might have people who wanted to come in. Then he forgot to tell me that he had come up empty. So yeah. In the end, I went there as a two top, but paid for a four top (in the end, over $1000). They refused to refund the two empty seats. And no, they didn't give us bigger portions either. So. This gets better. Brooklyn Fare is adamant about you being on time. So we showed up 15 minutes early, which apparently was too early. They weren't ready. So they offered that we could sit in a waiting area in the grocery store next door. Remember the dress code? Formal. In the past, the chef has sent people to a nearby store to purchase clothes when he deems them under dressed. So. Ever want to feel like a complete jerk? Try walking around a grocery store on Schermerhorn in a suit. Then sit in a small waiting area next to the check out lanes. Finally they're ready for us and we sit. The room its self is tight, but theatrically well laid out, with a massive rack of copper cookware framing the kitchen. The staff is decked out in crisp linens and everything felt in order. We were unceremoniously sat down to a clean and modern setting complete with Ercuis flatware and FoH porcelain. We then had an initial chat with the sommelier who introduced us to a shallow and overpriced wine list. We asked for a recommendation for a glass that would work well with the first few plates and she picked out a Sauvignon Blanc. When she went to the glass caged wine rack, Chef César intercepted her, had a quick chat with her and pointed her to a different bottle. Which she then presented to us and poured. Without mentioning that it was different than what she had recommended. It was a Sancerre. Quite a bit different. The first dish was then placed in front of us without explanation by the single server working the center of the pass. A lovely bite of a clean Tomato sorbet with a wonderful tang of Lemongrass. It exploded with a delicate melange of flavor that was sweet, sour, clean and beautiful all at once. In my head I growled "Damn you Chef César, despite all of this, you're going to win me over." But that was to be the highlight of the evening. What followed was mostly a series of well sourced but uninspired plates. As it was summer, sashimi dominated the 14 plates we experienced, (a far cry from the lauded "20 small plate courses"), most of which while fresh, were sometimes flat in flavor. And my partner who is gluten intolerant merely saw all of the gluten removed from the dishes I was served, rather than a rethinking. Not to say that it was all for naught. While the evening provided us with few highlights there were actual highlights. The aforementioned Tomato and Lemongrass sorbet and a brilliant mouthful of Uni and black truffle, unguent and delicate, both lived up to the reputation. With the final dessert plates, we were offered our choice of espresso based drink. Oily and black and bitter on the tongue, the bean was over roasted, but moreover, the shots had been burned, most likely because they had been overpacked and then pulled with very little crema which indicates they were overlong and watery. In the end, what we experienced was not a chef's table at all. The chef walked around the seats once, slapped me on the shoulder and walked off. And that was it. He put a lot of smears across plates, added some garnish, but that was the extent of his performance. Our server had to be repeatedly asked about the food, which she would then describe in a quick and straightforward manner, devoid of any desire for enhancing the experience for us. And when we asked about the caviar, she told us that it was "Osteria Caviar, farmed in China." Which, at Per Se prices, frankly shocked us that they would (a) serve such a product and (b) describe it as though it was premium. As a final insult, on our way out, a couple asked the servers to call them a taxi - they were told that they could hail a yellow cab anywhere on the street. 3 Michelin Stars? Never. Again. Go to Atera where chef Matthew Lightner delivers on the promise of what a Chef's Table can be. Or Blue Hill at Stone Barns where Dan Barber has consistently provided me with the best food I've ever eaten. Or 15 East which IMHO serves the best Japanese food in NYC.
Fiancé had been wanting to come here for awhile now. Decided to surprise him for his 30th birthday + our anniversary. We arrived promptly at 6pm, to be greeted by Chef Ramirez himself. We were seated at the end, closest to the action. As soon as we were seated, we were offered flat or sparkling water along with a wine menu. Now, neither of us are big drinkers, but we could tell from the wall behind us that they had a wide selection. Plating and presentation of each dish was organized. Each staff member knew what they had to do. Moving in unison, one after the other. I really enjoyed watching them work. This is being done by memory since we were told photos are not allowed, so forgive me for my lack of detail: We started off with an oyster in ponzu sauce shooter. It was incredibly fresh. It had enough meat to be satisfying, without that overwhelming fishy taste you get from ones such as Kumamoto oysters. We had 2 (or was it 3?) types of sashimi. The first was topped with fried kelp. It had a smokey flavor to it, which was different compared to the sashimi you get at a Japanese restaurant. Then there was a large helping of sea urchin over toast topped with a slice of black truffle. Yum! The chef had come over to ask us how everything was. I mentioned that I don't usually like sea urchin, but that it was quite good. There was a soup that had an egg custard at the bottom, Alaskan king crab and a slice of foie gras. If you've never had foie gras, it is very rich. I think putting it in soup really helped with that rich taste. There was an interesting dish with dashi cream and a big scoop of oscetra caviar. They had placed this dish in a glass orb and filled it with (hickory?) smoke before covering it. The one dish I thought was plated the prettiest was the lobster. Lobster tail with a baby carrot and onion, surrounded by some sort of foam, all on a large white plate. Truly lovely. There was also a cube of Wagyu beef. Melt in your mouth, cuts through like butter good. Then there was the duck. Prepared to perfection, incredibly tender. There were a few others such as the fish covered in a quinoa crust, abalone (divine), and one other fish that had a nice crispy skin but was incredibly moist on the inside. Dinner ended 1st with a refreshing cucumber sorbet in a wine sauce.  2nd, strawberries with a yogurt sorbet. Then (my personal favorite) a chocolate shell that when hot chocolate was poured over it, melted to reveal a decadent chocolate cake topped with ice cream. The chef asked us if we were celebrating any occasion. I told him it was for my fiancé's birthday. They added a little candle to his dessert, AND he gave us the ok to take a picture together WITH our food. That truly made me very happy. Lastly, just for kicks, a tiny 3 tier dessert with teen tiny huckleberry tarts, pumpkin cake, and caramel filled chocolates. Also, I noticed some reviews mentioned how quiet it was. It's really not. After a few diners knocked back a glass of wine or 2, it gets plenty chatty. Everything was just lovely from beginning to end. Small talk with the chef to our silverware being constantly replaced with fresh ones after each dish. What a great experience!
I am so, so conflicted about this one. The food was out-of-this-world amazing, but the service fell short. I was expecting way more, service-wise, from a restaurant with 3 Michelin Stars. Pre-dinner: I can't comment on the reservation process, since the American Express concierge service took care of that. We got a 9:30pm seating, which is much later than I usually eat dinner, but we were happy to get a reservation at all. You are told to arrive on time, or else you may miss courses. Punctuality is important. I get that. But what happens when you show up 15 minutes early (which, in my book, is on time!)? There is no waiting area. You either have to linger around awkwardly outside (or in the little weather vestibule thing) or find something to do for 15 minutes. I saw no bars or coffee shops or anything other than a parking garage in the immediate area, so I stood outside like a creeper. It was really strange and did not give me good feelings about dinner. Food: To my relief, after we received our first course, all my judgments were erased. The food was on a completely different level. Every little bite was so complex and so elevated. It was course after course of sheer delight; we were disappointed when our first dessert course came because that was the signal it was almost over. When it comes to the food, believe the hype. (I just wish they could have given me a copy of their menu so I could remember what we ate! It's a little thing that would have made the experience that much better. And a signed menu would have been even more special.) Service: Unfortunately, the service fell short of my expectations. It was by no means BAD, but it was not the flawless execution I expected with a $255+ meal. For starters, my water and wine glasses should have never been empty (well, until the wine was done). I was disappointed that I had to wait for both my water and wine to be refilled, more than once. I also found the presentation of each dish to be rather terse. The description of each course was "Something with something." That was it. Nothing else. The server was almost too polished and too professional, if that makes any sense. Oh, and I found it strange that the chefs did not serve one dish. What's the point of sitting in the kitchen if there is zero interaction with those preparing your food? Speaking of which, the kicker was our interaction with Chef Cesar himself. There was none. He made his way around the table, talking to most (if not all) of the other diners... except us. Fine, whatever, he's busy in the kitchen and maybe he got sidetracked. I was willing to give him the benefit of the doubt. But at the end of the meal, we thanked him and very politely asked to get a picture with him, and we were told he doesn't take pictures. I know that is a lie. I've seen photos of diners with him on Yelp and Instagram, and so did one of my dining companions (which is why we thought it was OK to ask). So, what the hell? It left a very poor taste -- figuratively -- in our mouths at the end of the meal. It made me feel like I was not welcome... and after our party dropped $1k+ on a meal, it was not a good feeling! I've read that he's shy, but that's not an excuse to treat us differently from his other guests. And if he's shy and doesn't like doing the whole "front of the house" thing, maybe his "restaurant" shouldn't be in the kitchen. Just sayin'. TLDR: Food was AMAZING, but the rest of the experience was meh. The food brings the average way up to a 4... but I'm not sure I would return. I'd rather drop that same $$$$ at a place like EMP, Le Bernardin, etc., and be treated like a queen.
All hail Cesar!  Chef Cesar Ramirez that is!  But don't call him a chef.  He prefers the title of"craftsman", the same way that Japanese cooks refer to themselves.  And boy, has this man mastered his craft.  It's like seeing an artisan practice his art at THE highest level. It's amazing the things that Cesar and his crew of 5 (2 sous chefs, 1 hostess/server, 1 sommelier, and 1 busboy) can do!  But then again, with only 18 seats at the Chef's Table, only 10 of which are served at any one time, the level of service remains at an impeccable and personal level.  The kitchen is completely open as the diners sit around a U-shaped stainless steel table and watch as Chef Cesar and his team make magic before our very eyes.  There's no white table cloths.  No pretentiousness.  Just some of the best food I've ever experienced.  And my new #1 in New York (move over Eleven Madison Park and make way Le Bernardin!).
I will unabashedly admit this was my first of any Michelin restaurant experience, but it was perfectly wonderful for me. In fact this is one of the nicest places I've ever been - I'm young and this was my opportunity to take my parents out as a thank you for the support they've given me on my way through college now that I have a job. So yes, I felt the price quite painfully and it was no easy feat to do but still well worth it. Yes, reservations where a pain but it only took a month or so of Mondays trying. A simple outlook calendar reminder worked fine. While some may expect a lot of frill and decadence to go with the dining experience at a Michelin rated place such as this, the food is only what matters to me. For what it's worth, Chef Ramirez won me over by being incredibly focused on the meal service as well as taking the occasional aside to interact and genuinely thank us for the company. It's hard to remember all of the courses and there's really no point to describe them. Many of them I had never tasted or had never had prepared as such or even have had many times before but the flavors were all unique and distinct like it was my first bite of a new food altogether. We received excellent advice on a few bottles of wine we paired with the dinner as well, which were nice additions to the meal. My only criticism was perhaps our dining companions that evening, who spent most of their night on their phones or talking loudly. It's a shame you're so susceptible to other's behavior in the intimate atmosphere, but nothing can truly detract from the tasteful experience you'll inevitably enjoy. If you're expecting to be waited on hand and foot and be wooed by the chef, look elsewhere. If you value attention to detail, a gorgeous kitchen, fantastic food, and a respectful staff that has a routine down closer to a choreographed ballet sequence than the bustle of a normal wait staff, then you owe it to yourself to try it.
Best meal of my life. No contest.
Celebrating my birthday with my special someone at Chef's Table was truly an amazing experience, especially since I have a love for food.   The reservations are truly hard to come by, they take them 6 weeks in advance and the phone line is literally busy for hours.  Very lucky that my boyfriend knew how much I've wanted to try Chef's Table and was able to get a reservation on my actual birthday! It is a very intimate setting when you're sitting at the chefs table with only 18 seats and a clear view of the kitchen.  The entire experience was very enjoyable as you can see one  sous chef torching the fish while another was preparing another integral part.  As mentioned by other yelpers, this is a seafood based meal with only one meat dish at the very end. I was impressed with every single dish and all the intricate details and pairings of flavor and texture.  Chef Ramirez uses the best source quality for each dish where as these fine pairings would be additional add ons at Per Se.  Each of the 20+ dishes were executed beautifully in unison between Chef Ramirez and his two sous chefs. The service was on point throughout our whole meal even though it was the late 10pm seating. The server was very helpful and friendly and made conversations with all the guests. The three dishes that stood out to me most during my magical experience was the Hokkaido Uni & black truffle, Squid, and the akamatsu in red rice vinegar. I must mention, even at Per se and other reputable restaurants in NYC the fresh uni they provide is from Santa Barbara, CA, but Chef Ramirez provides something even better, fresh uni from Hokkaido, Japan.  I was skeptical at first since keeping uni fresh from Japan you must go through great lengths but I was in love after my first bite.  The uni was fresh and topped with black truffle.  Before I took a bite the aroma of the black truffle was resounding in front of me.   The next dish that deserves to be mentioned in the dish that contained lobster & squid.  But the main star was the line caught squid from Japan that is only in season two months of the year.  This squid was unlike any squid I had every tried, it was very chewy and grilled perfectly.   This was the first time I tried akamatsu, and I'm wondering why I've been missing out.  The fish's skin was torched and was delicious while the red rice vinegar adds for a delectable sauce. I will definitely be back again. This goes down in my Top 3 list alongside Per se with add ons and Joel Robuchon's full tasting menu (Las Vegas MGM).
While I dislike the idea of exclusivity in Brooklyn, the little freak running this place sure can cook.  Moby's little brother was chatting up the young ladies while overseeing an impressive rollout - almost everything put before us was delicious.  However for the price and hassle, I think I'd rather have two or three great meals at a couple of different places.
25 courses of meticulously-prepared and creatively-presented gourmet goodness ... most epic meal of my life!  A lot of uber fresh sushi/sashimi based dishes, which I loved (but I guess if raw fish isn't your thing that might be a problem - they do make some accommodations for dietary restrictions though).  As daunting as the course number may sound, it was actually just perfect - you come away feeling completely satisfied but not uncomfortably full.  Most definitely worth the 20 minutes spent manically punching the redial button non-stop to get a reservation (and the trek into Brooklyn).
Finally was able to get a reservation and it was worth the effort. It was fantastic. We had the six wine pairing and they were all well laid out for the menu. From the canapé's to the final meat course - everything was perfect. Not much to add to what's been said in previous reviews. On a side note, I can now say that I've been to all the Michelin 3 stars in NYC. I guess I'll start at the beginning again
I'd like to update my review with the dishes that my friend could remember for other people's reference. Without his awesomeness and long memory, I won't be able to recall anything we ate that night but the happiness. :) - cucumber sorbet with lemon verbana - oyster with apple - caviar and dashi - salmon and salmon roe in a bite - 3 misc fish dishes - uni and black truffle - Black Sea bass with chanterelle mushroom - lobster and corn - perfectly cooked japanese salmon with crispy skin - wagyu beef with farro - fish with Japanese rice - black truffle crusted barramundi with napa cabbage - sheep's cheese with preserved walnut - shiso sorbet - strawberry sorbet - chai tea ice cream dessert with birthday extravaganza And I'd like to emphasize that all the dishes were absolutely delicious. Even we probably didn't recall the exact names, please put "fabulous" or "amazing" before all the dishes, ie, "fabulous cucumber sorbet with amazing lemon verbana"...You know what I mean.
Maybe we hit Chef's Table on a good night, but I found the food, atmosphere and service to be impeccable and our meal was one of the best, although incredibly rich, meals I've had in a long time. Definitely arrive promptly for your reservation - two of the diners in our seating arrived late and the chef started without them.  We arrived with a 15 minute buffer so had plenty of time to sit, peruse the wine list and take it all in.  We went with the 4 wine pairing (you can also do a 9 wine pairing) and happily the sommelier promised to email us all of the wines we drank after dinner so we could revisit the ones we liked. We ate 20+ dishes, including about 6 fish-based one-bite courses at the beginning.  T and I have had a number of tasting menus before at other NYC spots but this one takes the cake.  Each dish seemed almost better than the last with the flavors slowly building up in intensity.  The flavor combinations were fresh and kept my palate interested - it's hard to remember every detail but there were hints of Asian influence in several of the dishes with a strong presence of seafood in all of our savory courses (just the last savory course was non-seafood, a perfect couple of pieces of squab).  My definite favorite was the uber-decadent uni and truffle dish.  Amazing.  It makes my mouth water just thinking about it. The dishes do come at a pretty fast pace but it's amazing to sit, slowly chewing and tasting each course, while watching the chef and his staff carefully construct each dish. We also had an amazing cheese course (paired with nuts, honey and preserves, it was mind blowingly good) a sorbet course, a pastry course and chocolates at the end.  These were all paired with a lovely sweet wine. Service was impeccable, our sommelier was friendly and the chef even chatted a bit with our side of the table in between courses, which was a nice extra touch. While it is terribly difficult to get a reservation and it's very formal and it's VERY expensive, I would recommend Chef's Table to any foodie and hope to come here again for another special occasion.
As much entertainment as epicure. If you're a foodie - and you would be if you're paying for this meal - you'll truly enjoy watching the chef and sous staff in choreographed action right in front of you. The 12 course chef tasting (sometimes 18 or 20 courses) is the only option and the only one you'd want, as each expertly prepared course is more beautiful, flavorful and artistically presented than the next. There was hardly a course that was not  "ooh" and. "ah" worthy. At $255 pp, plus $60/$120 pp for wine pairings (or bring your own for a $90 cork fee), it's hardly an impromptu post-theatre gnosh. But it's not to be missed. The sea urchin on brioche with black truffle alone is worth the trip - probably the most perfect bite I've ever tasted.
We were so excited to get a reservation to Chef's Table at Brooklyn Fare after being wait-listed and ended up totally disappointed. The food was just okay. The fish was really fresh, but nothing in the preparation or the taste was absolutely amazing. There were 2 dishes, both with uni and caviar.  It's a little repetitious even if the preparation was slightly different.  Also, most of the opening courses were slices of different very fresh sashimi that had different infused oil and garnished slightly differently. Nothing new that I haven't seen done in other places. Not worthy of a 3 Michelin Star restaurant.   We were also disappointed by the service.  This is a chef's table, so you assume that there will be some interaction between you and the people preparing the food.  There was absolutely no interaction.  Why call it a chef's table if the chef never came by to talk to the guests and explain his dishes and preparation? The chef was very preoccupied with one "special" guest and absolutely ignored the rest of us.  Aren't we special too? If the point is not to interact with the guests, then I suggest that you put all of us in a dining room and just serve us the food. With the amount of money that we spent, we left feeling very dissatisfied with the level of food and service.
Brooklyn Fare Experience......Think of all the best ingredients of highest quality, the best things you ever wanted to eat, rolled  into one tasting menu. It had foie gras, oysters, osetra caviar, imported uni from tsukiji market in Japan, top of the line A5 grade wagyu beef... and top most of it with lots of black truffle. I never knew that pickled daikon radish goes so good with the wagyu beef, but it does. Some of the dishes were good, I just had to close my eyes hoping it would never finish...I have eaten at other 2-3 michelin star restaurants, but nothing compares. Hands down, the best meal I have ever had!!!!!
Luckily , we got in for the second seating . Dont go too early, besides thw supermarket in the front , nothing around there really. Was such  please to have this great experience, wine pairing was a plus. No pictures of thw food though. Its a small place, most guests were quiet, not a party place. Every bite was to die for!! Chef comes to say hi to everyone.Japanese n French fusion, what a marriage! Coat service, every bite was explained, yes, i said bite, cause thats the portion of the dish that you will be served., there were about 12~14courses,..lost count, please dont ask for bread, that would be embarrassing. The restaurant was able to call car service for us, so transportation for departure, not a problem...book early! Its worth it !
Oh where to even begin on this one? There are few restaurants out there where your meal is more than a meal, and becomes a dining experience. This is one of them. To get a reservation, you have to call at 10:30 on the Monday 6 weeks in advance of the week you want to come. You will get a busy signal over and over. You will put your name on the waiting list and never get a call. One day, if you are persistent, you will get your reservation. The restaurant is a bar with a kitchen behind it. It is modern and immaculately clean and sleek and sexy. There are 3 seating each night, consisting of 8 people in total. 24 people per night, and that's it, and that is why it is impossible to get a reservation here. There were probably around 25 courses, and was almost entirely seafood. There were a number of sashimi dishes, but not what you get at any sushi place. Each piece is expertly paired with various foams, gelées, crusts, extracts, oils, and various other delectable goodies, many of which you have never seen or heard of. Every single bite is tender, melt in your mouth, and well balanced. There were a few cooked mains (turbot, scallops with abalone, and duck breast with morel mushrooms) that were all excellent. They give you some warm, crusty bread with dinner. Resist the urge to eat it on its own, and use it to soak up all of the deliciousness on the plate. The absolute star of the meal for me: brioche with uni and black truffle - this is the most amazing, rich, decedent thing I have ever had. You don't even want to swallow it. There were probably a good 4-5 desserts, including one that screams of molecular gastronomy and just messes with your head. The staff here is superb. We got there about 45 minutes early for the 6:30 seating and while they were still setting up, we told the hostess / sommelier we wanted to sit as far to the left as possible to be close to the kitchen, and she happily obliged. Each dish was explained in great detail of each ingredient and its preparation. The wines were likewise described in great detail from the origins of the region and winery to the tasting notes and how they pair with the dishes. We added the 7 glass wine tasting to the meal, which I highly recommend doing. Each wine is perfectly paired with the courses they come out against, and all of the wines have great legs to them. We asked if it was 7 full glasses, and were told that they were half pours, but in reality, they were much more than that and generous, so make sure you don't have any drinks before hand because it does catch up with you. So my overall take on this? Phenomenal food, and I cannot say a negative word towards anything I ate there or the service or the ambiance. That being said, this place is super, super expensive. The meal runs $225 a person, plus 20% tip plus tax. Throw in the 7 glass wine pairing at $150 a person, plus tax plus tip, and a dinner for two is going to run you about $1000. The dinner  itself, I'd say you are paying $75 for the food itself, $75 to be at the chef's table, and $75 for the exclusivity of it and to say that you have been there. So despite the expense, would I do it all again and pay for it all over? Abso-freaking-lutely.
I called for 45 minutes to get a reservation and took one of my favorite clients. When I asked if we could sit closest to the chef, we were first told it was reserved - until Chef Ramirez waved us forward. This food is as good as it gets. From the cucumber sorbet that started the evening, to the mussel with granny smith apple jelly and horseradish sauce, to the langoustines, to the butterfish, to the wagyu beef, every ingredient this chef uses is top of the line. Do not go here if you are afraid of unique flavor combinations or ingredients. It is insulting to the chef and service if you won't at least taste all of what he creates. An undeveloped palate might not be worth spending this kind of money to feed, so if your girlfriend gets freaked out by aioli, don't bother. One tip - I probably could have just done the 4 wine pairing instead of the 6 and been able to drink slower. The wine kept catching up to the food.
Wow!  My new #1.  I traveled all the way from SF to eat here.  After each course I didn't think the chef could top it, but he did.  Thomas Keller you are on notice.
Food will never be the same again.  Its been a week since I ate here and just about everything that has passed my lips since the Chef's Table has tasted terrible. I'm ruined and still in a mourning period. This was the best meal I've ever had. Every one of the 20+ dishes were fabulous and 4 or 5 were at the top of the ohmygodnothingcouldtasteasgoodasthisitsimpossible league .  The place is a sort of high church of food: it is difficult to think about anything other than the food.... indeed its difficult to have a conversation while you watch the team in the kitchen silently and precisely create one plate after another, and noiselessy collect each course.   If Per Se is the Rolls Royce of NY dining, then Chef's Table is the Formula 1 machine.
I was so excited when I was able to score a reservation at the Chef's Table at Brooklyn Fare.  I've heard that it is one of the most difficult restaurants to get into (such as Per Se), so I literally almost had an accident in my pants when I got through on their reservation line!  Brooklyn Fare is a grocery store that has been around the Brooklyn neighborhood for ages; the owner of the store, Moe Issa, wanted to add a restaurant, and found Chef Cesar Ramirez to partner up with to open up a restaurant that features the fresh produce (the Chef's Table is not IN the grocery store, but located a few doors down).  The restaurant is an intimate 18-seat space where the menu is never known until the day of to finalize, and it is up to Chef Ramirez and his team to plate over twenty small plate courses for you to enjoy.  It is predominately shell-fish oriented and Japanese-influenced.  I was star struck when I saw Chef Ramirez, literally right there in person, all hands-on with the plating, the clearing, and even presenting the plates.  You can tell that he has very high expectations, very attentive to details, extremely focused, and very passionate about food.  He is reserved, but he is definitely cool if you get a chance to chit-chat with him (my husband was able to engage in a conversation while I went to the restroom - darn my weak bladder!!!).  You aren't allowed to take pictures or take notes, and there is no copy of the menu, so that was a little upsetting for me (since I am so OCD with taking pictures of all my food), but it really gave me the opportunity to enjoy each dish without focusing on snapping away.  I loved watching the Chef and his team plate each dish meticulously, and being presented with a little info from the lone server in the center (she stated that she has to jump in and out!).  I remember each dish being extremely delicious, perfectly seasoned, beautifully presented, and a great portion size so that you leave happily content - the amount being served lets you enjoy each of the ingredients while not being too under- or overwhelmed.  Out of respect for the Chef and the restaurant, I will not list all the dishes I memorized, but some of my favorites/highlights included: the sea urchin/uni porridge, the caviar, the shiso sorbet, the melting ball of chocolate with the butterscotch ice cream, and the little tray of mini desserts with 23K gold flakes (yum yum YUM!).  It was definitely a great experience, and I loved that we were able to try this place out to celebrate our anniversary! :D  I also like the fact that you don't have to whip out your card to pay at the end, as what you used for your reservation is automatically charged for the party, the service charge, as well as the gratuity - I really thought that that was quite convenient!  So instead of a bill, you get a nice handwritten message, thanking you :D  The group of friendly sweet folks who sat to the left of us were so much fun with a great sense of humor - it was a great evening, and I would love to come back again and try out their ever-changing menu!  :D
I'm pretty sure Chef's Table has to be the hardest get of the high-end restaurants in NYC, given the absolutely cozy size (18 seats total) of the restaurant. I've called in at 9:30 AM sharp on Monday morning, and I never get through. So I called in one afternoon and put myself on the waitlist for any day, any time - and a month afterward, when I'd long forgotten about the call, I got the Holy Grail - a couple seats for a 9:30 PM seating on Thursday night. The entrance to the restaurant is not that noticeable - I nearly walked right by it once I got off the subway. I think I was mesmerized when I stepped in, because I totally missed Chef Ramirez standing right there, greeting everyone who was coming in, as well as everyone who was finishing up. He seems quite soft-spoken, and when the dinner's being made, he is generally keeping a close eye on everything that's being prepped. That said, if you are lucky enough to score seats closer to the action, he definitely was chatting those people up more than us (who were seated just about dead center from the cooking). It's hard to describe the food, because a lot of it is something you'll never have had before. Definitely oriented towards seafood, but with a distinct lean towards Asian (particularly Japanese) flavors. It's very much like Le Bernardin - focusing on the seafood, with one meat dish at the end. That said - there is magic being concocted in front of you, and having it all done in front of you is amazing. You know you're in for a good meal when they smoke up a small glass bowl and bring you an applewood-smoked oyster as your first dish (I don't know if I've ever had a smoked oyster, much less one with that much intense smoky, delicious flavor). The start of the meal, in my opinion, is the real tour de force - after the oyster, you're hit with bluenose sashimi, which is served with a phenomenal shiso sauce (captures the flavor, but without the strong intensity of the leaf itself) and crispy kelp to add a dash of saltiness. The sea perch comes next, with a black vinegar that pairs off really well. My favorite dish had to be the uni with a slice of black truffle on top. I think truffle makes just about anything better, but with the rich, ocean-salty flavor of the uni - it's pure magic. You're then hit with a cauliflower soup served with a generous helping of caviar - and I do mean generous! Most restaurants will give you a tiny amount, but Chef Ramirez cracks open 3 cans when serving everyone. Next was his take on chawanmushi - with a much more viscous egg custard (if you can even call it that), with a piece of foie gras to richen it up. After this, you start getting into dishes with bigger portions. The golden eye snapper was prepared so well, with the highlight being the crispy skin of the fish that just melts apart in your mouth. You get a hearty slice of wild turbot next, which was really juicy and succulent, covered in a roasted potato foam - but the highlight could very well be the brussel sprouts. Instead of getting the dense sprouts, they're decomposed into their individual peels, yet they retain the same rich flavor. The lobster was next, which was surprisingly one of the less memorable dishes. If anything I really loved the bouillabaisse reduction that coated the fresh tail meat. A small pause for Japanese rice with white truffle (Chef Ramirez shaves off a hearty amount for this), which basically tastes like a fantastic macaroni and cheese, but with a different texture. A slice of abalone is next (perhaps my least favorite dish, more because it wasn't as memorable than because it was not good), followed the only meat dish - a seriously fatty slice of Kobe beef, served with grated daikon to temper the juiciness. The desserts themselves were also incredibly done. We got a slice of Brie-like sheep's milk cheese served with yuzu marmalade - a great pairing of the creamy and the acidic. Next was shiso sorbet, which was perfectly done - it has the deep green of the leaf, and a stronger flavor of shiso than other similar sorbets - but without the bite of the leaf. My favorite had to be the white truffle ice cream(!) with a dash of caramel and more white truffle (in the form of shavings)...it very much has a savory flavor, but it works so well in what is typically a sweet dish. Paired with the caramel, and it is a scoop of pure heaven. We finished up with a chocolate and vanilla truffle (which seemed like the coating was made from rice), paired with deliciously unsweetened soba ice cream. The creativity of the dishes is incredible, and were it not for the impossible nature of getting a seat, and the fact that this burns a big fat hole in your wallet ($650+ for 2 including tax and service charge - before any wine), I would be back in a heartbeat. It's not just for having a fresh memory, but Chef's Table (as of now - there's a lot more food out there) is my new favorite restaurant. You watch a masterpiece being built - and then you eat each and every one.
AMAZING!!! I won't divulge any part of the menu we experienced, out of respect for the chef and to keep the mystery alive but I will say that it was an exception and incomparable experience! The meal is 95% seafood and you will be served fishes you have never tasted not seen on any other NYC menu. The deserts were mind blowing. We went to the 10 pm seating on a Friday. When you get there the previous seating is still eating their deserts. They are there for approximately 1/2 hour. Table seated 10 for our time. We had 20+ courses and all were amazing. Staff is kind yet very quiet. You do not interact much with them, which is understandable since they are creating your meal. Can't wait to go back in the summer to taste what seafood delights will be in season then. They are strict about their dress code FYI. Completely worth the $579 for two plus our wine bill ($180).
FOOD POISONING!!!!!! My dinner companions and I got very sick from the food at this restaurant.  The owner Moe did not take care of us after the fact.  After paying $1100 for 4 people, not including wine, we were very disappointed to say the least.  We thought the chef 's plates and ideas were great.  The service were outstanding.  Something was served to us that made us sick and the owner refused to acknowledge that the food was the cause. Not acceptable. Never going back to this restaurant. 0 stars
This does not deserve a Yelp 5 star. It is truly beyond that. My experience was on January 2nd, 2013. I had high expectations for this meal and it delivered! You get high quality, rare ingredients that is totally worth the price tag. Presentations are like works of art each course.
If you're reading about Chef's Table at Brooklyn Fare on Yelp you're either wishing you get the opportunity to eat here, reminiscing about your amazing meal, or just heard about the place and want to know what the all the fuss is about. For me personally, this was the best meal of my life.  It was also the best experience I've ever had at a restaurant.  Yes I'm not a rich man and it cost me $700+ for 2 people but with that combination plus the fact it was for a special occasion made it worth it. I can sit here and give you the whole megillah but as others have also mentioned I can't do it any justice.  I will list the highlights. - Such an intimate setting.  Just 18 guests who are all as eager as you sitting around a semicircle table watching the kitchen prepare all the meals.  It's always amazing seeing professionals do their thing whether its artists or athletes.  This time it was chefs. - The chef Cesar is such a humble, cool guy.  The whole staff for that matter.  I chatted with most of them throughout the night.  They really made the night feel special. - 20+ tasting course of just amazing fresh seafood.  I am not a foodie and I don't pretend to be so I can't tell you what they did to make everything so excellent but they served dishes I've never seen before.  For me that was the best, tasting things I never have before and might never taste again. - Desert and wine were just as amazing. I anxiously awaited eating here for the entire 6 weeks since I was able to make a reservation.  The night exceeded expectations and then some.  If you can do it make the call and hopefully you can get a reservation.
I went here in a party of 4 on a Friday at 6pm.  Definitely a very good meal with the courses well thought out but not the best I've had.  The staff was on the snooty side which left a bad taste in our mouths.  Make sure to be on time because two of us arrived about 20 minutes late (due to work issues) and missed out on the first 3 courses--the other two people in our party were made very uncomfortable during this time and asked numerous times to eat our dishes in our place instead of letting them leave it for us.  I understand keeping true to the food preparation and eating in a timely manner, but if we've paid for this meal already and we're late due to something we couldn't control, why can't you let us eat the missed dishes when we arrive?  The restaurant imposed on us a feeling that we should be honored to even be able to get a reservation so they'll serve us however and whenever they want. We all left this meal still a little hungry, wishing for a little more.  What we did have was very delicious but just wasn't enough for the price we paid.  Will not be returning.
Came here with my friend, his fiance and the lady.  My friend had just proposed to his lady earlier in the day so this was a celebration Atmosphere: - Great, intimate, inviting environment.  Everyone sits around a D shaped table/plating area with a server in the middle of the D serving and detailing the various plates - Open kitchen where you see all the action - and it is impressive! - We were in the first seating (10 ppl at once) and 45-60 mins after our start another 8 or so ppl came in for the second seating. The whole meal lasted around 2.5-3 hrs - The chef comes around to say hi which was very nice.  He bonded with my friend over a  trip he has planned for France Service: - Service was perfect.  Polite, respectful, helpful and professional.  Flawless.  Doesn't get better in my book Food: - Out of respect to the chef I will not post the courses we had (we were able to remember 15 of the ~20 between the 4 of us) - The courses were amazing, inventive and inspiring.  The first 8-10 were one bites with more 2-3 biters coming in the next 6 courses followed by 1 cheese plate and 2-3 desert plates - One bite courses are mainly exotic and inventive fish dishes that are impeccably presented.  You watch as they place tiny blossoms on many of the pates with tweezers.  Each course was spectacular - There are a few meat dishes here but the overwhelming majority are fish.  My lady who is not the most fervent raw fish eater enjoyed every course Wine: - Fabulous selection.  Wines start around $60 and run all the way up - Wasn't clear if they had a Sommelier but the lady who helped us was well informed and helped match the 3 bottles of wine with the progression of courses.  We knew what we wanted, so it wasn't a huge issue for us - Fantastic desert wines by the glass as well - Nice feature: they laminated the label and the chef wrote a personal message to my friend on the back to congratulate him on his recent engagement.  Above and beyond. - Note: the wine can easily double the food check Other: - One of the utensils they give you is a two pronged fork.  Found that awkward to eat with - They should do a better job whisking your coats away when you first get in. We went on a very cold night, but they eventually come by to get your coat - Note: small place so there is a one person bathroom. No big deal just wanted to note it Fully deserving of all its stars, this chef has not lost his focus.  While not cheap, I felt this was 100% worth the money.  Of course for special occasions, but I can't wait to find a reason to go back (and a reservation)!
What an amazing meal -- this was definitely on my foodie bucket list and I am so happy we were able to make it happen! It definitely is a challenge to get through to make a resy but it is well worth it so don't give up! We had a 10pm resy on a Friday and we were lucky enough to score the seats at the end by the kitchen. It was awesome to watch the chefs at work and also speak to Chef Ramirez. He designed the kitchen himself and it shows how passion he has for his work. He has a new restaurant to be located in manhattan in the works (not a chef's table) and we look forward to checking out the food there too! All 20+ courses were delicious in different ways and I love how everything is one bite or small portions. Yes, most of it is seafood (raw and cooked) but there are other proteins as well. The food is the star but the cutlery and dishes were works of art as well. Don't think about the cost - go and and just savor every bite! it's worth every penny... Don't be afraid to ask questions either -- Chef Ramirez and the staff are happy to explain everything to you!
This is not going to be an essay because anything I write won't do the meal justice. You simply have to pray that you can get a reservation so that you can experience the genius of Chef Ramirez. Getting reservations here are very difficult and we were only able to get in by the grace of my friend's AMEX concierge service. The meal was roughly 21 courses and featured an array of exotic fish served sashimi style with garnishing and various sauces. You will definitely eat something new when you visit, because it's unlikely that you've seen these fish on some other menu. We had some red trumpet fish and a deep sea fish to name a couple. What's awesome about this restaurant is that Chef Ramirez still cooks and is there every day. We were told that he wants to be there every day and isn't planning on going anywhere else. In some sense, he's like a modern day Jiro, except his cuisine is quite different. I think Chef's Table is probably one of the best, if not the best tasting menu in NYC at the moment. The service is top notch; Chef Ramirez even buses some dishes when he has some down time. Now where else would you see a 3-michelin star chef busing your dishes? Unheard of. I found it pretty cool because it just shows how down to earth Chef Ramirez is despite his notoriety and success. For an tasting menu unlike any other, visit Chef's Table and prepared to be amazed.
For my 1700th review, I would like to share my experience at Brooklyn's only 3 Michlein starred restaurant, the Chef's Table at Brooklyn Fare. Michelin are a very traditional organisation and they usually make restaurants 'do their time' at 1 star and 2 stars before promotion to the next level. I remember reading excitedly and sadly (because it was so far away) in the UK travel section about this intimate eatery opening surprisingly in Brooklyn and have followed its meteoric rise to being the holder of 3 Michelin stars in only 3 years Seating only 18 guests, I had low hopes of getting a reservation on my recent trip to New York as I was only in town for one day. However, on corresponding with the restaurant about their reservation process, I was able to secure my reservation for the night I was in New York They do have a clear but specific way of doing things. A credit card secures your reservation and about a week before your visit, they will charge your card for the full amount for dinner (currently $225), tax and gratuity, leaving you to only pay for drinks on the night. They only serve one tasting menu which is decided at the last minute based on the best produce available. The menu is heavy on seafood and diners are warned about this beforehand and it is pointed out that the menu isn't suitable for vegetarians I met my New York fine dining friend Dana F who was joining for dinner at Brooklyn Fare deli to have a look round and get our appetite going. There was amazing produce here and I thought one only had to walk round to get inspiration for an amazing meal. However, the ingredients for our meal was actually completely diffeent and a lot of it was imported directly from places like Japan just for the restaurant The Chef's Table is located a few doors down from the deli. You do feel like you've stepped into someone's (admittedly very posh) kitchen with the 18 seats surrounding on 3 sides a central station manned (or on our night, womanned) by a server and the chefs led by Cesar Ramirez doing their magic in the kitchen area on the 4th side. I love the fact that you can see the chefs creating your food though there's little interaction with them except when Chef Ramirez comes round for a little chat Guests are served in 2 groups with the start of the meal for the 2 groups staggered. Service is top notch Michelin standard with seamless coordination between the kithcen, the central server and the other servers round the outside managing drinks etc. If anything, it was a little serious though I did get Bryn, our central server to smile and have a laugh with us by the end of the evening My only gripe for the evening was that non drinkers weren't catered for at all. The only drink on offer was water though Bryn did a grand job at making sure my water glass was topped up the whole time. The attention to detail extends to things like having chilled spoons for cold dishes Brooklyn Fare is also famous for one thing which is pointed out to diners in the e-mail that arrives with your booking - a strict no photos and no note taking policy. Watching Chef Ramirez when he is plating up dishes, I can understand why. The look he gives his food is like a parent gazing upon a child - the pride is evident. I think he just wants you to be savouring the food he creates, concentrating fully on the flavours, textures and temperatures However, as a Yelper, it was so painfully frustrating for Dana and I to watch the more exquisitely beautiful creations pass before us without being able to get a visual or textual record of what we were eating. Let me assure you that the presentation of the dishes is amazing Starting with the most tomatoey tomato consomme and cucumber foam, we were then treated to 20 plus dishes of exquisite Japanese inspired food. Chef Ramirez later told us that a trip to Japan changed his whole persepctive to food and he pays homage in his cooking The meal begins with a whole cold starter section of different fish flown in from Japan enhanced by various condiments and accompaniments. The amount of work which goes into producing so many elements for all those dishes is mind-boggling. My favourite was Japanese crab brought to life with a zing of lime In the hot section, there was an amazing duck, which had perfect crispy skin, fat rendered to almost nothing and moist succulent meat. That was probably my dish of the night but with over to enjoy, you will find much to savour and remember about your meal here Being professional celebrity chef stalkers, Dana and I appreciated Chef Ramirez coming out for a chat. Talking to him, you can sense his passion for cooking and his commitment to keep his operation small in order to maintain his high standards. Happily, we were allowed an embargo on the no photos rule t get our picture taken with Chef Ramirez A unique dining experience. Yes, there is great Michelin starred food to be found in Brooklyn!
After having been a patron at number of New York establishments with brilliant food and service, it appalls me when a restaurant that is said to have wonderful food sorely lacks with their level of customer service, mainly how gosh darn annoying it is to get a reservation, and once you do, how poorly they treat you even before you've stepped foot inside. This review might be different if I hadn't been to other restaurants with food at the same caliber as Brooklyn Fare's (not to be snotty, but I've been several other 2 and 3 Michelin starred restaurants, so this is an apples to apples comparison).  But, I have been to those restaurants, and I wasn't met with a busy signal each time I tried to call. At at this level of food, for a common foodie's palette such as mine (since I don't claim to be a professional food writer), the food is pretty much all excellent and interchangeable, so it's truly the SERVICE that makes the difference.  So, I will not comment on the food here.   We were really excited, until we got their confirmation email, that stated "Price  $ 185.00 pp plus tax and 20% service fee."  This was the first we had heard of the service fee, and we initially thought that they were now bundling the cost of the meal with mandatory gratuity.  Oddly, the email also stated: "Gratuity is not included it is at your discretion the evening of your dinner.  Gratuity is CASH ONLY."  (And yes, that was in caps)  Weird, right?  Why would there be a mandatory "service fee" and cash gratuity?  It does not cost that much to process a credit card... They also need to decide if they are BYOB or not, as the email said they were currently BYOB but it "may change."  I mean, at that point, if you're not BYOB at the time of the confirmation email, don't keep us guessing, because I don't want to put down on nice wines from my local wine shop only to be kept from drinking them with my meal. Oh, and they required non-refundable pre-payment.  I mean, I think if people have been willing to jump through the hoops to make a reservation, they will be able to pay.  And this totally screws anyone should they need to cancel unexpectedly (and from what I hear the waitlist would pretty much cover any cancellations). AND THIS ALL HAPPENED BEFORE WE EVEN DINED. Overall, I highly encourage them to make the ENTIRE Brooklyn Fare experience special for their guests.  It's the service and attention to guests (in addition to food), that places such as Per Se, Jean Georges, and Eleven Madison Park keep people coming back.   I don't see myself attempting to dine at Chef's Table again anytime soon.
3/17/12 Damn it. I cursed to myself as I stared at the clock on the N express. 7:15pm. My 7:45pm reservation tonight was at Brooklyn's only 3 Michelin star restaurant called Chef's Table - Brooklyn Fare. Connected to a grocery store, 50 gleaming copper pots hung above an immaculate stainless steel seating area that holds 18 highly coveted seats for a 3 hour, 25-course prix-fixe adventure that sets you back $225. 7:25pm The subway lurched forward with no urgency. The bum sitting across from me in a drunken stupor cocked his head ever so slightly. César Ramirez, the chef at Brooklyn Fare was known to be mercurial in nature. One minute, expounding on the history behind his prized truffle collection, the next minute, berating a customer for taking notes by shouting, "You think you will be able to cook like me? No! Nobody can cook like me!" A few minutes later, I was jogging at a steady clip from Brooklyn Flea to Hoyt-Schermerhorn, the street where the restaurant resided. I noticed my companion, Sammy Lee, pacing outside the entrance while nervously puffing a Marlboro menthol light. He had a beige blazer, dark jeans, and sneakers. My outfit wasn't much different: black leather biker jacket, black polo t-shirt, stone gray corduroys, and adidas to fulfill the casual dress code mentioned on Yelp. 7:50pm. Sammy and I entered the rain canopy and pulled at the restaurant door. Locked. Sammy pulled harder and the metal clang of the lock reverberated throughout the room which made the diners pause. The maitre d', wearing a tight heather gray blazer rushed over to us, her dirty blonde ponytail bouncing. After unlocking the door and showing us in, she mentioned that the first few canapés have been served and the chef would be forging onwards. I made my way to the restroom to freshen up after my 8 minute jog. I opened the door to see Sammy's crestfallen face. "There's a dress code, we have to go change." This wasn't the right time to play jokes on each other. "Ha, real funny, hurry up so we can eat." That's when I noticed the maître d' next to him, standing upright, ponytail unmoving. "Sir, we do have a dress policy. No jeans and sneakers allowed." At this point, I thought they were in cahoots. "Wait...seriously?" I asked incredulously. (Pause) "Yes, do you live close to here? Crap. She wasn't bluffing. The realization hit me hard. The longer we waited, the more courses we'd be missing. *** The cool night breeze felt good against our sweaty foreheads as we pounded the pavement. Luckily, my apt was 2 blocks away. I found a pair of navy blue pinstripe slacks and chocolate brown loafers for Sammy. I quickly changed into a light blue gingham shirt and slate gray trousers. The clickety-clack of our dress shoes echoed on the empty street like Clydesdales in Central Park. We were about 20 minutes late when we finally sat down and handed the wine list. "Gentleman, you look thirsty," cooed Bryn, our server for the evening. "This here is a 2007 Marie-Noelle Ledru Cuvee du Goulte Blanc de Noirs Grand Cru...compliments on the house. The flavor is fantastic, we just ordered a few cases for our collection and we hope you enjoy it." According to the wine list, it was priced at $26/glass.... +1 for service and the perfect way to defuse our agita. The simmering anger I felt for being late and violating the dress code immediately evaporated. Here was a simple gesture that began to turn things around. Taking a breath and settling into my stool, I noticed the restrained decor. No fancy linens and tablecloths here - we sat at an expansive U-shaped steel counter devoid of superfluous elements. Everything had a purpose, and the cleanliness of the pass was striking. Besides Caesar, there were 3 sous-chefs quietly plating multiple dishes. The epitome of organization, efficiency, and timing. We began our gastronomic journey with 10 amuse bouches, mostly pesce crudo. Fluke with daikon, turbot, portuguese sardines with leek and fired potato. These dishes were playful and contained elements of yuzu and other citrus nestled within the creamy layers of cilantro purée and pea purée. Sammy and I agreed that the acidity and tartness overpowered a few of these beginning dishes but the flavors were still unique and delicious. Read the rest of the entry here: scrumphsus.com/blog/2013…
At least with Mussolini the trains ran on time. I ate at Chef's table last night. I am a foodie to my core. i ate there with foodies. Heck when i sat down I found that another of the small group in my seating was a friend and foodie (what were the odds?). The comon thread was that we each came for a great night of food and general culinary conviviality (as a rule these small group tasting menus turn into a communal experience, everyone commenting, sometimes drinking each others wine to add to the experience and are an overall great time). That was not the case here. The pacing here was almost robotic. 'Course completed ...Must serve next course. ,' was the way it all functioned. No time to appreciate what had just been presented before the next plate hit the table. We did 23 courses at Robuchon and it felt like we were dining even as food fatigue overcame us all. A few less here and it felt like the goal was to get everything done as quickly as possible, diner be damned. There was adequate time after out seating to set up for the next group so I really don't understand why the meal is paced as it was. This wasn't a dining experience, it was, needlessly, a food 100 yard dash. I routinely tell friends that it's all about the food. Some of the best meals I've had (or maybe some of the meals I've enjoyed the most) were served in ugly rooms, in sketchy neighborhoods by folks whose only formal culinary training had come as OJT. Great food trumps any of the other categories of review. I, generally, don't care about décor, service or wine list too much at all, although I appreciate all when they are present. I care about what's on my plate.  In every great meal I think the common thread is someone who loves food, loves what food does to people and appreciates those who appreciate what's been done for them. Again, a component that appeared to be missing here or, if not missing, never for a moment displayed. Each dish was delivered by the Chef with a terse title and that was that, he'd then spin on his heels and move to the next dish. If you didn't catch it, the hostess would repeat it for you but, again, all was dispassionate and robotic, the theme of the evening.  The service was seamless and the setting sublime (I love chef's tables), and BYOB meant I drank far better wine than I would have been willing to pay for, but it was joyless, rushed and robotic and made what should have a memorable evening into just an evening. I know he's got 2 Michelin stars. The food was fine, Each bite tightly constructed, presented beautifully in an ever changing array of dishware and once or twice it even made you say "Wow". A couple of wows in this many courses is, again, sub par. Try the experience at Mini-Bar and your jaw won't close for days from the Wows you'll utter. I'm sorry. I know many speak glowingly of their experiences here and we were just one group of diners, two if you count my friend and his entourage who just happened to be there. We all worked at getting the rezzies, did cartwheels when we did and traveled to this meal with the highest of expectations. Complex , yet largely unexciting, food competently prepared coupled with  joyless, rushed, robotic pacing do not combine for a positive experience. There are MANY places on the big island that execute the concept so much more hospitably that I tried not to compare as I wrote this. The ultimate question for us, after any meal, is "Would you come back?". The answer, you can guess, is No and, once they are no longer BYOB, my answer would become  Hell No!
Have been meaning to try this place forever, but could never get a reservation. Finally, I got one. After calling and calling and calling on a Monday at 10:30, my call was answered at around 10:39 and I was put on hold. Three times thereafter someone picked up and I mentioned that I was on hold for a reservation - this made me anxious that they would hang up on me. Finally got through to the reservationist, who took our reservation for a Saturday at 7:45 pm. Prime time. Process and billing was explained, email and credit card taken, and done. Awesome.I figured at 10:39 I wouldn't get a weekend spot. But I did. Don't despair! Approximately 2 weeks later I received a confirmation email, and then another one maybe three weeks later as a reminder / last chance to cancel. Night of, we left with plenty of time, but a sick passenger on the train disrupted our plans, and we ended up arriving about 10 minutes late. THANK GOD our seats were still there and we didn't miss any of the courses. The table is in the shape of a wide horseshoe with a server / plater in the middle and the chef + 3 assistants behind the grill. We really liked to watch them making the dishes and guessing whether they would be served to our half of the table or the other half (servings are slightly staggered). We were seated on the end of the table, right up next to the kitchen, and the chef came over and made lots of pleasantries. We aren't the type to gush over food, just enjoy eating good food, so we didn't really have much to chat about. The food itself was great. Not huge fish eaters, but the one-bite concept was perfect. Loved everything except the sea urchin dishes - just not my thing. Dessert was phenomenal. By the time it rolled around though, we were STUFFED and could barely eat anymore. We still did though. All in all, this place was great. For the price it's more of a one-time thing, but a great experience with really great food.
This was the best f*cking meal I've had in New York, and was as close as you could get culinarily to sexual intercourse. I apologize in advance for missing any details about the meal, but like all great meals (like great sex in general), it's the sustained crescendo of tastes, smells, and sensations that make a one-night stand like this so sustainably memorable. What makes Chef Cesar Ramirez's tasting so exceptional was that each dish was completely unique, memorable, and different across the twenty-or-so courses throughout the service.  Combine this with the laid back atmosphere of being seated in a working kitchen, this is one of the only three Michelin-starred restaurants that feels as comfortable to dine in as your living room. The entire twenty-course meal started with a palate cleanser: a cucumber soup shooter topped with foam. The intensity of the cucumber was subtle, but the creaminess of the foam and the herbalness of the soup seamlessly washed over the palate. Next were a range of sashimi dishes in a variety of sauces that would make you forget that Chef Ramirez used to work in high-end French restaurants like Bouley, rather than Japanese ones. The highlights included striped horse mackerel with a ginger reduction and crispy ginger garnish, fluke topped with crispy scales, oysters in a buttercream sabayon, and the coup d'etat, uni on brioche garnished with a shave of Australian truffle. The latter was by far the highlight of the night: the rich, unctuous savoriness of fresh sea urchin battled with the deep, funky earthiness of truffle, yet the combinations of both intense flavors neither overwhelmed nor overpowered each other. Like all great dishes, it deflowers any previous assumptions about food. Afterwards were several small entrees: Burgundy snails in garlic sabayon, duck with chanterelles and porcini cream sauce were among the highlights. Desserts left the meal on a high note: cantaloupe sorbet, shiso sorbet with blueberries and gold leaf, and lemon tart with balsamic gelato. The latter was one of my favorite desserts of all time: the lemon custard hauntingly intertwined with the deep vinegary richness of the balsamic sorbet: like great Bach fugues, there were two different flavors marching to different paces, but uniting to create a magical melody of tastes. Service was meticulous and on point (what you expect from a front-of-house team run by Per Se free agents). At only 15 pages., the wine list was very well edited and though out, but there are no hidden gems or values on it. If you decide to bring a bottle, be prepared to shell out $70 for corkage, which is rather high, but this keeps the lights on for this streamlined, three Michelin-starred restaurant. At the end of the day, you will have to pay about $300/pp for the privilege of eating at a chef's table where you have to book six weeks in advance. People will complain. Regardless, Chef Ramirez is the star of the hottest culinary rock show in town, and I will gladly scalp tickets from anyone who doesn't want to pony up for one of the most mind-blowing culinary experiences in NYC.
Let me start by saying that I HAVE actually eaten here, unlike some other reviewers that feel the need to give up after the yes, quite challenging task of getting a reservation. (If you don't dine, don't review!) Getting a reservation is difficult but it IS possible and you don't have to KNOW someone to get a seat. You just have to be willing to put in a little time on a Monday morning. There are some common themes among other reviews. Some call the service "robotic", others would call it choreographed. The chef is quiet, shy and focused, he doesn't give you an elaborate story behind the creation of each dish, he tells you what you are eating and lets you know when you should enjoy it all in one bite. He is passive but friendly and will happily answer questions if you ask him at a slow moment. The atmosphere is quiet and intimate but shouldn't be confused with being pretentious. The chef and staff work diligently at their craft but at the end of the day seem to realize that their food is still in fact, food. This is not a typical restaurant, nor does it claim to be so the style of dining is also not typical. This is not the type of place that you bring your group of friends to celebrate a birthday or a promotion or to catch up on what they've been up to since you last saw them. This is a place to try perfectly paired ingredients of the highest quality. Its very simple. Watch. Taste. Reflect. Discuss. Repeat. The food was perfect. I mean, truly spot on. Decadent and simple, over the top and classic all at the same time. Truly a unique dining experience and one that forces you to appreciate each bite and then move on from it just as quickly. I walked in wondering if the experience would warrant the effort and expense enough to go back again. I walked out wondering how anyone could not go back again and again.
From what I had read, this wouldn't be just any fancy meal. Brooklyn Fare is also the name of the gourmet grocery store next door and five times a week the chef, César Ramirez, prepares a huge meal for a very intimate group. But the whole thing is under the guise of a class. You have to reserve a spot in advance (or get on the waiting list as I did back in February), bring your own wine, and then César teaches you about cooking, while cooking for you, and from reviews and word of mouth, you get to try amazing food. We arrived at 7 and were greeted by a sweet waitress. It almost felt like a community of "students", but it never fully got there for me. Maybe my expectations were too high - or maybe the whole concept has changed since word of mouth has made it a bigger deal. But this was not a class. It was maybe an observation. But there was no introduction, no greeting, we barely heard the chef explain each dish as we received it. He sort of mumbled what it was and if you caught it, you caught it. But even if you didn't know what you were eating, it was still all ridiculously delicious. The amuse bouches started coming fast and furious. There must have been close to 10 little bites. And they were all outstanding. I specifically remember a watermelon slice perfectly coated with olive oil and sea salt, a sardine strapped to a potato chip, and a plump oyster with oyster gelatin and yuzu. Every single bite was explosive with texture and balanced flavors. I knew we were in for something truly special. Then we referred to our program (read: menu) which was the only hint that there was a syllabus. The eight courses were divided thusly: salmon, tomato, scallop, egg, black bass, ravioli, beef, strawberry. Now I have to do my best to remember the specifics of each. It explicitly said on the menu not to take notes or photos. It hinted that it was because they want us to enjoy the food without any distractions. So for the first time in a while, I had to rely on my mental note taking skills. The salmon was a parfait (that was almost as small as the amuses) with lots of fish roe and a rich egg cream of sorts. It was good, but I didn't realize we had technically started the meal. I was waiting for some direction or lesson. I guess all I needed to do was eat. And I did it. The tomato course was probably his masterpiece. We watched as the sous chefs all helped compose the six-part dish that featured tomatoes every possible way you can imagine. Even the ways you can't imagine, including my favorite: the tomato marshmallow. Each component was explosive with flavor. And you kept finding more components to the components, like the little gazpacho underneath the white tomato mousse. And of course, as almost an afterthought (or palate cleanser), we got a scoop of some sweet, spicy tomato sorbet. It was fantastic. Everything was a surprise: the poached egg was topped with rich, earthy summer truffles, the ravioli held some tender rabbit meat, and the beef had a rich buttery foie gras on top so if we weren't full enough, we were certainly stuffed by the time dessert rolled out. Except it wasn't completely satisfying. I felt the meal sort of fizzled out. Don't get me wrong: I loved every little thing we ate. It was so masterfully prepared and presented with seasonal ingredients and unique combinations. Everything was great. But I wanted more. And before you think me greedy, let me explain. The strawberry dessert was fresh and summery with a tangy greek yogurt sorbet. But after all those canapes to start, I thought we would maybe have a petit fours or two (or four). I still wanted closure - both with the meal (chocolate would have been nice) and with the show itself. The chef tended to really engage the people on both corners of the long bar. We were smack in the middle and while we got a nod or two (and probably had the best visual seats in the house), I felt a little gypped. Maybe my expectations were too high after that bang of a beginning. Maybe the "class" has changed since it's grown in popularity (they will soon be getting a liquor license and are now seating more people each night). Maybe those couples on either end were regulars (although I'm not sure how that's even possible). I don't know, but I left a little unfulfilled (while pleasantly full). The Kitchen at Brooklyn Fare served fantastic food and it was a really exciting (albiet) expensive evening out. I did feel like I was involved in some secret club, but that only the most exclusive people could get front seats. And I wonder if those guys walked away with a chocolate truffle or two. Because I had to get mine at the grocery store next door. -eatthisny
I'm not going to list all 27(ish) dishes I have had, although I could remember about 24 of them. You want to be surprised anyway. Don't read about what he's going to serve to spoil you. Just think of all your fave foods you like to eat at a michelin star restaurant, I bet you he will serve 80% of the stuff on there. So there is nothing you will need to worry about in terms of variety and quality. BUT HERE'S HOW CHEF'S TABLE DIFFERENTIATES ITSELF FROM THE REST. Granted. This is not for everyone. But now that I have had this experience. I will not be spending my 300$ anywhere else in other restaurants. - Minimalist - Quiet quaint intimate KITCHEN setting with 1 server in the middle and two others for wine and utensils. You feel like you are eating in the chef's kitchen in his home, instead of being in a luxury classy-ass restaurant where you feel 5 servers staring at you. I hate being watched while I eat. And Chef's table made me feel, well, at home, and comfortable. - One bite - This concept rocks. In some restaurants you get a giant piece of art where you don't know where to start. Whether you have to pile all 15 elements of the plate together in one spoon and look like a fool. Or just having too much of something mediocre, and also on the flip side having too much of something really strong tasting and ruin the rest of the meal for you. ONE BITE. NO THOUGHTS. In your mouth. Enjoy. Before you know it, something else is coming up - Live action - It's like being on an Iron chef show. You observe the movements of the chef and the other cooks. You see how they all know what to do immediately and no one is ever standing around doing nothing. A well rehearsed show in action, where everything is done to the finest. Where every cook gets the chance to be in the limelight of being in the middle of the kitchen table. Teamwork. Cohesiveness. No ego, no showing off, none of that "YES CHEF! RIGHT AWAY CHEF!" attitude. Just skill and pure concentration, dedication. You feed off that energy as you eat the food they so carefully prepared. No other restaurant can give you that experience. - Courses - counted about 27 courses carefully made and I enjoyed EVERY SINGLE FUCKING ONE of it. Ever tried a tasting menu where you feel "EH. That second, fourth, sixth course? I didn't really care for them" YOU DON'T GET THAT HERE. No one dish is shy of another. Every single one of them planned to prepare you for the next, and the taste JUST KEEPS getting BETTER. - Chef - Love his personality. Love his attitude. The way he is humbly teaching his cooks as he makes the food, giving them instructions in a subtle and not demanding way. Treating everyone with respect. My boyfriend and I were  lucky enough to sit at the edge of the kitchen table where he spoke to us quite often and even hand-served my food and told me what it was. He even talked about how difficult his hours were (9AM in the morning to 2AM At night) but said how he managed to stay GROUNDED by loving what he does, and even acknowledging how hard his crew works. He doesn't care for luxury, but serving the BEST food he can find. Knowing him on a personal level, makes the eating experience even better - as now the food tells a story about his life, and what it took for all those plates to make the table. He is ALWAYS in the kitchen, and he said that if he weren't, the restaurant would not open. This coming from a 3 Michelin star restaurant chef - this is what sets him apart from others. At the end of the night when my boyfriend and I left, he even opened the door himself and I shook his hand thanking him for the wonderful meal, and that I will be back. And I fucking mean it. Thank you Chef Ramirez, the entire crew, the wonderful servers for this experience. This meal really touched my heart - and I will be calling every fucking second at 10.30am on Monday to get another reservation for my birthday.
I was so excited to get in here for my 30th birthday during my birthday trip to NYC.   I don't know what else to say that hasn't been said already about the food.  The food, remarkable.  Each presentation of each dish was superb.  The taste, the finesse, perfect. For the last course they gave me a candle on my dessert and they took a picture for me- they offered :) Chef's table is definitely a place to remember.   The staff was amazing.  Chef Ramirez was very warm.   The kitchen is amazingly put together.  The appliances, the way the copper pots/pans were set up just added to the ambiance of the kitchen.   If you get the chance to go, please do yourself a favor and do so today! Thanks for giving me such a spectacular 30th bday dinner! You're not allowed to take pictures during dinner because Chef Ramirez does not the  camera to take away from the overall experience.
Wow... best meal I have ever had.  So more about me. I'm on a quest to hit all the Michelin 3 star and 2 star restaurants in New York City (and other cities as well). Prior to this, Eleven Madison Park was my favorite restaurant, but Chef's Table takes my new favorite as "most intimate special meal." The whole dinner was entirely different than anything I've experienced.  One "enters" the lab at the side of the Brooklyn Fare Grocery store and is seated in an industrial cooking kitchen.  It's a bit chilly, so ladies, bring a sweater!   The chefs at work are your visual in addition to the food, and the kitchen is adorned by gleaming copper pots hanging above. Seating takes place in two stages with only 18 people having the privilege of dining here a night.  We had the earlier seating at 7 and had the wine paring (I think the experience will set you back $350-400 once you tip).   Each dish is a little morsel of delicious and I left the meal totally satisfied.  I'm not going to describe every dish (bc this is not my forte), but there is definitely a sashimi focus and a general fusion theme.  I had a brief chance to chat with Chef Cesar Ramirez on my way to the ladies (by the dishwashing station!) and he said he was inspired by his creations from his time in Japan. The only downside of Chef's Table is the impossibly difficult reservations.  They take reservations 1x a week for 6 weeks out and phone lines are jammed.  One has to prepay for dinner and its quite a chunk of change to shell out.  But if you think about it, one can easily drop $400 going to an average pre theater dinner and any show or the opera.   If you are a foodie, Chef's Table is a must go to on the list.
Superb food.  Simply superb.   Couple of key points: The chef has an attitude, in a good way.  This place is a worship house for food, and the guy has no patience for people who don't have respect for his art, I respect him for that. Don't go to this place if you are a vegetarian or have any kind of "I eat this but not that" kind of attitude.  You eat what you are served. You shut up and enjoy. Amazing china, one of the best I have ever seen.  Very simple, very elegant. As someone pointed out before, if it is served in a spoon, eat it in one bite!! (Seriously!!!) Chef is very nice and talkative if you show interest in food.  He showed the pictures of some of the less common fish to us in his iphone.  He gave me some advice on cooking and where to buy stuff.  When I commented how amazing the tatziki sauce served with one of the dishes was and "demanded" to know what kind of yogurt he uses, he actually brought out the yogurt from the refrigerator for me to write down the name.  Yes he has an attitude, but really, he is my kind of guy. Over all, this was the best dining experience I have ever had and the best birthday gift I got this year, and I simply don't have enough good things to say about this place.
I was fortunate (or unfortunate) enough to be in on their last sitting that is still BYOB.  Going forward they'll be doing wine pairings which might be a better situation since it'll go with the food perfectly. This dining experience was definitely one of my more favorite tastings and one of the best deals for this caliber of food and cooking. Unlike some other Chefs, Cesar Ramirez is extremely approachable and is extremely accessible answering any questions and just displaying his passion for preparing some of the most interesting dishes. Literally dining in the kitchen with him preparing everything just a few feet away makes it a whole other experience. Differing from other tastings at fancy restaurants where things seem a little too orchestrated or stifling, the atmosphere here is one of dining in a friend's kitchen. You know how when you go to someone's house for a dinner party it almost inevitably ends up with everyone gathered in the kitchen? That's how it feels here, dining with friends in a semi-intimate setting with all the razzle dazzle stripped back.  It's genuine and you can see that love come through in all of his fresh ingredients and delicate preparation. There's really no point in me listing what I had, since as Cesar was saying he really likes changing things up and it is almost always different. In fact the night I went every single item was new, along with a few extra courses he threw in. Don't fret though, this man is magical with his creations and I'm sure you're bound to love it. When you make your reservations you can let them know if you have any food allergies and he'll work around it. I know all of us Yelpers love to take photos too, but please! respect the man and his wishes for no photography or note taking. Just go and enjoy one of the best meals of your life.
Contrary to all the negative reviews, everything that was written is totally untrue.  I know it's hard to get a reservation but after a little under 3 months, I was able to get a reservation for my friend and I to a seating on Friday, October 7th at 10pm.  This was a few days after where it became a 3 Michelin star restaurant from originally being a 2 Michelin star.  I know the email said they were currently BYOB but it "may change", but I believe that has to due to the fact that they are applying for a liquor license.  Plus if you can;t use your bottle of wine, guess what, you can always take it back home.  No harm, no foul. I would have to say this restaurant has to be my favorite place to eat hands down (if I had the money to consistently come back, I would).  I will always remember this place when it transitioned from 2-3 Michelin stars.  Chef Ceasar Ramirez has changed the way that I will think about food with these simple quotes. "It's nothing special, it's just food." "I treat everyone the same." "I have no favorite food." "Everything may look simple, from the steel counters to the steel chairs that you sit on, but everything serves a purpose." "I am always here." I can go on and on with the quotes as he was quite friendly but I limited to the top 5 and from the ones that I can remember mist vividly. For a 10pm seating, there was only a seating for 10 people.  I know it can sit 18 people, but from what I was told, people canceled at the last minute.  The seating is somewhat awkward as you sit on steel chairs on a steel counter in a 3/4 of a rectangle but if you are a people person where being shoulder to shoulder with the person next to you is no big deal, anyone is able to make some new foodie friends just like I did.  After taking a 24 dish tasting menu, I oohhedd and ahhhed with my friend and people around me. The meals came out so fast that all I remember in between the wine and meals was the shitake mushroom soup with miso, truffles, uni, all types of rho, oyster, salmon, lobster and a lot more seafood.  If I had to rate my meal based on what I liked, it would be (1) the meal with the truffles and lemon sauce, (2) the uni with trout rho in some kind of rich zest sauce, and (3) the uni, shrimp, lobster soup.  Even though I rated my top 3, everything was still good. A word of advice...the beginning dishes will require one bite.  He will say it once and I doubt he will want to say it again.  As a fan of seafood, I have to highly recommend to anyone that is on the fence to trying this place.  The cost is $185 pp and after tax, gratuity, and service, it's $243, but the price is worth the splurge.
Well, my brother and I made it out to Brooklyn Fare, the next biggest thing in the dining world. I was so happy that he told me about it and decided to make a reservation for us. You book 6 weeks out, so cancellations are common. I do not know how you can have a bad experience here. They do not accept food allergies or vegetarians... so all meat eaters should be satisfied here. I did not even have swine or cattle, and I was a happy meat eater. You bring your own wine, meaning as much as you want to spend, and as much as you want to bring. With 2 bottles of wine and a bottle of beer in hand, the only way your meal could go bad is if you really do not like the grub that is served or if you pick terrible booze. The format and pace of the dinner is near perfect. They keep you eating every few minutes or so with a bite or two of something awesome. There is no sense in going into too many details with the food, as I am certain that no one will have anything close to my menu after reading this review and getting in 6 weeks later. Plus, I cannot remember every single dish... The chef is very focused on his food, so do not expect him to constantly be talking about each dish. Just sit back and enjoy whatever he puts on your plate. Again, he does not have any sympathy for vegetarians and individuals with food allergies. Nice. My menu was very citrus- and fish-oriented. Definitely very fresh, vibrant, and clean dishes. Salt is heavily used, but it is a perfect complement to all of the open-ended flavors. The silverware used to eat each dish is also very unique... almost confusing, but fun. They are made to help you get everything into one bite. Some of the highlights include a toast that used foie gras and truffles; a custard that used uni, foie gras, and truffles; and lots and lots of good pieces of fish. Just think about those offerings... The service makes the experience really smooth, and the staff is extremely precise in what they do. The dishwashers must really stay busy... there is not a huge amount of serving stuff to go around. If you get a chance to have dinner here, do it. Try to go ASAP, as BYOB may not last much longer at this Michelin two star eatery. BF was one of the best meals that I have ever had, and it is certainly worth the steep price. Guaranteed.
Food is good; Service (especially the Chef's attitude) falls very short. If you have more than $200 to spend per person on a meal, there are many other stellar options. Reservations (As expected) Yes, it is a pain to make a reservation here. But that's the reality of any good restaurant, where demand exceeds supply. So no surprises there. Taste / plating of food (As Expected) Food was good, and comprised of 17-20 courses. Cooked well, very tasty. What was missing was a description of what to expect from each course. Describing food / food service (Below expectation) The people serving were just reciting the name of the dish + condiments without giving any more color. This is a marked difference from any other top restaurant where the waiters make every effort to tell you what to expect, and what tastes to watch for. Table Service (Significantly below expectation) Here is where it got interesting. We were discussing differences and opinions re: our experience at the different restaurants we have been to. What we did not realize was that the waitress was eavesdropping, and she decided to go tell Cesar Ramirez about our conversation. Mr. Ramirez then chose to come up to us, and state that he is not trying to be like any other restaurant, he just wants to cook good food. Highly disappointing that the Chef felt there was a need for him to come and try to have the last word. Left us with a very bad taste re: the entire experience, and convinced us that we will never go to Chefs Table at Brooklyn Fare ever again. The restaurant might have three Michelin stars, but what worth are those stars if you make your patrons feel so unwelcome. The best restaurants listen to their customers, and recognize that there is always room for improvement. When you are chided by the head chef for voicing opinions (in a city that is the center of capitalism) - maybe it is better to avoid the restaurant in favor of others where customer service is still king. Especially when you are paying $200+++ for a meal. TL; DR (Too Long / Didnt Read): Food is good, Service leaves a lot to be desired. If you have money to spend - pick another restaurant.
I have eaten at a ton of really great places, but I have to say this was one of the best meals in my life.   Chef Ceasar is creative and welcoming.  I was surprised that a good portion of the dishes were Japanese inspired and resembled something of an omakase type meal.  It was 24 courses.  My favorites were the Japanese Oyster, caviar and the duck. Everything was plated artistically and elegantly.  Their choice of plates was so modern and artistic that I wouldn't be surprised if they had them designed by the MOMA. I wish I was able to take more pictures but the actually don't allow photos even though I snuck a couple in before they let me know. The venue only seats 18 people so it is very hard to get a reservation.  You have to call 5 weeks in advance on a Monday at 1030am.  It is like trying to call a radio station to win tickets to a concert.  My husband called almost 80 times to get through. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone who doesn't like Japanese food or seafood. I definitely plan on going back! TIP: Try not to eat much or at all before going.  I just had a smoothie in the morning and had a7:45 reservation and was struggling to get through the meal because it was so long and filling
I am not sure there is much I can add. Not only did we have a wonderful meal but a great experience. I do agree with some other reviews that the description of each dish by the wait staff could have been more detailed and at times did not do justice to the dish. Also, the whole no pictures allowed thing is a bit bothersome, given I am someone who enjoys taking pictures of my food. Still a wonderful restaurant.
Very interesting meal here.... This is one of the most unique and innovative dining experiences I've ever had. The dishes are ultra modern with a heavy focus on fish and seafood. The truffle uni dish was to die for! The service is very coordinated down to the tee but i admit it did feel a bit cold and robotic. I appreciate that Chef Ramirez tried to make conversation with the people around the table but even he seemed cold. Alas, the delicious food and ultra difficult to get reservations gets this meal five stars.
I've never muttered so many passionate curse words during one meal; this dinner was ridiculous! There's a lot of internal hype and expectation going into a meal like this - one you've been waiting 4 months for since you made the reservation - but all of those expectations were easily exceeded.  The food was all excellent with so many tastes and textures to experience.  Heavy focus on seafood - yellowtail, scallop, black bass and octopus, the latter so ridiculously tender and honestly unlike any I've had before.  And the sauces - sweet corn, bright kaffir lime, rich foie gras - everything was terrific.  A great culinary treat. There's been issue taken in some of these reviews and in the TONY review with Chef's personality.  He is clearly very serious about cooking, and for the first 15-20 minutes the mood was a little repressed as everyone got a feel for one another.  But once the dishes started coming out and the guests started asking questions, I found Cesar nothing but pleasant and kind.  He answered questions, explained technique, talked about his passion for fine china, shared renovation plans, and enjoyed a glass of wine with all of us at the end.  I wouldn't call him the most gregarious Chef you'll come across, but I think if you are respectful of what he is doing, you'll have a great time.  This isn't your co-worker's neighbor's friend's dinner party, this is a serious dining experience; don't get it twisted just because there aren't white table cloths and no jacket is required. The format is changing in July, as others have mentioned, but as long as Chef Cesar Ramirez and his team are cooking, this experience is definitely worth your time and money.
Wow. Has to be the finest dining experience I've ever had. It was more of an event then a meal. Like some of the reviewers have said it was a bit mechanical... but in a well oiled machine kinda way. Everything was impeccable and clearly thought through. If you're a picky eater, then this is not for you. If you want a unique experience like none other, this was totally worth every cent. My respect goes out to the Chef and his team - well done and thank you!
The place is a unique concept. Only 18 seats around an open kitchen where the Chef cooks and preps his food in front of you with his team. This chef is mexican (though looking nothing like one), barks out the dishes he is serving, hardly smiles the whole 2.5 hours through our meal. He has 3 rules: no photo-taking, no notes-taking and no phonecalls at his table. Thank god he is quite a genius chef that we can all forgive him. There is no menu. It is basically a fixed $135 per head, and a BYO place (unheard of, and the first I've ever been in NY). You get your own wine glass at a corner of the restaurant, and serve your own wine. Feels very much like eating at a friend's dinner party. Amazing food. Very seafood-based, which is awesome. He started with serving about 8 to 10 canapes, all small bites of different seafood and fishes. I remember a grilled sardine strapped within a crispy potato chip, a very good tomato raspberry soup topped with greek yoghurt emulsion and kumomoto oyster with oyster gelatin and yuzu. Very yumz. After these 10 small bites, the main menu started. I liked every course. There is about 8 course, and ends with a cheese course and a dessert. There's sweet sea urchin, lobster, more fish, poached egg with a huge shaving of white truffle and truffle oil topped with caviar (I can die happy just smelling this dish), wagyu beef, some ravioli with more shaved black truffle. All good and enjoyable. And because the menu is so seafood-based, you do not feel that it is too rich and the plates are not large too. So every bite is manageable even though there are so many courses. Can't wait to find my next excuse to return!
Hubs and I basically won the lottery by getting a reservation on a Saturday at 10 on my actual birthday due to a cancellation. It was basically us and a handful of other couples sitting at a counter watching the chefs in their open kitchen so its an intimate experience. The setting is very sparse and minimal so the focus is entirely on the food. The chef and his team work like a well oiled machine turning out delicious bites. The menu was sashimi-heavy and I found myself wanting maybe a few more meat or veggie courses but thats really my only criticism.  A lot of fish I never heard of with a tart or citrusy sauce and something crunchy appeared to be the formula here and it worked. Probably the freshest and best variety you can find. We also opted for the wine pairing which was about 6 glasses to the 20 some courses.  It was just enough to complement the meal while still allowing us to navigate the subway home.
I thought I understood food. I thought I had tasted top notch ingredients prepared with a care and technical capacity that I could never duplicate. I thought I had an idea of what "best" meant. After Chef's Table, I know that I was wrong. Words cannot accurately describe this dining experience. It is THAT good. Yes, this place is expensive and yes, it's a gigantic pain to get a reservation. But, at this point, everyone knows that and I can't understand why anyone would ding them for those things. If that bothers you, just don't go. It's OK, the sun will rise tomorrow and life will go on. But, if you can manage to snag a reservation and pony up the small fortune required to dine here, you'll be blown away. The setting is unique in that you are literally eating in the kitchen. All the food is prepared in front of you and if you need to use the bathroom you have to walk through the dish washing area to do so. But, despite being in a kitchen, it's very comfortable, modern, and immaculately clean. There were three chefs working -- Cesar Ramirez and two sous chefs -- and service is provided by a single server along with a sommelier. It's a small place with 18 seats but I felt incredibly comfortable and well served the entire night. I found the service to be friendly, efficient, and attentive which was perfect for this setting. The meal itself is a 2-3 hour progression of 20+ (mostly) single bite plates. It's extremely sea food and fish heavy but even if fish and seafood isn't your thing, it's worth going because the flavors are so incredibly unique. To be honest, I don't even like fish but nearly every dish they put in front of me was spectacular. For me, the high points were a chawanmushi with hot broth and king crab along with a smoked cod (I think it was cod) with crispy potato bits and caviar. The chawanmushi with broth was rich, luxurious and packed with warm and decadent flavors. I can't even really describe the smoked cod with caviar. It's served in an egg shaped vessel that is filled with smoke. Eating it is truly an experience. The best description I can offer is that it's like eating a campfire which probably sounds horrible, but you have to just trust that it's amazing and incredibly unique. Brooklyn Fare is, hands down, the best dining experience I've ever had. My wife and I both agreed that this meal was worth every penny we spent. This is not the type of place that's for everyone but for those that go, I have a hard time believing you wouldn't be amazed at what Chef Ramirez is doing here.
Wow...truly an amazing culinary experience.  18 small courses before the actual entrees started and each bite was perfectly crafted in both look and taste. By far the standout for me was the uni on truffled toast and I can't wait to go back and see whats on the menu in the fall.
tl;dr version: We had a great meal but Alinea in Chicago still owns my heart. The reservation: 400 calls before getting someone on the phone. The week was already full and I was placed in the wait list. A spot opened and we took it. The process is pretty stressful and will be even more if you want a particular date or day of the week. The setting: half circle facing the kitchen. beautiful copper pans hanging. Chef Ramirez actually opened the door himself. Very nice and quiet decor. It is not a setting that invites conversation when in a party of 4 or more though. The staff: I've read many reviews complaining about the service and something must have happened since because I really enjoyed the service. Discreet, professional and knowledgeable. The server knew each course and their component by heart. Special mention to the sommelier who was very nice and knew her way around cheaper wines as well as more expensive ones. The food: The food was great. I'm not going to list all the dishes we were served because 1. I don't remember all of them and 2. the menu is changed almost daily. I had some minor issues with some of the dishes (a couple of them we over-seasoned and the sashimi preparation seemed quite acidic for my palate (but that may be a taste issue more than a flaw). Some dishes were amazing, such as the sea urchin with truffle, the flan with escargots or the desserts. But nothing totally blew my mind like I felt when we visited Alinea. No fireworks of flavor. just very clean and well presented dishes. What made me lean toward 5* instead of 4: Well, there is still not half grades in Yelp. I really appreciated the attention to the detail that chef Ramirez and his team put in each dish. Also, somehow, someone overheard that we were there for my fiancée's birthday and they had a candle on her dessert plate. Will I go back? If someone makes the reservation for me, definitely.
Chef's table was more than a dinner to me.  It was like watching a live art show where you see the artist painting live on a blank canvas.  With only 18 seats (I believe) and serving half the seats at a time, there is detail and love put into every bite sized dish.   When I walked in, I was blinded by the squeaky clean shine the kitchen exuded.  All stainless steel including the horse shoe shaped counter us patriots dinned on. I had heard there are about 18 to 20 bite sized portions served.  This made me a be skeptical as to, if I'd need to stop by the near by McDonalds and super size my Fish'O filet to be satisfied.  Like Golielocks said, "it was just rite!"  I wouldn't want any more or less.   Each bite was an explosion of favors.  Trying to detect what each taste was is part of the fun!  The sorbet that prepped my palate for the next course was green and reminded me of sushi.  Why did this sweet sorbet remind me of sushi?  Ahhhh, the Shiso leaf I sometimes wrap my sashimi in was in play!  Who woulda thunk that green leaf would make such an awesome sorbet?! My favorite dish and I mean favorite!!  I'm still have dreams about it... was brioche topped with uni and (drum roll).... shaved black truffle.  I peed in my seat with excitement!!  Spectacular!!!  I was trying to scheme up a plan to get the other diners bite size as well. Chef's Table is not to be missed.  Yes you may get carpal tunnel from hitting redial button trying to get that impossible reservation, but its worth it!!  I've dinned all over the world and have never had such an avant garde dinning experience as this.  Don't miss out!
I've been here twice now and every time that I've come here the food has been absolutely amazing. At some restaurants, sometimes the menu gets stale, but the two times that I've been to this place, the menu has been vastly different and very seasonal which is great.   Before I get into all the food though, let me tell you about what else is truly unique about this place.  Since they renovated, the atmosphere is definitely a little more romantic.  It's a really personal dining experience where it really feels like you and the chef.  The seating is around a large industrial kitchen table with the chef cooking in the middle.  Alcohol is BYOB.   Eating here is no joke- no cameras or note taking.  Cesar is serious and he'll tell you if he doesn't like something that you're doing.  The service is great, though I do wish that you didn't have to serve your own wine.  Sometimes that causes you to rush because you don't want to miss Cesar telling you what is in your dish.   Undoubtedly, the food is amazing.  It's really, actually, euphoric.  It's so good that I'm not going to tell you what I ate (also because I was in such food bliss, I've forgotten a lot of the things I ate in this almost 20-plate tasting).  It's not going to be the same next time you go anyway.  Just know that the ingredients are amazingly fresh and you certainly get what you pay for and more.  It's a fancy meal, no question about that, but because it's served so humbly that it's completely unpretentious and freeing so you can really just focus on the food itself.  Eating here really an inspiring experience as you listen to Cesar tell you about how he got to where he is and how things in his life have affected his cooking.   Check this one out, but make a resy soon.  Spots are hard to secure.
Disclaimer: this review is entirely and only regarding Brooklyn Fare's email correspondence. I had emailed inquiring about making a reservation.  I had read about a few different ways to make reservations, but I wanted to go straight to the source so I could be sure to grab two seats during our trip to NY in July 2013.  In less than a couple of hours I had received an email from Joel giving me all the information I requested, as well as general dining information their establishment practices. I look forward to bombarding their phone line in May and hopefully sampling some of Chef Cesar Ramirez's creations.
Wow.  This was truly an amazing dinner on the order of Momofuku Ko.  Chef Cesar Ramirez does an amazing job combining fresh ingredients for an amazing bouquet of flavors and textures with every bite.  This is an open kitchen with bar seating where you and your fellow foodies comrades can have a great time chatting, watching the food prep, and enjoying the constant waves of elation as 15+ courses are brought to you with perfect timing.   Kitchen is BYOB with no corkage fee.  There is an ice bath in the front for you to store your wine, and a selection of wine glasses for you to use as you move from one bottle of wine to the next. This is truly a unique experience and very much worth the effort of booking out months in advance.
Oh goodness, where to start? Reservation system is crazy tough, but don't give up!, because all good things are worth the wait Some Highlights: - Split pea shooter topped with warm creamy parmesan foam - The 10 amuse bouches that followed... a variety of delicate, light, and extremely fresh fishes - chef ramirez calling out some woman (TWICE)  for eating her amuse bouche in more than one bite.  "madam, these were meant to be eaten in one bite" - Most tender lamb I have ever tasted, and IT WAS NOT SOUS VIDE! - BYOB, obvi - the unique flatware and tableware! - japanese rice with uni sauce - hibiscus cloud with 24k gold flakes - madai skin Some Lowlights: - oh wait, there are none...
One of the many courses that I ate was a delicately prepared (as they all are) piece of fish, possibly turbot, that was served with a light cucumber-based sauce. Upon smelling it and taking the bite, I was immediately reminded a sort of novelty apron that my grandmother had. The apron was white with hand-painted flowers (it was the 80s), each of which had the name and phone number of a restaurant in the town my grandparents lived. I had not thought about this apron for at least 20 years. But the smell of the cucumbers was so distinct and so perfect, it reminded me exactly of my grandmother's garden. Few meals, let alone courses, have brought back such distant and wonderful memories.
There's really not much more I can say about this place after so many Yelpers have already published their essays expounding their love for this establishment. The long and short of it: the hype is all true, and this place has some of the best food I've had in NYC. You're definitely paying for it, and you won't necessarily get the most food here in comparison to other high-end restaurants, but some of the dishes here were mind-blowing in taste and creativity. Chef Ramirez knows what he's doing. It's hard to get a reservation (not helped by the fact that they only have ~16 seats), and they're kind of sticklers on the ritual and formality (eg no cameras, and the place runs like a well-oiled machine), but it's definitely worth a try if you consider yourself a foodie and are willing to splurge a bit. (My tip: the wine, while very good, did not seem absolutely necessary, so you can save a bit there)
When Chef's Table at Brooklyn Fare first opened, my husband and I heard the super raves and planned my birthday party there.  It was the only way to get in the place -- to get friends together and rent out the whole small space.  The race to get a normal reservation within the first few moments after the clock strikes the 6-weeks-in-advance point. . . well, we don't play that game. The food was all that everyone here has said -- truly exceptional, imaginative, fresh, delicious.  But the place is all about me, me, me -- and the me is not you!   For example, because it was BYOB (about 1-2 years ago), we were referred to their sommelier whose job, as we understood it, consisted entirely of helping customers go out and buy the right wines to match up with 20+ tasting courses. We were treating our friends to the wine and we wanted the wines to be special and to go well with what we had heard would be amazing food.  The sommelier was very difficult to get a hold of for an actual conversation.  Then when I asked for guidance, such as can you describe the flavors / foods and what wines you'd suggest, I was told, No I can't because the menu changes.   OK, fair enough.  Can you send me please a copy of a recent menu that I can bring into the wine shop so we can make some guesses?  Well, that took a crowbar but I got one.  After I finally had something to work with, I wanted just a second brief chat to actually get back to what we asked for from day one -- some guidance on the wines based on the example menu we finally had received.  At long last, I received some actual wine guidance: the suggestion that we bring 4 wines, and some thoughts on what types of wines to look at for each one of the 4. When we arrived a bit early for my special night, and to welcome our friends to the festivities, we were greeted with -- no lie -- : "Oh.  You're the people who needed so much help with wine." WHA? Another important point.  Don't expect to enjoy conversing even in quiet tones with your dinner guests.  We were a group of well-behaved parents in our 40s, and we were hushed and glared at over and over again by the chef's staff, who apparently felt that we were insufficiently reverential.  Far from a birthday spirit. As I said, at Chef's Table at Brooklyn Fare, it's all about me, me, me.  It's sad really.  If such a fine chef could couple his talents with caring one tiny bit about your experience of the meal, now that is something I would return for.
Simply put - this place is amazing! Though I live in Manhattan and dont make it to Brooklyn often, this is the only three Michelin-starred restaurant in Brooklyn and is worth the trip. The restaurant is actually just a kitchen counter which sits 18 people (through staggered seating times) Chef Cesar Ramirez is fantastic. Not only does he make wonderful food which he is so clearly passionate about (the ingredients, the taste, the presentation) he is incredibly friendly. We had the pleasure of sitting on the table's edge closest to the kitchen and therefore had many opportunities to chat with him. The prix fixe dinner for us consisted about ~25 small plate courses. Some of my favorite courses included: Shima aji w ginger crisp Blue fin tuna w crispy leeks Langostine w iranian saffron Octopus w heart of palm Duck w gnochi As others have mentioned, reservations are very difficult. Just be persistent every Monday and call - we finally got through after 3 weeks of trying. Though they had already filled reservations for the 6-week out timeframe, they had a cancellation for the current week- we took it! Dinner now runs you $225 per person + wine ($70+ per bottle) + 20% gratuity on top... limiting this to a special occasion destination for us!
Chef Cesar Ramirez is passionate about ingredients, execution and providing a singular dining experience in his immaculate kitchen with his engaged and attentive staff.   I was blown away by the each of the amuse-bouches that arrived before the menu started.  I believe that I lost count at six. The chef honored us by incorporating the garlic chive flowers that we brought from our garden into his first dish, Kampachi. The restaurant format is changing in July, but will undoubtedly continue to be a spectacular stage for the marrying of fine ingredients and the spectacular execution of Chef Ramirez's vision.
(I came here when the price was $180 for the meal, not including service.  At the time it was BYO, that has changed as well.) I'm going to keep this brief since: a) the hype is already so prevalent that you've heard a lot about it already; b) each  meal is different, and c) there are only so many ways I can say I loved the meal... Put simply, the food is incredible, and the overall experience is really one-of-a-kind.  Every dish is made right before your eyes, so me and my friend tried to guess each plate (and incorrectly almost every time)... and we ooh'd and aah'd at each dish as it was brought out and explained to us.  No dish disappointed (which is saying a lot since there are around 25 dishes), and more importantly with an experience like this, every dish was 'unique' and had ingredients that I never had before - with a focus on fish.   It's definitely a pricey meal, but you know that much going in.  If you're prepared to spend a lot of money on top-notch/rare ingredients, prepared well - then you'll enjoy this 3-hour experience.
This was certainly the most luxurious meal I have ever had! My girls and I hit the redial button nonstop to get reservations. Just as I was giving up, my friend got through. This was her first time ever calling and SCORE! we got a reservation. Pure luck...should have also bought a lottery ticket that day! I tried keeping track of how many dishes were served, but I lost count quickly. There was uni, caviar, duck, fish that I have never heard of. Every dish was amazing and the service was spotless.   If you can get a reservation and stomach the cost, go for it...it will be an absolute unforgettable experience.
Look it's as good as eleven Madison, per se, Daniel, etc. but with the cost of the meal and the small 4 glass wine pairings totaling to over $1000 for two, it wasn't memorable in any way.  At least at the aforementioned places the restaurant is beautiful and the service impeccable, could not say the same for this place.  What's the point of sitting at a chefs table when the chef is completely unengaging (and the servers as well).  I much preferred atera for the same cost and similar good and much better pours of wine and drink (and much more creativity).  I'd go to all of the restaurants I've mentioned above again and again but I would never return to Brooklyn fare, way too hyped.
Kind of hard to explain this place because its kind of a cross between a restaurant and just having a chef walk you through a number of his favorite dishes or something. The food was amazing - my wife took me here as a surprise and it was just incredible. You can't really discuss what he served because he even said that he only will maybe serve a few of the dishes twice but the canapes at our dinner were largely fish and absolutely fantastic. The mains were also good and I really liked that you get the byob thing going. Everyone keeps their whites in the corner in a tub of ice and they do have one carafe for a red but only one. If you can stand the wait - I believe it takes months to get in here - its really, really worth it.
I went here last year, after winning a prize for 2, and saw that it was valued at $250 (interesting when at the time it was $70pp). My gf and I had our hearts set on a cooking class, which we incorrectly assumed this was. By the end of the night, I felt her poking me whispering "I feel like we're on Top Chef." I can't really remember what was served but a few standouts include: the langoustine, an oyster shooter, a fried foigras ball, and impeccable service. The BYOB was a huge plus as well but I was more impressed with Cesar and team's willingness to explain and elaborate on his cooking technique. We were overjoyed at the experience and actually wanted to come back for another shot. Unfortunately, reservations were booked for the next 6 months so we eventually gave up trying. I recently wanted to refer a few friends but just noticed that BYOB has all but been eliminated and the price has increased to $95pp (supposedly increasing to $125-$150pp). Because of the high pricing, I feel like it will be difficult to convince friends that this is the real deal. Then again, for $125pp, why not indulge in a Chef's tasting menu? My suggestion: give it a whirl. You will not be disappointed.
Cesar Ramirez Rocks! This is an amazing interactive experience worth every penny. In fact, I think it's a total steal for what you get. I like how you get to interact with Cesar. My girlfriend and I spoke with him for quite a while during and after our meal. This is the only place I've been where the chef describes each course prior to serving. Then he does the rounds and talks to every guest throughout the meal. This makes a stronger connection with the food and makes everything more personable. He's got it down and I consider this to be like a mini Per Se. Everything he served was delicious. I highly recommend this place. Go now before he blows up... the prices could double and it would still be worth every penny.
Went in December, I am late with this review, however it lived up to the hype.  Although out of the way for me, it was worth the trip into Brooklyn.  Interesting intimate setting, open kitchen. The food was absolutely outstanding.  The sommelier was knowledgable and very helpful.  The food came in a nice rhythm.  Photos were prohibited, so I cannot post anything here.  High quality in every aspect.  The tough part is the reservation.  Highly recommended
I came here with high expectations after hearing some rave reviews from friends (tip - reservationist's name is Heidi, who is extremely helpful and organized.  If you call the number listed on the site, she will actually get back to you, even if it's to tell you there's no availability until 3 months from now.  another tip - get on the waiting list and there's a good chance you'll be bumped up!).  Overall, happy to report that it lived up to the hype. Food elevated to a form of art in this tiny attachment to the larger grocery (entrance not obvious, is at the opposite end of the block from main store). The fact that it's BYOB for now which is an extra perk (better get there fast to take advantage of it - they are in the process of setting up a wine pairing, which will raise the price).  As the reviews below mention, the coolest part of the experience was being able to see Ramirez prepare everything live.  My favorites from all the courses was the fried langostine (had a savory saffron sauce on top), and a truffle-topped egg-like concoction (coolest magnetic serving plates ever).  The duck testicles (he didn't tell us what they were until after we tried them) were interesting, to say to the least.  The whole dinner (12 courses when I went), took around 3 hours.   So why no five stars?  Personally I found the experience a little too sterile -- the restaurant lacked the warmth and coziness that I usually look for in a dinner out, but I guess that comes with eating inside a real kitchen.  There was a woman who was standing stiffly like a guard against the wall the whole time, which was a bit awkward.  Also, the metal bar stools were a tad uncomfortable for that long of a time (wear pants with some cushionage).  But those details are second fiddles to the food, so if you're a real foodie, get on that wait list and hope for another snowstorm!
We went in Sept 2013. It was awesome. Worth every penny. It really does live up to the hype. We did the 4-glass wine pairing and it was perfect. All the wines were so good. All the food was so good. It was just so good. I want to go back.
Just came back from the restaurant that we had to wait almost 2 months.It was very interesting experience. But I'm still hungry..... As most you know that you don't know what you get until they serve you. Even on the menu it doesn't explain much. Most of the meal was one bite dish. Food was definitely good but did it worth $135? I would say "NO" it because I still am hungry after the meal. The quality was great. Most of the meal was seafood. You can tell that they are using very fresh fish. We brought both red and white wine. We finished both. It's great that they are BYOB. The biggest complaint I have is the desert. They served us sorbet and ice cream. How can they serve 2 cold desert? Is it sort of common sense in the cooking world that if you serve cold desert, you serve warm (baked) desert for the next? I was very satisfied until the desert came. No coffee, nothing. Like I said before, it was a good experience. I'd not probably going back there anytime soon.
I wish I wrote this as soon as the dinner ended to remember all twenty five dishes. I loved the seafood heavy menu and the desserts were excellent. We started with a warm squash soup with orange and it was a perfect way to start, since it was chilly outside. Some memorable dishes included the lobster, the seafood soup, the clam, the oyster, the tuna and the all of the desserts. It took about 6 weeks to get a reservation for the birthday weekend for my girlfriend and it was well worth the wait (on the phone and for reservation). Thank you for the excellent service and emails with the details. There was a birthday at every seating. Pretty funny. The seating on Saturday started at 7PM and then we started at 7:45PM, then 10PM and the last one at 10:45PM. Worth the experience. Next stop Le Bernardin for more seafood delight.
NOT WORTH IT!!  The nutshell version: $1,000 for sushi and 2 glasses of wine. Food: Its $570 before you walk in ($225 pp + tax and 20% gratuity) You do not get a menu and G-d forbid you make a note or try to use your phone to take a photo. It was 27 bites with the first 18 being raw fish. The 18 bites were actually great but the rest of the meal was only ok. Wine: The wine pairing was $150 for 6 glasses pp and the pours were 2oz- they were tasting pours not real pours. This was probably the biggest rip-off. If you go, and I suggest you don't, buy a bottle of the Vouvray. Service: HORRIBLE! I could have lived with the $$$ price tag had the attitude been better. It was not just unprofessional but outright rude. And not just a little, but shockingly rude. Could this be why they get their tip ahead of time? Atmosphere: You are in a kitchen, on a stool at a mental counter (in a dicey neighborhood to boot). I wouldn't have minded so much as I have done chef tables before, but usually the chefs will talk to you and tell you what they are doing which makes for an intimate and instructional experience. Apparently this chef forbids talking so the the chefs have their backs to you and don't make a sound. I paid $1,000 to indulge this chef's inflated ego, follow his silly rules, get treated like crap and walk out cold sober. For the exact same amount, go to Per Se which has an unparrelled menu, gorgeous view and atmosphere, amazing service and hospitality. Or for a dining experience similar to Brooklyn Fare (actually in the kitchen) but so much better in every way and much less expensive try SD26.
This place is amazing. PROS: Truly unique flavor combinations. Amazing setup, wherein you are seated around the kitchen and can watch the dishes being prepared. Limited seating, which lends itself to a convivial atmosphere... BYOB, to help mitigate the dent on your finances. NO CONS...but be aware: The way the seats are set up, you really can't converse with more than one person at a time.  So you can't, say, go with a group of friends and expect to all talk. That said, good luck getting a reservation!
I need to go play the lottery. Somehow we found ourselves here last night for dinner. Again. We got lucky with having a friend with a reservation who couldn't make it. Darn. So, a week later we got to go back. The menu a week later was fairly similar but you could tell that things were being tweaked and improved. The little canapés were all delicious (the little dish with the pile of truffles on it.... omigod). The five or six courses were, honestly, better than the week before. Cesar and his team are awesome. This place is brilliant.
We went here 2 nights ago after waiting about 10 weeks for our reservation. This dining experience is nothing short of brilliant. The space is non descript - white tiles and stainless steel but somehow the ambiance ends up being delightful given how small and intimate it is. Watching the food being prepared is fun and the every dish put in front of us was a gastronomic explosion. Almost every dish was a fish dish - 1 meat entree only. My favorites were the canapes: squash and yogurt soup, Toro dish, Oyster dish (less fond of langostine and sea urchin). I cant wait to go back.
Probably the second best meal of my life after Alinea.  Exquisite atmosphere and some of the most impressive fish preparations you can imagine.  Only downside is that you share the communal table with the worst sort of boorish New York finance types.
I don't give very many 5 star reviews. Most places I like a lot and will happily come back to get 4 stars. Bluntly, this tasting was the best food I have had anywhere at anytime in my life. I could go into the amazing quality of the ingredients (they serve the best sea urchin I have ever had in the world) or the nuanced combinations of French and Japanese sensibilities, but I think many people here have posted about that already. The complaints against this restaurant are straightforward and unimportant if you are a gourmand hunting for truly great meals (the difficulty in procuring a reservation, the cost). My tasting was 27 courses, yours *will* be different. The thing that sealed the 5th star for me was the food, but what put it over the top (if only I could give bonus stars) was spending the better part of my meal talking with the chef. By the end I understood what motivates him in depth and that (as an ex-chef) made the experience feel incredibly personal in a way the say Eleven Madison Park (also excellent) still feels detached.
Absolutely delicious.  Every dish.  And the ambiance is fantastic.  Definitely worth it. BYOW would have been very nice but is no longer available.  This doesn't detract from me giving 5 stars, but does affect my financial decision for how often I want to return.
One of the best meals of my life!!!! Chef Caesar Ramirez is truly a genius! Every dish was well thought out, clean but complex. We did the four glass wine pairing which came out to an additional $90 per person but was sooo worth it. They kept refilling our glasses so we always had something to sip on throughout the night. Highly recommend. Expensive meal, but if you're a food lover, trust me, you won't regret it.
They are very serious about their dress code. BF thought he can get away w wearing a pair of nice jeans. Nope! He had to Macy's to buy a pair of pants. Food was good, services was great, the whole experience was not worth $1300 for 2. Disappointed...thought I was going to get a food orgasm...Boooooooooo!!!!!!!!
By far the best meal I've ever had. Totally worth the price and the effort to get the reservation. Every dish was inventive, interesting, and delicious. Priceless.
We went there for our wedding anniversary.  Its definitely pricey -- be prepared to spend just under a G here for the food and wine.  We didn't do a wine pairing, but just got glasses on the side.  The dishes are beautifully presented and are all generally one biters.   It was hard to get a reservation here, we had to call exactly one month in advance starting at 10am -- hubs and I had two phones going on autodial.  we finally got through after about 40 minutes...
TL;DR: Make a reservation, go and see for yourself what the fuss is all about. Came here a second time and was blown away again.  Usually there is some regression the more you visit a place, particularly one with a set tasting menu, but this is the one delicious exception to the rule.  I was awed when Chef Ramirez even personally served a number of dishes after recalling my previous visit nearly a year earlier.
(1) Every member of the team, from Chef Ramirez to the FOH crew were considerate, warm, and on point. (2) The meal is luxurious, to say the least. Everyone should have a piece of brioche slathered in the finest Hokkaido uni, and topped with a piece of black truffle at least once in their lifetime. A Japanese rice with bonito butter was generously covered with white truffles, accompanied by the oohs and ahhs of my fellow diners. Royal Osetra Caviar was lavishly placed in covered small covered bowls and smoked with applewood on the spot. The parade of fish (several which I had never heard of) that started the meal was one "pop" after another. Lest I forget to mention the shiso sorbet, flecked with edible gold leaf. And I have to mention, the china alone is worth the journey. (3) A once in a lifetime trip. And yes, it was worth the 45 minutes of redialing. (4) Chef Ramirez has my undying admiration and respect. Such talent and craft is exceptional.Chef's Table exceeded my expections and will leave me with fond memories for years to come.
THIS is what a real meal tastes like. I have never fallen in love with flavors like this before. It was love at first bite. From the fish flown in from Japan, to the sea urchin and wine to cleanse our palate - we did it right! This meal is well worth it. GO!
