I went on the "Hike with Adoptable Dogs" tour a month or two ago and had the best time. Great fun for both the people and shelter dogs who got to roam around in the woods for the day! Next on my list is the Midnight Hike and Swim. Can't wait!
I went with three of my friends on one of Discover Outdoors' snowshoeing trips this past weekend and had a great time! We had originally signed up for the Canopus Lake trip, but due to lack of good snow, our location got moved to Minnewaska State Park Preserve instead. Our pickup location was at Union Square (right outside Starbucks, Panera, Au Bon Pain, and near Whole Foods - convenient for grabbing breakfast!), and after everyone in our group arrived promptly at the check-in time, we were on our way. Our guides, Evan and Lauren, were super friendly and helpful. They led us on two trails in the park, and we covered all kinds of ground - through the woods, along a river, and up to the top of a ridge. Snowshoeing itself isn't too hard - it's basically hiking through snow, so as long as you're reasonably fit you can do it. The toughest part of our hike was probably going up a giant hill, but at the top we got to see Lake Awosting all frozen over, which was pretty awesome. The trip was a bit pricy, but it included transportation and all the snowshoes, so it was really convenient. Some tips if you're planning to go snowshoeing: - Wear thin layers - you will get really warm and sweaty while hiking. - Be prepared to either 1) pee in the woods, 2) use a port-a-potty (which I didn't use, but other people said was really disgusting), or 3) hold it until the van stops at a rest stop. - Bring extra socks and shoes! You can leave them in the van while you're out hiking. I wish I'd done this because despite wearing snow boots, my socks somehow still got soaking wet, and it was really uncomfortable on the two-hour ride back.
I went on the horseback riding/wine tasting trip with Discover Outdoors for the first time. I must say that I will be taking more trips with them in the future. It is so convenient for city dwellers like myself to have transportation provided via the Discover Outdoors van with pickup and drop off right in the city. The guides are very informative and make the trips go smoothly.
I do not have a car but I love to go hiking and this where Discover Outdoors excels. I've been looking at D.O's many trips and one in particular caught my eye: Hike & Adopt-a-Hound. For someone who loves dogs, helping out shelter and hiking, it was perfect for my best friend and I! I love that this program gives you the opportunity to hang out with shelter pups, give them a chance to get out their energy all day and enjoy the outdoors. Our destination was Pine Meadow Lake in Meadow Lake and it was a great day out with a trail that was easy to do. Our guide, Evan, was funny, friendly and knowledgeable. I'm looking forward to my next trip with them!
I recently went on the whitewater rafting excursion to Lehigh Valley and had THE BEST time! Our guide was fantastic, transportation was flawless, and the whole experience was better than I could have even expected. If you have any doubts about booking a day trip, don't! Get out there.. get going! Discovery Outdoors will take care of you and ensure you get more than what you pay for! Great memories + great trips + great guides = one fabulous day! Thanks!
LUVVVVV!!! they're amazin!!!  yelprs book ur trips, u won't regret it! been to a couple of trips w/ them & had a lot of fun! & Horraaaay! for the included transportation! (like yeah, cuz us awsome new yorkers don't care much bout cars!) haha the guides have been supr nice & helpful -my 1st trip was whitewater rafting. supr fun, and we got a cute lunch in a baggie, like you're in school :D -2nd trip was cancelled because of weather, but got credited on my account. then i went ziplining & loved it, but would've been more fun if we had ziplined also from the longer line. but kool trip as well. oh! AND my MAJOR suggestion is to have more adventurous trips. most of them are hike this, hike that, hike w/ ur dog & have some wine... i'm not much of a hiker, i'm an action person :D but whatevs... soon going canyoneering, so stay tuned :)
LOVE!  I have been on several trips and each has been better than the other.  All of the guides have been motivating, caring and helpful throughout the day.  Easy meeting locations and a great fun way to spend the day outdoors.  Make sure you read the level of intensity before signing up.  Some of their hikes can be challenging.
As a first-time hiker, I was slightly apprehensive about what to expect, but after reading all the positive feedback on OBA, I decided to take a leap of faith and book a day trip hike to Surprise Lake, not only as an intro to hiking for myself, but as a birthday gift for my boyfriend.  Let me tell you, this experience will be hard to top!   Every aspect of our adventure went without a hitch, and we had such a fantastic time.  I could not have been in better hands, with our guides David G. and Ali who were not only professional, but extremely knowledgeable, funny, and genuinely nice people.  They worked so well as a unit, and everyone in the group seemed to have thoroughly enjoyed themselves.  I really appreciated that the pace was moderate -- not at a snail's pace, nor too brisk -- it was challenging in all the right ways, and I did not feel at all as though we were being handled with kid gloves, instead, we were allowed a truly authentic experience of being out in nature.  We met a lot of cool people and just had a total blast, all while enjoying a workout and taking in views of the splendid Bearfort Mountain, Surprise Lake landscapes, and parts of the Appalachian Trail.   Outdoor Bound Adventures -- thank you for bringing me one step closer to the wild.  Loved it!!
Inner city life. Inner city pressure. The concrete world is starting to get ya. It's not just a Flight of the Conchords song. If you stay in your weekly routines long enough and never leave the city you're gonna go a little crazy and forget what ordinary life is like. You start accepting things like: - A breeze smelling of warm, stifling garbage and food carts that seems to come out of nowhere. - The lazy, thick haze of heat and exhaust in the air on a 95 degree day. Where's that garbage stank breeze when you need it? - That big puddle of brown liquid on the street corner that NEVER dries even though it hasn't rained in a month. - The sweaty guy outside your apartment chewing his own hat while mumbling passages from the bible to himself. Time to get out! These guys do a great job of whisking you away for a day or more where there is not a single sidewalk or puddle or hat-eating man to be found. Our hike around Canopus lake went off without a hitch and they delivered on pretty much every point from our departure time to the amount of water we'd need. Our guide was friendly, organized, very prepared and told some good stories along the way from what kind of supplies you really do need to hiking the Appalachian trail (look it up. It's a loooooooong trip) to garbage collection during the mobster days. Our group was made up of a lot of different kinds of people from different walks of life and with different levels of experience in hiking so it's also a great way to meet new people while doing something challenging and fun. The pace was good and there are breaks every now and then to let everyone catch up or to just cool down for five minutes. Next time I'm bringing more water. They recommend a minimum of two liters for this hike but I sweat a lot and found myself rationing the last half liter more than I wanted. The guide has extra water just in case but it's good sense to bring plenty for yourself and not rely on someone else's.
I looked at the $59 trip cost (it's $39 after you've gone once, but they tack on the extra $20 for the orientation) for two hours inside an indoor climbing gym with a mandatory "beginner's lesson" and pint of beer afterwards with a little bit of trepidation at first, but figured why not? Well, close to 24 hours later, I can say it was well worth the cost...even if my fingers are rebelling against my desire to type because it's been about three years since I've asked them to cling to random bits and pieces as I climb vertically and even upside down! This is the first Outdoor Bound event that I've done, and I whole-heartedly approve! Thanks to Outdoor Bound I've found a) an indoor climbing gym that I enjoy and while, admittedly, I can go on my own for cheaper, I would never have found it without Outdoor Bound, b) a pretty nice pub in the wasteland of 10th avenue in midtown that I would never have found without Outdoor Bound, and c) a company with some pretty cool staff and plenty of opportunities to try new things. Overall, I approve big time. I'd like to try one of their outdoor/overnight trips to really get a taste of what they have to offer.
My dear fellow yelpers, you must try them out. I want to be selfish and not share with anyone my experience with Discover Outdoors but I can't. I just can't. People deserve to know that there's so much more to be discovered in New York. If you are bored out of your mind with touristy activities (museums, strolls in Central park, Broadway, Time Square, and more museums) then you have found your new best friend! Trust me, it's good to "getaway" from the madness of New York City. Do something fun, and active. All of their activities are engaging, so it's perfect for lovers, parents and children, siblings, best friends, roommates, or whoever that's down. Check out their calendar. Everything is organized, with prices, dates, what to expect, and when each trip will take place. They offer; kayaking and wine tasting, horseback riding, white-water rafting, photography class, hikes- in many places that I didn't even know existed! I don't want to give away so much. I just want you all to check them out. It is worth your time. My sister and I went this past Saturday to their White-water rafting trip in PA. AMAZING. We had so much fun. Marcus, our guide was incredible. He was funny, friendly, knowledgeable, and kept the whole team together! Love him! We met the group in front of Starbucks, the van arrived at around 7:30am, the van itself fits about 12 passengers, not very comfortable, had AC. The ride was went smoothly, it was about a two and a half hour drive from NYC. The sign in process was quick, then the fun began! All 9 miles of it! It was exhausting but definitely worth the money. Loved that transportation is included, so no need to rent cars, fight over whose driving. We were taken cared of. Lunch was also included. Don't expect anything gourmet, just sandwiches, chips, cookies, and water/soda. Like I said, if you want to get the hell of NYC, for a breath of fresh air, Discover Outdoors is your new best friend. GO!
Outdoor Bound Adventures is designed for people living in Metropolis who need to get a slice of Smallville. I found them on Groupon and decided to give it a whirl. I signed us up for the surfing outing. The preceding Friday, I received an email from them telling me how to get there, when to leave and what to bring. We followed the instructions to the letter and they worked like a charm. Our instructors were there to meet us and gave us a great lesson. We took to the water and fought the mighty sea. It gave me a flashback to that George Costanza quote; "The sea was angry my friends, like an old man in a deli trying to send back soup." We're definitely going back for more surfing. We're definitely going back for more Outdoor Bound Adventures. We left in a very Clark Kent frame of mind and came back Superman. No phone booth necessary.
Outdoor Bound is awesome! I have been on a number of hikes with ODB from the Catskills to Peru.  Connie and Kirk prep you well for the treks, which was great for a neophyte hiker like me.  The guides have all been knowledgeable and have made me feel well-taken-care-of.  They are all EMTs and are proactive with a moleskin patch so you emerge from your hike blister-free! The local hikes are a great way to kick your own ass while connecting with nature in the beautiful Catskills.  If you want to look great in a short dress, I recommend the Breakneck Ridge hike.   My trip to Peru was absolutely amazing.  ODB partnered with local guides to create a hiking experience that was profound, replete with breathtaking views and gourmet meals.  We avoided the populous Inca Trail and had the Andes all to ourselves.  All told, this was one of the coolest trips I've taken.
I finally got around to trying out one of OBA's outings, specifically the indoor rock climbing. Shea D. and I met with our group (led by Kirk and another guy who's name escapes me) at the Manhattan Plaza Health Club's climbing gym (see review for that). Both guys were really cool and friendly and seemed to enjoy hanging out with us, even though most of the people there were beginners (no frustration, impatience, etc). After the climbing excursion, we all retired to The Pony Bar for a free pint of beer. Shea and I were so starved and exhausted that we only stayed for the free drink, yet we still met some cool people and chatted for a while. This is definitely the thing to do for active city folk aching for adventure. I was unsure of the type of people who would show up at first. Would they be experts in whatever we were doing? Would I feel left out? Nope! Everyone there were just normal folks looking to try something new and exciting! I will definitely be taking part in the summer hikes/climbs/rafts/etc/etc/etc! Be sure to reserve your spots in advance though! Our climbing adventure did sell out!
So for most people, taking a vacation in the great state of New York means skyscrapers, taxis, central park, times square, 30 rock, empire state, pizza, etc,... So who would have thought that one of the best hiking experiences in my life would happen after taking a van from the big city into the Appalachian trail? I am fortunate that I live in a part of Southern California that is abundant in its own variety of hiking areas. But just like anything else, it can get old after a while. People think that Runyon Canyon is really getting "out there." But no, I crave more remote areas of excitement. The flora and fauna of New York/New Jersey is so different than what I am used to back home. After meeting up with our guides (who were wonderful) and group, we took a van straight into the heart of wilderness. Encircled by beautiful lakes and gorgeous countryside, we scrambled up rocks, hopped over streams and climbed mountains to admire the view. We took breaks to refuel, take pictures and discuss the history of the Appalachian trail, the different kinds of wildlife we saw and the numerous plants that are native to the area. The trails out here seemed like it offered more adventure. Trails were not as clearly paved through, but there are different colored indicators to let you know where you were going. If you are even considering taking a trip with Outdoor Bound, stop considering it and sign up. You won't be disappointed! We did the Surprise Lake Hike, and while it was too cold to really take a dip, the option is there. And also don't worry if you are worried about how "in shape" you are or the fitness of the group - they cater to different pacing to ensure everyone has a great time. Honestly, one of the best experiences in my life.
I give this outfit a 3 overall though the actual hike I went on falls below that. Pros - organized and detailed website with good descriptions of the trips and intensity scale/rating.  Booking and confirmation process easy and organized. Great variety of trips.  Prices are competitive to what I have seen through other companies. Now the actual day hike I went on wasn't as enjoyable as I had expected after reading the great reviews.  The whole day seemed very rushed, rushed along the trail, rushed through the lunch break, rushed back.  I didn't expect a complete leisurely stroll, and I did want something heart rate elevating, but I also expect to be able to enjoy being outside and to take in the scenery (this was a casual, beginner level hike, level 2).  Afterall, that's half the reason this rat left the box (aka gym).  Also, there were a couple of people that were struggling to keep up with the pace (which was obvious to everyone including the guide), and I felt bad for them.  On the plus side, the other hikers I met on the trip were nice and it was a pleasant group to actually go with. This being just one trip perhaps it was just an off day, but it was disappointing nonetheless.
Quick & Dirty: This is the best way to get out of the city for a day if you are active but don't have your own car. I hiked with Discovery Outdoors and though our trip was scheduled as 7 miles of moderate/challenging terrain, our guides (Dan & Marc) let us extend the route a few extra miles. They carried extra water, stopped to treat blisters and even brought my fave: dried mango. At lunch we all stripped down and cliff-jumped into a lake which was some of the most outdoors fun I've ever had in NY. The only thing that would have improved the experience is if I had the forethought to bring a bottle of wine for the ride home. Dan & Marc are the greatest! Promote these guys!!
Went ice climbing today w this group. Phenomenal experience. Best outdoors club in the city!
Just returned from an OBA hiking excursion last weekend to Indian Head mountain, in the Catskills.  It was an amazing day of breathtaking views, scrambling over rocks, and colorful anecdotes from our avid-hiker-guide, Joe.  Here's the scoop: Distance: ~6 miles Hike time: ~4 hours Pace: Challenging.  If you're not comfortable scaling medium sized rocks at a brisk pace or making steep ascents in elevation, pick another hike. Are you in good hands:  Absolutely.  To give you a sense, our guide, Joe, was a through hiker whose last hike lasted six months on a trail from Mexico to Canada.  (Read: rest assured your guide knows Exactly what he's doing)  He was able to safely guide us through the rougher parts of the trail. Lunch: Joe led us to a rocky outcropping at the very top of Indian Head mountain.  It was a perfect lunch spot where we could rest and soak in the views. Group: About 15 people, mostly couples with ~3 singles.  Some were very experienced hikers set on scaling Mt. Denali, whose typical workout consisted of going up and down the stairs of their 50-story building for 2 hours (!!).  Others were average-fitness level NYCers like me. Overall experience: Amazing.  $60 is a steal for such a well-organized expedition that was on time both leaving and arriving back into NYC, and delivered on the promise of breathtaking views and a great workout.
We came out of the trail breathing heavily with big grins on our face. As we made it to the end, our guide gave us all high fives for such an accomplishment. That's how Outdoor Bound made us feel after our hike at Shawangunks. It was a 6 mile hike - part of the hike was a pleasant brisk stroll while other parts were challenging as in hiking through ice patches or rocky terrain. This is not a hike for the weak; be forewarned. Our hike ended up being 6 hours with rest stops and lunch. It was a great hike to meet various people coming from different backgrounds all for a similar cause! Afterwards, we warmed up with a whiskey tour & tasting of Hudson Valley whiskey. A great day event out of the city with transportation paid for etc. I'm definitely looking to  bring my boyfriend for another outdoor bound day trip! Also, the customer service is awesome, very responsive,  and accomodating. Our original trip got cancelled due to lack of snow (argh east coast weather) and they were able to put us in another trip that they didn't originally list out as an option.
If you need a day of adventure, outside the city Outdoor Bound is the way to go. I just did a hike/apple & pumpkin picking with OB and had a great time. I made the reservation on-line, the day before the event I got a reminder email & contact information for the guide. They have various meeting spots, for my adventure it was at 73rd & Broadway, close to the 1,2,3 train. It was about an hour drive from NYC to the trail head. The guide (Evan) was friendly, professional and very knowledgeable about the outdoors. We did the hike at a very good, steady pace. We had short breaks every once in a while, which was great to enjoy the views and take a few pics. The apple/pumpkin picking was OK, not much of a selection with the pumpkins but plenty with the apples. The best part of the apple/pumpkin picking was the apple cider donuts at the farm's market. Overall a good experience. The prices are a little high, but it's worth it if you prefer to sit back, relax and let someone else make all the planning & driving.
Great/fun trips, experienced and safety-minded guides, easy going participants, well planned out logistics... Outdoor Bound is definitely one of the best adventure services in the city, well ahead of its competitors (trust me, I've been with a few and have lots to say about those).   The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because a lot of the hiking trips are too easy for me, but that's a personal preference.  I like tough, exercise-heavy hikes, but many under-fit people show up, slowing the whole group down.  Because guides on these trips are safety oriented, they are not willing to break up the group (which I totally agree with).  I do wish they had some super hard trips that filtered out the slow folks.   Anyway, if you are thinking about adventure day trips out of the city, Outdoor Bound is the group you should go to.  It'll be fun, affordable, and safe with experienced/reliable guides (you certainly won't come back with a broken limbs/necks).
My friend and I did the Outdoor Bound Kaaterskill Falls hike in June through a groupon deal (for whatever reason, this was a little embarrassing for both of us). The trip was very well organized, and if you feel like chatting with the guides, they'll tell you more about the area and things like fracking. The hike itself was easier than I expected, and there were frequent stops. It also poured, which could have really soured our experience. Everyone was really happy to be outside, and it was a pretty great day. Now, if you have tons of friends in the city with a car that really want to go on hiking trips, then shelling out $60 to go on a walk might not be all that necessary. For the rest of us, this is a really good company that I'll look forward to using again.
Please be very sure to NOT get sick or have any unforeseen emergency when you sign up and pay $145 for a trip that you can't make in the last 24hrs.  You will NOT get a refund or credit if you have a last minute issue.  This was my first time signing up for any activity with this company and it is certainly my last!!!  I woke up yesterday 5/19 morning with a sore throat, runny eyes, nose and sneezing...suffering from severe allergies.  I just couldn't make it to go horseback riding and wine tasting in that state. I called the guide of the day and he advised me to call the office the next morning.   I spoke with the organizer and the manager in the office who both insisted that they understand my situation, but they still cannot give me a credit because people get sick all the time and it is the same as missing a baseball game. As a first time customer, I find this appalling!  I know it is NOT the same, they have these trips all the time and I am sure that they could have exceptions for a first time customer at their discretion. It is not as if I canceled because I just didn't feel like attending.  I worked very hard for that $145 and they seem to have no regard because they are enforcing their cancellation policy at whatever cost to the customer. There is something definitely wrong here, and I will NEVER sign up for anything with them and will certainly advise anyone who can't afford to lose their money to not do so either.
I went on a ~6mi hike with Outdoor Bound on Saturday, January 22, 2011, to Highpoint in the Catskills, a ~1500 ft ascent. The climb was tough, but I managed to keep up (with slight heavy breathing). Our guide let us "slide down" the slopes, so to speak, when we descended. That was so much fun! It made the climb worth it! Great day, great experience, and very knowledgeable and dedicated guide, Tom.
This is for the outdoor bound photography walk only: I bought a deal for the Central Park advanced photography walk through LivingSocial.  The instructor was decent and provided some tips that were helpful.  However, there wasn't as much instruction as I expected based upon the advertising.  We learned maybe 3 things (what is aperture, metering, and something else that now escapes me)- none of which rocked my world or really improved my photography.  We also didn't have very much time to take photos.  Finally, I was expecting a nice little walk through Central Park.  There really wasn't much of a "walk" at all- maybe a half mile of walking at most- much of which wasn't even spent in the more picturesque parts of the park.
Love Discover Outdoors! They are my new BFFs.  Did I really just say that? lol!      I am now getting into my "mountaineer" phase after being a kick boxer (competitive), roller blader, fierce city street biker and all around fitness diva.  To get the ball rolling I went to their site, chose a hike and started training.  Went and did the thing only to discover, DAMN, hiking is MUCH more strenuous than I thought!! :O  Respect!      But, back to Discover Outdoors.... this is a great outfit and company for the city person looking to get out into some fresh, mountain air and scale a few peaks or two.  They make it so easy - you don't even have to have your own transportation.  They pick you up in a van with a cool as hell driver and hike guide, take you there, guide you through the event and then, bring you right back to the city.  What?  No need for highway maps, gas, parking and money for tolls?  No need to rent a car?  What the hizzy?  Damn.  I am in love!      My first hike was to a place in New Jersey named Surprise Lake.  We ascended about 900 ft up to some pretty marvelous views, and then settled in at the lake for lunch.  Was a good, strenuous, heart rate raising time!  Our guide Lucas was also pretty cool.  I will do more hikes with them as I develop myself into a top notch, kick ass and take no prisoners, mountain climbing, horseback riding, rock climbing, kayaking, rafting, camping and whatever the heck else there is to do in the great outdoors phenom.  Yeah, because they have all that other stuff too.  They also feature classes that you can take in Central Park to train and prepare yourself for outdoors all terrain fitness.  COOL!  I'm doing my first wall climbing class with them this week, and I'm PSYCHED!  Eventually, I will go with them to do some rock climbing for real.      What else can i say?  If you want to get out of the city and get yourself into some outdoors adventures easily, check them out.  And they have TONS of events to choose from, even some where you can take your dog (all you dog people who can't bear to part with your pooch even long enough to go to a diner).  Discover Outdoors is what's up! :)
I went to Mt.Defiance with them. Excellent organization. IT was a fairly big group but we still managed to have fun and not get lost! the guide was very knowledgeable. I am going to go on their 3 day- hiking kayaking camping trip. Hope it is going to be a good experience :) I have to upgrade my review. If I have to give them 10 stars I would. Garan and Lucas were our guides for the 3 day canoeing, hiking, camping weekend in Adirondacks. They were beyond excellent. 3 course dinner, fresh fruits and excellent breakfast, fantastic sense of humor and never ran out of stories to entertain us plus guided us patiently and very well. Our group was 11 including the guides, and we had simply the best time.
Great customer service! I was scheduling an adventure for me and a +1 through the website.  The website is great--has a lot of options, is organized in a user friendly way, great search functionality, etc., but I was having a little trouble using some vouchers..  I called and the person who picked up was very friendly, very informed,  and very helpful--had my reservation set in no time.  I was told I'd be contacted the Friday before my zip-lining trip (Sunday). I got the email as promised late Friday morning.  I already knew the basic schedule and locations, but they sent us that information plus who our tour guide was, what exactly to bring, what to be prepared for, etc. Unfortunately, the trip had to be canceled due to the forecast changing to have certain thunderstorms on Sunday, but I got an email pretty much as soon as the forecast changed Saturday afternoon.  They also informed me of my options (I could reschedule or get credit for another adventure).  I chose the second option, and even though I had some questions and had to set up a rewards account, it took no more than 20 minutes to have it resolved and credit in my account.  The email responses were very speedy, and the overall exchange was friendly, professional, and to the point. So, not to be misleading, I haven't even gone on one of their adventures yet, but I am already giving them a 5 star rating because of their fantastic customer service.  All the contact that I had with this company has been pleasant and exactly what I needed. I'll update when I actually get to go on an adventure!
Having worked for OutdoorBound for over 4 years, I am obviously a bit biased, however they are hands down one of the best companies I have ever worked with. From the variety of trips that we offer to the professionalism and training of the guides, I have not seen another outfitter in the area that even comes close to what we have to offer. Check us out and you wont be disappointed!
My bf & I went on a day trip with Outdoor Bound lead by Simon this past weekend. What a refreshing experience!  I am usually not too athletic/outdoorsy but decided to try something out of my comfort zone. First outdoors experience: rock climbing. You know what they say, go big or go home.   Everything was great - organized, safe and an overall fun environment. All of the equipment was provided along with detailed instructions for beginners like myself. Experienced climbers had options of more advanced routes so no one felt out of place. Overall, the trip was awesome. Going on a day trip with Outdoor Bound felt like going with a group of friends. Plus, I climbed an effing mountain. Would highly recommend!
Outdoor Bound Adventures is extremely organized and professional.  The guides are very knowledgeable and friendly.  The guides do a great job of integrating people who come alone with the rest of the group.   The Outdoor Bound website is very informative.  Trips are explained in detail and each trip has a corresponding difficulty level.  If you have additional questions about the trips, you can email the office.  The office staff at Outdoor Bound is very responsive to emails and you should hear back that day (at least, whenever I email them, I get same day responses). I've taken several trips with Outdoor Bound (Central Park Hike, Midnight Hike, Kayaking etc.).  I had absolutely zero complaints with these trips.  I recommend Outdoor Bound Aventures to all of my friends.   If you want to take a fun day trip out of the city, Outdoor Bound is the organization for you.
My girlfriends and I had an awesome day with Outdoor Bound Adventures.  We purchased a deal with them for a day of horseback riding and wine tasting.  So worth the price and whats better than getting driven around to and from a wine tasting?  You get to relax and have a great time.  We got to horseback ride for over two hours and Outdoor Bound organized everything for us.  All we had to do was sign a release form when we met them for the van.  They drove us to the stables in NJ. The horseback riding place had us sign a release of their own and then they matched us up to our horses and off we went.  We had a great time. I highly recommend going in the fall.  The leaves were beautiful and it wasn't too humid or cold.  It was the perfect day!  The vineyard we went to is in NY (right over the NJ border) was tucked away and not where you would expect it. But it had great wines, ciders, apple cider donuts and terrific food!  The staff there was extremely knowledgeable and friendly too! Our guide for the day was Lauren and she was such a sweetheart.  I will definitely be going on another adventure with them soon!
Discover Outdoors organizes outdoor jaunts that would probably interest most people who don't drive, car-less but still would like to go out of the 5 boroughs. It's very convenient, a very thorough and detailed website - all you have to do is decide on a date, pay and commit. I signed up for the midnight hike. The location was only an hour away from the city (which meant more hiking, less travel time), the hike was short and easy, perfect for a once-a-year hiker like me, pick-up drop-off location was Union Square - very accessible. Overall a great experience.
I've been involved with ODB since 2007 and have absolutely loved every minute.  The ODB staff is knowledgeable, welcoming and, overall, make an amazing outdoor adventure team. The day trips are a perfect source of "getaway" that one needs to get a little break from the hustle and bustle of the big city.   I love the variety of activities this company offers and have created long lasting friendships from each expedition.   I'm glad there's finally a place I can join where no matter who you are, you are always welcomed. Sign up, you'll see! :)
We had a ball hiking with the dogs! However it was a long walk, quite briskly, I must say.  I would definitely recommend a trail with a lot less rocks for the dogs and human feet :)
Great opportunity to get out of the city and get some fresh air. I did the hike followed by the brewery tour... in other words, I hiked for beer. (Great combo, by the way.) For the most part, the Appalachian trail is pretty steady. However, some areas can be challenging when the rocks are covered with lots of leaves. I should know because I slipped downhill, but was totally fine. Just a warning to watch your footing! (If you have hiking shoes and packs, bring them.) Will do it again.
Nicely organized trip-- wish I had found a Groupon for them though like Chris C, because it was a bit pricey.. totally worth the day of horseback riding/wine tasting in Hudson Valley, though!
I've done many day hikes with Outdoor Bound and will continue to do many more.  All of the guides are super knowledgeable and nice.  I felt like I was in good hands every time I did a hike which I did not feel when I went with another company called Dynamic Outdoors.  The guides make sure you are safe and have fun while on their trips.  It is a great way to get out of the city and experience nature.  Overall, I highly recommend doing trips with Outdoor Bound!
I cannot tell you how exceedingly happy I was about this day out.  Nancy, our guide, was a large part of that!   She is thoughtful, considerate, and knowledgeable.  She took time to interact with every individual in a way that was subtle and not over-bearing.  I was especially impressed that she took notice of my interest to learn more, and took time to sit down with me and go over the map details and our route.   At the end of the day, she gave me great recommendations for learning and for more trips attuned to my interests. The hike itself was the perfect re-introduction for me, as I must get my land-legs (sea-legs) back in gear.  It was well-organized.  Pick-up/drop-off was smooth.  I appreciated that we stopped for restrooms before and after the trip.  As an added surprise, our rest stop on the way back was a sweet shop, in which I was able to get a cookie treat for the ride home. Bravo Discover Outdoors!  Seems like I'll be seeing a lot of you in the future!
I went on the hike to Mt. Defiance on Saturday March 26, it was great! It's not my first hike with outdoorbound & I brought a friend. We had a great time. The hike had a very nice scenic trail, was about 8 miles, medium intensity.
Just GO ! :-)  So far i went on only one hike, and it was great !  Guides were awesome, lots of fun ! Make sure you check the intensity level, some trip require people to be very fit, Cant wait to go on another outdoorbound tour again!
Went on my first Outdoor Bound hike with a friend, intensity level 3-4, called Russian Bear in Harriman State Park, and for someone of average build and fitness who has been MIA from the gym for a long while (much less not hiked in years and years)- this hike was just the swift kick in the arse that my body was craving, all the while finding camaraderie among new faces and being invigorated by the " collective effort", and experiencing the Gloriousness that is the natural landscape, which is really not available in NYC (let's stop lying to ourselves people! Central Park is contained and filled with more human wildlife than anything else!)   Our guide was fastidious about following our trail, was accessible to participants of differing levels of experience but  he also maintained the perfect distance to allow each hiker to : scramble, strategize, reach, grasp, slip, half-jog, chit chat in abated breath, become reacquainted with muscles that had long been in hibernation, and smile to themselves at the beauty of the ridges, rocks and streams, all on his or her own. The price of these adventures makes it hard to make it a weekly thing (a dream!), but    I think the price is reasonable considering the purpose of the service:  based on the fact that the location is chosen, a guide is provided, the ride is taken care of, and all of it can happen within a 12 hour span, really leaves you with NO other excuses not to stop talking about how nice it would be to "get out of New York City and feel human again" and just pay and show up. Fast Fashion, Fast Food, and FAST NATURE. Yes, America. Yes .
I've been on five different trips with Outdoor Bound and had a phenomenal time on each of them.  I'm not a hiking newbie. I'm plenty willing to organize friends and use public transportation to go on hikes, but there are only so many times that my friends want to go in any given season, and public transportation doesn't go everywhere that I want to.  So I use Outdoor Bound as a convenient way to hit the trails and meet some great people.   I recently did a weekend snowshoeing trip with guides Dann and Nancy where we built snow caves and slept in them in the white mountains of New Hampshire.  I love that our fantastic guides made building our snow caves (which were like igloos only excavated from a mound of packed snow rather than built up with blocks of ice) and sleeping in them seem not only doable but also somewhat normal.  I suspect the same goes for ice climbing or night hiking or all the other out-of-your-comfort-zone activities that you can challenge yourself with through Outdoor Bound.  You're in such good hands that you don't feel crazy for doing it. P.S. I have no idea why the Yelp address for them is in the Financial District.  Most of their trips leave from 72nd and Broadway.  I would love it if they'd add a Brooklyn pick-up.
My husband and I did a hike to Surprise Lake in NJ with OBA over the July 4th weekend.  We met our guides on the Upper West Side, and took a van with 12 or so other people up to the hike start. The trail itself was really fun - some gorgeous views, some scrambling, some ascent, and mostly shaded and pretty cool for a 85 degree day.   The lake itself was great, and our pre-lunch swim was great!  The guides, Kirk and Brandon were great as well, really low key, but helpful, and sharing interesting factoids with us along the way. Perhaps the thing that we were happiest about was that our dog got to come even tho it was not planned (dog sitter fell thru at the last minute).  Kirk was really nice about letting us bring him after making sure the rest of the group was ok with it. I'd highly recommend a trek with these guys!
Outdoor Bound delivers what they promise. A chance to leave the intensity and density behind you for a day and recharge. You will be thrilled that you did.  You don't have to think about anything but "having a good time" because you will!
I was so glad to have discovered Discover Outdoors. I signed up for one of their hiking trips to celebrate my dad's birthday and it was really great. They had us meet up in a super convenient location (Union Square) and the guide was very friendly and fun to chat with. With really good prices, Discover Outdoors is a really great way to do a fun activity all the while getting some exercise. Also their hiking trips (and other physical getaways) range in levels so whether you are new to the whole thing or a seasoned pro, it matters little, Discover Outdoors welcomes all. Other than hiking I know they have a wide array of activities and trips to choose from that differ in themes, duration and difficulty. Heck they even have international programs. Overall, Discover Outdoors is a great company with wonderful things to offer and I highly recommend them to everyone.
Great outdoor rock climbing trip! They drive you there (our pickup spot was Union Square) which is great for those without a car. The guys were great. Good fun all around.
i like your old name better....good experience..wish they had offered their hiking trips during the week....went on a hiking tour ..i forgot where but it was fun and to meet new people...getting back to the city was a lot of traffic...too be expected....if you meet at the bank ...across the street there is this grocery/deli ...they have really good sandwiches...ended up getting some and taking it with us for the trip...
awsome trip
I signed up for a horseback riding trip, but was not feeling well the day of the trip. I called early in the morning and left messages by phone and email. When I spoke to an employee  on Monday, I was told that the policy was that they required 1 week's notice to cancel and credit for a future trip  couldn't be given.  I won't be signing up for future trips. Not worth losing my money.
I've been on two trips so far and have 3 more to go. The different guides I've had so far have both been fantastic but it's the customer service (quick, friendly, accommodating response) that I've received that puts them over the top. Plus, I like the different twists on some of their hikes, like the wolf sanctuary and hiking with your dog.  I've tried a couple of other groups and Discover Outdoors is by far and away the best available in NYC.
I went on a Guide's Choice Hike with Jessica and Mike. The hike was tough, adventurous and a great work out. Jess and Mike were by far some of the best guides I've had yet! They kept everyone going for all 16 miles, really made us feel comfortable, and kept us talking and engaged. They know what they are doing! I always have a great experience with Discover Outdoors!
just did my second hike, i did fall foilage, apple and pumpkin picking, it was awesome!! my guide was Evan, and he was professional, knowledgeable, and kept everyone involved. my first hike was awesome too. i went one both solo, and by the end i had made new friends
