The drinks here were pretty good. My bf got a smoky whiskey cocktail that we both really enjoyed. I got a mint julep is it was really, really strong. Tasted like straight vodka. Some people would probably enjoy that, but it just didn't seem balanced to me. Atmosphere is not great (it's quite big and open...cavernous almost). Better for larger groups than a date.
I very seldom visit bars that don't specialize in (craft) beer nowadays, and I seldom leave said bars thinking I want to come back. But I would come back to Pouring Ribbons any day and here's a few reasons why. Pouring Ribbons is another one of those faux-Speakeasy type bars that seem to be trending in NYC right now. It's hidden very inconspicuously on the second floor of an unsuspecting city corner and you wouldn't notice that it's there save for the formidable looking bouncer that's guarding the door with the "you shall not pass... unless you're of legal drinking age" look on his face. Despite being a trendy, classy joint, Pouring Ribbons was also overly accommodating. I was in NYC unexpectedly for the weekend after I learned that Misha T. was in town all the way from the Best Coast. This happened while I was grocery shopping at Mitsuwa in Edgewater, so I was kind of walking around in grocery shopping clothes. (comfortable clothes, clothes that would be denied entrance in most classy joints) I myself was walking around with a t-shirt, jeans and birkenstocks, while my friend was wearing a sports jersey. But the bartenders and the bouncer didn't care; hell they didn't even give me an awkward eye for being severely under-dressed while sitting on a fancy reclaimed vintage wooden stool sipping 15 dollar mixed drinks on a table by the window. Now that's my kind of joint. And of course, the drinks. The fancy menu they have here sorts drinks in four distinctive criteria: Comforting, Refreshing, Adventurous and Spirituous. Their menu also lists the active ingredients for each drink , but their little drink graph definitely helped me pick my poison of choice from their arsenal of delicious concoctions. I may have mentioned earlier that I don't frequent bars that specialize in mixed drinks, and that is mainly because my spirits of choice tend to be Scotch from the marvelous island of Islay. Pouring Ribbons has two amazing cocktails that they conjure up using Laphroaig Quarter Cask(!) -- If you're a Scotch lover, definitely try the "Bad Habit" and "Penicillin." It'll make a believer out of you as it did me. Overall, amazing drinks, great atmosphere, awesome service. I'll be coming back very very soon.
Drink #1 - bartender's choice. I thought it was ok but wasn't a fan of some of the bartender's mixer choices - sometimes it pays to be VERY specific of what you do/don't like. Wasn't feeling too adventurous that night. My next cocktail was straight off the menu, a classic Champagne cocktail. Delicious and refreshing! Overall, I thought that Pouring Ribbons was a beautiful space and was quiet enough to have conversations with your friends or date. I will keep this in mind to visit in the future!
Yes, they pour glorious ribbons of booze. The place is discretely located next to a shady liquor store with a yellow awning. Then again aren't all the good cocktail places hidden in such a manner? I noticed the door guy wearing a secret service ear piece and it was used to efficiently communicate with the staff upstairs to make sure seating was available for all the members of our group. It should be mentioned the service at this place is great. Upon arriving upstairs, we were seated and bottles of water and glasses were placed on our table along with cocktail menus. The bottles of water were continuously refilled throughout the course of the night and our server was quick to answer questions about ingredients. She also dropped by enough times where it never felt we had to wait for her to arrive. As for the drinks, I say just use the matrix they provide on the first page of the menu. Don't even look at the ingredients in the drink, just choose based on this. The categories are refreshing vs spirituous and comforting vs adventurous. I like this new take on choosing a drink depending on your mood. Cozy, night by a fire place or rafting down a river filled with piranhas, it's up to you. I first went with the Jungle Bird (I think #25) in the refreshing and adventurous group. I enjoyed it and you have to appreciate that they use actual snow cone like crushed ice and not just regular ice cubes. I then moved to the boozy Brooklyn cocktail. You may want to order the Yellow King (good use of spice) or the Dark & Stormy for a hot summer night. Lastly the Pistolas at Dawn is another good drink to try but it was oddly sweeter than expected. They were able to accommodate our group of 8 but I saw several couples there as well. Pouring Ribbons is definitely a chill spot to enjoy a nice cocktail.
I have to say, I was not as impressed as everyone else seems to be about this place.  It's location, fine.  The place/decore itself though is very nice. Went with my best friend as we were doing a little booze day on a saturday, were the second party inside the door, and sat at the bar.  After figuring out if we wanted refreezing, spirituous, comforting, or adventurous,  I ordered the Sing For Your Supper, and if i remember correctly, which lets be serious, I probably don't, my friend ordered the dueling banjos.   The drink quality was pretty good, not great.  Definitely tasted as described though, so we can not take that away from them.  But as far as the drink tasting good in of itself, meh...   This place normally sits atop lists as one of the best places to get a cocktail, to quote Jim Carey from Liar Liar, "i've had better..."
This place is a hidden gem, tucked away on the corner of 14th street and Avenue B -- the second floor above a liquor store. If you live in Stuy town, it's so close by and such a nice spot to just go to on a weekday with a friend and just catch up. They have a unique array of fantastic cocktails. They scale all the drinks from adventurous to comfort to spiritous....and that scale is wildly accurate. I highly recommend asking the bartender for their suggestions or own drinks. I personally love getting the Moscow Mule here - it's perfection!
came here tonight for a li'l get together put together by the lovely Vixxxen, and it was a night more than well worth it. I tried a couple things from the menu, I started with a Bad Habit (because who doesn't enjoy a bad habit, amirite?) It was tasty, but a li'l light for me, but a nice start. then I requested their Old Fashioned (one of my goto drinks nowadays.) the waitress asked if I wanted the menu version or something more authentic. as I leaned toward the more authentic she suggested a few versions so I told her to go with what she thought would be best. I mean, when you're not necessarily a cocktail connoisseur but you lurves liquor, how can you go wrong? and go wrong she did not. the old fashioned was excellent. then upon friends' suggestions I tried the sazerac. never had one of these before and it was verrry nice. I also tasted the Pistols in the Morning (how gangster is that title, amirite?) and that was excellent as well. if I wasn't driving I would have ordered one for myself. I also loved that our waitress kept the water glasses filled all night. I need that balance. so shout out to Amanda for an awesome job all night with our drinks, and a hella shout out to the lovely Vixxxen, Vicki L. for putting this together (and looking so fly whilst doing it.) Pouring Ribbons gets mad props. aww sookie! review #200!
Love the setup - there is a bit of everything here, from tables by the window to comfy couches to talk bar tables and stools. Your pick, but you sure will find good space to park yourself and enjoy their well-crafted cocktails. They were not very busy early in the evening, which works perfectly for those of us with odd working hours (or if you manage to escape work early to grab a drink!). Hostess was a darling, and super helpful with all drinks discussions and selections. Now, to the drinks. I had to try Pisco, of course. The Colonial Affair was very citrusy as I expected, but also much lighter than traditional Pisco cocktails. May it was an addition of Lillet Rose... It was delightful no less. If you like refreshing and light cocktails, definitely give it a try. My second choice, Yellow King, was fantastic. Mezcal, gin, campari, yellow pepper and thyme syrup - perfect. That I will most definitely order again. Special mention goes to their homemade hummus, served with truly artisanal, delightful crackers - yum! Great snack to go with drinks. Great lounge, spectacular cocktails.
Bols Deep. They have a drink called "Bols Deep". And while I haven't had it, I did drink many other things that certainly got me loose. The Japanese cocktail is strong, delicious, and comes in a glass that will make you question your masculinity. The Sazerac is a solid version, though I think they overbalance it a bit which mutes out the absinthe more than it should be. Hell, I even drank a tequila cocktail, which is something I very rarely do. All in all, a very solid cocktail bar and one which I can't wait to go back to. If only so I can finally know what it feels like to go deep.
Baby the gin gin mule was my everything, it's all I ever wanted it tasted real spicy, spicier than i've ever had it It was up on everything, other bars ain't ever on it I want this forever, I swear I could spend whatever on it Cause the gin hold me down every time I drink it up When I get right I promise that we gone sip it up She (the waitress) make me beg for it, till the bartender shakes it up And I say the same thing every single time I say... #NWTS
Hey bartender! Pour those delicious ribbons of sweet, sweet liquor straight into my greedy mouth, puhhleasseee ... The moment I climbed up the stairs past the cute little teal painted door, I fell in love with this place. Unpretentious decor, spacious tables, friendly waitstaff, light snacks, appropriately dim lighting, and music at a tolerable level, all set the ambience just right for a small get together with fellow cocktail enthusiasts on a sleepy Sunday evening. The waitress was fantastic at handling our party, and also kind enough to let me order off menu (I got the deliciously complex "Lust for Life" which is a throwback to PR's original menu, no longer on the seasonal rap sheet, but available upon request) and settled nicely into a buzz shortly thereafter. Another fun novelty of the menu is that you can simply order by number along their cocktail profile grid (adventurous, spirited, refreshing, etc etc) if you want to be a little more wild. Of course, you can easily reference the drinks by their ingredients as well, but where's the fun in that? If you've never been, I suggest ordering one house specialty, and then trying a more traditional drink (think negroni, martini, old fashioned, aviation, if you catch my drift). This is a surefire way to get the best of both worlds - the creativity and novelty of a fun/weird/unexpected drink, and the boozy dependability of a classic. I'll definitely return, well worth a trip on the L train!
Have been tracking this place for about 6 months and finally got to go here. Just one visit and I can safely say I had one of the best, most refreshing cocktails in NYC. I am pretty sure there are other Cocktail bars too and I am waiting to explore those, but for now, this has become my fav. Good service, the waiters were kind enough to give us some great suggestions. I had the "Pistols at Dawn" cocktail. Brilliant! Refreshing, smooth with a touch of Cucumber and Lemon Bitters. And this place is not just about the cocktails. Do try their Hummus plate. Simple, delicious and goes pretty well with your cocktails. Highly recommend this joint!
This place is on it's own level. Definitely a top-tier bar. I've had my share of amazing cocktail places. This one stands out because within the drink I got here with a friend, we tastes ALL the notes in ALL of our cocktails. I've never had that occur. Things get muddled and lost in a lot of cocktails. Yes, even at classy establishments. And the music here is amazing. It's like jazzy house music. I know. Doesn't make sense. It's classy, yet catchy.   Service is impeccable. Amazing staff. They know their cocktails backwards and forwards & they make great suggestions. I'll be back. Can't believe I have a gem of a spot so close to my place. One of the best bars in the world according to many lists...
One of my favorite bars in the East Village. Actually...this place is probably top 3 ALL TIME. It's just a great place with super fun drinks that are tastefully crafted. It is a bit pricy, but the experience is totally worth it. I've made so many great memories here - definitely an awesome place to have engaging conversation and good times. Service is top notch friendly and the doormen/bouncers are just so sincere - I have a special place in my heart for Henry (but it seems that he hasn't been there recently).
Live jazz. Amazing cocktails. Great place. I stopped by one night ... Tuesday night I believe. It was still pretty full. It's a comfortable atmosphere. Relaxed. The drinks are not cheap ... I'd say average for NYC but they are amazingly delicious. I will definitely be back. The Moscow mule was my chosen drink after trying a couple others. They were all great. Live jazz is only on selected nights which is a bummer because it set the scene for a great night. If you want an unforgettable cocktail this place is a must visit.
Lovely, romantic venue with a vintage feel (aside from the garish green and yellow awning). F and I arrived about half past midnight and saw three people in front of the door speaking with the bouncer. They went up and he checked our IDs and asked we wait two minutes while the party before us gets seated. Then, we went. So happy we didn't have to deal with the hour waits and the "we'll call you" BS of other bars like this. We were given the choice of table or bar; we chose to sit at the bar. Our bartender was friendly and recommended a cocktail for F that was exactly to her liking. I love the layout of the menu; the first page is a grid of all their cocktails denoting whether they are refreshing or spiritous, comforting or adventurous. Genius! I had the Sing For Your Supper, a refreshing & comforting drink with vodka, vanilla passionfruit syrup, aperol and Peychaud's bitters. It was well made and exactly what I was in the mood for. We ordered some beef jerky and cornichons to munch on, no complaints there. Next time, definitely want to try the cheese and meats on the menu. There's also an impressive selection of Chartreuse, if that's your thing (though it's not mine.) Pouring Ribbons is definitely on my list of favorite bars in the city!
It's the old Uncle Ming's. I have so many hazy memories here from back in the day. They used to have these grungy looking couches all over the place and getting a drink was a pain because the place used to be crowded with hipsters and young professionals alike. Well the couches are gone, replaced by more respectable looking tables. The funky smelling floor is no longer there.  Most importantly, you don't have to climb over people's shoulders to get a drink anymore cuz they have excellent wait service. The drink menu is extensive. I had a couple of mezcal drinks - the midnight marauder and another one that I asked them to make with lime and pepper. Both were decent. Not top of the line in terms of taste but good enough. It was easy for our group of 8-10 people to have a good time here.  We had called earlier and they said they don't take resos but asked us to come in saying they would figure it out.  At first it was just my friend and I who walked in. As tables opened up, they moved us from a small table of two to a table of 6 and finally the bigger corner table where we all congregated as more of our friends came in.   Without the friendly service, I probably would have gone with 3 stars but like I said, they were helpful throughout and made sure we end up with a large enough space for our group. This is a good cocktail bar that I would happily come back to, especially if I was with big group of people.
Nice cozy place with awesome drinks. Pros: -the menu starts with a graph that helps you choose a drink (adventurous, spirituous, comforting, refreshing) -so many unique drink options! -ordered the #3 and 10 (forgot the names) and both were tasty. #3 looked like water but had many flavors to it- couldn't even taste the liquor but was a strong drink -very nice bouncer (not obnoxious at all) Cons: -$14 per drink (pretty much just 4 large gulps) -bathroom was facing the lounge area so kind of awkward Great place to grab a drink and catch up with a friend! -
Discouraged after not being able to get into another speakeasy-style place nearby, my friend suggested this place. My mood was sinking fast, but this place wasn't far, so we braved the cold again to check it out. When we got upstairs, I was struck by how teal the walls are. They really are a fantastic color. Almost all of the tables were full, but the bar was still not overly crowded and was a comfortable place to be. We were seated along a wall in some high-top booth seating that was even a little high for me (I'm 5'10" and all leg), but I love finding seats like that! I did feel badly for my shorter companions, but they managed to get seated eventually. The best part of the bar was the drinks. The second best part was choosing what to order, because their menu is absolutely brilliant. It features a graph showing all of their cocktails, scaled along spectrums of refreshing-spirituous and comforting-adventurous. Smart idea! This gave me a much better idea of what to expect in a drink, and allowed me to choose a drink based on my mood. Between that and the server's suggestions, I ended up with a fantastic couple of cocktails and really enjoyed sampling my friends' choices as well. Did I mention that some of the drinks were garnished with orange peel moustaches? It was a super hilarious touch. It turns out my friend recommended this place because he had met a guy at another bar we visited earlier that evening and this guy suggested that he might be going here later. Misguided attempts at romance aside, I'm really glad my friend guided us here. I dig this spot and look forward to going back. I hope other bars that sport craft cocktails try a similar idea to the menu at Pouring Ribbons, it's probably the smartest thing I've seen in a while.
Great cocktails, youthful but sophisticated vibe, not overly pretentious, knowledgable and decent service, extensive cocktail menu with diverse options, ranked in the menu on two scales- spirituous to refreshing and adventurous to comforting-- which is a pretty fun an funky idea-- and all including ingredients you've never heard of (even if you're well versed in the libation arena).  We also enjoyed some tasty nuts. Arrived around 10 last night (Saturday), party of three, seated immediately at a table big enough for 5-6, and weren't rushed out after two rounds of drinks. Looking forward to returning and tasting some more magical cocktails. On the way out around 12, there was a line of about 7-10 people but the inside wasn't at capacity.  Get there a bit earlier to avoid the line.
"First you take a drink, then the drink takes a drink, then the drink takes you." - F. Scott Fitzgerald Pouring Ribbons (PR) is worth a long story. The bar earned a worldwide reputation of excellence in cocktail crafting very quickly. This avant-garde gem has brought some of my best drinking experiences in the City. My first visit roots back to their opening month when it used to be a hidden door without any sign but the bouncer. An adventure starts at the door. Henry is a clever gentleman who will make your wait worth it. Among his most interesting chronicles, were these two ladies looking for vodka shots. Henry, with high courtesy and chivalry, kindly explained what a cocktail consisted in. On a more timely note: about 20 min on Friday night at 10:30 pm (party of four) was the longest I waited for. Paradoxically, complexity and audacity are mixed in a very simple and unpretentious setting. The style combines 1920s design with minamalism, making it less kitschy than other "prohibithentic" speakeasies. Art deco bulbs softly lights conversations in this tinged red, library-wooden and stonewall atmosphere. In the back, the half-oval window widens the space, thus making your experience more relaxing. PR has a unique approach to mixology, which is truly risk-embracing and detail-oriented. You know the drill: navigating along the Refreshing/Spirituous/Comforting/Adventurous axis. House cocktails, please (I have tried some classics, including a Manhattan and wasn't astonished). Come here often and dare a new one each time - you won't have a choice anyway since the house menu is seasonal (or bi-annual). Those of you expecting a familiar flavor, be ready to be surprised. Here, a spirit is just a single ingredient among others and only the result matters. Bourbon will not taste like dry oak. You will feel a unique and strong flavor instead. Rake & Consort, for example, mixed Bourbon, Scotch, orange cordial and bitters in the same beverage. Their take on the Old Fashioned? Sounds like it but does not taste so. The result is smokey, subtle, boozy and bitter - closer to Campari - drink with a strong after taste. Bartenders have a wide range of spirits and inspirations. I once had a cocktail made of Lambrusco red sparkling wine and a brown liquor (I pray for its return on the menu). Or I recall that time where the Eye to Eye (Bourbon, strawberry, falernum and bitters) surprisingly felt like an intense rush of ginger balanced with the bitterness of the amber liquor. Likewise, In Spades was an interesting floral take (Gentiane) on Whiskey. And Chartreuse lovers: you have reached heaven here. Final tab for two drinks: about $40. Very good price-to-quality ratio. In a nutshell: they know how to put on a smokescreen. So much that... PR is not even perfect. Service is very friendly, approachable and loyal (same faces since 2012). However, waiting time can be quite long when served at the table as I have often waited 15-20 min for my drink. More, although certain that people come to appreciate excellent drinks, the bar would gain by feeling more sociable sometimes. Regardless if you come for a party or for a tryst, your senses will be thankful. At times when you are striding around Alphabet City, Pouring Ribbons is an institution where you must pay a visit.
For a cocktail bar this may be as good as it gets. Couple great things about this place. First and foremost, the drinks are SUPERB. I ordered the Border Patrol it had Mezcal, lime, pineapple and a spicy mixture. It was yellow at the bottom and red on top. Looked pretty cool, tasted even better. My gf ordered the Duck & Cover with vodka, brandy, cider, maple and ginger (yes I'm on their website looking these ingredients up). She loved it! I thought it would be to sweet, not at all. They were $14 each but both came in a long glass that made it almost double the normal cocktail size.   I loved the actual space. It was on the second floor of a random building overlooking Ave B and 14th street. Really good size upstairs and the tables are all spread throughout - so you're not on top of other people. She mentioned the atmosphere could have been better and I agree. Could definitely use minor renovations, but I'd take comfort over being cramped in a swankier bar. Last, we went this past Valentine's day. We stopped in before dinner (waiting to be called for our dinner reservation) and stopped in after. On both occasions we didn't have to wait to be brought upstairs. The bouncer at the door even remembered us and jokingly welcomed us back. Staff was super friendly and accommodating.  Definitely will come again and again.
Great cocktails, no frills. Saturday night 11PM. Our party of four approaches a well dressed bouncer outside of a small doorway. An old fashioned sign says Pouring Ribbons, we ask if there's room for four. He calls upstairs and says it will be 10 minutes. We're scaling the staircase in 5. Once seated, water comes out immediately. A waiter/ waitress on the other hand takes quite a bit longer. The place is packed with first timers, including ourselves, and were all studying the menu as if we'll be tested on it. 20 minutes later we place our order. Drinks come out and we're not disappointed. A bit pricey but cost inhabit ions are forgotten after the first sip. The drinks are delicious, there isn't a better way of saying it. We had a few rounds, in fact a round too many. After the second round, your palette is shot and you might as well move on. With that said, my favorite drink of the night was the Goon Squad.
Pouring Ribbons was a big treat. Delicious cocktail menu. I got the MEASURE OF A MAN and the KASHMIR SWEATER; both were voted best drinks of the night by our table of six. I thought the DARK AND STORMY was particularly wonderful--very strong ginger profile--but watch out for some of the "fruttier" cocktails. The darker small-batch stuff seemed much better. Atmosphere was a bonus. This place is crowd controlled, so you're not going to need to yell over music or fight anyone for a seat. Pouring Ribbons is a great place to start your evening in comfort with some good conversation. I'll be back! Def a gem!
Super nice place. Makes me think I'm in some of sort of speakeasy, from the entrance that's not so obvious to the old-timey yet classic feel inside. Drinks are pricey, but they're well made and fairly strong, so it's definitely worth it. Went there around midnight and it was relatively empty on a Friday night, which seems odd. Service was fantastic from the bouncer (friendly, jolly, and sarcastic - just the way I like my bouncers!) to the bartenders. Would definitely visit again if I'm in town and in the area.
OMFG this is my new favorite cocktail place! As a budget conscious New Yorker.. I think this will be where I go on those special occasions. Yet even at $14 a drink.. I did love everything about my experience here. I loved the wood paneling interior, high ceilings.. very large.. entire 2nd floor of a brownstone. It has a single huge rounded half dome window that looks out onto Ave B. Our waitress was very attentive and sociable. It's kinda like if The Spare Room @ The Roosevelt Hotel in LA (my fav spot there) came to NYC? Ordered: #6 FEVER DREAM.  omgggg I love savory drinks and this was basically a potent alcoholic hot chocolate! Our party ordered: Kashmir Sweater and 5 other drinks I don't remember the name of.. sorry they were potent :) Music was quite nice, and they finished the night with Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody with a matching lights show! Definitely a place to bring special guests / friends / clients to!
Head up stairs and you enter into a room that almost transports you back to...well, a year you probably weren't even born yet. This is not your average grab-a-spot-where-you-can bar. Seating is a must and capacity is set to seats just like a restaurant. Warmth and class are what drives this bar.  I started with their Midnight Marauder (Vida Mezcal, Bonal, Cynar, Mole Bitters). Now, I was feeling a bit adventurous, and I was pleased with my decision, but I might not order this one again (just personal preference). It had a great smokiness to it, which I do like, but, a bit dry for my taste. In fairness, that was the description I was given, but I decided to go against what I usually order. Glad I tried it, but went for something else after this one. This is the something else. It doesn't exactly have a name, it was a hybrid of a couple cocktails and this is their love child. It was definitely lovely. Another great thing about mixologists, name the qualities of a drink you like, they've got the answer.
Stopped by here on a Saturday evening by myself, shortly after they opened (because I love cocktails but hate crowds). The bouncer is super friendly, so that's a plus. The staircase up to the bar is very pretty--you can tell they're not waiting for you to get inside for them to make good impressions, and it works. I really like the interior, since it's welcomingly spacious. Even when it's full, I can't imagine this place being uncomfortably crowded. The decor is also very appealing; it's dressed-up without being too showy. There's also a good amount of seating at the bar, which is handy if you're the sort who likes watching bartenders make cocktails. I only had one drink, the Domingo Montoya--it was similar to a Mai Tai, and I have no idea what that has to do with The Princess Bride, but hey, everything needs a name. It was a pretty straightforward drink, but that's what I was looking for, and it delivered. Overall this seems like a supercool place, and a very inviting one at that. I approve, and will return.
This is a little gem in the Alphabet City. Located only about a 5 minute walk from the L at 1st Ave, it's easy to get to. First things first: The drinks here are FANTASTIC. Lots of original flavor profiles--I highly recommend their Negroni or the Duck & Cover. The menu is very cool. They've got a drink matrix that plots each signature drink in quadrants like refreshing and adventurous. I'm kind of a nerd, so this struck me as both creative and useful! The bartenders are super friendly and knowledgeable. They make you feel at home. My only complaint is the prices. For the area it sits in, the prices are a little crazy. A well vodka/tonic cost me $11 for the vodka and an extra $1 for the tonic--$12 seems a tad high for a simple well cocktail ::shrugs:: The signature cocktails will set you back about $14 each (some higher), which isn't as crazy to me. I'd definitely still go back there, and after seeing some of the "bites" coming out, I'll most likely grab a snack next time, too. Cheers!
This is my favorite place for creative and classic cocktails. The coolest thing about the menu is the chart that helps guide cocktail novices on the style of drink to order based on taste and preference. Bartenders and wait staff and super friendly. Bar snacks are plentiful and delicious but don't expect them to fill you up.
A little on the expensive side but the people who tend the bar are knowledgeable and make good recommendations.  The drinks are well made and tasty.  It's a great place to visit with out of town friends for a quiet classy night.  The ambiance is relaxing and you can hear each other talk.
Definitely my favorite fancy cocktail / speakeasy bar in the city.  Overall, the atmosphere is typically pretty quiet, the drinks are delish and the service is impeccable.  The bar tenders put on quite a show while mixing cocktails, so it is always fun to sit at the bar (rather than a table). A bit secretive, but not too snobby - overall a great spot.
Wonderful well-crafted and unique drinks.  A hidden gem.
I've actually had dreams about the cocktails at this place. So good! It's a little hard to find this place - it's on the second floor, but worth the search.
Stopped by early on a Sunday night during Memorial Day weekend. Plenty of places to sit, with multiple tables of various sizes, so parties of any size can be accommodated. The service was really good and the drinks came out fast. Overall a chill, laid back atmosphere. This bar is on the quieter side so it is a good place to have a conversation. The drinks were good but not spectacular.
A little cocktail gem. Walking up the stairs feels a little mobsterish, but man do they make some really pleasant cocktails. I usually stick to he classics so my first drink didn't quite go as planned. A sazerac stirred a bit too much. No biggie. Not a yelp snob. Waited for some more evidence before making a judgement on the quality of the establishment.  so I got a few more rounds and they came out  balanced, inventive and delicious. My second visit was consistent. I like this place.
I'm so lucky to live near this place. It may be a fancy cocktail bar on all the "it" lists but it feels like your neighborhood go-to that just happens to be serving excellent, smart, inventive cocktails. The staff is super friendly, all of them. The drinks are amazing. The design inside is lovely, considered in every detail but not over the top or uncomfortable. I only wish I could find a seat at the bar on weekend nights. Gets crowded quickly.
Love this cocktail bar!  We were greeted by a super friendly bouncer (though we did think we were in the wrong place - it's above a Subway) - he's quite chatty so make sure you are prepared.  I thought he was trying to distract us from coming in, but he was just being friendly.  We then went upstairs and entered into the bar.  Very cool vibe - and more space than I was expecting. Comforting to adventurous. Refreshing to spirituous (tastes like booze) - that's how they rate their drinks.  Every one I had was spot on and matched the description perfectly.  It was really nice to be able to use those scales to order other drinks too.  And I loved the menu holders!  It's the little things...  Good service too! 130/365
Love this place.  I'm not sure there's much I can say that others haven't already said about it. It's an experience from the moment you're greeted by the chatty bouncer at the door who radios up to a hostess who greets you at the top of the stairs, to the very knowledgable bartending staff, to the wonderfully laid out menu to the actual beverages themselves. Everything is done with much thought and care.  You don't feel like you're at another one of the many speak easy mixology bars in this city, this place really stands out as a unique experience. Way to go Pouring Ribbons, you've really outdone yourself!
A group of 10 or so came here for my boyfriend's birthday for some drinks on a Thursday night. I emailed the night before to reserve an area and it was not an issue. I even increased the head count last minute and it didn't pose a problem. I read some reviews about the bouncer being hiliarous or to the other extreme, rude and uninviting. I didn't experience either. He just seemed to be doing his job and didn't give us a hard time. Some of us were wearing shorts and dressed very casually and there were no problems getting in. Not sure if it's because we had a reservation, but the place in general wasn't crowded at all. It started getting a bit more crowded around 930/10 or so but we left at that point. It's good if you're looking for a place to just sit back and chat without having to yell over loud music or the crowd. The cocktails are unique and tasty ($14 each). If you're looking for food this is NOT the place to go. It's mostly just overpriced finger foods and not a very big selection.
Poring Ribbons is slowly becoming a problem as i live a block away and am making it my "local bar" Love this place! Yes Bouncer and you have to wait. Yes loud music, sit by the bar it's not as loud. Bartenders know what they're doing and cool, they'll explain the whole drink. Drinks are great (have had most) Drink ingredients are fresh and tasty. Most Drinks are $14 (get used to it and i should have opened a bar) Just really like the drinks here.
This is a good mixology bar, not too busy when I got there early for happy hour on a friday and the space isnt amazing but the drinks were solid. I wouldnt come here if youre hungry though, I thought there would be food in an establishment like this but there wasn't anything of real substance. If you want a good well made cocktail in a no frills setting this is it.
Business casual. Comely dimmed ambiance, indie rock music, not too loud. You wouldn't know it existed from passing by. The most interesting man in the world might drink here. Mysterious, quaint, retro elegant mahogany. Well worth the trip.
Top-shelf establishment. Friendly and professional staff, well-studied bartenders, and a wide-ranging menu of re-worked classic cocktails. As far as cocktail bars in NYC go, this is in a dead heat for first place with only a few other spots. The menu (a portion of which is on their website) is arranged on a grid w/ comforting/adventurous and refreshing/spirituous as the axes. It sounds cheesy, but they have their scoring system down to a science. Trust it. The 'Corn & Oil' is currently my favorite drink in the city, pairing Mole with blackstrap rum and lime. The physical space leaves a bit to be desired, as it's essentially just a big open room. But with everything else a perfect 10, I can't knock off a star just because I'd like the room to be a little cozier. Pouring Ribbons gets an easy 5/5 in my book. (also, tax is included in the price of each drink, making this one of the cheapest high-end cocktail bars in the city, too!)
After breaking up with Raines Law Room, I decided to endeavor upon Pouring Ribbons which has been on my list of things to try for a while.   The experience was so  lovely - I can't wait to go back.  The drinks were impeccable, the service was attentive and the room! There is so much space, it feels so amazing not to be on top of a total stranger for once in New York City, I love that it is not in a basement and has a huge window. I just loved being there - it was a Room of One's Own, a place to enjoy a drink and let the worries fall away.   I started with Death and Taxes, the name seemed relevant enough, and it tasted like a Lion's Tale and was simply superb, then I had the Walking Home with it's subtle, perfectly balanced absinth.  Afterwards, we explored Chartreuse, which is an owner's passion; it was a decadent flight of yellow and green, of herbs and decades.  Never had anything quite like that. Atop of all this, the bartenders make cocktail garnish into an art form. A welcome surprise, not that those drinks needed any more reasons to be adored :).
My birthday landed on a Tuesday this year... FFFFF me.  But what better type of place to celebrate on a Tuesday than a cocktail bar that has a 2 hour wait on the weekend.  The bouncer wished me a happy birthday, which was nice, and then proceeded to radio upstairs that two people were on their way up.  When we got upstairs, the hostess asked us:  "two?".  Way to listen lady.   Decor is warm and inviting.  I really liked how their menu has slider bar ratings for each cocktail, telling me which ones are girly and which ones are not.  Rather than reading through 1,000 ingredients I've never heard of (MOLE FALARNUM, CYNAR, UNICUM, ORGEAT... just to name a few), I can just point to the drink on the menu that is the least sweet.  All kidding aside, waiter was very knowledgable and gave me an excellent drink recommendation.   All in all, a great weekday spot for some excellent drinks.  Not sure if I'd come here on a weekend though if there was a terrible wait, e.vil has many many alternatives.
I love this place! I came here a few weeks ago after my BF spotted the stellar Yelp reviews - he was very pleased to find an awesome place that I wasn't already aware of :-) I was definitely impressed. Their menu is awesome & organized in a way that's very helpful to someone with an analytical mind. I felt like I knew exactly what I was ordering before it even arrived! Each drink is described in great detail, along with a scale showing the degree to which it is refreshing/spirituous and comforting/adventurous. I went for the Pretty Strangers, which was labeled as refreshing and adventurous - that actually described it pretty perfectly! It was fantastic and super refreshing with the cucumber and mint, but also felt quite adventurous due to the presence of an ingredient called "zwack" (I have no idea). This is a great spot on Avenue B, which is pretty lacking in nice cocktail bars. Can't wait to try other creations!
3.5 stars Okay, so we have yet another one of the cocktails bars on the scene. Of course Madhuri's gonna have to go check it out. You know, for the purposes of research. We walk over to 225 Avenue B, and there's this guy in a jacket standing there. Me: Is this pouring ribbons? Him: Yes. (Awkward silence, followed by teeth chattering in the cold) Me: We'd like to go in. Would you like to see our IDs? Him: How many are you? Me: Two. Him: You sure? Me & Husband: Yes, yes. Him: No one else joining you? Me (confused) : Umm.. should someone be? Him: Just checking. He then paged the guy upstairs and we are finally let into the warmth of indoors. Carpeted staircase, turqoise walls and door. We walk into the space and are immediately shown to our seats. So far, so good. The music is loud and the table next to us is trying to talk over the music. Shortly after, 3 more people join in and sit next to them, all loud and smushed into a table for 2. Now I know why the bouncer was acting so anxious. Our waiter comes in and hands us our menu. A map of all the drinks on a two scale axis (Comforting/Adventurous) vs (Refreshing/Spirituous). Quite an interesting way to help people pick their drink. I think someone questioned why a Sazerac is adventurous, but I think these people mean adventurous on the tastebuds, as opposed to indicating it is a popular or a classic drink. My husband got a couple of stirred drinks and I tried a couple of shaken (refreshing) ones. We both got lucky in the first round - the Prabu punch is delightfully complex without trying too hard. The pumpkin, garam masala and curry leaf are all subtle and let the bourbon shine. The Hagar and Helga is a strong aquavit based drink with cumin and cinnamon notes, an excellent combination and it comes with a drunk cherry which is equally delicious. I think, wow, these guys know how to make a drink. We also tried the Tropic of Cancer (tequila/cofee/chili) which is extremely spicy and the Corn & Oil (rum/falernum/lime) which is extremely sweet. I had half a mind to mix the two together in the hope of making an acceptable drink, but I didn't want to offend anyone behind the bar. We got a couple of the cheeses to share and the hummus. The cheese was served with some crackers (I wish they had some fruit to go with it, that would have been thoughtful), the hummus was absolutely dry and flavourless. And it was served with the same dry crackers. Ugh. I think I would surely go again to try some of the other drinks and to sample the chartreuse collection.. but it hasn't made it into my list of favourite bars, just yet.
On an empty, cold street, this place appears! I'm not a big cocktail person but the Action Bronson I had was exquisite. That's right, I used that word. The bartenders are great to talk to. I've never had chartreuse, and wow, that was some seriously amazing stuff. I had the yellow and the green. The flavor is extremely potent, like drinking concentrated extract of a garden. Unlike a lot of bars in NYC it has breathing room, you can come here on a date, there are nice small circular tables for two, and larger tables for a group. Try the chartreuse!
Came by Saturday and true to form, this speakeasy was situated upstairs after entering a random grey door with no writing on the outside. Bouncer: freakishly NICE. Ambiance: Minimalist decor but had a classic vibe to it. Bartenders looking sharp in their 3 piece suits. No standing at bar/over crowding allowed which means you're engaged in convo with either the friendly bartender or with the company you came with. Drinks: The menu is simple but cleverly designed. I ordered a gimlet (which I'm very particular about) and this was pretty amazing with crushed crystalized ginger on the outside for a nice crunch/spice effect while sipping. My date ordered Death & Taxes - equally clean/refreshing taste. Can't wait to return to a new neighborhood gem! Effortlessly cool place to bring a date, no disappointment guaranteed.
I came here on a whim Friday night with two friends at around 8PM. I was really surprised that we got in so easily and so quickly. The bouncer was weirdly nice [what bouncer is nice in NYC?] and ushered us up the stairs to the speakeasy bar. The hostess seated us right away to a corner table. The menu is so creative and well designed. There's a drink for every appetite, alcoholic and non-alcoholic. Drinks vary from adventurous to comforting and refreshing to spiritous. I'm an adventurous and refreshing kind of gal so I had the "Hot & Heavy" with mezcal, tequila, hot honey, lemon, and mint. It was good, but I wouldn't say worth the $14 price tag [the price of all their drinks]. It was more savory than sweet, I didn't taste the honey nor the lemon. The drink was garnished with mint so that was the most prominent ingredient. I also had the foie gras pate [$9] which I can't complain about. It was as tasty as foie usually is. I wish there would have been more. All of their pates and charcuterie are served with lackluster crackers. They shouldn't even be called crackers. They were just flat and uninspired. I think Ritz Crackers taste better. Four stars because I liked the atmosphere and the service was excellent, three stars for the drinks and food. One drink and a snack won't break the bank but anymore, you'll need an expense account.
These guys can make quiittteeee a drink.  I came here with a friend for a drink while making our rounds to new places to try. I was a bit overwhelmed when i first started looking at the menu because all the choices. The thing that made everything easier was the layout of the menu. They organize it by two scales, one refreshing vs spirited and the other comforting vs adventurous. I decided to go on a whim to go with a more adventurous and more refreshing drink. I can't for the life of me remember the name of my drink but i attached a picture of my tiki drink from the gods! It was so different and refreshing. The presentation alone was enough to get someone excited to drink this. If this drink is a reflection of their other choices i would be extremely impressed. Even though i don't know the name, show your bartender the picture and give it a try, it will definitely impress you and your taste buds.
After having now frequented a few of these speak-easy type places, I can comfortably say that this is one of my favorites, right after M&H.  First off, it's not that hard to find.  Just look for the awning with the "Pouring Ribbons" sign in huge letters.  Second, the doorman was the sweetest person ever.  Granted, he may have just been hitting on me and my friend, but he was so friendly and it definitely made my initial experience coming here better.  Third, the drinks and service inside were great.  The server was friendly enough to explain a little about the drinks we were ordering and wasn't snobby, as some of these mixologist-types can be.  The drinks themselves were tasty and flavorful.  I would recommend "Death and Taxes" and "Spirit of Diplomacy," both on the fruitier side.  Note: all drinks were $14. Overall, great chill place, and great drinks.  Definitely comparable to M&H, but without the added pretentiousness of having to make reservations or find a hidden door.
Really enjoyed my time here. Stuyvesant Town was promoting Pouring Ribbons at the Oval Concierge office, so I took one of their menus/postcards. I was a bit reluctant to go at first because it seemed like a typical "speakeasy" cocktail bar, but I had been hearing good things about it, so I gave it a shot. Not really a cocktail junkie, but everything I've tried here is damn good. I tried the Spezzatura Royale and the Teddy Bear. Don't normally go for drinks called the "Teddy Bear," but my girlfriend recommended it and it did not disappoint. Tried some of the cheese dishes, and they were great. Cheese was supplied by Beecher's, my favorite cheese place in the city. Not suprisingly, drinks are on the expensive side, but they're made with a lot of care, so I don't really have any issue with that. Bartenders aren't pretentious and they're pretty pro at what they do, so next time I'm there, I'll defer to their judgment when I select my next drink (or twelve).
I was easily able to make reservations for this new speakeasy via email just the day before! Make sure you make those ressies though because for a random Wednesday evening, the place sure filled up! The bouncer outside will try to give you a hard time, but just play along - he's a huge teddy bear! He charmed my friend and I with stories of people falling UP the stairs to Pouring Ribbons. I could tell he really enjoyed his job - unnecessary ear piece and all ;) Inside, Pouring Ribbons is very spacious and homey! My best friend and I were having a catch-up session and Pouring Ribbons served as the perfect backdrop. The menu of drinks was easy to navigate through and our waitress was lovely and informative. Great choice! PS - the pate is TDF!
A great spot. The drinks are a little pricey, but they are strong. The decor has a nice mixture of modern and retro. The map displaying how adventurous or spirituous you want to be was a nice touch.
Pouring Ribbons is great.  I think it wold have been better to check it out on a weeknight, but overall a fun spot.  The bouncer I thought was really accommodating and fair and my friend and I sat at the bar and had two drinks each.  We liked all of ours.  However, the food at this place is a joke.  Their bites really are bites.  We tried to the sopressata plate and a cheese plate and we both left hungry.  Also, I found the space although bigger can get very loud! We were also seated fairly near the door nad found it to be drafty. I checked it out because I was told it was like Little Branch but bigger.  Which I kind of get.  But in no way does it even hold a candle to Little Branch, let's be clear.  Little Branch is far more intimate and the bartender's choice makes it way more fun :).
David Wondrich thinks this is the best cocktail bar in America?!   I don't know if it was the tacky bouncer, the exhausting, diner sized drinks menu, the lack of toilet paper in the bathroom or the hilariously incongruous and deafening Oasis & Richard Ashcroft 90s Britpop soundtrack, but something felt really off here.  Don't these silly, fancy places usually have a couple of Charles Mingus records lying around? There's a couple of crazy, off the rails rants posted here that seem to relate to the same night - they're right on one thing though, none of the drinks taste like they have at least 2oz of liquor in them.  Not even the ones on the 'boozy' end of the weird, graph menu.  Speaking of the menu, it's an interesting concept, but there are far too many drinks on it and they're categorized in a seemingly arbitrary manner.  How is a Sazerac the 2nd most 'adventurous' drink on the menu?  Why is it even on the menu?  Why is a Manhattan on the menu?  Surely anyone in a poncey Alphabet City cocktail bar knows what's in a Manhattan and will order one if they like?  I had one nice drink with an aquavit base, but I'd have been just as happy with a Manhattan at my local in Brooklyn to be honest, and I'm not paying $14 for it there.  The service is good, in a clinical, perfunctory, Manhattan kind of way. Obviously expectations were set high and fell well wide of the mark.  If I'm paying top dollar to drink at a silly, Manhattan alcohol museum, I at least expect a very nice drink.  The speakeasy craze in this city has to hit a wall soon, because there's far too many charlatans out there displacing neighbourhood bars in their vintage suspenders.
I really really really wanted to like this better.  But I just can't. I previously went on a Saturday night and left because I encountered a line.  A line in the East Village?  Nah, not my thing.  So I came back on Wednesday and thought I would give it a go again. After a fairly brief wait I was seated at a very high bar table, lacking style, on uncomfortable stools with some random people.  We were brought menus and told we could move to a smaller table when it became available.  Gazing at the menu, it was a typical list of sooooo many lounges-of-the-moment.  The cocktails appeared interesting, all with ingredients that were suitably unique and mysterious.  I was able to land on a spicer one that was quite good and my fellow imbiber chose a ginger laced once. Both were suitable, not the best, but darn decent.  However, it took forever to actually get them...even though the place was not that busy.  Overall that marked my brief visit there: Pros: * Skimpy clothed attractive wait staff (Well if you are a hetero man / female bi/lesbian) * Fairly large and airy, with epic window in the front * Good drinks Cons * Terrible service * Weird disjointed decor;  Way too lit * No speakeasy feel. * I've had better drinks, and a little pricey for the East Village. After a one drink, I decided  wait, I asked for the check.  After a bit of a wait, I got it, gave it the once over and pulled out my CC to pay.  It was at that point I turned invisible.  No one came by for the check.  Ever.  Even after looks and stares towards wait staff.  Ugh. I gave up.  I reached into my pocked for cash, asked my friend what she had, and dropped the cash (with a $1 tip on the table).  Which was generous considering the appalling service (and yes, I've waited tables myself before) There are just so many places that do this better.
I'm drawn to paradox and irony.  Ironically, I don't see why they chose this style of lounge in this neck of the burgh.  Paradoxically, I wonder why they need to plant a large intimidating man at the entrance - it's not welcoming - I suppose that might be the intention.  But why?  I can point to Death & Co which has a gentleman outside who keeps the crowd thin in a courteous manner. In any case, another speakeasy style lounge which is very nice inside and serves quality drinks.  Good for a date or a small group. If chartreuse is your flavor, this is a must see.  I like the menu that indicates the style of cocktail.  If there are great restaurants nearby, this place has a better chance to survive.  On its own, not sure.
So far this is my favorite cocktail bar in NYC... and possibly beyond. Another trip is in order to determine. I selected my drink based on a helpful grid found in the menu. My drink, Death & Taxes, was well-crafted, refreshing, and boozy. I enjoyed that the bartender took time to make our drinks, not rushing any step. While you're there, you must try at least one kind of chartreuse. My friend and I compared a vintage to a modern. Herby, intense, and smooth. The vintage much stronger and more complex. Bartenders were conversational and extremely knowledgeable. Ask them anything about the drinks. You'll be excited to hear and they will be excited to tell.
Lovely space. Lovely staff. Super drinks. They have a few snack items on the menu but they are just that - mini snacks. But who cares about the food when the drink menu is so exciting and the bartenders are so welcoming?! Got to experience it on a slow Sunday afternoon so not sure how it is on a raging weekend day but I definitely plan to go back again and again...
They do have VERY good cocktails - I came here with my BF and two friends on a quiet Wednesday night and we ordered three different drinks. I forgot what mine was called...but they made it perfectly - not too sweet but definitely strong, and perfectly balanced between tart and tangy. And beautiful presentation too. I'd definitely come back with someone who really appreciates a good cocktail. But they could do something to dress the place up, ambiance-wise. I felt like I was sipping a gorgeous cocktail in a dive bar... :(
When Joaquin Simo is involved with a new cocktail bar, you go. He is one of the best in the business, and I mean that with no hyperbole whatsoever. He's that good. Pouring Ribbons continues the rise of Alphabet City as a cocktail destination. At this point, there are more top-tier quality bars just on Avenue B and C then some neighborhoods have in entirety. With the Wayland, Summit Bar, Elsa and the like, Pouring Ribbons joins great company. The cocktails. Holy !?@!. I really don't know what else to say. This bar is instantly in New York's top 10. Fantastic list where every cocktail is plotted on a 4 criteria grid between Spiritous, Comforting, Refreshing and Boozy, which is a fantastic aide for those who are not cocktail nerds (like me). The Lust for Life is like the Mezcal cocktail for people who don't know Mezcal. Mezcal is smoky, but in this drink it's been subdued and restrained to a more subtle accent. Combined with Pineapple, Sherry (adds umami), Orgeat (Almond syrup) then topped with cacao for aromatics, and you have a wonderfully balanced, layered drink. Joaquin also served me the Tropic of Cancer on recommendation knowing I like funky stirred drinks. With Chile-Infused Tequila, Coffee Infused Carpano Antica (sweet vermouth like) and Bitters, this is basically a complex riff on a Manhattan. And it's amazing. It lingers for days and has a taste that changes by the second. Did I mention you can get Vintage 1970's Chartreuse tastings here? No Doubt, On THE LIST... yelp.com/list/best-cockt…
Tucked away in a small corner of alphabet city is Pouring Ribbons. A cocktail nerd friend of mine recommended me to check this spot out-- he swears by it. I went with friends and we hit it up on a Sunday night (it was my birthday... otherwise I'd be at home drinking). It really is tucked next to two buildings... really unassuming and if you didn't see the sign, you'd think it's just another door on a building. I dug the divey-ness of it. I didn't dig, however, the bouncer's attitude. Not welcoming and was sorta like the stereotypical rude bouncer guy. (I've met lots of bouncers who are nice dudes, so this sucked). Gave us a hard time, which made me think the place was packed. Once we got in and saw how empty the place was, I got even more pissed. But, our server saved the night because he was really chill dude. Very helpful with what exactly we wanted, and even chatted with us for a little. Also, I have to mention that he joined us on a toast which was pretty cool. Not a lot of bartenders do that... and when they do, it's awesome. Honestly, I totally forgot what drinks I got... but rest assured they were all good. That's the great thing about this spot, is that it's all good. They categorize the drinks by how safe or adventurous you wanna go. Drinks are good, the servers are badasses and the music is chill. Bouncer sucks, but the drinks are worth it. Pouring Ribbons is a must if you're a cocktail dork.
We came early on a Saturday and adored it. Prabu Punch (bourbon, orange, garam masala, pumpkin syrup, curry leaf) is my new favorite drink. The decor is more your-cool-suburban-neighbor's-woodpaneled-ranch-­home-circa-1964 than the Victorian vibe that you see at the Day-Kaplan cocktail bars. I loved the ceiling lights, they look like igloo sandcastles. It may be hard to get in here later in the evening, but it's not a snotty place. Good music choices as well. I do wish we had been able to sit at the bar; I think something gets a little lost in translation when you're telling your waitress, rather than the bartender, "I like X, can you ask the bartender to put together something?" I would be curious to see who is ordering the $125 chartreuses here.
This place is good. There's certainly plenty of hype around it. The cocktails are all very good but these days we're spoiled for choice in the cocktail scene. I thought the loud music was out of whack with the cocktail vibe but I'm glad not to have another faux speak-easy open up 'from the jazz age'. Good service.
Eh.  I came here right when they opened, as I live a mere avenue away and live for speakeasy-style cocktail bars.  Four of us showed up on a Saturday evening, right after they opened.  Upon approaching the intimidating bouncer (really, guys, this is Avenue B, come on), we were told he had to go upstairs and check if he could squeeze us in.  At 6pm.  After we told them we were looking for pre-dinner drinks (translation: not hanging around until midnight).  Lucky us, they could.   So, up we went where we encountered...emptiness.  One other table was taken up, and this was a big bar.  Clearly, they could not only squeeze us in, but give a whole corner booth!   The cocktail menu was exceptionally extensive and impressive, and whatever I had, which has escaped me, was good.  However, the fact that this place is trying super-cool and super-trendy and super-hip in a neighborhood that prides itself on being laid back has turned me off.  Maybe I'll come back one day, but for now, I'll stick to the Wayland and Summit Bar for cocktails.
The awesomeness of this speakeasy begins at the door, with the bouncer Henry, who is a wonderfully sweet guy that makes great conversation. We waited for around 45 minutes since we were a group of 5, but the staff was all extremely courteous and it was a pleasure chatting with Henry while waiting for space to free up. This place has a capacity of ~100, but takes reservations in advance so call ahead if you need to book a party! After hearing nightmares about how difficult it was to get into other speakeasies around the area like Death & Co, Pouring Ribbons was a great, chill alternative that has a really unique and varied menu. Even at your typical NY speakeasy prices ($14-18 a drink), the drinks are strong and high quality. I had the Death & Taxes cocktail, which is a solid choice for people who don't like very strong ("Spirituous", on the Pouring Ribbons menu) drinks. Also, this place has really AWESOME non-alcoholic beverages. With friends that don't drink, it's great to finally find a place where we can all hang out without feeling awkward or pressured to buy alcoholic drinks.
Places like this make me sad I moved to the west side. Went late-ish on a Wed night, so things were not too busy, but def not dead. Able to get a hightop by the bar without issue. I've heard this isn't always the case, so be prepared. Service was lovely from the start, even the bouncer. Hostess, waitress, everyone was friendly and chill, not at all snobby. Waitress knew her spirits and her menu and really helped us pick from the BOOK of options and limitless off-menu combinations. They also have a great scale they use to describe each drink, which helps narrow it down. Sat for a while, nearly until close, without being pressured or bothered or run into. Just phenomenal atmosphere. I hear they make this happen all the time by only allowing people to sit, or at least not to pack people in. They also haven't made the place super dark and secret-looking - it's actually pretty nicely lit for a bar, and casual, so it feel comfy and classy and authentic. This doesn't strike me as a hookup bar, more a place to ACTUALLY talk to the people you are with, or to make friends with strangers in a human, non-predatory kind of way. It's grown up in the best way possible. Bartenders are artists - that's all I have to say about that. Drinks are standard cocktail in NYC prices, but worth it. Loved it, will be back.
Good spot.   Friendly staff (once you get past the door guy).  Bartenders really did care that we liked our drinks and were very attentive.   Drink were very good...well man and well thought out cocktails. Areas to improve: Door guy was unwelcoming.  Don't be unwelcoming at 7:00 on a Saturday when the place is 1/4 full.  Welcome a couple trying to get a drink or two before dinner.
Cocktails: Engaging, delicious. They have two sections - House and Classic.  I love the scales they have for each drink - from refreshing to spirituous and comforting to adventurous.  It is a nice guide, particularly if you know what you like (and how drunk you want to be).  Interestingly, they have a wide selection of chartreuse.  I am not too familiar with this spirit, but I wouldn't mind spending some time at Pouring Ribbons to see what those Carthusian monks have got going on.   I tried the Dueling Banjos (Weller Special Reserve Bourbon, lemon, Eagle Rare Bourbon, Pierre Ferrand Dry Curacao, Corn Milk, and Mint), primarily because I am a bourbon girl and I was super intrigued by the corn milk.  Refreshing but adventurous, per their scale - which was dead on.  A friend had the sweetly-titled Sweet Valley High (Gin, Cocchi American, St. Germain, Grapefruit Bitters).  Spirituous and Comforting, it definitely would've gotten Elizabeth, Jessica, Todd Wilkins, Lila, Enid, and maybe Winston Egbert, and that chick who died of a cocaine overdose in On the Edge pretty hammered.   All drinks are $14. Service: Impeccable.  Our bartender was amazing.  The drinks he made were absolutely perfect and he did so with terrific flair (sans flair buttons). And if you're not into the menu, I betcha he could make you whatever your pretty little heart desires. The Food: don't bother.  Maybe they are still working things out, but the charcuterie should be more appropriately called jerky.  It was embarrassingly chewy (still good, but impossible to have a conversation for like 5 minutes) and the hummus too simple to be paired with bland crackers.  Both dishes ($6 each) were served on wrinkly paper plates which didn't connect well with the sexiness of the cocktails.   Atmosphere: a couple of us wondered what had been there before it, and I think it was more a sign that we could tell something had preceded this place.  You know when you walk in a place and it just feels cozy and, like, lived in?  Yeah, this is the opposite.  It feels new, looks new, and seems like there is someone waiting in the wings to paint over it and start fresh with something else in the next few weeks.  I'm not saying it's super bad - in hues of mauve and hushed blues and teals, it's calming.  But something's missing.  What is it?  What is missing?  Let's figure it out, PR, so you can get rid of that jerky business and rise up to 5-starred perfection.
Somehow my friend discovered Pouring Ribbons and thought it was perfect for me. It features a chartreuse collection. Bam! After spending hours wandering around cold NYC, we were ready for a drink before Ko. We were at Pouring Ribbons door as soon as they opened. We headed upstairs and seated ourselves at the bar. We discovered our bartender used to live in Colorado, so talked about that and swing dancing. Between that conversation, we managed to enjoy one delicious drink apiece, talk about chartreuse labels, a digestive apertif I found in Portugal, and vintage chartreuse acquirements. Our cocktails were enticing, flavorful, and picture worthy. Do you ever battle between desire and fiscal responsibility? Desire won as I order a half ounce of the 1940s era green chartreuse. I took pictures of the chartreuse collection, both green and yellow 1940s era chartreuse bottles, and my drinks (1 2012, 1 1940s pour). Words cannot describe what I tasted. You must discover it for yourself.
Came here with a group for a friend's birthday, so I wasn't sure how the reservation system worked, but we just went up to the bouncer, who is, by the way, a MSU fan (we're Michigan grads). He was able to promptly let us up the stairs after a couple Michigan jokes. No wait. Awesome. We were a big group, too. The drinks are great. Nice ambience- I think they only let in enough people to have a tables so it's nice not having to bump elbows and fight people for seating. It was good for a crowd. Very chill.
As we were leaving for our trip to NYC, the latest issue of Imbibe arrives on my doorstep announcing Pouring Ribbons the Cocktail Bar of 2012.  Perfect timing.  We make a mental note to try to make it there during our trip, but don't get too excited because, while I am sure the editors of Imbibe have fastastic taste, I don't want to get caught up in all the hype. I will just say. They are absolutely correct on this one.  Well, maybe.  I haven't been to every bar in the country - though, we are certainly getting up there in numbers.  We were totally blown away with Pouring Ribbons. First, they have a gentleman for a doorman.  Great.  This person is the front of your business and the first person customers remember - great customer service goes a long way.  They are definitely doing this right! I love the atmosphere inside.  It's cozy while still being modern and updated.  It's also larger than other NYC bars, which is nice.  They still do not allow it to get crowded or cramped. I especially appreciate the scale letting your know how adventurous or refreshing your drink  is.  It makes it very easy to choose the perfect drink for your mood. I tried the Ragin' Glory and the One Flight Up - two of the best drinks I have ever tasted. Our server was very friendly and prompt, and while we didn't need her guidance, she seemed very willing to give assistance and made sure to come back after each round was delivered to make sure we were happy with it. My advice - go now.  Before everyone else finds out about the place they have a line around the block.  It's going to happen.
I'm giving Pouring Ribbons a lot of credit here for ingenuity. The resultant drinks were a bit of a mixed bag for our table, but I'll give these guys credit - they are adventurous in a way that few cocktail lounges are. Our group hit Pouring Ribbons based almost entirely on the fact that they were named the Best Cocktail Bar in the US by Esquire magazine (and by extension, David Wondrich). We went early to avoid the crowds and, on arrival, we were met with a bouncer outside the door that was just a complete jackass and seemed wholly disinterested in interacting with any other human. I still don't know if this was a ridiculous attempt at the whole modern "speakeasy" or if the bouncer was just an ass. If it is an attempt at the modern "speakeasy," it's way off the mark - this wasn't playful and fun, it was just uncomfortable. Fortunately, that was a small part of the overall experience. Once upstairs, we were surprised with the size of the space. We figured that an artisanal Manhattan cocktail bar would force you to cram yourself into a space the size of broom closet, but not so here. The room is airy and nice with huge windows facing the street. The cocktails were all excellently prepared, though some were bigger hits than others in our group. The Tropic of Cancer was an absolute surprise to me. One of our group ordered it and it was phenomenal - spicy, packed with flavor, and just delicious. The Prabu Punch was good, but probably overrated based on prior Yelp reviews. But, again, Pouring Ribbons gets a TON of credit from me for being as adventurous as they are. I enjoy places that push the boundaries of food and drink and, even if the end result doesn't blow me away, I'm willing to give credit for the effort.
I'm a huge cocktail fan, and I really enjoyed Pouring Ribbons. I really liked the vibe.  You still get the "hey cool, i'm at a bar not everyone knows about" feel, without the "pretentious/this place is trying way too hard" vibe. The bouncers and wait staff were extremely pleasant.  The menus are really easy to navigate, and have a guide for flavor exploration/preferences. The bar is a pretty nice size, and also not really dark.  (I have no idea why it drives me nuts when bars are really dimly lit, but it does.)  They also have a number of different table sizes, so its not exclusively "a date spot."  Overall, it was a nice atmosphere, with good drinks and good service, where you can actually hear a conversation.
Nice new cocktail bar on Ave B. Really great decor and great service. They have a substantial staff so you don't wait long for your drinks. We were seated at a table and our waiter (is that what they're called in these places?) was attentive, kind, and helped guide our drink selection when we wanted something off the menu. I usually only get that kind of guidance when I sit at the bar but I was pleased that our waiter knew his way around the back of a bar. Had them make me a Pimm's Cup, which they "winterized" - I'm assuming they rely on seasonal produce since he said they couldn't use cucumbers; mine came with blackberries, a bit of grapefruit, and ginger. A really nice change to the classic and exactly what I was looking for. A good Pimm's is hard to find in the city and this was a wonderful replacement. Tried the Death and Taxes. This drink is so smooth. Gin, a bit of bourbon, grapefruit bitters, and a few other things. Bouncer was rude to a friend who showed up late to our party, though he was great when we all showed up. I get that these places try to keep the number of people in the bar low, but I wish she didn't have to make a hassle to get upstairs. So what if there wasn't a seat at our table? One of us could have happily stood. 4 stars because I'm sick of places in this city saying "oh you can't do an add on."
I'm from Nashville, and Patterson House there is perhaps the best bar in the country, and particularly for mixology. That's not just my opinion -- it's the opinion of several friends from LA and NY that visit too. I was very excited to see that the guys who opened Patterson House have now opened Pouring Ribbons on the Lower East Side in Manhattan. I finally made it down there tonight, and I was excited to see the bar thriving and doing so well here. The room is quite large, but it is warm, friendly and classy. The menu is more extensive than Patterson House with about 20 specialty cocktails, another 20 or so classics, and a fairly long wine and bourbons list. There are also some food bites, but nothing that seemed too appetizing to me. The menu could use something more fried or crunchy -- after all, it is a bar -- but I do confess to being a southerner. I love that the menu ranks the drinks on a scale from refreshing to spiritous (strong and stiff), to comforting and adventuresome. I of course chose the spiritous and adventuresome. I had a spicy cocktail made from chili-infused tequila, coffee, and bitters that was small but so packed with spicy / sweet deliciousness that it took me an hour to drink it. I followed up with a whiskey on the rocks that the server recommended. It was so smooth and perfect that it didn't need a mixer at all. The servers and bartenders were incredibly nice - mostly male rejects from Mumford and Sons -- and very knowledgable about the menu, as I've come to expect from this group. Troy was my server, and he did an incredible job of being attentive, patient, and helpful. This is now one of my "go to" places in NY. If only they were in Hell's Kitchen. If you haven't experienced this place or Patterson, you gotta go.
This has been my favorite bar ever so far. Me and my husband decided to take a bar hopping trip to NYC to the "best" cocktail bars in manhattan. We tried over 15 bars and this was the one that clicked in every sense of the word. The menu is very original and interactive, the staff Floor and behind the bar are very educated and super easy going, there isn't any snootyness here every one is down to earth, the balance of cocktails was top notch, food is good and even the bouncer Henry is part of the experience. The Pouring Ribbons experience starts right at the door till you leave, deff thinking of going back to NYC just to visit this bar I HIGHLY recommend it!
I like a nice cocktail, and Pouring Ribbons has quite a few of them. On top of that, the bartenders are really friendly and outgoing.
You won't find a sign. Look out for the bouncer in a suit on the sidewalk. Get carded (yessssss thank you! what is up with NYC not carding me yo?? I don't look THAT old!) walk up the stairs. Get greeted by a friendly hostess who will take you to a table. Trust the bartenders. They know what they're doing. Well balanced, tasty, amazing drinks. Don't know what you're in the mood for? It's okay. Check out the nifty little graph they have in front of their menu. Personally I enjoyed the Dark & Stormy
Bouncer had an attitude and was a big D to my boyfriend's sister who forgot her ID.  Inside service made up for it though.  We got a nice big table by the front window and drinks came out quickly. I especially liked their menu that plots the drinks on a coordinate plane of refreshing to spiritous and comforting to adventurous...I got the Paloma and Moscow mule.  It's much bigger than the other speakeasy joints in the neighborhood, so good for groups.  Just get there early and don't forget your ID!
I came here on a Friday night around 7:30 / 8:00PM with a friend for a pre-dinner drink. We sat at the bar. The bartenders were friendly, engaging and willing to survey our tastes before making the drinks. After getting into conversation with the bartender, he even let us sample a drink he was making. The drink menu is extensive and interesting. I will need to go back to try some more. They seem to know what they are doing here. The only thing I did not love, was that the space was big and it almost felt empty when we were there. This can be both a good or bad thing, depending on the type of evening you are looking to have. Also - it was only 8:00PM on a Friday...
Got here around 10:45pm on a Saturday night and there was a small line out the door.  Apparently there was a private party or something, so it took about 25 min to get in, but it was definitely worth it.  This is definitely a nicely decorated bar, with good spacing - at no point do you feel that your being squeezed in with a ton of other people.  I tried two drinks, the Goon Squad and the Moscow Mule, they were both good.  I would definitely try this place out again.  Drinks were about $14 each, which is typical for a high end mixologist type place.  They also had a larger selection of drinks than most other places, which is nice.
Great cocktail spot. Private, low key, unpretentious. The cocktails are very high quality and the music is low enough that you can easy have conversation. The bartenders are also very personable. It's a tad more expensive than other nearby places, like The Wayland, but worth a shot. Note: The bouncer likes to mess with you a little bit, but in a harmless way. Just be polite and roll along with it.
bouncer calls upstairs (its on the 2nd floor) when you arrive to figure out how many your party will be (to provide for seating). cool space, dimly lit, but with enough room to have close conversations without whispering. very tasty but typically expensive drinks. very nice waitress. would come again if im looking for a dark cocktail bar for a couple of expensive drinks. Definitely a place to either start or end your night.
Recommends: Spirit of Diplomacy, Fast Times Ordered: Choose Your Own Adventure, Spirit of Diplomacy, Fast Times Spent: $14 per cocktail, $7 for nonalcoholic I am going to have to say that this is now one of my favorites in the city. First, they have the amazing guardian at the door, Henry, who keeps you entertained while you wait for a table to open up. Better than the grungy bar scene, most are seated intimately at the tables. Even the waiters/bartenders are dressed in prohibition gear. Definite recommendation for date-drinks. Cocktails were well made and unique. They pay a lot of attention to detail--even the ice were shaped differently depending on the drink. It's one of those places where you sit down, order one (more expensive) drink, then chat and sip for hours. One drink is strong enough and will last long enough for the night for those with tighter pockets. All in all, the atmosphere and the amazing cocktails have definitely won me over.
Went two nights in a row. Even when it was busy the bartenders took time to talk to you and make a delicious drink.
The bouncer is indeed chatty - enough to make my introverted self want to run the hell away and not come back. Yes, I'm sure my husband is there. I don't really care that no one up there is not expecting more people in their group. I just...I just want to drink. The bar was half empty. C'mon. Chatty bouncer aside, the space inside is nice. The drinks are arranged by how adventurous, refreshing, classic, etc you are feeling. I enjoyed both of my drinks, one of which (!) was a "I like spicy things" bartender surprise. (Imagine that. I'm looking at you, HSL.) The food snacks are lovely, and very small. Not really big enough to ease the booze burden on your stomach, but that's precisely why you drink, innit?
I've never really done the speakeasy thing but I'm a sucker for a good drink and this place hit the spot. I liked the entire experience from the teddy bear doorman to the relaxed atmosphere and staff.  It took my cousin and I a bit to decide but our waitress was patient.  Of course the drinks and the "bites" really were the best part! I had a ginger cocktail which blew me away!  I also thought the hummus was great too.  Very fresh.  I also like the goat cheese.  Yes as other people mentioned, I would not come here in hopes of having a meal.  The bites really are just snacks - very yummy snacks. I cannot wait to come back!
The atmosphere was great. Noise level was appropriate for good conversations. Drinks were exceptional. Very high quality. I rate Pouring Ribbons a 2 because when we arrived the door man/bouncer ignored me and my friends along with about 7 other people standing outside because he was on his cell phone ordering his Chai tea with 5 sugars. It was cold outside and snowing on us. Eventually after we were inside 2 of my other friends arrived to join us. The door guy/bouncer wouldn't let them in, stating that they didn't have enough servers inside. 20 minutes later more people were entering the lounge area. This ruined my night and we left to meet up with our other friends and enjoyed our night better elsewhere. I wouldn't go back.
Came here to grab drinks with group of friends for my bday and the place wasn't stellar but it wasn't bad either... they do have some creative drinks but a bit pricey.  My GF did email them in advance to let them know that we had a group of 8-10 people and once we got there , they had a nice table set up for us.  Everyone's drinks were pretty good and unique...the charcuterie tasted a bit funny.   This place is good for catching up with friends and having a conversation oppose to a place like Fat Buddha one ave away that was seriously a hellhole.
I've been here twice two nights in a row, and I have to say I'm really a fan of the cocktail scale they have going on here. Cocktails are rated on an x-y axis of refreshing-spirituous and comforting-adventurous. I've tried the Fort Julep, Spirit of Diplomacy and the Rake & Consort and all of the cocktails were stellar. They also specialize in chartreuses, so if you're into that, go for it. The place has a sort of retro school hall feel to it. I really love the curved windows that overlooks the street. The place is painted in this saturated and rich teal color, and even the wooden flooring is stained in this teal color. It's on the second floor of a nondescript-looking Alphabet City apartment complex, but the carpeted stairs definitely make you feel like you're being transported into a different world. And oh, I love that it's still relatively unknown. Makes it a nice quiet place to hang out.
Who knew such a beautiful cocktail bar could be found so far east in Alphabet City! My boyfriend and I went to Pouring Ribbons after dinner on a Friday night. When we arrived, the bouncer called upstairs and the hostess seated us at a tall table by the door while we waited for a smaller table. I quickly decided to go with the bee's knees while my boyfriend studied the menu with over 30 types of whiskey. The bee's knees was delicious! Perfectly mixed. The waitress was very nice and knowledgable. Overall, we had a great experience. The atmosphere and service were both great. Prices are reasonable. I will definitely be back!
Outstanding cocktails and a great staff. I have been to most of the well known cocktail lounges in the city. After leaving pdt  we stumbled on the pouring ribbons. This place has by far the most well thought out cocktail list in the city and the bar tenders were great.  At other places some of the bar tenders just seem to get annoyed when you want to talk about the drinks and what they are doing. This place was not like that. We talked to all of the bar tenders on both nights we were their. Yes two nights in a row, we had to go back and try more drinks.I was super impressed with the level of knowledge that all of the employees had about all of the cocktails.  If you are into this type of bar then this is the best one. I say go!!
Located near 13th and B, the guy standing outside with an earpiece helps identify the location for the bar located one flight up.  After a pleasant greeting, he alerted the upstairs host that a trio was coming his way.   After the short flight of stairs, we were immediately led to our table and took in the space.  It was larger than expected with three areas: the bar space, the mid-tables and the window area- although this description may makes it sound smaller than it is.  The space has rich teal ceilings and lighter walls in the same color family, while the warm wood paneling, flooring and bar provide a beautiful visual contrast.  In sum we concluded that it had a kind of academic feel- like the posh, hidden library that usually only the Blair Underwood type students can access. The service was impeccably friendly- at one point our server noticed my straw was a little short and brought me a new one.  One girl in our trio opted out of any alcoholic beverages and her water glass was kept full at all times as well.  (I did my part and had an extra on her behalf). For each drink on the menu there is a sliding bar for 2 sets of variables: Refreshing to Spirituous, which was easy to decipher and held true in the drinks ordered.   It's less subjective than the next set which was Comforting to Spirituous.  I benchmarked my expectations against the Negroni, listed under classics as adventurous.  It's a pretty unique flavor though- so the sweetness of my choice of the Bonita Applebum should not have surprised me as much as it did.  Containing Apple Brandy, Pineapple, Sailor Jerry Rum, Egg White and Campari it's a pleasant drink, although there's a lot of sweetness and not enough counterpoint to balance it out.   Deciding to stick with rum, my second choice was the Surabaya Sling with rum, lemon, Cocchi di Torino, Spice Trader Syrup and Root Beer Bitters.  This was also on the sweet side, but was highly enjoyable.   Should I venture another trip when I'm in town, I'll be more daring and try the concoction with drink with corn milk and two bourbons.
I love this place!  Awesome cocktails and very spacious, (two things that do not typically correlate in NYC).  I arrived at 7:30 on a Friday and there was still a lot of space, but it did start to fill out around 9:30, but comfortably so.  The sleek interior made me feel like I was on a Mad Men set, and the drinks aren't far off, either.  I didn't see January Jones, though, so I should probably dock a star.   I had the Ragin' Glory and Haberdasher - both very good - and as other yelpers have noted they provide a helpful scale indicating how refreshing or spirituous (boozy) and comforting vs adventurous each cocktail is.  I was impressed by their extensive offering of Chartreuse - something you don't see a lot.  Very solid from a mixology perspective, this place.  Enjoy ;)
I had the good fortune to be able to check out Pouring Ribbons this week for the first time and all I can say is that it delivered in every way. The space is great, the overall vibe is low key and not over the top, the service is incredible (thanks Ryan!) and the drinks are top notch. I personally went with a mix of old and new (an old fashioned and the Dueling Banjos) and although I am not an expert on cocktails, the old fashioned was the best I have ever had and the Dueling Banjos was as equally impressive. All in all this is my favorite type of bar. A very approachable hangout without being to stuffy where you can casually enjoy amazing cocktails with friendly and knowledgeable service.
If you've been watching the cocktail scene, you've heard about this place. Well, it's finally happened, and finally opened, so I went along last night to check it out. To my dismay (no, really, I'm joking*) I was only able to stay for one drink instead of my plan of working my way through the entire menu.  Joaquín was fantastic behind the bar, and although my friend's drink was slow in being constructed (there was some sort of delay that we couldn't identify), it was well worth the wait. The menu has one of the best inventions in modern times, too.  At the front is a drinks matrix that puts pretty works on "boozy" and "easy drinking" on one axis and "wow" vs "comfortable" on the other.  I'm sure I've never seen anything like it before and it makes for a great addition, having personally lost track of the times I really wanted a drink with a bit of welly and ended up with a spritzer by mistake because the ingredients looked interesting. Be assured, I'll be back.  The place just opened last Friday so is still working up to volume. Last night (Wednesday night) it was quiet through the early evening but I expect that to change soon. High points: - everything on the menu. Low points: - none See you there! (*no, actually, I'm not)
Super nice bouncer but very weird woman managing tables. She needs to learn how to juggle groups.
Another great place from the guys that have made some of my favorite bars in the past. I came here during the first week of the operation being open and was very impressed. The menu is pretty unique in that they have established two scales for each cocktail on the menu to help describe the taste of the beverage. This is something that I have not seen before and thought it quite helpful to figure out how something will taste before you even purchase it. All of the drinks that I had were well made and super tasty. I believe all of the drinks here cost $14 which is not outrageous for Manhattan. The only snack I got on the menu was the beef jerky and it was tasty. So I would definitely get food here again. One of the most unique portions of their menu is that they have a whole section devoted to Chartreuse. I had no idea that there was such a difference in taste for older / bottle aged / vintage Chartreuse. It was really fascinating to taste an older vinage and compare it to a present day bottling. I have really never seen anything like that before on a menu and was really intrigued by it. Thanks to Owen for walking me through that part of the menu. In conclusion, I think this is a really nice spot. They have high quality drinks. The atmosphere is nice but not too fancy. You owe it to yourself to check this place out.
Least talent, yet most 'claim' I've ever seen go into a cocktail. Avoid and go to Mona's across the street or spend your money at Death and Co down the block
The wait to get in was a bit of a pain but the doorman was nice and friendly. It's an intimate bar with dim lighting. Great drinks and ambiance ill definitely be returning
Came here on a Sunday night, no crowds, chill service, hilarious bouncer. Soft lighting, a dark blue/green theme of sorts, with dark wood tables that have slots in the side for the menus. Pretty cool. I got the Teddy Bear here. A mix with some really smokey whiskey and hints of blue/blackberry. A little on the sweet side, but not bad at all. Some pretty adventurous drinks here, although expect to pay for it. Haven't found a favorite drink here yet, but will be back someday.
I really like Pouring Ribbons. I tried planning a speak easy night with a friend, having never been to any of them I was having troubles and may have been getting in over my head. So I couldn't get reservations at PDT or Raines or Milk and Honey!!! Which I later found out that I could have gotten into PDT and Milk and Honey. Anyways - I read the reviews about the doorman and everything, I was really excited. after 10 minutes with him we were allowed upstairs. The decor is really nice inside had a good crowd, I'm into this. The only thing that I guess I wasn't expecting is it was pretty loud. But that didn't bother me, I just thought it was going to be all hush hush. So I had an old fashioned and I've forgotten what she had. But it was goooooood like really fucking good. I actually really liked this place and would say that it is right on the edge of 5 stars. I'll round up because it was a good night.
Loved this place. Went here on a date and we weren't disappointed. Amazing cocktail menu - I want to try every one of them! You can tell Pouring Ribbons is brand new - fresh paint, new wood floors, etc. Give it 10 years and it will feel like some stories have been made within the walls. I don't know if they do or not, but I think they should get some live music in the place - would be a nice addition to the atmosphere. I'll be back!
Hands down, no second thoughts, this was one of my best experiences ever in a cocktail bar. We started off with arriving at the front door and their doorman radioing up stairs to check the availability. So maybe it was half full when this was being done, but let me explain why this is still equally as important. It insures that... 1) You will have a seat 2) The host/ess will not be running around like a madman when looking to seat you 3) You are comfortable With that being said, we head up the beautifully carpeted stairs and into the main room. We walked into an open and comfortable space, where the hostess sat us at the bar as requested. We are first greeted by Joaquín Simó, pouring us fresh waters into their tempered water glasses, and introducing us to the Pouring Ribbons menu. I don't ever really say this, but this menu was incredible.. and what I mean is not just what was on it, but the layout of the menu is something special. The cocktails are all gauged from "Refreshing" to "Spiritous" and "Comforting" to "Adventurous", which is amazing just on its own..but they also do a huge favor by numbering the drinks. There are countless times I've been at a cocktail bar and have over heard someone struggling to pronounce the name of the cocktail they'd like. Generally that's enough to turn someone off to ordering it, this yet again makes this numbering system and taste scale another way Pouring Ribbons makes this experience all about you being comfortable. From there on we ordered several rounds of cocktails. I would go into describing them, but do you need me to tell you that these professional "mixologists" whip up a mean cocktail? No, we just know they do. Both Joaquín Simó and Will Elliott were amazing when it came to our cocktails and easily made that part of the experience alone five stars. Bow tie orange peel garnish, awesome. On our cocktail rampage we decided it would be a good idea to try some of the food. Salami, Beef Jerky, Flagship cows milk cheese. Holy cow! There is a great emphasis on freshness from their cocktails to their garnishes...but their food showcases the attention to detail in serving a product that is fresh and great tasting. After we finished the first round of food, we needed another it was so good. We told Joaquín that we'd really like the jerky again, but to suggest another cheese. He told us what he'd think would go best with it, but when he got back to us he told us the cheese he had suggested was fresh out of the freezer and still not quite the right temperature to be served and instead gave us the goats cheese they had. How is that not incredible service!? That is commitment to providing only the best product. End of the night rolls around and it's time to head back to Brooklyn.We were so thrilled with the night we convinced the bartenders to take a shot with us..so we cheers the two bartenders with a shot of Cynar (Chin-ar),  pay our bill, and head on our marry way. We might have also asked the doorman to take a photo of us...which he was very collected about considering that is by far the most annoying request to get at a bar. There is so much more I'd like to say..but if you are some sort of snob who wants a smack in the face of originality and the balls to adventure out side of their whole "I'm a big bourbon guy" personality, order one of their more rare Chartreuses and ask them to tell you about it. I'm sure your mind will be blown.
I think this place is still slowly gaining popularity as it just opened in the fall, and it's way out of the way in Alphabet City. On a Wednesday evening the place was half empty, although that didn't prevent the bouncer from giving me the impression there was a "strict door policy." This place is definitely spacious with lots of tables. It's not the velvet couches / dim lighting feel that so many of the other speakeasies opt for. More chill, more low-key. In addition to signature cocktails like Old Fashioned and Dark and Stormys, they have a large selection of original creations. All drinks are "rated" on 2 separate axes: Refreshing to Spirituous, Comforting to Adventurous. Both of the cocktails I selected were high on the Adventurous scale. The Prabu Punch, which was bourbon, orange cordial, and pumpkin syrup, seems like a go-to drink for autumn, when it's decorative gourd season and everything from my coffee to my mouthwash is pumpkin-flavored. My second cocktail was called Corn & Rum?....or something to that effect? This one I enjoyed less as it was loaded with molasses and was just outrageously sweet. Typical $14 price tag for drinks. Overall the cocktails are inventive but don't quite fire off the tastebuds as much as some of the speakeasies in town.
What a great place to come meet friends and just get a really good drinks, and the service was great. Bartenders knew what they were talking about with the drinks. Def come back again.
A cool enough place with pretty good drinks. The atmosphere could use some work, it was a little sparse. As far as craft cocktails bars go, this is one of the pricier ones and the drinks could have been a little stronger in my opinion. Worth checking out, but for my money for this area, I much prefer The Wayland.
Cocktail list is extensive but there is really no vibe. The night we went there was a wine tasting event so we had to wait a little while outside. Overall good experience, good drinks, nothing special.
A relatively new speakeasy which is actually not too hard to find: go to the address and look for the door that's labeled "Pouring Ribbons" with a bouncer standing in front of it. The place itself is pretty big and occupies the entire second floor of that building. There's even an area that can accommodate a larger event. The cocktails are all plotted on the two axes which you can read about on their website. All in all, I'd say that the two hot drinks on the menu weren't as good as the cold cocktails, and that even drinks labeled very highly on "adventurous"-ness were still definitely within the realm of what I'd expect from a speakeasy (which means that the non-adventurous drinks were indeed a bit boring-feeling). Take a risk and choose something adventurous!
I am so reluctant to write this review... completely because I want this place to remain a treasured secret! If you like death & company, raines law room and the like, you will love this place! Location still has the feel of a speakeasy because the door is somewhat hidden and the bar is on the second floor. However, once you are inside the space is more spacious than most of the comparable locations in town, which will be a plus in the future. Started off with a cocktail from their usual list, both drinks were great, well balanced and refreshing. What makes pouring ribbons unique is their collection of chartreuse liquer. We tried some of the affordable stuff, which was a great experience and a very unique drink, worth trying. Finally, the service was great and the bartenders were friendly and creative. As a seasoned speakeasy style bar rat, I would definitely recommend this place. Best of all -- drinks are reasonably priced for their quality.
Horrible place.. Worst treatment at the door. Not the bouncer but the idiot who is taking care of thr resevations... Even we had a birthday party reservatition he would not let us in and lied saying he did not have the reservation .  Will never go back there again!! And recommend you don't either. I made a official complain
Pouring Ribbons is a really chill place in the East village.  Super cool drink menu with Refreshing, Comforting, Spirituous, and Adventurous mixes.  Try the Duck & Cover, tastes like "Warm Apple Pie" /Apple Crisp, but cold.  If you're like me,  try this Holidays Away, which is the most Spirituous and Adventurous drink on the menu.
speakeasy? i question myself because there's an obvious sign outside that says "Pouring Ribbons" so not exactly the most secret bar out there YES the bouncer gives you a hard time EVEN THOUGH it's empty inside.. i think they are trying to keep the 'speakeasy" reputation... TIP he likes when you call him the very sexy man Let him know how many people are in your party & if enough of the party is present, you can be seated first as you wait for the others... RSVP's aren't necessary & we had a party of 10 on a saturday $14 cocktails: they were okay, but on the weak side! --passing notes: very refreshing!! my favorite of the one's i tried --dear prudence: one of the most popular, but I wasn't a huge fan NOTE: it's easy to pay separately even if you're in a large group
Love me a proper cocktail bar. Classy establishment, with seating only service to maximize the drinking experience vs. the crowded bar jam (the way it should be). Don't know if I'm too much of a believer in the scale system they use to classify drinks - if you can read all you need to do is look at the ingredients in the menu to decide whether you will like something or not - but they know what they're doing. Personally more a fan of the menu-less type of bar (less restrictions) but can't complain.
Besides sporting a deep menu of various aged Chartreuse bottles (seriously, how cool is that?), they have a unique and innovative list of new cocktails.  I love that they show you where each drink is on the two dimension scale from Refreshing to Boozy and Comforting to Adventurous.  My favorite was the Lust for Life, which is probably the best mezcal cocktail I have had to date. I will definitely be going here again.
Amazing evening. Awesome Company, Good Drinks, Great Decor, friendly staff with unique style. Love it. I ordered the Spirit of Diplomacy and Eleventh Hour on the waitresses recommendation. Spirit of Diplomacy was the only vodka concoction that wasn't your run of the mill martini or gimlet, and it was delicious. As for the second round, I decided to be adventurous, but when I realized there were no other vodka drinks to order, I got a bit nervous, and went to Rum. I had our waitress give me a recommendation based on Rum- good, Ginger- bad, Fruity- good. Eleventh Hour was meh, but I'd get the Spirit of Diplomacy again. Seating is pretty nice and ample, and the vibe is cool. Pricey evening at $14/pop, but definitely fun!
Went to Pouring Ribbons on a Friday night at 9.  It would be difficult to find, if there wasn't a bouncer standing outside the door.  He was very friendly, but we were made to wait for a few minutes outside which seemed a little excessive after seeing how much free space there was inside.  Once we were ushered inside and upstairs, the host immediately led us to a table for two (no open seating here it seems).  No questions about how many we were - the bouncer had apparently informed the host through a wireless mic/head phone set!  It was nice to have a guaranteed seat, but I was surprised by the complex process.   The cocktails were great!  They are too expensive at $14 a piece, but that's NYC for ya.  I had the "In Spades" and the "Prabu Punch" - both excellent bourbon cocktails.  The In Spades was much stronger and I would only recommend for serious bourbon and scotch drinkers.  The Punch on the other hand was extremely nice - not too sweet, but subtle enough for someone who might not usually order brown liqour.   The two not so great points about this place are 1) the noise level.  It was very difficult to hear my date at times, which was really disappointing during such a pricey night out.  And 2) the food options - there really aren't many.  We ordered a cow cheese from Beechers, and some cornichons.  Each plate was about $7 and was hardly more than two bites.
New, spacious cocktail lounge in a hidden upstairs location.  I went on a Friday night and the wait was short and the bouncer was very nice.  The waitstaff was friendly and knowledgeable about the drinks.   The bar was extremely spacious, to the point that it felt kind of cavernous, and everything seemed brand new, especially the wallpaper.  It was missing coziness or some sort of vibe as I think the place needs to be broken in.   The cocktails were mapped on a cool two dimensional cartestian coordinate system that was supposed to describe the drinks.  I didn't really follow the chart but the drinks I ordered were delicious and strong.  I had the Spirit of Democracy and the Death & Taxes.  They were both well-crafted with fresh ingredients.  I'm a fan of gin-based drinks and I always make sure to order one, the Death & Taxes was unique and exceptional.   One of my friend got the Dueling Banjos and the corn milk was interesting and very tasty.  However, my other friend who ordered more traditional drinks, the Mai Tai and a margarita, didn't like either of them.  I found them to be average, the Mai Tai was fruity and sweet and the margarita was nothing special but strong.  That aside, I finished them for her and left happy.
A wonderful establishment with far and above the best selection of chartreuse I have seen in NYC. A friendly place whose menu speaks for itself. I appreciated the relatively simple atmosphere. Refreshing in a town where most places look better than the drinks taste. This place was a win on all sides.
Love this place. Actually would love it keep it on the DL since I'd rather just have it to myself but alas good news is meant to be shared. Had the "In Spades", "Lust for Life" and "Ragin Glory". All solidly uniquely created drinks with character and thought. If you enjoy an old fashioned on the no so sweet side, Ragin Glory is definitely for you. Lust for Life is great for the lady friends and In Spades is just fun for all. The staff is super friendly and attentive. As an analytics nerd, love the chart on the menu too. Keep up the awesomeness. =)
I've had this bar on my list since it first opened. I got a great opportunity to check them out when my favorite travel magazine AFAR hosted an event here. I got to try a few cocktails as well as a Mezcal tasting. The cocktails were excellent as I expected. I also like the space a lot. Granted, it does feel like it would get so cramped easily so I'm glad I got to come on an event. The bar itself is beautiful but I also like the space by the window where you can people watch from above. Over all definitely a cool lounge and I'd be more than happy to come back again.
The space is large and comfortable.  The cocktails, despite odd ingredients, always synthesize to create a delicious drink (unlike certain other LES bars -- *cough*deathandco*cough*).  The bartenders are very accommodating, though going off menu can be a challenge.  My favorite drink off the current menu was the Sprezzatura Royale.  Pouring Ribbons is definitely my new favorite LES bar.
Pouring Ribbons is a little out of the way for me, but it was worth the trip. It's easy to miss the modest entrance, but once you spot it, past the doorman and up the stairs you go to discover a spacious, dimly-lit cocktail bar that feels suspended in time; somehow outside of the City. I desperately wanted it to snow so that I could watch the flakes fall through the vast arched window overlooking the street. Pouring Ribbons manages to strike a balance between old and new, resulting in a classy vibe that's both low key and approachable. Service is impeccable; attention to detail is impressive. There were little cubbies in the tables for the well-designed menus. As for the drinks - well, I had a sip of one, and it was tasty. I fully intend to return and sample their range of cocktails both classic and innovative. A word about Pouring Ribbons' menu, here: they've charted their drinks on a graph that locates them between variables such as "comforting" and "adventurous" - I don't recall the exact classifications, but my friends and I had a fun time musing over them! Recommended without reservation - Pouring Ribbons exceeds even Death & Company in vibe, service, and product.
It was Friday, I came home from work and was thinking the whole time "Where should I go tonight?" Pouring Ribbons. I've never been here but read a lot of good reviews via yelp, eater, new york, etc. Since this place seemed popular, I arrived a little after six. I see the green awning and was greeted by a big jolly bouncer and the hostess. He asks where my friends are and I explain that their in the industry, working. And I like to drink alone time to time. We chit chat for a little bit and finally he opens the door for me and I head upstairs. Wow, I didn't expect the place to look the way it did. The decor was totally on point, some high top tables surrounded by stools and a long bar in the back with a slight arc. All wood with liqueurs proudly stand a top the bar. The hostess seats me at the bar and places a menu in front of me. The place was empty, only another person on the bar. I look it over, I was feeling bourbon and ordered the 'in spades' The bartender and I chit chat a bit, whom is actually one of the owners, while he's mixing my drink and sets it in front of me. I took my sip and it was what I needed to end the work week, smooth, peaty and balanced. A moment later another bartender stands before me and starts to do some tricks with cherries and other fruits. I just raised my eye brow and continue sipping my drink. We chat for a little bit and I order some more. All the drinks came out perfect, well except for my mint julep, it tasted different from what I'm used to, more fruity and floral but nonetheless, still good. By now it was already eight pm and the place was getting filled in. Chatter filled the air, drinks were being made  and I was drunk. Time for me to head to Brooklyn.
Two thumbs up for the menu that situates every cocktail on two spectra from "Refreshing" to "Spirituous" and "Comforting" to "Adventurous". And then some for including the same information below the description of each cocktail. The menu sports some dressed-up renditions of old favorites (Sazerac, Tom Collins, Sidecar, Moscow Mule), as well as some original concoctions. I recall something with a real smoky mezcal that tasted like a cigarette. A really delicious cigarette. Not really a speakeasy. Certainly more brightly lit than one, and built atop a liquor store of all things. $14 a pop.
i've only had their lust for life drink here..and i just have one word.. AMAZING. one of the best cocktails i've had! simple yet delicious!
So I'm walking my dog last week, and notice some fancy lighting and well-dressed people looking down at me from the window above the liquor store. Then I spot the dude in a suit with an earpiece standing by a random doorway. Must be a new "speakeasy." You will notice the quotations. I'm not exactly sure why any bar that wants to wear bowties and roll up their sleeves whilst concocting complicated cocktails feels the need to buy into the prohibition-era speakeasy theme. There's nothing wrong with just opening a classy cocktail joint and then...gasp!...putting up signage. Particularly when you name the place something cool like Pouring Ribbons. But I digress. After a few obligatory inquiries from the doorman, we were allowed entrance, and seated by a very efficient hostess. Our waitress helped us choose drinks, and attempted to explain the menu-graph - which is a neat idea, but doesn't really do much to help pick a drink. The drinks themselves were excellent, and crafted with care. The decor was...barren. The lighting was...bright. For a new place, still finding its groove, it was very good. I went fairly early in the evening, so I would be interested to see how crowded they let it get later on, and what the vibe is. Word around the joint is that the proprietor is a Death and Company alum, which has to be a good thing. So kudos to him on the opening, I have high hopes.
With all the speakeasys popping up all over the place and each of them bringing their own attitude, here's hoping that a good one like Pouring Ribbons can stay around and do well. We tried about 8 drinks between the 3 people in our group and they were all really really good.  I think this place would work for a date, a group (smallish), a meeting, a party (again smallish.  The place could do it all.   The staff from the bouncers to the hotesses to the bartenders (err, mixologists?) they are all top-notch, friendly, and most of all engaging.  Interested in what you like and dont like, willing to give you a try of something, wanting to perfect whatever amazingness they are making for you.
Hidden upstairs lounge. Fancy cocktails. Friendly & confident bartenders or passionate "mixologist". Good for a drink or 2.
One of my new favorites in NY - I will be back.  The entire experience was lovely.  When we first met Henry the bouncer, we knew it was going to be an interesting experience.  After chatting a bit and sharing some laughs, which I assume is his way of screening clientele, we were let in to an airy but cozy space with great natural lighting.  I loved that it wasn't pretentious.  I also have never seen a chartreuse list before, which was intriguing.   My friends and I ended up trying a number of drinks--the ones that stood out most to me were the Teddy Bear, Mutiny Suppressor, and the Corn & Oil.  They also did a really nice Martinez.  We were quite happy by the end of that evening.  The drinks are were balanced, interesting, and well presented.  We just wished Henry could have sat down and have a cocktail with us but alas, he doesn't drink.
I went here last night and am really glad I did. We went at 6 and also had an odd bouncer experience (as others have mentioned). But he was extremely friendly and only said something about having to first go upstairs to check that they were ready. I ordered the Connie Corleone and my companion had the Po Po something. Both were very tasty and strong. What really made the evening though was Otis the bartender. He was very professional - he definitely had the moves - but he was also personable and unpretentious and clearly enjoyed making cocktails. We got on the subject of chartreuse, so he offered us tastes of a few he had. We had dinner reservations or otherwise we would have been happy to have another (and another), which is dangerous because $14 a pop quickly adds up. The drinks are pricey but worth it, I think, given the quality of the craftsmanship and ingredients that go into them. The room itself wasn't anything special, but it was early and we liked being able to stretch out at the bar and have a conversation without having to scream. We will be definitely be back!
Great, dark and classy jazz-style bar on Ave A and 14th Street. We were happy to discover Pouring Ribbons, located on the first floor over a liquor store, and find our ways up the stairs passed the doorman. The staff was superfriendly and the drinks menu looked promising (read: stylish/expensive). I was very happily surprised by the wide range of Chartreuse liquors they serve, and just tried one afraid for it being really expensive. With 6 dollars, I regretted not having taken a second one - absolutely fantastic, that little strong drink! All in all, great place, the music was a little too loud for my taste to be able to hear what my friend was saying, but I guess that's Friday night... and I hoped more to find a bar to relax and sink back in some cushions while sipping a good strong drink. There is a couch in the corner, but we couldnt get it. Will be happy to go there again to try some more of those Chartreuses, ready for a good night next time!
The bouncer in front cracks me up.  He's so friendly, like a big teady bear you'd want to hug.  He definitely gets a 5 stars for doing his job right!  I like this place bc it has a chill and relaxed vibe.  Their menu will help you look for what your taste buds want.  I normally go for something less adventurous and more comforting.  Even when I order the lightest drink, I still think it's strong.  So yay to them for making strong drinks!
I popped in here for the first time last weekend for a pre-dinner drink on Saturday night at around 7p.  It was still relatively quiet, which was nice.  The space is great -- feels like a mix between something saloon-y and speakeasy-y but also somehow modern -- and the host and server were both attentive and helpful. There's a pretty expansive cocktail list (no beers and wines, from what I could tell, so don't go expecting those things) featuring a page of more interesting house concoctions, a page of "standards," and then numerous pages of just liquor (including, impressively, many options of chartreuse, which, while not actually helpful since I don't drink chartreuse, is kind of cool). I tried two different cocktails and sample two of my table mates' drinks -- everything was fantastic.  The house nuts were tasty, but the portion was small for $5. My only real issue with this place is the price: $14 across the board.  I get that one pays a premium for craft drinks in the city, but given its out-of-the-way location (it's also up a flight of stairs), I'm not sure the price tag is justified.  That said, I'd definitely go again.
Now I know that the PR machine behind this place has been set into overdrive - with write ups in the Wall Street Journal and elsewhere. There are good service people here, the bouncer and manager in particular. But I had a rude interaction with a barman, and I felt more like Purging Ribbons afterwards. My initial barman was a gentleman with that film noir era gelled comb-over that is so prevalent in the artisanal hipster cocktail scene, while the other guy looked more like he was biting off Side Show Bob. We ordered cocktails with the first guy where I quite unabashedly requested a 'boozy' drink. The cocktails are $14 by the way, so a loose wrist is much appreciated. I got my drink, had a few sips, and while the flavor was good I thought it could be stiffer. The other bartender addressed me, and asked how it was, where I related, and rather politely, that exact message. He asked me by what measure I determined this. Refusing to resort to 'stating the obvious', and taken aback by his audacious request, and I told him that there was maybe three because that was standard. He replied that there were 2 ounces and that was the strongest they served and no other standard cocktail place does more than that. If I wanted more, I could be charged by the shot with a 'double' costing me $28 dollars, and that I shouldn't worry because this drink was more than enough 'to get me there.' One moderate cocktail and no buzz later, I requested to speak with the manager. I know every house has its rules, and I wouldn't have minded if he had appealed to just that. I didn't appreciate the condescending attitude and downright yarn he was spinning. Many fine cocktail bars will top you up with a little more if you ask, because it costs them next to nothing to do so. And three oz. of liquor is also a prevalent benchmark for a drink that is requested 'boozy'. If its just a matter of 'dem's the rules' that's fair enough - I'll silently retreat and take my business elsewhere. But I don't need to be schooled by a barman with a chip on his shoulder, when I've been a staple lush at plenty of more established and service oriented cocktail joints in the city. The reason I gave two stars instead of one is because the manager politely dealt with me when I complained.
I really need to stop going to bars owned by the Death and Co. owners. Drinks were ok, but not really worth the hype. I got there at 10pm, so my wait to get in was short, since I only had a party of 2 and the groups ahead of me didn't have their whole party present. I really give this 1 star because of the bartender service. There were only 2 bartenders and the one in front of me was only making drinks for table service and the large party in the front. The other bartender kept forgetting to make my drink and the bartender in front of me had to keep reminding him. Drinks took forever from the other bartender. He seemed to spend more time chatting and taking shots than actually making drinks, while the bartender in front of me was making drinks nonstop for 2 hours without a break.
Hands down my favorite place to go for a really interesting, multi-layered cocktail. The ambience is not my favorite -- it's quiet and has a sure-fire speakeasy feel, but it's a bit corproate for my tastes -- the cocktails and the service, however,  are so incredible that in my book it wins top dog anyway. I love that they have a special chartreusse menu, and that they rate each cocktail on a scale of 'comforting' and 'refreshing' so that you know what to expect. I love the wacky ingredients (i.e. corn milk, garam masala pumpkin syrup, etc.) and the mind and tongue-numbing concotions that ensue. I highly recommend for cocktail fanatics everywhere.
Amazing. The best cocktails in NYC! A beautiful room with a great vibe and the staff is fantastic.
Great list of interesting cocktails and the menu is very clever - drinks range from refreshing to spiritous and comforting to adventurous.  They have some yummy snacks, too, curated by Beecher's (!!)  It's of course expensive, as all these speakeasy types are (is it really a speakeasy? verdict is still out), but it does was it does well.  I think they could do a better job with seat set up.. it's a little quiet as a result of weird spacing out of tables, but maybe that's intentional.  Regardless, this is a great spot.
Bouncer is annoying, server was nice. Drinks aren't that strong and overpriced. Music is too loud for a speakeasy. Chairs are uncomfortable and could be trimmed a few inches.
Loved the atmosphere and the whole vibe.  Services was great, and they have a big selection of drinks.  Our cocktails, alas, were not the best I had, but I will certainly return for another try.
Strong drink, nice atmosphere (cute speakeasy), good for group hangout or date, service was a bit slow though
This place is wonderful! Definitely a gem in the neighborhood. It's very classy and generally quiet, a great place to get away from the college crowds. The bouncer is courteous and the hosts/waitresses are very polite and patient. The drinks are impeccable and although we didn't try any of the food, I'm sure it would great as well. This is definitely not a place to get drunk with a large group of friends, it's much more intimate and the drinks are far too good to power through, you should really enjoy each one. A great place for dates or small gatherings with friends. Oh, and the music is amazing!
I have been to Pouring Ribbons twice and I will probably go again.  The cocktails are some of the best I have had.  They are creative without being weird. Something about the place is just a little too calm for me though. It is not easy to explain. It is just missing the energy of Death & Co. but the drinks themselves are just as good.
Its a hidden second floor gem on top of a liquor store in the East Village. Upon entry, I am greeted by the matre'd and given the coolest metric driven drink menu. LOVE IT. We both had a drink and I ordered the smores. My error, I expected more than two tiny little chocolate/marshmallow cookie. Next time, I shall come here but definitely not for the smores.
Cute! This unpretentious and spacious bar hits the right amount of "cool" but "laid back" with not overly loud music and SUPER nice waitstaff. I came here with a girlfriend and a GiltCity voucher and we each got a cocktail (Hot Toddy and Gimlet) as well as a choice of charcuterie and a cheese. We got the Beecher's cow's milk cheese (yum!) and the sweet soppressata. All was fantastic! Plus! The little tables have a cute hideaway to store your drink menus!
This place is hidden on the second floor with a bouncer standing outside on the sidewalk. It seemed to me that they liked to make this place seem like an exclusive club. When the bouncer asked us what party we were with, my boyfriend said we were with Jimmy Page's party. I thought for sure he would know it was a joke since it's obviously a famous rock star but he called up asking for Jimmy Page's party! He laughed when we told him as he let us inside. The place was kind of empty so I didn't really think they needed all of the fuss downstairs. The drink menu is fun with matching drinks per your tastes and adventurous levels. The dark and stormy really good. The atmosphere is cute and they looked like they had good snacks though we didn't try any. Good date place.
The cocktails here are well thought out, interesting, and delicious- fresh ingredients and they even have a chartreuse collection. The atmosphere was missing something- the space was huge (not sure what was actually there before) but it was very sparsely decorated- not sure what kind of bar this place is going for but I don't think they have even figured it out yet! The food: Don't bother. We tried the hummus, which was an odd consistency and not like normal hummus, and it was served with these odd tasteless crackers. We also ordered one of the cheeses, which was fine, but again, served with the odd tasteless crackers. The bartenders and servers were very friendly and well-informed about the drinks as well. All in all, I'd recommend this place for the cocktails!
A new bar in EV. Remember the exact address otherwise you will pass it even without noticing the blue door. The bar is upstairs with a large window on the street. Like many bars I've been to in Manhattan (or the Violet Hour in Chicago), you are necessarily assigned to a table. You'd better go there not to meet new friends or you would be disappointed. I was not a big fan of all the cocktails we tried so only 3 stars for me...
I never Yelp but based upon my experience last night at Pouring Ribbons, I must. I I have never had such disappointing service and been treated so rudely at a high-end cocktail bar. To preface, I am born and raised in Manhattan (UES) and am a huge drinker and am very up on my cocktail bars and restaurants. I wanted to give Pouring Ribbons a try since it is a newcomer, so I went there with my best friend (also native New Yorker and big drinker). We were going to have 3 other people meet us within the hour. We came in and were greeted politely by the bouncer outside. He was the best part of the evening. Upstairs we went and decided to sit at the bar. Mistake. Instead of focusing on the cocktails and the well-known ergonomics of this bar, I was preoccupied with the rudest of bartenders who proceeded to ruin my over-iced drink and condescend us (yes, I know that large cube is supposed to melt slower and keep my drink cold, but it really doesn't need to be in this one since there is only a 1/4 of an inch of drink anyway...yup, they are $14 each). We each got a drink. We both told him we wanted our drinks to be boozy. I was somewhat happy with what Joaquin made me. It was fine, not amazing. My friend--not so much. Since we both like a certain burn going down our throats as we drink, we decided that her drink was a bit weak for our personal liking and thought it would do no harm to ask Joaquin if he could add a bit more alcohol in it. This is just something that I do now and again when I think my drink is weak and usually, they have no problem doing it. As Joaquin was preoccupied with the register, we managed to get the other bartender's attention who asked how he could help. Let's call him Bob (née Sideshow Bob). My friend proceeded to ask Bob if he could make the drink stronger. She joked nicely that she judges her drink by its opacity and it was too opaque. She was trying to ask nicely and not sound too demanding or rude. Usually, a bartender's response to this request is "Let's see what I can do" (remember, the customer is never wrong) or "Usually we don't do this, but I'll give you a top up" (reminder, your bar is new, you want to get some repeat customers) or at the very least "I''m so sorry, but we only put in 2oz of alcohol and unfortunately, we really can't put in more". Instead, his series of responses, after he apparently asked the manager went something like this: "Um...well...do you want an extra shot? That will be $11 more, so that would make your drink $25" and "Nooooo, 2 oz is STANDARD. I have NEVER heard of anything more than that. No waaay!" I proceeded to tell him nicely that he was wrong about that. "No waaay!" he doth protest! I referenced my absolute favorite bar in the East Village, Louis 649, just around the corner, and he had never heard of it. Well, that's where we went next and met our 3 friends that did NOT come to Pouring Ribbons, and each drink we ordered had 3 OUNCES in it. After this little confrontation (where the outcome was 2 upset customers who did not get a top up), my friend and I muttered about the rude service. Possibly, he heard this and came over to attempt to remedy the situation, and save his now meager tip. He asked how our drinks were "otherwise". Really?? He then proceeded to say to my friend, "Don't worry, you'll get there.You'll get there", as if to insinuate that she will get drunk off of this drink. Not only is this unbelievably rude, but he has really missed the point. People also drink to enjoy the drink the way they like it, not just to get wasted. We were taken aback by this comment. My friend politely asked to speak to the manager, who (SURPRIIISE!) was Joaquin (I had no idea beforehand that he was also co-owner) who really did try to say the right things. So much so, that I did not believe that he was really sorry about the service. As a manager you would think that he would say "I'm so sorry that you had a bad experience here, here's a free nip" or "I'm sorry about that, why don't I comp one of your drinks?" He proceeded to say "So, it's not what he said, it's how he said it?" which was somewhat true. True: Bob could have nicely said that he wasn't allowed to put more alcohol in the drink instead of telling us we were wrong about other bars & not listening to us, and then condescending us. I was happy that Joaquin somewhat understood why we were upset. But, try as he might, he really missed the point of our conversation, which was to give him an opportunity to make up for the bad service and make us feel like he valued our business. Instead, he told us that he hoped we had a "great holiday with our family" (whaa?) and wished us "an even better New Year". Well, you guys will be lucky to  SURVIVE the New Year with your attitudes and warped idea of customer service. Good luck to you, because I will never be back here. Not only did you send off 2 offended customers, but you lost 3 more last night, and got a bad Yelp review. All for one little top up.
Love love love the refreshing to spirituous and comforting to adventurous level markers. Its always fun to try these new speakeasies on rainy weeknights so that seating is less of a hassle. Last night, I tried the Spirit of Diplomacy, sweet valley high, and daiquiri. All three were spot on in terms of their cocktail scale and taste. The mixed nuts and cheeses work perfect as accompanying snacks. Service is awesome and the place itself is spacious. I'm really pleased with the lighting. I'm so over these places that dim the lights so low I can barely see the glass in front of me.
I cannot get enough of this place! I dont care that their drinks a $14 a pop, they're totally worth it!! I think this is by far my favorite speakeasy.  Their drinks are innovative with an old school touch, very classy! I am not a whiskey drinker by ANY means but Jordan (their AWESOME bartender) had me drinking bourbon like it was apple juice :) The prabu punch is packed with flavor and delicious! Death and taxes is awesome if you're into Gin like me! There was a jalapeno tequila/coffee drink that was....WOW! very complex flavors, spicy and strong! I highly recommend this place if you want to go somewhere where you can sit down and actually hear your friends talk :)   The people that worked here were great too- full of exciting travel stories and very attentive!! Cannot wait to be back :)
This place is FABULOUS. Ok, it's a little pricy.  Fine.  I happen to be the type of person who likes to enjoy one, MAYBE two drinks in a night, and I want them to be DAMN good.  So, it's perfect for me.  They're creative, friendly, delicious, and the atmosphere is fun, like a classic old fashioned bar. BUT THEY JUST RETIRED MY FAVORITE DRINK, THE PRABU PUNCH!  BRING BACK THE PRABU PUNCH!!!!!
Joaquin Simo is the best bartender in the country. Not only does he put together incredible creations - but he will also sit with you for an hour just talking about the history and science of cocktails. He cares THAT much. This is his first big partnership venture, and it's adorable, low key, and fantastic. Go early, like all these places, to make sure you get in. Mean bouncers unfortunately give these places a bad name on occasion.
One of the biggest let downs I've ever had in NYC. The bouncer at the door wouldn't let the couple in front of us, said the place was "too packed." We somehow got in after, there were about 5 empty tables, and it was far from full. Did I end up in the Meatpacking District by mistake? Also the decor was out of Appleby's.....left much to be desired. The menu was cool as it described the drinks appropriately but the drinks were far from imaginative. Maybe I'm spoiled because I live in alphabet city where bars like Summit and Wayland are elevating the cocktail bar scene. By itself this bar is mediocre and terribly overpriced and a bit snotty I would venture to say. Compared to the other cocktail bars in the neighborhood I don't see a single reason to ever come here again. EVER. And seriously whats with the bouncer making this place feel like Club Exit in 1999?
Very cool, sophisticated  cocktail bar hidden on a moderately sketchy street in Alphabet City.  They have the most inventive menu of any bar anywhere. Must be seen to understand.  The drinks are expensive but expertly made and we got into a lengthy discussion with the bartender about Chartreuse and were offered samples which were much appreciated
Great ambiance, great drinks, what more can you ask for.  It has the feel of a dive bar, but more talent than any of the super swank places I've ever been to in NYC.  This is mixology at its finest and when you watch Troy, Toby, and the rest of the mixologists here do their thang.. you will never look at drinks in the same way ever again
Drinks were really good but the place itself and the crowd were weak. It was a Wednesday night though so maybe it's better on weekend nights.
Really fun cocktail lounge that feels exclusive but not stuffy. We went at about 10 pm on a Friday and only waited 5 minutes. It was the perfect type of crowded inside, full but not packed. Drinks are expensive and it's hit or miss with them, as the combinations are very unique. The first drink I got, I hated - $12 down the drain! Regardless, it is a really cool place to go with a few friends since it is intimate enough to have a real conversation, unlike most bars.
No disrespect to Death & Co, but this is my new go-to for delicious and spiritous craft cocktails. An unassuming door on Avenue B leads you upstairs and into a magical haven of beverages. It seems like everyone is in a great mood here--staff included--and it made me want to imbibe all the more and longer. Two house cocktails stood out: Hagar & Helgar and Death & Taxes.
I've been here twice in two weeks, and have really enjoyed my drinks both times. I had a Ragin' Glory and an Eleventh Hour. Both were well considered and well executed. The place is quiet, open, and looks kind of old-timey, in a classy way. At fourteen dollars per cocktail, I'll be drinking a little slower, but who says that's a bad thing? These drinks are damn good.
Went to Pouring Ribbons on a Monday night with Gilt City deal, the location was easy to find but I admit it did have that sketchy feeling, it's located right in front of "former" projects, I guess now they are apart of NY's Affordable Housing program, anyway, me and gf show up no rsvp, no problem, there is no marquee so you have to know where you going, the doorman is there and we walk up to him and while he's polite he's very dismissive as if we aren't standing there. After a second he apparently gets his bearings on himself and proceeds to check our Id's then we were lead inside, the drinks were phenomenal, I don't remember what I had but I think we had probably 3 drinks each and after the second we didn't need another but they were so dang tasty we had to order another, I also nibbled on some beef jerky that they sell which was tough but extremely tasty, nothing much to the decor inside, this place is very much LES chic, I'm definitely fan and can't wait to go back.
Definitely a good call on the proprietors' part for snapping up the 2nd floor of a random bldg on B - as in, you have an ENTIRE floor to cause a ruckus in. Really appreciate the variety of seating options - from cozy 2-tops to high-top communal tables to large group-sized banquet seating - and the fact that the interior decorator decided to buck the trend and install some actual lamps. No need to peruse the menu thisclose to your face, or risk setting fire to your person from the surplus of candles. Huzzah!
Decent enough once you're inside, but the doorman will make you wait for ever for no reason.  I went here on a Saturday night with one other person and only got it without waiting too long because a friend was already inside. Once I got in I saw that it was in no way packed and did not warrent any sort of wait.  The hostess was very nice  and moved my friends and I to a larger table since I told her I was expecing at least 6 more people - (so I assumed all would be easy moving forward).  I aked that she also let the doorman know, so they didnt have the same hassle I did.  Everyone was made to wait (for no reason) in the snowy cold, which is not the way to kick start a night out with friends.  We also had MORE than enough room for everyone.  I asked the hostess what the hold us was and she said that our witress was servicing 1/2 the bar and couldn't accomidate any more people at the moment which just did not make sense to me.  She also said that people couldnt just get a drink at the bar since that area was "reserved" also. I finally asked the witress if she would be ok with a few more people and although she siad it was fine, it still took too long for the hostess to tell the door man, to tell my friends.  I get that they don't want to let it get to crowded, and i LIKE that, but useless waiting when you are meeting friends with room at a table is pointless (and super lame).  Poorly executed all around.  Also, the place was nothing to write home about anyway.  I did hate it here, but I won't be going back, and def not recommended.
Great Mixologist, classy atmosphere, innovative menu with just the right pricing for their drinks.  If you want to have a well crafted drink without breaking your bank, this is the place to go.
Very nice establishment. Easy to miss since the door leading upstairs is obscured in between two small shops. The bouncer will give you a hard time but is a hilarious dude to talk to. After you get the nod, you walk up a flight of stairs and walk into a surprisingly large and well designed cocktail bar. Plenty of seating space and room to move, unlike many of the others in the area. We first came in late on a Sunday evening so it was on the empty side and we chose to sit at the bar. Turned out to be a great idea as the bartender was very conversational. The bartender, Troy, is also a partner of the establishment who came all the way over from Chicago to get this going. He taught us that evening about chartreuse, a liqueur which is infused with over a hundred herbs. Highly recommend to trying it out as it packs a flavor punch and manages to be refreshing at the same time. Drinks are right around $14 each, which feels about right in NY.
Just tried this last night during the soft opening.  Where to begin? If, like me, you spend a good amount of time in and around the East Village and on a barstool, you will be pleasantly surprised that this is another beast altogether.  No hidden, dark rooms, no precious decor, no foreboding members-only vibe, no menu requiring a rosetta stone and phD--just a beautifully decorated space with delicious drinks (complete with infographics!).  You can keep the skulls--I'll be enjoying the picture window looking out onto Avenue B. Joaquin Simo, the talented bartender who was one of the driving forces behind Death and Co, brings his talents to the bar along with Toby Maloney, Jason Cott and Troy Sidle.  The drinks are accessible and tasty--check out the homemade bitters behind the bar.  Even though it was only the staff's first night, they were well-trained, gracious and attentive.  Did I mention that they're hot?  Um, yeah, there is that...obviously, I'm far too sophisticated to notice, but you philistines might appreciate it.   Aside from the eye-candy, my personal faves are the blue floor and mid-90's soundtrack.  Solid. This is the unpretentious, good-natured, happy-go-lucky little sister to the tortured, gothy prohibition speakeasy.  Sure, the speakeasy might seem sexier at first, but the drama gets old, no? If you're looking for a great drink at a fun place with awesome service, then this is your New Favorite Bar.  Make no mistake about it, people.  This place is gonna blow up big.
Premium drinks made by a mixologist bartender. Love the drinks, decor, location, mellow crowd, and exquisite ambiance.
Love this new neighborhood spot. The service was so professional, kind & not pretentious at all. Loved my Ramos Gin Fizz that was made perfectly. Will definitely be back to this spot for a date night!
First I'll preface with I went on opening night around 10pm and having been in the bar industry for a number of years I understand that it takes a couple of weeks to get a new place running like a swiss watch, but there are a couple of things that really turned me off about this place from the get go. Upon arriving, you are greeted by an overly haughty junior G man doorman with an ear piece ala the Secret Service who enquires as to the number in your party and then radios upstairs (the bar is actually up one flight of stairs...) however on the night I went, he was kind of rude. There wasn't anyone else waiting to get in, so the velvet ropes seemed a little pretentious (the place IS on Ave B after all)  and he steered my date and I off to the side into a stream of dog piss so we didn't 'crowd the door.' After a few pointless minutes he let us go up...and the place was half empty. Ok...so the decor is a bit odd. For trying to give off the speakeasy vibe, the decor is kitschy. Its like what I imagine Room & Board would come up with if they put out a 'Speakeasify your Apartment' catalogue. The lights were up way to high. It was like Brother Jimmy's. The hostess was pleasant and very cute and sat us straightaway at two stools on the bar. Now...I'm a bourbon guy and I was very disappointed with the bourbon selection. Nothing remotely approaching top shelf sans a few japanese import selections at roughly $30 a shot as I recall. Nothing delicious from Kentucky. So I ordered an off menu cocktail that can be tricky in the hands of an inexperienced bartender: a Vieux Carré. My date ordered some sort of Strawberry gin fizz. Now, both of our drinks were very good. Joaquín, our bartender, was great and didn't seem to mind educating me on a few of the ingrédients he was using in the other drinks. However one of the bow tie wearing barbacks was constantly checking his iPhone throughout our visit. This is a huge pet peeve of mine! At least make an attempt to be discret about it. I can go down the street to Death & Company and drop $50 thank you very much...their staff make you feel like you're the only one in the joint. Bottom line, I might give this place another shot, but seriously...for the money...Dutch Kills and Death are waaay better. Sorry guys. 2.5 stars. I rounded down.
Pouring Ribbons is wonderful - all the staff is friendly and knowledgeable and accommodating. The drinks are delicious and all my friends were very impressed. The ambiance is set in such a way that it was busy but not overcrowded. I will be back soon!
Drinks were great and so was our waitress. However, the creepiness of the bouncer really turned me off.
Felt let down here-- cocktails had a little flair or two, but nothing special. the space feels institutional-- hostess with a waist walkie talkie + half-assed maritime decor feels like you're in a chain seafood restaurant somehow.  bring back Uncle Ming's!
Drinks are great. Services is great. Holding the line outside makes zero sense to me. I'm not sure if it's done to make the place seem exclusive, but the place was about 50% full and they were holding around 10 people outside. Further, the doorman is painful. Doesn't stop talking and is rude if you ask questions he doesnt like. Sad to say, but I won't be back based on him alone.
I checked this place out on a Thursday night with one friend, and we had no trouble getting in around 10:30 PM. I'm not really into cocktails - I'd rather have a unique draft beer than something with six liqueurs and syrups in it. However, if you're into cocktails, this place is most likely your idea of heaven, and they do make an excellent old fashioned, which is my go-to when I'm at a fancy bar. The service is impeccable; our waiter was attentive and really wanted to know what we thought of our drinks. The doorman and the hostess were very friendly, too. I like that there is no standing in this bar, you have to have a table - I hate being crowded into some trendy spot, so although this place is a bit fussy, at least it's comfortable. I do think that they should have at least a few beers on tap, though - right now they only have bottles. Having said that, I'll probably be back, as it seems like a fun place to bring guests from out of town or just someone that you want to impress.
what a find! after walking up the stairs, you forget that you're in alphabet city.  no loud music, no screaming, no fuss - just a beautiful setting in which to enjoy thoughtfully-prepared cocktails and good conversation. would recommend for a date or small group of friends.
I'm so lucky to live near this place. It may be a fancy cocktail bar on all the "it" lists but it feels like your neighborhood go-to that just happens to be serving excellent, smart, inventive cocktails. The staff is super friendly, all of them. The drinks are amazing. The space is designed with attention to the details without feeling uncomfortable or stuffy. I just wish I could find a seat at the bar on the weekends!
wow, a great start for a new place to get your fix of regular and unique cocktails.  The atmosphere is so inviting, that I will be back for another round.  The mixologists are accommodating and ever so helpful.  Nice place to hang out and meet friends after work.
Best cocktail bar in NYC, hands-down I recently had an absolutely awesome experience here at the hands of the expert mixologist, Amanda.  We sat at the bar which made the experience very fun and interactive.  Amanda was incredibly knowledgeable about cocktails; had great technique; and was friendly and warm. My two favorite cocktails were off-menu: a green chartreuse swizzle which was tasty and refreshing and a mezcal Sazerac with a chartreuse rinse.  Bonus, you get the chartreuse with which it was rinsed ;)  I was impressed with her ability to make previous menu items and to improvise.  I felt safe putting my cocktail experience in the bartender's capable hands. The space itself is a nice mix between a dark speakeasy and a warm inviting bar.  There's none of the faux exclusivity that goes along with places like PDT or Angels' Share (you're not a secret with that many Yelp reviews).  Thankfully just being a couple avenues over makes the place not over-run and possible to get into even on a Saturday evening. In the end, our whole group was thrilled with all of our cocktails.  I learned a lot from interacting with Amanda, and we left as happy campers.
Happened upon PR during its once in a quarter on the last Monday of the month in that quarter special event. It's a tongue twister, calendar counting shake of the head, for sure. There doesn't seem to be much rhyme or reason to it, but it definitely drew a fun crowd. The theme was luau-pirate-70s from what I gathered. All the people who knew they were there for the occasion dressed up and the place had a little tiki-ish vibe, but I'm not certain the decor that helped give it said vibe is regularly island-themed. Beyond the anomaly of the decor and fashion of the crowd, the tiki-inspired drinks were a lovely surprise, as I don't think these are always available. A girlfriend got hers aflame, which is an exciting spark any evening libation, and I got one a tall drink of water (that was really some rum concoction), sporting crushed ice and a surfbort! I was straight grainin' on that wood, if you know what I'm sayin'. We both loved our punch drunk love libations enough to order another round. Our server kept an eye on us the entire time to make sure we didn't get swallowed up in the craziness of the night. While I can't comment on the average night at PR, I can definitely say, it's not to be missed if you're on the hunt for a cocktail in the East Village.
I met someone in HK who referred me to this place and I look forward to becoming a regular. Cocktails are $14 apiece. Really like their menu and I tend to gravitate towards the spirituous/adventurous drinks - Trouble in Paradise! Menu at the place is even longer than the one online. Place is not so busy at 6-7:30pm on weeknights so it's nice to catch up with someone but is certainly more happening in the evenings (much harder to get in Fri/Sat late nights). Walk up the stairs and it's a pretty open space so you don't feel cramped like many other speakeasies in East Village/LES.
I never knew this place existed until my friend from LA came and we decided to bar hope around East Village.. Through yelping, we found this place.. Not a long wait for a speakeasy on a sat night.. It was a spacious "speakeasy" setting with several kinds of drinks on the menu and they will rate each drink by the alcohol level, the taste, adventurous level... so if you are in a mood of trying something really adventurous, you can decide a drink based on their rating.. I don't remember what I ordered.. All I remember was it has some pepper kick in it and I love it.. I didn't want it too strong because I wanna be able to get home.. Erin M. (when I am drinking, obviously she is invited :p).. ordered a drink with coconut milk.. I love her drink a lot.. I love how their table has a little hole underneath so you can put your menu.. the bouncer was really nice and never really gave us a hard time.. he joke with us when we were waiting for our table to be ready.. I would love to come back some time to try more drinks..
Such a spectacular evening at PR. Each libation was enjoyed even more than the last. The cocktails are made with such painstaking attention to detail, that you almost feel bad drinking them. Almost. The goodness passes your lips and you want more, but you're reluctant to do so, as you don't want your relationship with that cocktail to end. But end it must...because while you'd love another, you quickly realize that there are other varietals and elixirs that might, nay, WILL be even better. As we navigated our way through the menu, Joaquin was there, answering my questions with such a breadth of knowledge and passion for his craft that it was truly inspiring. The interior was spacious and somewhat authentic to the prohibition-style bars, but without being too kitschy.
Amazing drinks and great service! Adding this place to my favorite cocktail bars in the city list. I came on a Thursday night with my bf, we almost missed the entrance to this place because the bar's facade is literally a door with a bouncer, as the bar is actually located on the second floor. This bar has a seasonal menu and being a fan of summer drinks this place definitely has the right selection going on. I really liked the Wet Hot American Summer drink, which is very popular. It is a green tea infused drink with rum and tropical fruits, so yum! I definitely hope they keep some of their summer drinks around as fall and winter approach. Also, there is a drink map on the menu that categorizes drinks by how "comforting, refreshing, adventurous, and spirituous" they taste. This is especially helpful if you can't decide what you want! Great service and drinks - highly recommend this place!
This place is perfect for some one on one chatting. Not a huge fan of the decor. The light wood coupled with the smooth jazz playing gave the place a bit of a "my dad would like to hang out here" vibe. The menu is interesting- laying out the drinks on a scatter chart based of alcohol level and obscurity. Drinks are tasty, but the "adventurous" cocktails I ordered was mind blowing (regretting not trying the drink that contained greek yogurt). Our bartender advised that the menu gets updated semi regularly. I'd be willing to come back and try some of their autumnal selections. Overall a good speakeasy type bar, but there are better ones in the area.
I love this place. I live close by and it is definitely my go to place. I do not like to venture very far from the East Village on my nights out, and I really don't have a reason to when Pouring Ribbons is a ten minute walk. The bouncer knows my sister and me well by now, we never have to wait for longer than ten minutes to get a spot upstairs. When it's only the two of us we like to sit at the bar. The drinks are amazing, brilliant, I love their seasonal bourbon and rye cocktails the most but we have experimented with many of them and you can't go wrong. Minus one star, because we once started out the night as three girls, but our two girlfriends joined us later and the hostess was not very nice about accomodating them and was unnecessarily rude to us seeing she eventually did get us a larger table. It would've been easier if she had done it nicely. Otherwise, wonderful doorman, service, bartender, and strong drinks that will keep you buzzing through the night.
It's kinda hidden away on Ave B, an area I rarely get to. The hostess and waiter were so nice and friendly. They brought us over a shot of some fruit mixture that was delicious. I wish I remembered the name. i also had a glass of wine. The waiter was very good at recommending one that I would enjoy (white and sweet). The only thing I didnt care for was the bacon, peanut brittle appetizer. I think the combination of both items being salty kinda didn't work.
I am a huge fan of unique cocktail bars and NYC has no short supply. It thrills me when I come across one that has actual personality and fantastic cocktails, like Pouring Ribbons. The bar itself has a gorgeous wooden interior that is more classic than contemporary. We chose to sit at the bar, close to the mixing action.   Round One: Bad Habit - Wild Turkey 101 Rye, Cantaloupe, Cynar, Egg White, Laphroaig Quarter Cask: This was my favorite of the four that we tried and I would return just for this drink. The Wild Turkey 101 Rye and Laphroaig Quarter Cask gave it a nice, strong punch while the cantaloupe and egg white kept it fruity and frothy. I truly felt like a lady-like tough girl sipping on this wonderful creation. She's No Lady - Linie Aquavit, Lemon, Hayman's Old Tom Gin, Lemongrass Syrup, Celery Bitters: This cocktail was incredibly refreshing and absolutely perfect for a hot summer day. I recommend this drink if you are not looking for a strong flavor of spirits. Round Two: East of Eden - Citadelle Gin, Lime, Laird's 7  1/2 Yr Apple Brandy, Orgeat, Granny Smith Apple: Another refreshing cocktail with pleasant apple notes from the brandy. Chartreuse Swizzle - Typically, it consists of Chartreuse (a French herbal liquor similar to Strega), falernum, pineapple juice and lime juice and garnished with nutmeg and a mint sprig: This delicious drink was served in a tall glass packed with shaved ice to keep the booze level steady throughout. The menu at Pouring Ribbons has enough variety to keep me coming back and their garnishes are fresh and beautiful. The mixologists behind the bar are very accessible and will even write the recipes you would like to know about on the backs of their post cards. We had a great discussion about Chartreuse with ours, it was great to learn about a liquor that is, to us, unfamiliar.  All in all a great experience.
Wow, the night I came here with Shing and friends was not a night I expected to bar hop to different speakeasies. But hey, crossing two off my bucket list is surely nothing to complain about. Pouring Ribbons is in a very charming upstairs location, the stairs is a tad narrow but it adds to its ambiance. The seating is intimate and the lighting dim, to set the mood. The menu has a large variety for you to choose from... which makes it hard to decide because everything sounds so amazing. What I liked about Pouring Ribbons is that it's not too overcrowded and you can come to enjoy a nice cocktail and convo with your party. The drinks were top notch, as expected... but with so many solid choices, it was hard to finally decide upon one! Our waitress was patient and delightful. I definitely want to come back again a few more times to try some other drinks on the menu! Pouring Ribbons is everything a specialized/ bespoke cocktail bar should be like- great service, a little off of the beaten path, and most importantly, amazing drinks to throw back. Needless to say, I can't wait for my next visit!
