The other reviewers are so spot on.  But actually, there is so much more to say.  I have been diving since 1997, although not as much the last few years since I had younger children.  I was waiting for the day my triplet girls would be old enough for diving, and finally that day arrived. I am NAUI trained, and even though they are not the most well known, I believe in the NAUI training philosophy. I was so lucky to have found Oceanblue and Michael Feld. He meticulously taught the classroom material and pool sessions for my daughters and husband. I felt completely comfortable with their knowledge heading into the open water portion of the training. The best part was that we went on an Oceanblue trip to Cozumel on the girls' 13th birthday to complete their certification with Michael. I couldn't be more proud watching my girls, so comfortable underwater. Its a testament to Michael's comprehensive training. The trip was well organized and didn't require hours of my own work to set up boats and gear. Everything was arranged for us. Oceanblue offers the most you could ever want from a dive club.  If you just want to get online and read about diving...you can do that.  If you want to go to happy hours and swap diving stories and hear lectures...you can do that.  If you want to advance your dive training...you can do that.  If you want to go on a well organized dive trip...you can do that. If you want gear...Steve at Oceanblue's dive shop will order you whatever you need. Oceanblue is a truly comprehensive dive operation and it's free to get involved. I would not hesitate to recommend them for any diving services.
You know you're chicken of the sea when you always wanted to scuba dive, but can't, cuz you're too afraid of the ocean (hint: take a look at the image below) But have no fear because Oceanblue Divers are here!!!       I came with my girl friend and we both had so much fun! The people were absolutely friendly and knowledgeable. The location was a bit far, but beautiful. The pool was beautiful and very tropical-ish, while the experience of going underwater with a tank was amazing!! I highly recommend this surreal experience to anyone who wants to get their feet wet but are too afraid to do so in the ocean. o                                  / )                                        /   (                            ,                                __/     )                                      .' `;  o           _.-~~~~             ''---..__                         .'   ;          _.--'  b)                                 "" "" ''--...____.'   .'  .      (     _.      )).               `-._                                  /          `WW\)-....     .___"-     `-.                  __...--  '-.'.    jgs   '   '---......____... " --.`.___.'----... .'               `.; Btw, one of the best things about Oceanblue Divers, is that they are also a club which means they travel together as a group on vacation so they can enjoy swimming with the fish in its natural environment.
Having joined Oceanbluedivers a year ago, I have met lots of great and helpful people. They are looking after me, and introducing me around. I've been on a few trips organized by them already. It's a no brainer as it's free to join.
I was an active member of Oceanblue Divers for the two years I lived in NYC, and the group is one of the things I miss about the city. Besides attending most of the monthly happy hours (which are lots of fun, as well as informative with guest speakers), I also went on several group dive trips to Caribbean destinations (which are well organized and a good value). More than anything, Oceanblue Divers is a great group for meeting people who share your passion for the ocean, and who are a lot of fun. I made many friends with whom I am still close, even after moving away, and I even met my wife in the group! So obviously I can't say enough good things about Oceanblue. Whether you're a new diver, new to New York, or a veteran of both diving and the city, you'll enjoy getting together with this fantastic group of people. Just go to one of the free happy hours to meet some of them, and you'll be hooked.
THE MOST AMAZING DIVE CLUB EVER... I mean E-V-E-R!!!!! I highly recommend Oceanblue Divers. I went on the "Dive Your Face Off - Bonaire" 2013 trip in September and had the most AMAZING time. I didn't want to leave and I can't wait to go back! Michael, the owner, managed the trip to perfection while keeping everything upbeat and put smiles on every face [what we had left after diving our faces off that is :-)]. From the time you landed all the trip arrangements were made, including, transit from the airport, truck rentals, meals for early arrivals, condo and roommate pairings, schedules, dinners every night and more. All one had to do was come prepared to have a good time and dive, dive, dive your face off. I signed up to go on this trip as a single, buddy-less diver. Michael was attentive to any concerns I had, putting them all to rest and was extremely helpful with advice about diving gear to bring. I went on this trip not knowing anyone else (only meeting people at the happy hour before the trip), at the end of the first day I felt like I made 20 new friends and dive buddies. I learned a lot about myself on this trip. It built confidence in me not only as a diver but personally as well. Signing up on the Oceanblue Divers website is free and keeps you informed about all the upcoming trips (I want to go on ALL OF THEM) and happy hours. The monthly happy hours feature a speaker. The talks are interesting and informative. The happy hours also gave me an opportunity to meet other divers. I have made connections to many divers in the Tri-State area and even Florida from attending the Oceanblue Happy Hours.  I am beginning to feel like a true member of a great diving community, like I have a diving family. I will never be short of dive buddies, that is one thing I am sure of after joining Oceanblue Divers!
I've been going to Oceanblue meetings for a little over a year now. Every month I look forward to the happy hours which are always filled with lots of fellow divers, great friends, good drinks and free, informative presentations. They also have a website which lists all their upcoming events, training sessions and trips as well as having some cool networking and discussion boards to connect with other divers. I've been on one trip with the group and had an awesome time. Everything about the rooms and diving was taken care of. It had been quite a while since my last dive so it was really nice to be surrounded by some experienced divers. They definitely welcome people of all skill levels. Although I got my certification years ago in another state I did get a chance to check out the pool location they use and it is really beautiful. Michael did a refresher course with me there before the trip. It was great to be able to get back into the pool and review some important skills. He went over everything with me and made sure I was comfortable with all the equipment again. Oceanblue is a great place for divers to come if they are looking for training as well as a fun community of divers to connect with in NYC.
If you are looking to join a scuba diving club that makes divers of all levels and backgrounds feel welcome, comfortable and inspired, this is definitely for you. Michael, the owner, goes above and beyond to plan trips, happy hours and lectures that connect people who share a passion for this hobby. When I first contacted Michael about joining Oceanblue and signing up for the Bonaire trip, he was extremely personable and responsive, taking the time to understand what my needs/concerns were as a beginner diver and explaining how the club would meet those needs. He immediately put me at ease, sharing details of previous trips, explaining how he and other experienced divers are always there to help/guide beginners such as myself and making equipment recommendations that would enhance my diving experience. I took the plunge, signed up for the Bonaire trip, am just back and already thinking about the next one I'll sign up for. This is hands down a community that you'll want to join if you love diving, adventure, traveling and nature.
