Can't say enough good things about this place. I've been here on multiple occasions for facial treatment and my skin looks great for weeks afterward. If I could afford to make this a monthly ritual, I totally would. If you can get an appt, do it. It's totally worth it.
WARNING: Be careful with getting a massage here. After my friend got an incredible facial she was raving about Zahara, like so many reviewers here, and recommended I go for a massage. I have been getting massage for 15 years and even dated a massage therapist, so I can say with confidence that I know what is proper practice and what is not. The "therapist" was not only unprofessional in her massage technique but also believed herself to be a chiropractor. After attempting to "crack" my back and shoulders, I ended the massage immediately and complained to the owner. If I had wanted my back cracked in any way I would have gone to a doctor in the first place. The owner "fired" the therapist on the spot and then begged me not to sue. Weeks later I find out that the "therapist" is STILL giving massage there. I am shocked by all the positive reviews on Yelp for this place. I will never go back and cannot recommend this spa to anyone. Shame that yet another DTJC boutique has turned out to be a sham establishment, like so many others. Save yourself the trouble and pain, go across the river and get your services from professionals.
This place is very unassuming. It doesn't seem like it belongs in its neighborhood. Completely different environment as you walk in and the owner is super nice and energetic. I'm the type of girl who goes to Chinatown to get massages where you can hear what's going on in the next room and they time the massages down to the second on their iphones. So this was definitely a nice change. I love that they did aromatherapy albeit a bit strange to me in the beginning. I had a lady massage therapist who seemed a little iffy about what she was doing, but the massage was good. I'm used to those massages where they really just get in there and I have bruises the next day. But this massage was very relaxing and lovely. I still have tension in my back and neck, which is to be expected since I'm a dentist, but I feel rejuvenated nonetheless.
Zahara Day Spa, a jersey city gem. My entire body, mind, and spirit feels rejuvenated, energized, fresh and beautiful, and it's all thanks to Najat Hafdi, my Moroccan healer. I highly suggest going to the Zahara Day Spa to experience the love and magic that transforms you the minute you step inside. Extremely knowledgable about skincare, she will look at your skin and do just the right thing to bring out the glow and remove the toxins. I trust her completely. She is the gem!! Go! before she gets totally booked up.
Clean, warm and inviting location. Nestled in the heart of JC's up and coming neighborhoods. Easy to locate. Walking distance from Grove Street Path. Friendly staff (greeted me by name, asked about my preferences). Incredibly knowledgable esthetician. Loved that they did not push products or services. Reasonable prices. Walked away with a great feeling, and warm glow. Will definitely be going back.
Decided to book a massage on a whim and Najat was able to accommodate me at 6:30 on a Saturday.  Luis was awesome.  He is the shoulder/neck whisperer!  He was concerned about my comfort but also in tune with getting the job done.  I'm excited to have a local day spa to visit :)  Next up is a facial.
This was probably one of the best massage experiences I've had in a while.  Ive had  a few massaged in my time and enjoyed them - but this experience I not only got my aches to feel better but also felt like I was pampering myself.  The treatment by everyone there really made that happen. Najat, the owner and aesthetician, is great.  She is very out going, fun and makes you feel comfortable right away. The spa itself is very clean and has a relaxing atmosphere.  Lois did my massage and one I told him what was bothering me he went to town. Before you start everyone gets a nice warm foot scrub to get things started and you have great essential oils to choose from. He uses those oils and has you inhale them deeply a few times to help you calm down.  It was great. As far as the massage,   you can tell Lois knows what he is doing.  He did an awesome full body massage and really focused on the areas he found problematic.  It hurt so good.   They have tea, water, coffee before and snacks while you wait - and have a bottled water waiting for when you get out of your treatment room, as in Lois  was waiting for me with  water in hand.   The place is a little pricier than other places but the service and treatment you get make it well worth it.  Excited to try their facials and other treatments they offer soon!
I had my first eyebrow wax this morning with Najat and she is fantastic.  The spa is beautiful, clean, and welcoming.  Najat was very nice and very knowledgeable as past reviewers have stated. She took her time and gave me good advice for the shape of my brows and a plan to make them look even better.  I am definitely going back for a facial and a massage when I have more time.   Can't wait!
I usually don't write reviews, but I couldn't help it.  This is the best massage I've ever had! All the positive reviews are right on! I had Lois and he did such a fantastic job - I can only describe him as an artist! He worked on every area that I had tension in - and kept on coming back to work trigger and pressure points to alleviate the tension.  He used hot stones, warm towels, and helped stretch my neck and shoulders.  He really focused on the client experience rather than watching the clock and I felt completely relaxed and rejuvenated afterward. It was really an amazing experience and one I'm sure to repeat!   The spa is relaxing and very warm and welcoming :) and great prices.  Glad to have a spa like this so close to home!
I called earlier Saturday morning hoping to book a same day appointment for eyebrow waxing and was informed that they were booked, but they still asked for my contact information just in case someone canceled. Shortly after, I was called backed  because they were able to fit me into their schedule. When I arrived I was promptly attended to. They did an exceptional job with my eyebrows. My eyebrows remained in perfect form and the service was exceptional!!!
Amazed, blown away, so happy happy happy!!  This was one of the best spa experiences I've ever had. I'm Never setting foot in overpriced, over rated Bliss spa again.  I got a facial with the dermabrasion. Najat did an amazing job and great job at  extractions , which is most important to me in a facial. My acne prone skin looks and feels amazing. They include an amazing foot rub and shoulder rub too. Highly recommend this place. Can't wait to go back.
Very courteous staff. Najat did an amazing job with the facial personalizing it according to your skin and expectations.
Najat, owner of Zahara, has a following from Hoboken that goes back many years and is known for her amazing facials, quick and painless waxing, and eyebrow shaping, not to mention healing hands for massage which is incorporated into the facial.  She has been taking good care of my skin for years and is truly passionate and knowledgeable about European skin care.  I am so happy I have found her again after she left Marma Day Spa in Hoboken!
I had an acne clearing facial at Zahara Day Spa yesterday, and it was the BEST facial I have ever experienced. The owner is professional, knowledgable, passionate and just an overall amazing positive person. The spa itself is very serene, clean, and smells very good. The facial begins with a relaxing foot soak and massage. Najat did an excellent job during my facial. She was very thorough with the extractions. The massage during the facial was very calming. She truly is great at what she does! I will be returning once a month. Do yourself a favor and do the same!
Outstanding massage.  Pricey though
I've been seeing Najat at Zahara for over a year now and I will never go anywhere else for facials for wacing again.  Najat is the skincare guru, she will come up with a custom plan designed for your skin type.  She was able to fix my eyebrows after years of bad threading and wax jobs.  Highly recommend.
Had a deep tissue massage from Najat. It was terrific!! I have had massages at shi-shi spas, hotels, and resorts; this is one of the few that goes into your memory has a must go back. She concentrated on the spots I requested, really digging into the knots and working to get me some relief. She was polite, knowledgeable, professional, and the spa is very clean and well organized. I will definitely be going back as well as gifting massages to there for the hubs. There is a regular massage therapist, however he wasn't in that day.
I really liked the facial, a bit pricey but cleared my face right up. Very calm space and soothing vibe in general.
Very clean and relaxing atmosphere.  Nadjat and Luis are very professional and friendly.  Truly enjoyed my Swedish Massage.  Will definitely be going again soon.
AMAZING!!!!!! High quality spa service, excellent care and attention to detail. 100% recommendation for anyone needing any spa services. They are AMAZING!!!!!!
I was looking for a place to have my eyebrows waxed and walked into Zahara by chance. It is now my go to spa and I am so glad I discovered it. Najat is an experienced aesthetician who takes her work seriously, and her wealth of knowledge about skin care is impressive. Her facials are fantastic, and her eyebrow shaping is excellent. She has also developed a line of all natural skincare products that I am now using, and I am truly impressed by how effective they are. I have used other high end brands in the past and found the results just OK, but Zahara's are like nothing I've ever used. I really can't believe how good my skin looks. Nice decor, fair prices, welcoming staff. I really wish this place success and highly recommend it.
As many have said, Najat is amazing. I was extremely nervous about getting a facial given my sensitive skin. I would t trust anyone else with my skin. She has designed fee own facial line that is made from truly natural ingredients. I felt amazing after my experience here. In addition to the products the ambiance and Najat's calming but informative tone was really appreciated. I never felt nervous, she gave rationale for each practice, product etc. I will be back!
Went to Zahara for a wax, and it was a great experience.  Najat, the owner, is very friendly, and she was also incredibly quick and efficient.  It was as good an experience as a wax can be! I would also like to return for a massage or facial because the atmosphere is very zen-like - beautiful decor, peaceful music and lovely scents.
Best massage ever. Seriously. And I'm 55 so have had many! Luis is amazing. I came in massively stressed with much neck and back pain. Had 1 hour massage with 15 foot massage and feel like a new person! Like a two week vacation. Highly, highly recommend.
Best eyebrow shaping on the planet! Great shape and painless.
I really loved my experience today.  I went in looking for help with a problem area on my skin and the owner who performed my facial was very accommodating and sweet.  The atmosphere was warm and relaxing.   The spa is very clean and comfortable.  She addressed all my needs completely.  This will definitely be my new "go-to" spa!!!
Amazing facial by Najat. One of the best I have ever had. Every product she uses has such nice fragrance. She also massages your legs and hands and back before the facial which makes the facial a very relaxing exp. for the entire body!
Najat, owner and Esthetician is amazing! The facial experience is like I have never had before and she really cares about your overall health, wellbeing and skin. I will defiantly be back for this excellent service. Spa is super cute and clean.
I received THE best massage I've ever  had from Luis at Zahara's. Really amazing, I will definitely being going back.
Amazing facial and massage. What a wonderful spa experience!!  Najat and Louis are fabulous.   Worth every cent. I will definitely be back.
My girlfriend and I both received excellent and relaxing massages from Luis. The staff is courteous and personable, and the facility is very clean and nicely decorated. Highly recommended.
Best facial ever. The owner, Najat is the esthetician.  It starts out with a foot bath and only gets better from there.  Facial includes massage of arms, shoulders, feet and calves. Najat even extracted my ears. I would definitely recommend checking this place out.
Najat is amazing!!! She is very knowledgeable and passionate about her profession. Great service and great results. Book your apt NOW!
The best best best experience. I've never felt compelled to respond to a service on yelp,but Najat is a healer. I live in jersey city so I wanted to get a facial IN jersey city, makes sense. Thrilled to have found Zahara Day Spa.  I went in thinking "some people have bad skin and some people have good skin. I have bad skin" She showed me just how wrong I was. My facial started out with a foot soak and salt scrub to start, totally relaxing me and putting me at ease. Next was a thorough examination of my skin, and aromatherapy suited to me personally. I had originally asked for The Ultimate Facial that I saw on her website, but after taking a look at my skin, she came up with the perfect hour and a half , most amazing facial I could have dreamed up. Complete with an arm, hand, leg and foot massage as well as my shoulders, neck and back while we waited for some of the treatments on my face to do their magic. I'll definitely be going back. I already made my next appointment before leaving the day spa. I sent my roomate and another good friend to her as well and they left with the same positive enjoyable results that I did. I was so thrilled with her that I went in two days later to have my eyebrows done.  Hands down, if you want a facial, massage, wax etc. from someone who takes their job seriously and knows what they're doing, book a treatment ASAP, you won't regret.
I live in Jersey City and was really excited to see a new day spa open up in the area. I'm really into skincare and am an Esthetician as well. I went in for a cleansing facial yesterday and it was awesome! The spa itself is super cute and smells nice but most importantly she did a great job and is really passionate about what she does which is important in this industry. Not to mention I also learned I should extract my ears! The owner also carries her own skincare line as well without any crap in it which is a plus. This spa was very much needed in our area and if you want a relaxing facial with results, this is your place.
I went here to get my eyebrows done, which is a big step for me - I'm super picky about who does my brows.  Najat was great!  She took the time to do a great job and talked to me about what she was doing throughout it.  I'll be going back!
