I went to Body balance for the first time and took advantage of their great new customer price. The massage was nothing but amazing. I felt like my masseur, Eve, knew what spots that were most sore. I'll def be back.
There are massages, and then there are professional massages...and this place is legit!  The best experience for a massage I've ever had.  My gf and I went in yesterday for a couples massage, and we both agree it was the best massages we've ever gotten.  The staff was great, location was warm and inviting, and the massage itself was awesome.  We worked with Michael and Jennifer, and they were complete pros.  Would HIGHLY recommend them and Body Balance!
I have been a Body Balance client for 3 years. I first went as a birthday treat for myself when I lived in Jersey City and shortly after that joined their monthly plan. I now live in upper Manhattan and still make the trek to Hoboken because I have not found a better place to get massages, even in NY. I've received massages in Indonesia, Thailand, and other places around the US and Body Balance still ranks among the best. Body Balance is not a conventional spa but a place for your body to truly heal from physical discomfort. The rates are competitive and their therapists are stellar; Michael and Gio are my favorites.
I've been going here for years now.  You can't beat it.  I often will skip a spa visit on vacation and just go here when I get home because I can get a real deep tissue massage at half the price.  I've been doing the monthly membership for a few years. If you like deep tissue or have knots to be worked, I'd recommend Michael, Chad, Ramil, or Giovanna.
I came to Body Balance to get a massage after I ran the NYC Marathon.  I have a sports massage place I usually go to in Manhattan, but recently moved to Hoboken and didn't want to go out of the way for a sports massage since I was already uncomfortable from the marathon.  The atmosphere in Body Balance was very nice and calming, the receptionist and the rest of the staff was friendly, the prices are also reasonable.  In terms of the massage I got, the other place I usually frequent gives a better massage, and are far more knowledgeable in terms of sports massages, so I will stick with that place for sports massages, but would return to Body Balance for a regular back massage.
A friend came from out of town and was staying at the W Hoboken.  We decided to get massages, but couldn't get any appointments at the Bliss Spa.  This was my second time not being able to get an appointment at Bliss (both times it was my friends who called, so don't blame me for not having the skills to get an appointment.) Luckily, my friend found Body Balance, and I'm really glad she did.  For the price, we were able to get a lot more massage for our money.  I had a 90 minute massage at the new guest price of $79.  You can get the same new customer price by buying a 6 pack of massages, which is a very good deal, especially considering you could share it. The facility is very nice.  They have a pleasant waiting area with a comfortable sofa.  You can help yourself to a cold water or a hot tea while you wait for your appointment.  White noise machines and the requisite spa-easy-listening-chimes music play loudly enough to drown out the bar and restaurant downstairs. Most importantly, the massage was excellent.  My massage was performed by Sarah and she really relaxed my tough week right out of me.  I knew I'd be back next week, even without the excuse of having a friend in town.
I just left my massage and had to immediately write a review. I had an amazing massage with Eve. I'm pretyu critical when it comes to massages and was very impressed with me massage. Eve hit all the right spots and got almost all my knots out.  The only con I have is the noise from outside, which I expected since it's right next to the path. I can't wait for my next massage!
Feeling ten times better after the wonderful massage I received here! Had a horrible migraine and now it's gone :)
There's lots of "spas" and "clubs" that offer massages in Hoboken, but this place is the best. First off lets talk money. For 1 hour it costs only $59 or 90 minutes is $79 (with Membership plan). If you look around town, that's some of the best pricing. Their facilities are clean, and the massage therapists are great. I have been going there for about 5 years and have no complaints. Would absolutely recommend this to anyone who wants a massage.
WOW.  I hardly ever write reviews but I feel compelled to share my experience with Sara D. at this spa.  It has been 3 days since my massage and I am still feeling that afterglow of clearer, calmer breathing.  I actually went to the DMV today and left smiling, WHEN DOES THAT HAPPEN? I cannot speak for the other massage therapists but I have followed Sara and this is her new spot! This woman anticipated my aches and tension spots and worked thoroughly to remove them :D Every massage with her is the best massage of my life!  I really cant say enough good stuff about this angel! Enjoy!
Yay! -convenient to the Path or validated parking -reasonable package deals- $79 for a 90 min massage -clean facilities -I was comatose after my massage with Jorge! Boo :( -the soothing music kept cutting in and out during my massage -very basic, not a full service spa
I was referred to Giovanna for a massage and I'm so happy I decided to go see her. She knows what she's doing and she was able to help me figure out why I was having knee problems. She was so amazing that I went ahead and signed up for their membership and I will be seeing her again next week. I work in the industry and I've never met anyone who treats your concerns the way she does. I hope Body Balance knows what an excellent therapist they have on their hands!
The massage was probably one of the best I have had. The therapist was great, she worked on the spots I asked and needed. Never had this in the past!!! Wonderful experience and I feel so much better. Can't wait to return. Omar
I had a 90 min massage with Chad this past Friday and it was awesome. After running the NYC marathon my muscles were tight and I had minor pains. He addressed my main issues and I left feeling 100% better.  I'll definately go back and recommend Chad to my friends. They offer good deals for first visits and discount packages too.
I saw the great deal Body Balance had for facials for new members and read the great reviews and had to give it a try. My technician was amazing, friendly, gave great advice and was gentle on my skin. I would highly recommend a facial here to anyone!
Twice now, over the past couple years, I've managed to pull the same muscle or group of muscles in my back, resulting in a debilitating pain that literally took my breath away and locked me up for a few moments each time I aggravated it during the day. Because Body Balance is close to work, I called them up. I was lucky enough to get Jamie the first time, and requested her again this second time. Turns out, I've had some serious knots (due to not getting loosened up with any regularity), and Jamie did a fine job with breaking them up. She went as deep as necessary--this was, after all, a borderline medical thing, not a pleasure massage--and I'm feeling all better now, with only a bit of residual soreness. I'm sure she can go as light as one wants, but it's comforting to know that she's got the strength, technique, intuition, and stamina to really break up tension where need be. She's FIT! The staff at the Hoboken office is always quite nice, and no problems with bookings. The spa's a pretty serene place, and the massage rooms themselves are properly dimmed, quiet, and with adequate space for the therapists to do their fine work. It doesn't hurt that they're located right near work (and directly across from the PATH train). Terrific location. I'll be back! Thanks again, Body Balance.
Great deal. Having read a previous review, I wanted to get a Thai massage from Niya. However, I ended up getting a Swedish from Kelly. I was very pleased. I've had endless problems with my neck and back. I get massaged often yet more than often I am disappointed because I am still tense and feel pressure after. Kelly actually got me to the point that I fell asleep (very rare for me). I fell asleep tight and woke up feeling all loose and relaxed. (Sounds dirty but it wasn't). They were also super sweet to give me the full hour since I did show up 30 mins late (thanks to Friday traffic). Would recommend and go back when in town. Also, how can you beat the price?
Helpful staff (helped me find the location amongst the drunks for Hoboken St. Pattys day). Great massage with good pressure and use of pressure points. All in all left happy! I'll have to try their facials next time.
OMG, heaven.  After suffering for the last 2 weeks with a jacked up back from work, and hoping it will just go away, I finally gave in and decided to get a massage.  Not quite sure what my resistance was as I love massages....? Anyway, I had been to this place once before and remembered that I really enjoyed it so I called up and amazingly to my surprise I received a returning client discount of $59!  (One hour is originally $84) I had Caroline today and she worked my back out hard core.  Feel AMAZING.  This is seriously the first time in 2 weeks I can look down or to the left without being in pain.  Another perk to this place is that it is right off the PATH, like directly across the street.  Between that and the fact that even full priced it is cheaper than most places here in Manhattan make it even more awesome.  Would recommend this place to anyone and will definitely be back.
I absolutely love it here! I was Going to pleasant rd spa, which I loved. However, I found out that giavanna gives amazing massages and is extremely knowledgeable regarding sports injuries etc. at $79 for 90min why not try it? End result is I've gone to her 3 more times within 2 months. I also tried a facial the other day which was very relaxing. I suffer from rosacea and the products re Naturopathica. I left with zero irritation. Lastly, there's a lot of male clients, as the spa is not feminine at all. It's a relaxing environment but I can see how they've built loyal male clients. It's a must try!!!
I have been a customer at Body Balance for many years and have consistently rolled over my six month membership because it's a great deal. They are quite accommodating and their staff is always professional and courteous.  I have tried their other services, such as ear candling, aromatherapy, foot revitalizer and body cleanse.  All good.  I have purchased gift certificates and referred friends - all positive experiences, which pleases me very much!  Try them out; you will be happy you did!
Called the day of and the staff was accommodating and managed to squeeze me and my partner in for a couple's massage. The introductory rate is really worthwhile. I had Sara as my masseuse, and she really did a good job working on my back and shoulders, and didn't try to engage in conversation during our session (which I absolutely hate). I left feeling relaxed and wishing I lived nearby so I could visit again!
All the therapists in this place are fantastic and the facility is very clean. My favorite therapist is Yelena, and I'm hesitant to share this with you lest I'm never able to book her again. She's worked on me three times now, and she's very intuitive about what your body needs but she also listens to you to give you the best massage possible. For those of you who like deep-tissue, she works gradually into your muscles so that they don't react to a immediate deep touch by stiffening. She will also massage your face first and not last, so that she's not putting germs from the rest of your body on your face. So smart! She's very methodical and thorough and her touch is very healing. I always leave feeling relaxed, detoxed, de-stressed and so happy that I got such an amazing massage within walking distance. Thank you, Yelena!!!
Have been here twice for back massage and have not been disappointed. The one star that is missing is because the lady on phone told me that parking tickets will be validated but when I presented a ticket for a parking lot one block away she came up with a clause that parking has to be only on the same block. Not sure if it's my mistake that I didn't ask where all can I park for ticket to be validated. Other than that, no complaints.
I cannot recall exactly how I came across this jewel but I'm so glad I did.  Their prices are terrific and their service is worth every dollar.  It's quiet and clean and everyone is very accommodating.  Niya packs a lot of punch (she's only stands slightly under 5' tall) in her Thai-style massages.  Book her for 90 minutes and you will be hooked...I promise.
I've been back here a few times, and every therapist I had was great.  Last time I also went for a facial, and the aesthetician really listened to what I was saying about my crazy combination skin.  I left glowing, and although she described the products she used on me, there was no hard sell at all;  something I always worry about when i get a facial.  So good!
I went here for my first massage ever and had a lovely experience.  My masseuse (Sara) was very nice about telling me what to expect and what to do. They have great new time client specials, personally I opted for a $59, 60 minute massage but added on a $10 face massage and $20 hot stone treatment.  The stones were amaaaaaaaazing.  I loved the smell of all the lotions they used too.  The 60 minutes went by so quickly, in hindsight I should have definitely done the 90 minutes.  I tend to have sensitive skin, so I was nervous that the massage would be too intense (I don't even like massage chairs), but Sara was very considerate of that and applied the perfect amount pressure.  I would definitely go again, I wish they had more body treatment options like body wraps or something.
Really great.  Excellent value for the price.  I've been twice.  My first massage here was really good, and helped my back issues a lot.  My second massage (the therapist was Thomas this time) was totally out of this world amazing awesome.  It's over a week later and I still feel great!
Pretty happy with Body Balance. No frills, but good massages at a decent price. The bundled packages are pretty good if you want to save a few bucks. Sarah is great!
I've been here half a dozen times and my expectations are always exceeded.  I have been for relaxation massages as well as "problems" (bad shoulder, lower back pain, sore legs after a workout) and am always better for having gone.  Their hours are insanely long which works for my schedule.  If you are looking for a complete spa experience with relaxation room, bathrobe and the whole bit, this isn't the place.  If you want a top notch massage in a relaxing and comfortable environment, don't hesitate.
I've had a few massages, but nothing compares to the one i got at Body Balance today.  A woman named Sarah really put me on another level.  cannot recommend highly enough.
Our team is a traveling corporate tax compliance service. Our job is relatively stressful and we are on the road often.  We have a fun client in Jersey City which requires us to be in New Jersey quite often.  We stumbled upon Body Balance a few weeks ago and are all in love.  It is such a low key way to de-stress and the massages are unbelievable.  Each of us prefers a different style and we all left completely satisfied.  I loved the massage from Jorge so much that I joined as a member and plan to come back as much as I can - when in town.  He not only gives a great deep tissue massage but is very knowledgeable in sports massage, yoga for flexibility and chronic issues.  My next marathon will be that much easier.
i am a very happy client, ive been a massage junkie for over 10 years, always trying to figure out how i can afford my next massage as im getting off the table....was SOO happy to hear about BODY BALANCE, not only are the membership prices fabulous, i LOVE the whole relaxed unpretentous vibe at BODY BALANCE, no fancy stuff, no unneccessary changes into robes, just clean, cozy relaxing, deep tissue fabulous massage!!! an affordable 90 minute massage on a regular basis,  the monthly membership is a no brainer!
I came here for a couples massage back in February. This place met and exceeded all of my expectations. It is relaxing, small and quiet-exactly what a spa should be. The price was certainly reasonable, as well. The staff was very kind and we were taken into our room on time. I would definitely come back here again. This is a great stop for PATH users. It's so convenient to schedule your appointment after a long week at work.
It was my first ever massage and I am happy I went to Body Balance for it. Everyone was very nice and welcoming. Make sure you work with Jamie! She was super sweet and really great at helping me target painful knots that needed extra attention. Overall, great place and staff, and I will definitely be going back soon!
What a great experience! I visited Body Balance for the first time today for a massage. The spa is clean, neat and the staff is exceptional. I will gladly return for future services. My massage therapist Jennifer O'Neal took the time to ask about what specifically she needed to be aware of for the appt. as well as afterwards talking to me some more about my personal massage options. Anyway, great place!
I've received two massages from James here, and he is wonderful. I went in the first time because I hurt my neck working out and was in some significant pain. After an hour of focusing on my neck, shoulders and back, I was feeling much better, and the treatment carried through beyond that day. I went back again about 6-8wks later because I felt like my neck was 85% better, and I wanted to see if he could do some more work on it. Again, it feels even better and looser than it did when I went in, and I am confident those results will also carry through. I would highly recommend James specifically when considering making an appointment.
Nice experience - I would say a 5 for the facial and a 3 for the massage. My facial by Rosalia was fantastic! I cannot say enough good things. One of the best facials I've ever had. My massage was decent - nothing special, not bad, but it seemed to be lacking something. It also seemed really rushed towards the end because there was a disproportionate amount of time spent on my back than anything else, when that's not really what I needed. I found the bed and room to be on the cold side, which also made me a little uncomfortable. The bed for the facial was much nicer. It was easy to get an appointment and the staff was nice. The pricing was good. I would definitely come back for a facial by Rosalia and would try a massage again, but with a different therapist.
Such a great experience! would highly highly recommend this place. Although we were a little late, they accommodated us and ensured we had the full hour massage. I went with Jen for my second pre-natal massage. She was very knowledgeable and made me feel very comfortable. I will definitely go to her for my monthly massage needs. I would give this place 5 stars except for the traffic noise that i could hear in my room. If that could have been drowned out, this place would deserve a 5 star rating!
I've been going to Body Balance for years now only reason I'm not going as much as I used to is I don't work in Hoboken anymore but when I did I went once a month. They are located across the street from the path. So many Pros,  clean, excellent deco for massage therapy their last renovation really stepped it up to a spa feeling (it's not a spa).  But the therapist are better than at any spa I have been to and I've been to a lot. They really know what they are doing someone is being very careful with the hiring.  I've tried Rosalia, Vanessa and a few others over the years, Thomas is my top pick. I've also had a few facials here the prices are great but it's hard to get an appointment for a facial and massage on the same day. I've sent a number of people there and have never heard a complaint.
I really enjoyed my experience at Body Balance yesterday. It is conveniently located directly across from the Path, but also validates parking at a garage a few blocks away.  I had a massage with Giovanna, who did an outstanding job on my very knotty back, and relieved an aggravated nerve path all the way down to my calf.  Giovanna has a great attitude, we laughed most of the time.  I will definitely be back.
Best massage I've ever had (about a year ago) with a massage therapist named Cami. I called again requesting her but she no longer works there :( all the good reviews tell me it's okay to take my chances and accept whoever they give me for the 90 minute massage I have coming up Friday ! Can't wait to go back! AND how can I forget it's the best priced massage place around (the classy non creepy kind anyway lol) $89 for 90 minutes of bliss.
I've had an hour session with James. And let me tell you people: I've traveled the world and had best massages at the most exclusive spa's. But what James does - requires a talent. You ether got it or you don't. The man is a miracle worker and I can walk again :-)  Rosalia rocks too.
I have been a client of Body Balance for the past several years. Over that time I have thoroughly enjoyed all my massages From the moment You arrive You will find the entire experience to be relaxing. The waiting room is comfortable and  all the receptionists very nice. I have found that the actual massage environment to be very pleasant and every therapist I have had to be highly professional and excellent. Overall it feels like a one hour vacation from the stress of the outside world.
awful........ bed bugs..... completely bit up walking away from that place.  ririculous  this was written 8-22-14
The  lady at the desk was very polite and nice ....However, my massage from the male felt like a 25 box massage. .. It felt like a massage that I would get from the school next door to them. ... It felt like he was in training ....I was very disappointed ..    It was terrible. .. Not good ..... Poor massage  techniques. .....
I'm not just a customer, I'm also a member! That's right, Body Balance offers massage memberships, where you pay a monthly fee that includes one massage/month. You can choose whether to get a shareable membership (which costs the same but has a longer minimum duration in months) and whether you want a 60 or 90 minute massage. If you choose 60, you can always upgrade to a 90 by paying the extra $. The membership price is the same as the introductory rate for first-timers, and it's a great value! The space is nice, but don't be expecting a luxury spa environment. It's clean and tastefully done, though. I've had a different masseuse each time I've gone, and some are better than others so it can be a little hit or miss. I've only had one massage that I was disappointed with, however; the rest were good or better. My last one was with Gio (a woman, I can't spell her full name) and she did an excellent job. So if you're like me and you carry your stress in your body (my back and neck, specifically) a monthly massage may be just what the doctor ordered. Ahhh....
Rosalia is fantastic! I had a facial at body balance and have been working closely with her for about 3 months and have seen amazing results with my skin. I have suffered chronic acne for about 12 years, to the point of cystic and painful breakouts. I expressed my concern about the facials and my past experiences and Rosalia was reassuring and confident that she could help me. She suggested I start using the Rhonda Allison skin care products, and combined with regular facials I have seen dramatic improvements. I have had close to 100% decrease in breakouts and the quality of my skin is less oily and much more even. Needless to say, I would recommend Rosalia to anyone :)
Too bad I can not give more than 5 stars! Let me start off that I have a bad back with an herniated disk. Therefore when I get pain, and up until now, did not know where to go. I have been looking forever for a massage therapist and finally I found an amazing place! I tried Body Balance in Hoboken and I am already on my second visit in less than 10 days. Vanessa is amazing. She has patience, knows what she is doing and follows exactly what you tell her...she actually listens! Trust me when I say that I am a very demanding client but I found an angel who knows what she is doing and helped tremendously. You will not be disappointed. The place is very clean, quiet and relaxing and not expensive!
I was way overdue for a visit to a spa, so decided to check out this place. They have some good deals for new customers - 59$ for a facial (reg 99$), 59$ for 75 min massage and many other deals for packages. I made the appointment over the phone, gave my credit card no for the reservation(card is not charged if you cancel 5 hrs before the appointment). I got a reminder a day before to confirm my appointment which was nice. They are located right across the Hoboken PATH station, very convenient. My aesthetician was really nice. She went over the details I had filled out on the form regarding my regular skin care routine and made some suggestions. I liked the fact that she pointed out the concerns in a nice way, and not made me feed bad about my skin. She did suggest a few of their products that would be good for my skin but was really polite about it, no aggressive upselling. The facial was really relaxing; it also included extractions ( in some places I have had to pay extra for extractions in discounted packages). Paid for the service with my credit card including the tip. The receptionist asked me if I wanted to buy their discounted facial/massage packages. I didn't buy it right-away, since she said I could buy it the next time I came there. I will probably be back here again since I liked the service.
