I passed by Yelo quite awhile ago and was intrigued. My mom came to stay with me for a few days and I told her we should get reflexology. We called to make an appointment for later in the afternoon-Yelo is super easy to get to close to the Columbus Circle and 57th and 7th stop. We each filled out a questionaire and chose our music prferences I opted or Ocean Waves, Mom chose Tibetan Bells. Leslie brought me to the space and asked me a few questions, I took a seat in the magic chair (one of the ones I think you can nap in) and I drifted off to a restful state of total space out. They have memberships and I definitely may get one (more info online) you get a certificate for a future treatment and 5% off all future sessions (cost $100) my sanity is important and these days is being tested daily so I see a place like Yelo as an investment.
I pass by this place a lot on my lunch breaks, and today, after copious amounts of yawning and general tiredness, i decided that i would go in during lunch - after all, other yelpers seemed to love this place. i was a walk-in, so understandably, they told me that there was nothing at that moment, but an opening in about 20 minutes. I got an hour for lunch, so 20 minute wait + 30 minute nap = timing works out. so i fill out the necessary paperwork beforehand and then head out to grab some food. i come back 25 minutes later, expecting to be able to walk in. instead they tell me that there is still a little more of a wait. i take the cup of tea (the white tea was delicious) and settle down, thinking it'll be another 5 minutes or so...i end up waiting almost another 15 minutes. (probably someone's nap period) i was just about to leave when they finally told me that they were ready for me. well, unhappy as i was with the wait, i have to say that it was probably worth it. i got the nap+, which is a 10 minute massage and a 20 minute nap for $40. (i really wanted the massage) the massage was nice, the room was futuristic feeling, the classical piano background music was soothing, and the chair was amazing. when they woke me up, they even brought me a cup of water. i would definitely go again, although next time i might just stick with a longer nap. UPDATE: i went back because i was running around 4-5 hours of sleep and was utterly exhausted at work...this time i booked a 35 minute nap online. i got to yelo at exactly 2pm, when my appointment was...and i had to wait. it was a little over 5 minutes, but i was wondering why, if i had booked a yelocab, they didn't have one available when i came in. the nap was still absolutely wonderful but they ended up waking me up early! realizing that i paid for 35 minutes and didn't get my entire time slightly ruined my happy wake from the nap. luckily, when i spoke to the people at the front desk (i wanted to find out when my 35 minutes started exactly) they were very nice, apologized, and first offered a refund (which they couldn't do because i booked online - they charge you once you book online) and then offered a credit for the time lost. but still, i'd go back if i was really tired and needed a nap.
I have been to the same building to get a massage from another location and amazingly how different this place is than that one.  The place most have been designed by someone from Virgin Airlines with it bright colors and trendy design.   Massage was good and it was very relaxing though should have asked for a little more pressure since some pressure was lost in the cushy massage table/bed.   For those who get lines from the head rest in most massage places you will love the table as it really is a thin soft mattress that doubles as your napping place when massage is over which was nice to have so could enjoy lingering effects of massage instead of needing to get up and get dressed. Not sure if worth the 170 as the staff seemed very aloof like one finds at some trendy restaurants.  Minor pet peeve was in bathroom there was no place to hang jacket.  Also not sure if this place had a place to either shower or sit in a sauna afterwards which though I usually do not care about it is found in most of the higher end spas.
Came for a free 20 min nap...but c'mon who sleeps that fast?! I felt too much pressure despite the music and comfy chair. Great idea but not worth it...
This place is pretty solid...I was really tired and had an important meeting in the afternoon so I went in for the 20/20. 20 minute massage and then a 20 minute power nap. I would have given it 5 stars except I was able to (at times) hear faint noise from outside the room I was in which made it more difficult to sleep. Also - I would suggest you don't get music and just get some white background noise instead...all in all I would return if I find myself in the same situation again. prob good therapy for a raging hangover too...although the pub would prob be more helpful there...
Oh, it's great.  Kendall rubbed my shoulders and I really liked it.  I felt extremely relaxed for hours afterward.   They've put a lot of thought into the details.  My only suggestion is to work on putting away more of the extraneous stuff behind the counter and in the cracks between the sleep pods.  The sleeker, the better.   Also, I'd like to see something like this:  15 minute shoulder massage, 15 minute feet massage, 20 minute nap, $75 (OK, I'd like to see it for $45 and on the corner of Joralemon and Court in Brooklyn, but that would be a different place, so in fact I have no complaints about the price). That said, it's nicely kept up and very pleasant.  The cashmere blankets are beautiful and the scents are delicious.  Very good spot for relaxing.  Very much worth the money.  Therapists are really talented.  If I had some high-powered city job where I had to work all the time and it sucked, this place would be the ticket.
I'm not a spa regular but needed to find a great place to begin my pre-wedding facial ritual. My experience at Yelo was perfection! My facialist (Lauren) was sweet as can be, incredibly thorough, gentle and educational. I booked my next session on the spot, absolutely can't wait to return.
Came here with a group of 7 girls and had an awesome time. They only had 4 rooms, so we had to be broken up into two sessions, but that's nothing a little wine and snacks couldn't fix. I had the sweedish massage and I'm hooked. I've had a number of massages before, but this is the only one that focused on every part of your body, literally from head to toe. They were super professional and the rooms were super clean. Prices are fairly reasonable, so if I ever feel like splurging, I'm coming back. My only complaint is that they didn't have a room for us to hang out in. We were there for over two hours and had to sit in the front of the place, sipping wine, while everyone came in and looked at us. It would have been nice to have a small private area. Either way, I highly recommend the massages here and will definitely be back.
I decided to go to Yelo because of the Spa Week promotions they were involved in a couple of weeks ago. The Spa itself is nice; it's exactly as the video shows it on the website. After I had made my appointment I actually had to change it several times until they mentioned that they couldn't change it any more than three times (not great if you are really busy and can't help having to change things frequently). However, I went for the $50 promotion that included a 25min massage/ or reflexology and the 20min nap. It was pretty good except for the fact that I couldn't hear the music I had chosen.. Pros: Nice spot and cool individual rooms. Cons: You can't change your appointment more than three times. It's really expensive; I would recommend going when they have spa deals!
The only reason I don't go to Yelo Spa more often is because I don't live/work near them but they're truly amazing. I went to their old location for a massage and a nap in their nap pods and today I had a foot detox treatment and reflexology. Both times the experience was amazing. It's a quiet, relaxing environment. They offer aromatherapy and tea/water on arrival, they kept the appointment and were timely. Beth, the massage therapist, was crazy skilled and really attentive. In fact, I'd say ask for Beth when you go, she's amazing. I also got a discount for my birthday which was unexpected. Great customer service.
I'm not sure I'd consider Yelo a "spa", but regardless, my massage was good. I love the pods. Very cute, cozy and relaxing. You can pick your own music or calming sounds. There is also a choice of different aromas. Even through my congestion, I got whiffs of the wonderful lavender I chose. The massage (done by a man, so rare, yay!) wasn't anything out of this world, and I'm still debating if it was worth the money. See, I probably would think it was if there was more of a "spa" experience. No lounge area or lockers etc. There is absolutely no rush, but it is sort of an in-and-out experience. Yelo Spa is great for what it is, but not what I personally look for in a spa experience.
Great ambiance but the massage therapist needs to go back to school. My muscles and body were super sore. On a whim in the middle of the day I decided to make an appointment for after work since I caught a charlie horse that night during my sleep. I was accommodated with a 5:15 PM appointment. Upon arrival I was offered tea and a hot towel as I filled out the intake form. I still can't figure out what I was supposed to use the towel for. When I was taken to my pod I was overjoyed. It was cute, peaceful and serene. They do a great job of making a small space feel spacious. I was expecting the massage therapist to get all of the soreness out but she was very uneven and light handed in her massage techniques. It seemed like she was doing what ever came to her mind.  When it was over she told me to lay until I was ready to get up. 5 minutes later she came back in and said "oh you're still sleeping" and giggled. I felt rushed so I quickly got dressed and realized I was still in pain. I felt like I wasted money.  I could have received that type of massage for free from my boyfriend. The ambiance was great but I fell like the massage therapist needs more years to learn the body or needs to go back to school.
I am a big fan of the Yelo foot reflexology. It is more like a really great foot massage, but I did have some hip issues and my therapist was able to work on the area of the foot that corresponded to my hip. Maybe it's just in my head, but I really did feel a lot better after walking out. Now the nap I am not too sure about. I didn't fall asleep, but it was very relaxing, especially after my foot massage. I also wasn't too keen on the foot detox as I really didn't find it to do anything (the water changes color, but probably because they add something to it). I will definitely go back for another foot reflexology treatment, and I might also try to ear or hand reflexology too!
My busband loved  the service and attention he received.  Thank you!
I purchased a GiltCity deal for 50-minute facial. I was amazed by their chic decoration and romantic atmosphere. Their room is very spacey and warm. Natalia handled my facial with great care and patience. She made some recommendations about the products but didn't push me into buying anything. My face felt so clean and moisturized after the facial!
I think if I could have given 3 1/2 stars I would have because it would be a more apt description of my experience which came about through a Groupon special. I bought a reflexology massage and nap combo. My first experience trying to book the appointment is part of the reason for the loss of stars. The receptionist was not too friendly and sighed when I mentioned the Groupon. I also had to convince her that the massage could be for either legs and feet or neck and shoulders as per my certificate, she was insistent that it was only reflexology for the feet. We finally resolved after being on hold for some time, that I could have the neck and shoulders. I tacked on a facial to the experience as I was heading to the spa anyway and that is the reason for all my stars for this review! My facialist, Nadia, was brilliant - gave a great facial and was both friendly and professional. She also had a great combination of engaging through conversation at the start and then allowing me to relax as the facial went on. The massage I had before the nap was ok, but definitely not worth a repeat experience, and while I understand the nap could be very beneficial, I just lay awake thinking of the things I should be doing (this is no doubt more of a reflection on me than Yelo!!!). At the end of the experience, I asked if I could join up to the Yelo rewards program as I was keen to come back for another facial, however the receptionist didn't know how to do it and said someone would call me. No one ever has. All in all, its a good midtown spa and I can't recommend Nadia more highly but the rest of my experience was just average.
only in ny would there be a place that seems so decadent and silly and still have the ability to be worth every penny.  everything -- their teas, aromatherapy, friendliness -- completely relaxed me within 30 seconds of walking in the door.  and then came the zero-gravity chair!  i researched for weeks after trying to find one to buy it was so incredible. i just wish there was one in sf so i could go more often...  well, my bank account probably appreciates it even if my feet don't.
Massage: 5 stars Facial: 2.5 stars Service: Hit or Miss I had the best massage of my life here. Thanks Nick - you did an amazing job and I'm referring you to all my friends!! I also had a facial, and while the woman was really nice, I left feeling like it was the least effective facial I ever had. The extractions were so poorly done that when I looked in the mirror afterwards, I still saw the bumps and blemishes that traditional facials always removed for me in the past. It was relaxing and I definitely passed out, but it wasn't the thorough and cleansing facial I was looking for (and that quite frankly, is worth $150 + 20% tip). It was a relaxing getaway with someone massaging your head. I still tipped 20% because I really liked the woman doing my facial, but all in all, would not come again for this. The receptionist was also very pleasant and nice, but when checking me out at the end, wasn't very alert and all there. It seemed like everyone was put into this twilight zone mood in there - maybe the colors get to them? But I just wanted prompt and helpful service, but I felt like I was pretty much bothering her every time I asked a question. I still loved my experience there so I picked up several products. The computer system was down so they charged me via their phone (not a typical credit card system), and couldn't offer a printed receipt. They emailed it instead so I was able to check it when I got home... and then I realized they charged me 5 times for a product! I emailed re: the error and didn't hear back for 4-5 days. So I called and a receptionist picked up and said they will get a manager to fix it. They refunded me for the 5 charges, and then called for my credit card # again to charge me for one. Rightfully I agree, I should pay for it. But if you charged me 5 times (total $85) and didn't even apologize for making the error, and then go out of your way to charge me for one, I just think that's stingy and not great customer service. If I were managing (which I have before for the service industry), that should have been on the house. So all in all, the people were really friendly and you definitely relax here!! I highly recommend Nick as a masseur and the products really are truly great. I was just slightly disappointed that the service wasn't above and beyond and definitely wasn't prompt, considering how much it really is to come and enjoy the services here. Still, I had an amazing time at Yelo Spa and shall return :)
This place is so clean and chic - the staff is super friendly and the massages themselves were great! You can customize your massage, including scents and sounds - although I went with a friend on a great Yelp deal and they messed both of hers up...mine was perfect! I will say that it would have been a little pricey without the Yelp discount, but if a deal comes up again I would suggest jumping on it!
Best massage ever. Fancy place and the best customer service. I liked everything...
I booked this massage a few weeks ago online, prior to my visit to NYC.  Little did I know how much I would actually need the massage that day.  I slept wrong on a hotel bed and my neck was killing me. I showed up for my session and I really didn't expect to get much relief from a Spa Massage.  My therapist Taisha was excellent. She took the time to focus on my specific issues without making it a purely clinical experience.  She was able to address my pain and provide me with some much needed relief. The atmosphere was chic yet inviting. I felt very comfortable from the moment I stepped off the elevator. The music and scent options are great additions to the experience.   Check out the sleep pods --- they are awesome.  If I lived in NYC, this would be a regular stop for me at least once a month.
This place has a great sports massage, a mediocre swedish massage, and a shitty ass cancellation policy. I have a full time job and work about 70 hours a week, and had to reschedule 3 hours before my massage. They told me that i would have to pay the FULL 140 DOLLARS THAT IT COSTS and would not be able to reschedule. unless you a rich person with no job and no life who will never need to reschedule, do not go here. its a freaking rip off and there are about 50 other places in new york you can go to. hello, this city has the most competition in the world--what makes you think you can be so stupid and rude?
Amazing atmosphere. Amazing massage. Don't waste your time going anywhere else!
After reading the reviews here, I was expecting something rather delightful. I was desperately in need of some refresh, and though the price seemed high for a nap, it didnt phase me as an appropriate amount for a spa service, so I figured there would be enough added experience to make it worth it. Though the staff was friendly, my "therapist" was not very engaging, nor did I feel that I was being particularly pampered. The "aromatherapy" part of the basic nap package was nothing more than a diffused scent in the air that I could barely perceive. As for the nap, well, it was a semi-comfy reclined chair,  the lights were dimmed, and I was covered in a light balnket. I dozed a bit, but not too deeply. I was gently awoken and immediately thought, "that was it?". Yes, I'm afraid so. That was it. Not really so special, and definitely not worth the money.
Thanks to the proliferation of group deal websites, I'm gradually becoming acquainted with NYC's spa offerings, and so far, Yelo is hands-down my favorite of the bunch. You might not think that a spa that sort of resembles a trendy lounge or the inside of a Virgin America plane would be relaxing, but it really is! It's clean and well-designed, efficient, reasonably priced (compared to some of the competition), calming, has lots of available appointments (even at the very last minute), and my facial with Nadiya was GREAT.
The receptionist was very nice and helpful. I came here with a few spa gift certificiates i received for christmas and i was able to book my appointment same 2 hours before my actually appointment. I was pleasantly surprised and when i got there i didnt feel rushed and it was very realxing. Thumbs up here.
This was my first reflexology treatment and for $68 (65 plus tax) it was worth it.  They started with a warm towel used to wash your feet. Next was the best thirty minutes of a lunch break I have ever had. The reflexologist was very attentive and the zen music ( they have different selections) almost put me to sleep. I definitely was in an intense relaxed state. I felt so much lighter after wards. They also have memberships and I am thinking about getting one.
I purchased the groupon for a facial, massage, and nap. Unlike other spas, Yelo was courteous and provided me excellent service even though I was not paying full price for services (I did make sure to tip based on full price, of course!) For my facial, Nadiya warmly greeted me. Nadiya was a consummate professional, and her positive attitude and wide breadth of knowledge regarding skin care and health were enjoyable and informative. While some regard facials as painful or necessary discomforts, my experience at Yelo was relaxing and refreshing. My skin felt rejuvenated, and my spirits were high after interacting with Nadiya. My massage therapist, Helen, shuttled me to my next pod. She asked me if I had any special considerations, and I replied that my upper back and hips carry most of my tension; I also specified that I prefer deep pressure. I am used to therapists inquiring about my preferences only to disregard them during the actual treatment. During my massage, Helen addressed each one of my issues and preferences. She was truly attentive, and for the first time in years, my upper back feels free of tension; it is as if a great weight was removed from my back. The only regret I have regarding my Yelo visit was that I was too relaxed and euphoric to communicate my gratitude directly to Nadiya and Helen. Yelo provides their clients with a rare combination of professionalism, skill, and personal attention. I have purchased tens of groupons for spas that fail to live up to the hype, but I am already planning my next visit to Yelo.
Like a couple of folks below, I'd purchased a Groupon for a 50 minute Swedish massage and 20 minute nap (I also have another Groupon for a massage, facial, and nap that hasn't been used yet).  After the holidays and a bout with a cold, I decided to book an appointment. I knew that I would have a gap of time between work and meeting friends on a Friday.  So, why not schedule a massage in that time?  I called earlier in the week (maybe Monday) only to discover that the time I'd wanted was booked.  That's understandable, especially considering the recent Groupon love.  They asked if I wanted to try another time.  I declined, saying that I would call again, but was really hoping for that time since I knew I'd be hanging around midtown wasting a few hours.  However, I asked if she might take my name and number in case a random cancellation occurred.  She obliged, though I didn't expect to hear anything. It was later that same day (or the next morning), that the woman from Yelo Spa called.  They had a cancellation for a slow 30 minutes earlier than I'd requested and wanted to know if I'd like it.  Score!  And I was quite impressed that they actually took the initiative to call me back.  I thought that request would probably dissolve into the ether, as they are wont to do at many placed. I arrived early on Friday.  While the lobby is a storefront, it's quite relaxing with low lighting.  The receptionists behind the desk (like many spas, piled high with various products they are selling...and begging to be knocked off; it's quite narrow) were nice and welcoming.  I was early and they said that I was welcome to sit and relax.  I was pointed to the restroom and upon my return, offered tea while I filled out my intake/new client form.  For a waiting area, it was really quite lovely.  The only drawback (for me at least) was the location in which I chose to sit (to the right of the desk).  A machine atomizes relaxing scents and distributes them into the room.  I like relaxing scents, but perhaps not that close to their source.  I'll know for next time. My massage therapist was able to take me about ten minutes early, I was advised.  She was quite nice (and I've annoyingly forgotten her name).  She told me a bit about the spa as we headed back.  The room is small and a bit pod-like (but not claustrophobic).  There are bins in which you can place your clothes and a little shelf for jewelery.  The tables are very comfortable and the lines are really soft.  I let her know that I was getting over a cold (also as a warning that I might need Kleenex on occasion) and she was very understanding.  I also told her that I'm not afraid of going deep, though I knew that I booked a Swedish massage and not a deep tissue one).  She began with the backs of my legs after placing a warm, heating pad on my back.  Her strokes were long and she did find occasion to dig a bit.  As she was finishing work on the backs of my legs, I mentioned that the pad had gotten a bit too hot.  She removed it promptly, but didn't quite finish on my right foot (she was almost finished though).  The rest of the massage was really nice (even though I generally opt for harder than a Swedish).  She even thoughtfully did some work on the very tips of my toes, an area that is connected to the lymphatic system.  It was a mostly good massage.  I say "mostly" because I sensed that it was a bit tricky for the therapist to maneuver in the size/shape of the room on occasion.  And she sometimes lost contact with my body for longer than others do when getting more oil (of which you get to choose the scent, by the way...and the sounds; I chose ocean sounds). After I dressed and had a bit of water, she led me to and got me set up in the napping room.  The chair is really comfortable .  She wrapped my feet and gave me a blanket.  As I suspected, while it was relaxing, I wasn't able to fall asleep (though I wanted to!).  This happens in new environments for me.  However, it could change in time if I visit again (and I plan to do so).  The lighting brings one back to alertness in a slow, gradual fashion.  And even though I wasn't asleep, between the massage and the dark time, I felt refreshed.
I live next door to Yelo and someone told me that I should ask for a discount for being from the neighbourhood... so I stepped in and inquired about it and I was told that people from the building receive 10% off but because I am from the next building they should check with the boss and that they will get back to me by email by the end of the day... I waited two days but no email. So I wrote them an email asking about this again. I waited 10 days and did not get a reply. So much for customer service from a place that charges $180 for a massage. Thanks guys I will take my business (90 min massage 3-4 times a week) somewhere else.
Took the Mrs there for a swedish massage and now she's hooked booking more on my card before we left the place
This is the BEST massage I ever got.I usually never leave a review on anything but this time I know I have to share this. Worth every single dollars. As soon as you get there you feel like you are in a bubble. Everything about this place is relaxing. The girl that took care of me for a 60 minutes massage was really nice and professional. You get to choose between 2 different types of tea (that tea was sooooo good btw). Then you fill a little questionnaire on an IPad to let the masseuse know about how you feel on this particular day and what you need. That day I was extremely tired and stressed. You also choose the sounds you want during the massage as well as the smell. And what can I say about the massage. HEAVEN! I got out of the 60 minutes session refreshed and energized but also so relaxed. That night I slept like a baby for 8 hours straight! AMAZING! Thank you YELO SPA!
This is one of my favorite spas in NYC.  It's definitely one of the more unusual and niche spas.  The reflexology separates them from the rest.  And I kid you not when I say that their power naps actually work, even the shorter ones.  I have had more than one, and felt extremely refreshed afterwards.
I love this spot. You feel totally relaxed as soon as the elevator opens. The lighting, music, etc are calming. You can choose your own soundtrack to listen to while you get massaged. This was my first time having reflexology, I don't know why I hadn't done this before. Leland was amazing. There are many places that offer deals on massages so paying close to $150 may seem steep for some. Never mind the price it's definitely worth it.
I have only napped there and it's on a Friday when you are sleep-derived from work want to be awake just being hitting bars/restaurants/club etc. and start the weekend! The music and chair are really relaxing. Though I always want to sleep a bit more. I still need to go over there when a reflexogist is free.
I have mixed feelings about Yelo. I went for foot reflexology. The atmosphere is really wonderful. The chair is wonderfully comfortable, they offer you tea and a very soft blanket. The room is nice and dark....I loved this, it was so different than the bright lights during a pedicure massage. I also loved that you can choose your music (I chose waves) and your aromatherapy scent (this was too subtle though). The therapist was blissfully quiet. They use a lovely lotion. They wash your feet with a hot towel and wrap up one foot to keep it warm as they work on the other one. The whole experience is lovely. The problem is, and it's a big one, is that the reflexology itself doesn't feel very good most of the time. Now, I had never had real reflexology before, just foot massages during pedicures, so maybe this is the way it is supposed to feel. Some of the strokes felt good, others were annoying and felt odd,  and a few were even slightly painful. I would have much preferred a regular massage that concentrated on arches and ankles, instead the weird,  poking on the balls of my foot and big toe. Since the rest of the experience was so wonderful though, I would  consider going back if they would do a regular massage instead of reflexology.
First yelp review.... I've been getting massages pretty often lately because I now spend a growing portion of my income on deal sites.. This one stood out for sure. You can tell they (masseuse, receptionist, interior designer) all really care about the customer. Everyone was extremely friendly, and I liked how you can customize the sounds and scent of your capsule/room during the massage. I remember thinking that I would definitely recommend sending someone here as a gift, the design and whole experience is pretty cool. As for the actual massage, Leland was great. I admit I was a bit skeptical at first because he was not a small Asian woman, but now I'm glad he wasn't! The Groupon was for a Swedish massage, but I told him I'm usually into deep tissue and the massage was perfect. Definitely top 2 at least in my experience, but I guess that's a matter of personal preference. Also in terms of service, the deal was supposed to expire at the beginning of the month, but they had no problem scheduling me beyond that because they were fully booked through the date. I suppose that should be expected though. Leland told me if I booked another massage immediately proceeding the appointment I would receive a 20% discount, so I did!
I got a 50 min Swedish massage here which was great with a young woman named Amanda.  Amanda was very good.  I guess why I only gave 3 starts is because I didn't get the overall zen feel from the place that I have enjoyed at other spa experiences that I have had.  The waiting area has a cool design, but that gets undone by all the millions of little products that make the place look a bit cluttered.  There is no changing into a white robe and sipping tea in a quiet ante chamber while you wait for your person.  However, again, the massage itself was very good, also for the price.
I was really impressed by their customer service. All the staff really try hard to make sure your needs are taken care of. Amanda, who gave me a Swedish massage, did a great job applying the right amount of pressure. The only reason I did not give 5 stars unfortunately is because the facility does not have showers and only one bathroom (for both guys and girls. Somewhat awkward if you're in a robe waiting in the hallway when a guy comes by also waiting for the same bathroom). Otherwise, great day spa!
At first I wasn't sure I'd be able to relax, but 2 minutes in my little "pod" and I was out like a light. Very private rooms, and comfy sleeping "bed". I just wish they'd offer a full hour of sleep rather than 45 minutes max. But other than that, this place is very relaxing and I highly recommend it to my friends.
Met a friend at Yelo Spa today and WOW what a unique experience. The treatment rooms or "pods" totally transport you to another place entirely. So soothing and relaxing and unique. Not like the clinical traditional spa square rooms. these are womb like with state of the art lighting and sound. Seriously a decadent experience, and what a spa should be. The total experience. I also loved the gift shop, with unique products from all over the world. I will be back soon...
I had such a wonderful no frill relaxing experience here.  My friend treated me to a 20/20 package which was 20 minutes of foot reflexology and 20 minute nap.  I was a bit skeptical of how this would actually work.  Low and behold, I fell asleep and woke up so refresh at the end of the experience.  I will definitely come back again.  I love their rooms with state of the art sound and lighting.
The environment was cozy, the massage was comfortable, and the underneath warming blanket was the highlight. I had a 30-minute massage and 30-minute power nap.  The massage was nice, relaxing and relieving.  However, it is too short.   They charged premium price for their services, but the setting was not up to the high-end spas.  If they offer discounted price, I may come back.
I got a groupon to Yelo Spa for a 50 minute massage and 20 minute nap. My masseuse's name was Michael. He was really nice, and attentive. He talked me through the process of how my package works, and tried his best to make sure I was satisfied with the service I was getting. The only thing that stopped me from giving my experience five stars was the pressure that Michael used during my massage. After approximately five minutes into my massage, I asked him to use more pressure since it felt as if he was just rubbing my skin. However, the pressure still wasn't hard enough, and it just didn't seem like he had the strength in him to press harder. It's really hard to get an appointment for a time from 11:30 - 2:00. So book ahead of time if you want that time slot.
Extremely clean and pleasant environment. Great service for any of your beauty upkeep needs.
This is the first yelp review I've written - and am doing so for this spa because my experience there was outstanding.  The staff are professional, hilarious, and incredibly comforting.  I went for a Brazilian and laughed the whole way through (which I thought was a nearly impossible thing to do before today).  Lauren was by far the best technician I have ever had.  The ambiance was calming and I cannot wait to go back for a massage.  This is the best place I have been to in NYC.
Ok... I woke up this morning and knew I needed a massage. After my first meeting, I called Yelo..a spa in my neighborhood, that I had noticed LOTs from the M57...never went...Well. I called and got the appointment I need RIGHT away...Tiffany worked her magic on my city back and feet...and NOW I am hooked...made an appointment for Friday to try the NAP and reflexology! I would say that THIS will be my oasis in my neighborhood. Lovely spot to charge the battery. Great welcoming people...Ellodie, Nadia and Gabriella were great....facial will be next!
Work in the area and have been to the Yelo spa everal times now.  I've had both a nice massage and reflexology, but 'hate' to admits this but the best part is taking naps in the zero gravity chairs!  The ambiance is soothing and you walk out feeling truly refreshed.  The prices are a bit high, but it can make a real difference if you need a break in the middle of your busy work day.  Try it!
Had a facial on 6/29 and it was the best facial I have ever had. The extractions were painless and the massage was great. They may be a little expensive but it is worth it. I got a deal through Gilt.com but I would pay full price for their services. A must try at least once.
i dont see anything ridiculous about paying for a nap.  not when the amenities are top rate, and i'm smack in the middle of manhattan with no other place other than the subway to catch some zz's.  yelo is a brilliant jewel.  if you're shopping all day, site seeing from one end of the city to the other, working a long 8+ hour day, a 20 minute power nap in the middle of your day will revive you for the remainder of your trek.  i paid 12$ for 20 minutes of comfort in my own "pod," doors closed, light music and the ever wonderful - Zero Gravity Chair.  it places you in a position that reduces pressure on the spine and reduces muscle tension. i slept instantly and woke when the soft amber glow gradually lit the room i left feeling relaxed and satisfied.
so i decided to go here with my mom and my sister after christmas based on all these great reviews and i have to say i was disappointed.  perhaps my expectations were too high. the place does look very cool and the atmosphere is nice but i didn't really like my massage that much.  i got the 20/20--20 minutes of reflexology and 20 minutes of their famed 'nap.'  the reflexology i wanted was for my shoulders.  i had just finished finals period and i wanted a great shoulder treatment to release some of the tension and get the knots out.  the woman who did the reflexology kept concentrating on my head though, even though i told her that i specifically wanted shoulder work.  after she had spent a significant portion of my precious 20 minutes on my head i asked her if she could concentrate on my shoulders more and she still focused on my head!  it was a fine head massage but that's not what i needed so i was annoyed about that.   after the massage, she left me to my 'nap.' unfortunately the stereo system was not working properly in my room--they couldn't change the sounds to one my preferences.  i didn't think it would be a problem, i'm not picky about those kind of things but it was stuck on 'ocean wave'  which was actually really kind of loud and annoying.  i couldn't sleep for probably 10 of those 20 minutes allotted for my nap because i wasn't that comfortable in the chair (despite adjustments) and because of the weird 'ocean wave' sounds.   while it was an interesting experience and maybe an innovative idea, it wasn't worth what we paid for it.  my mom got the full body massage which she said was okay but not amazing.  my sister got 30 minutes of foot reflexology, which she actually did like so that might be the only thing we recommend.  so i wouldn't really go here unless you want some foot work done.
I'm so glad that I came over to Yelp and saw all of these  positive reviews for yelo. I am a total spa fanatic and I usually like going places that have wet bars with steam rooms etc. for a whole day of self indulgence. Yelo may have cured me of this. My massage by Ally was wonderful. I got a 40 minute massage and added on the lava shells for extra decadence. Ally is a truly gifted masseuse and a sweet person. She checked in on me often but not too much that it distracted from my task of total relaxation.  After my massage she checked in with me to review what I liked and didn't like and recommended some  areas of focus for the next time. There will be a next time.
This place was wonderful! I bought this through an online deal site, as they can be a little bit pricey, but I now see why. Everyone was so warm and attentive. They first offered me tea and had my massage therapist sit with me and talk about what I wanted to get out of my experience, and let me personalize EVERYTHING. They give you an iPad to select what kind of atmosphere you want, the music, the aromatherapy, as well as your preferred massage styles. I wish I could remember the name of my massage therapist, as she was fantastic! It was a very relaxing and unique experience.
I was one of the many that bought a Groupon for a half hour massage and a nap so I was skepical as to how great this experience would be. I must say, I was pleasantly surprised!  The staff was incredibly welcoming and the space was warm and inviting. Joe (my guy for the hour) greeted me and took me into the massage room where the sounds of rain surrounded me along with some aromatherapy (I actually got to select them both which was cool).  I chose the shoulder and neck massage which was AMAZING!  I only wish it could have been longer but he really did a great job.  My "nap" followed and I was convinced there was no way I would fall asleep since napping is just something i don't do.  Well, I was wrong.  I sat in a VERY comfortable reclining chair with a nice blanket with my rain and aromatherapy and crashed!  30 minutes later the lights slowly came back up like a sunrise and Joe appeared again. Needless to say, I had a great experience and would highly recommend Yelo to anyone in need of a great massage and a little nap!
I came in for a waxing with Klara.  I had never heard of of Yelospa before but a friend recommended the place.  I loved it!  The place felt very much like a spa to me--I was offered tea when I checked in and asked to fill out a small questionnaire. There was no wait since I made an appt.  I was brought to a small room for my waxing and Klara changed the music to something a little more relaxing (without me even asking).  To say Klara was very kind and professional is an understatement.  She rocked!   I find that when I go to smaller places for waxes I'm never sure if I'm going to be rushed and made to feel like just another customer.  Not at Yelospa!!  Klara took her time, made conversation and she will definitely  now be my go-to girl for waxing and facials.  I was so happy to hear that I would get a discount on my next service (I can't remember why but does it matter). I couldn't pass up that kind of incentive so I will definitely be back.  I highly recommend Klara and Yelospa!!
had an awesome massage this weekend with shaun - very relaxing.  i had a gilt city deal and while it's not the cheapest place it's well worth it.  i'll definitely be going back - this place is a game changer!
Upon entering Yelo Spa I was greeted by the manager Michael who went out of his way to ensure that I felt welcomed. I was immediately offered tea and the ipad to check in. All of the staff wished me a Happy Birthday and made me feel extra special.  Since it was my birthday I was given 10 additional minutes added to my massage and a free sample of the aroma therapy mist. Ally was my masseuse and she was beyond personable and sweet.  She was attentive, listened to my needs and checked in to ensure that I was enjoying my experience. In some areas she it felt like she was barely touching me, however, when she worked on my feet I was in heaven. The actual massage was not the best that I have ever gotten, but it was definitely in my top 5 massage experiences. Ally suggested that purchased the oil she used because of its herbaI ingredients and my health needs. There was no pressure to buy anything, but I appreciated that she listened and ended up purchasing the actual massage oil. Overall It was truly a great experience and I would recommend this spa.
I was looking for a last minute spot for a good massage after running in a race the day before. I easily made my appointment online - you can book in increments of 10 minutes for however long you'd like - and showed up a few hours later. The staff was extremely accommodating and friendly - I've been to several other spas in the city where I've paid much more for a massage and felt that they didn't pay half as much attention to me! I was offered water/tea, a hot towel, and they let me choose my scent & music for the therapy. Right on time my massage therapist, Diana, brought me in to the room - clean, smelled amazing (I chose the scent, after all) and so relaxing. And then the massage began... Diana is literally the BEST! I was in excruciating pain and was so sore from my race and she did wonders for my muscles... I highly recommend her and the spa for a relaxing and enjoyable spa experience. Definitely will be back there as much as my budget allows!!
I went to Yelo Spa after purchasing a certificate for a renewal body scrub on Rue La La. It was my first time getting a scrub and I couldn't have been more pleased with my whole experience. From the moment I stepped off the elevator I was greeted and offered a yummy cup of hot tea (much appreciated since it was freezing outside). My treatment was very enjoyable - Rosella was extremely knowledgeable and friendly throughout the entire process. She explained the different products she was using and made sure I was completely relaxed and comfy the entire time. Rosella was attentive and I could tell she really cared about my experience. Afterwards, we hung out in the lobby and she explained some of the really cute products they have for purchase. I ended up booking a massage with her for two weeks from now! I have to say, the whole staff is very nice and it's a trendy looking but not stuck-up spa. I look forward to going back very soon!
I generally don't write to many reviews, but I just wanted to say that I had a truly amazing experience at Yelo! I live in Hell's Kitchen and have passed by Yelo on numerous occassions, but never went in thinking why on earth would I pay to nap when I live 4 blocks away - what a mistake. The spa was calming, clean and staff extremely courteous. The 30 minute neck and back massage was one of the best and addressed my kinks and pains and the relaxation nap room was amazing. I was thinking if airplane seats were like this, I would fly as often as possible!  I fell asleep and woke up relaxed. Highly  recommend!
I had an amazing massage but without a lounge, shower and other simple spa like amenities I thought it was much too expensive.
I call Yelo my happy place because I usually walk in tense, stressed and pissed off from my job, but from the moment I step inside the spa to the moment my massage is done, I am relaxed, loose and in a great state of mind and body.  This is thanks to Taisha, who is the most amazing massage therapist I've been fortunate to have found.  She radiates positive energy and her hands are magic!  If I could afford it, I would get a massage from her every day - no joke.  She's definitely the gold standard in massages, whether it's Swedish or reflexology.  The ladies who manage Yelo are also terrific and always make my visit a friendly, welcome one.  I don't go anywhere else!
I finally used my Groupon for a 50 minute Swedish massage and 20 minute nap yesterday. Joe was my masseuse. He was very attentive and I told him I wanted just my upper body since I've been having these pains in my neck and shoulders which lead to my lower back. It was good...I think I fell asleep here and there! The nap was strange to me...I couldn't sleep, maybe because I fell asleep during the massage.
Called on Friday at 3pm and was able to nab an appointment for a facial at 5pm.  Christina was amazing and did a wonderful facial.  Great part was that she did not try to upsell me or sell me products I didn't want or need.  The facial massage was unbelievable (and I've had facials all over the world) and the eyebrow waxing was very good too (clean lines, no pain).  The environment of the spa was cozy - the little pod where I had my facial was well designed, where I was able to select the type of music played and the scent of citrus of my choice.  Wonderful experience.
I purchased a Google Offer for Yelo spa for a facial and it was AMAZING. I have had many facials and was in search for 'the one' spa and this is it for me. Yelo Spa uses organic products which really smell awesome and feel great on your skin. My facialist, Nadia took her time to talk to me about my skin type and let me know what kind of products are best for me before she began. Not only did she do a great job with the facial but I went into a completely meditative state during the treatment! I felt very rejuvenated and refreshed when I woke up and my skin stayed hydrated for several days after getting the facial. All in all it was a wonderful experience. I just wish I could afford to go there more often!
i would give this place 4.5 stars if i could. (the minus .5 is only because there is no locker/shower room or lockers or place to robe or change, etc - minor stuff, i know) i love how modern this place is - right from the entrance to the 'cabs' where your treatment takes place. you pick your own smells/aromatherapy and the music you want played during your treatment. the receptionist was great - offered me water since i was super early and was friendly and approachable. i had set up a spa day - clear facial, yelo swedish massage and a nap plus. my facialist - nadia - was SUPERB. the spa uses the eminence product line which i absolutely love and had heard of before. she gave great advice, didn't "sell" the products and let me relax during my facial. i walked out feeling refreshed and felt my skin was smoother and softer. i forget my massage therapist's name, but she was excellent too. really warm and kind - and applied the right pressure. the reflexology/foot massage before my nap was great - that alone put me to sleep! the nap was not what i expected - you're basically paying for taking a nap on the bed you were on during your treatment. nevertheless - i passed out after my therapist sprayed the scents i liked and woke up feeling like a million bucks. overall, i had a great day here at yelo spa. everything was super clean, treatments were on time, staff was friendly and great. i can't wait for my next appointment.
My new favorite thing! I was relaxed as soon as I walked in, and the PowerNaps are worth every penny.
Wonderful, modern ambiance.  I booked a deal through groupon.  The massage was very relaxing, which helped me ease right into my 20min nap.  I would def return with another deal.
I decided to try Yelo Spa after getting a good deal on Groupon.  The spa is modern, and the receptionists are really nice.  The rooms are like pods.  I choose the music I wanted and the scents for my massage.  I asked for the music that was playing in the lobby, and it was perfect. I got the Swedish massage from Leslie, and she was wonderful.  I will definately come back here.  Next time, I plan to try to the 20 min nap.
I had a fantastic facial with Nadiya.  I was very stressed from work, so really needed to relax.  Nadiya had a great touch and a very positive energy, which made the facial very relaxing and enjoyable.  The ambiance in the room was lovely as well.  I will definitely go back.
Smile. Just seeing "Yelo Spa" above this white box that I am typing my review into makes me feel so zen and happy. My friends got me a Travelzoo voucher for a birthday present - $99 (retail value $185) for a 60 minute message, 20 minutes in a nap pod, and herbal tea. Yelo's ambiance is very welcoming and relaxing. The spa is designed in orange and pink hues. The receptionist was incredibly professional and attentive. I felt welcomed the moment I stepped into the spa. They seat you in their waiting area and offer you tea or water and then hand you an ipad for a quick check in (if you're a first time guest). The water - clever. They froze lemons into their ice cubes which made for a refreshing taste. I kind of don't want to tell you the name of my masseuse, because I don't want her to be booked from now until next year and then I won't have access to her again :) But, I won't be selfish. Jessica! I've had quite a few massages in my day. I'm used to masseuses reading your intake form, asking what area you want focussed on, and how you like your pressure. And then they do the regular routine that they do on everyone. I feel like Jessica really listened to what was bothering me, found problem areas during the massage, and really worked my tension and stress out in an expert way. You could tell she was so knowledgeable about the body - knew I was right handed, and that I sit a certain way, and that I don't really work out because certain muscles were weak and causing pain in my problem areas. She gave me some great tips on how I could reduce that tension by doing simple, quick yoga poses, etc. I also feel like I got some free therapy out of her. I'm the girl that cannot relax her arms in a massage. I just can't. I bantered "sorry, I have control issues!" And she responded, "I don't like using the word issues. Everyone has things we can each work on." Thank you, Jessica. You are so right! They also have the coolest massage beds too. The nap pod was great after my massage. A chair that puts you into zero-gravity position, a down blanket, and a light that went from pitch black to simulating sunrise in 20 minutes so that it woke you up gently. I didn't sleep because there were some people talking outside of my pod, which was a bummer, but still enjoyed myself. They also have a deal where you can pay $99 a month for a massage or facial. There is no sign up fee. You can cancel your subscription at anytime. You can transfer your massages to family or friends if you don't use it. And you can bank them from month to month if you don't use it. Uh? Yes please. Go here. You won't be disappointed.
My back was killing me at work so I decided to book an appointment at Yelo on a whim for that evening. I had no idea what to expect - the reviews looked great, but I'm used to splurging twice a year on a massage at a fancy spa. I was looking for something low-key, but still clean and comfortable and that's exactly what I got. The women who greeted me were extremely welcoming and professional and there was no hassle or up-sell at the end of the session. I was led straight to my room where I was shown where to hang my clothes. I'm guessing there's no locker room / shower there, but that wasn't an issue for me. Like the other reviewers, I did notice a low murmur of voices when people walked by, but it certainly wasn't loud or distracting. For anyone hesitant to try out Yelo - I'd definitely encourage you to try it. I would also highly recommend Virgil. He was an amazing masseur and really took the time to address my problem issues - even finding a few I wasn't aware of! Next time I book a massage, he will be at the top of my list.
Great massage ... Very friendly..  And clean. They need a sauna... It's crazy for a spa not to have one! And also they don't have a Locker room and area to just relax... In my mind a spa you stay for hours, here it's just in and out. None the less, gets the job done:)  reasonable pricing .. Will come back.
Highly recommend James. Incredible massage, I look forward to coming back and requesting him. I bought a small group of girls with me for a bachelorette party and they all loved their massage therapists too.  Spa did a fantastic job of coordinating all of our appointments and were very professional and easy to work with. Love that you can customize your session with additional treatments. I will definitely be back.
Hello everyone, I purchased a Groupon deal for a 60 minute massage and a 20 minute nap.  I was running late and called in  to let them know.  The receptionist was very understanding and was still able to accommodate me.  I was pleased as soon as I stepped out of the elevator.  I loved the interior of this spa, the warm colors were very soothing and inviting. The receptionist who greeted me was as warm as the decor.  She offered me tea and returned promptly with the tea (which tasted great) and a warm towel to wipe my hands(I love the little things). After, she sat with me and helped me pick my aroma therapy scent and sound. My masseuse Megan was amazing!!! She has a genuinely pleasant energy about her that made me feel at ease. She really took the time to understand my problem areas prior to my massage. She asked me to alert her at any time if I wanted more or less pressure or with any other request.  I appreciated not feeling rushed.  She made me feel very comfortable and cared for. The actual massage was wonderful. The room had a yellow hue and smelled great. The massage table was plush and warm. Megan focused on the areas we discussed and a lot of my back pain was relieved.The foot massage was especially nice. I really enjoyed the nap after the massage.  Usually, after receiving a treatment at other spas, I'm rushed out of the room rather quickly--which leaves me feeling disoriented.  With the Yelo nap you're able to further relax.  I felt so at peace and was able to sleep a bit.  At the end of the 20 minuted a sunrise simulation awoke me gently. I will definitely recommend and return to Yelo spa.
What an awesome place! I never write reviews, but this spa was so neat and welcoming that this review feels necessary. I bought a Gilt deal for a 50-minute massage and it was a million times better than any other groupon/online deal that I've purchased. What struck me most was how incredibly kind and friendly the receptionist (didn't catch her name!) and my masseuse, Andrea, were. Really sweet, wonderful people, who made me feel at ease about getting my first massage. While other places in this super-rich area of NYC can make you feel like you don't belong there, Yelo Spa made me feel just as important as the high-end clientele they probably attract. Really cool atmosphere, amazing staff.
I bought a deal on Groupon for a massage with a 20 minute add-on nap. I was so excited to see the deal because I read about this spa in The New York Times! I arrived a couple of minutes early and the very friendly receptionist knew my name already. She was very sweet and attentive. I was welcomed for my massage by my masseuse whose name was Shusee (I think I am spelling it correctly, Ah! Sorry!!) she was very calming and asked me a few questioned before beginning. The massage was very relaxing and she talked me through a few things that she was going to be doing since it was my first time. I would absolutely go back to Yelo- especially to try out my nap!
There's facials, there's facials and then there's Aiyani at Yelo Spa. Great facial and if there was an Oscar for a shoulder rub, and a nobel prize for relaxation she'd get both.  She also gave me some great advice on things I ought to do to look after my skin a bit better .. things that didn't involve trying to sell me expensive soap that I would forget to use .  I'll go back for sure
I've seen this spa on TV few years ago. I finally tried it 2 weeks ago. Went there with a friend. Andrea was my masseuse and she is AMAZING. I told her where my problems are and she made me feel so much better after the massage. I had rotate cuff surgeries many years ago and my shoulders are always very tight. Andrea worked REALLY details on those area. It felt soooooo good! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
I came here three times over the past year and a half - twice for a massage and once for a facial and each times has been absolutely wonderful. The second you walk in, you can see the modern and clean atmosphere of the spa and the receptionists are warm and welcoming. Each time, I was welcomed with a beverage and a wet towel for my hands and asked about my preferences with the treatments. The massages were amazing but unfortunately, I do not remember my masseuses' names. I had let them know of my problem areas and they were great in concentrating in those areas and letting me know what the underlying problem with me. I received a 20% email discount for my past visits so I decided on a whim to get a deep spa facial. My facial yesterday was with Alex and it was probably one of the best I'd ever had. She let me know right away of what my skin problems were and got to work on me, explaining each step of the way what she was going to be doing. The 60 minutes felt like 20 because it was just so relaxing and peaceful and my skin felt so great and clean afterwards! The massage was you're resting at the end is the best end to a facial and Alex was great every step of the way. I highly recommend this place and will be coming back for more facials and massages.
Bought the Yelp deal for my boyfriend as a gift. He said the massage was good. Seemed a little over priced.
AMAZING! Went here after searching on Yelp for a few options for prenatal massage. I wanted somewhere with at least 4 stars and some sort of deal - I'd rather not pay full price if I'm trying you out for the first time. Yelp had a $99 for $120 deal. Their 50 min massage is normally $120 so that is what I booked. I was a little late getting there but unlike other places they did not hold that against me. It seems they were expecting me as soon as I walked in. I didn't see any other customers there so it didn't seem like it's very busy. The lady at the desk (didn't catch her name, unfortunately) was really nice and brought me a cup of water and a hot towel while I did the paperwork. It had options for me to choose music and aromatherapy!  My masseuse Andrea came over and brought me to the room. They don't have the special massage tables here for pregos so she had me lie on my side, supported by pillows, switching sides halfway. I was very comfortable throughout, and she checked in on me here and there, regarding comfort and pressure. Her voice and touch were extremely soothing, I would have fallen asleep but I wanted to be awake for when I had to turn over. I was really able to relax and I felt my body tension/aches melting away. Afterwards, she gave me some tips on stretches and posture and answered my questions. I do not recall smelling the aromatherapy at any point though, I'm guessing it was the massage oil she used but there were no particular scents I picked up that matched what I circled. When I went back to the desk, the lady redeemed by Yelp deal...however since I ended up receiving a 60 min massage she charged $144....so the difference came out to 30 something after tax. Since I was interested in their packages, she told me about the monthly membership which I signed up for - $99 per month for a massage or a facial, 20% off on other services, 10% off on products. If you don't use that month's service it rolls over or you can gift it. Since I signed up right away, she gave me 20% off of my yelp massage, which brought my difference to pennies! I appreciated that. I am already looking forward to my next appointment, and possibly gifting to my other prego friends :) Side note - I read they have nap rooms, although not sure I would pay for that when I have a very comfy apartment :)
Still I have to come here for my ever best experience with Spa. This place all the affection which I feel with this for Johathan, did the best what I deserve. Looking forward to going back there. Undoubtedly Yelo spa is a reliable name--------so do!
got a facial there with Lora.  About the facial: amazing!  The woman is amazing!  SOOOOO knowledgeable of the skin and what to do - it's impressive.  Extractions - are done with impressive speed and quality - one of the best i've ever gotten.  My skin problems were assessed correctly and address correctly - great aesthetician. about the place: 1. cozy and cute, modern and clean.  2. great equipment for facials and great product selection for aesthetician to chose from to address any skin problem. 3. not pushy with sales of their product lines - which i like.  4. reasonable priced, not cheap, but from time to time affordable.  i wish they had more discounts promos, i would live there :).
*~*~*HEY... I just checked out their site and it says they now have 8 rooms and a shower facility.... I originally wanted to give them 3 stars but I upgraded to 4 because they upgraded themselves... I in fact will go back there now. But my original review is this: I came here for a pre-natal massage that my husband scheduled for me, so I had no idea about this place before hand. This was almost a year ago so I forget the name of my massage therapist but she was so very nice and did a really good job. What I wasn't thrilled about was the size of this place. It's more of a fast-food place for massages and facials because it is just so small, you're in-and-out! There are no locker rooms, no sauna, no showers, just bathrooms and massage/facial rooms. So yeah, it's cute inside with funky booths and lighting but it's just a waiting room with some products. Then you have your service and bounce! Can't relax afterward.
Alex, the aesthetician is incredible. Smart, kind, humble beautiful girl who was very knowledgeable. She gave me a great facial and is genuinely concerned about your needs and results. She made my experience perfect and serene. Thank you Alex!
Simply amazing! Immediately after getting off the elevator, you may feel a bit weird almost like in a maze but you immediately adjust. The colors combined with warm lighting comfy carpets, aroma and very warm staff contribute as well. Today was my very first visit for a 30 min power nap and I must admit I should have made it 40 mins. I felt revived. Pricing is reasonable. I can't wait to try out their massages. I will definitely be back.
I came here with a groupon : 179 for massage, facial and nap. It was pricier than I usually spend on spa treatments, especially groupons, but I decided to treat myself. Once you get out of the elevator, a fancy waiting room awaits you. The decor is nice and the receptionist is friendly. We were given iPads to complete our intake. You can pick music from whale sounds to mid evil chants to classical and beyond. I did find it strange there wasn't a real desk, just a computer against the wall tight next to the bathroom. I kind of didn't like people right outside the bathroom door while I did my business. My massage was nice and so was the facial. The services were great but I have also experienced similar work in less expensive places. The nap was a bit "meh". I didn't find it all that relaxing and the lighting was too bright. I had to use an eye mask. I could hear bass from the music in the waiting area and people talking and moving around. The chair was not all that comfortable to me and I kind of ended up curling up in a weird position. I fell asleep eventually but I didn't get the natural light wake up because I had the eye mask on. I woke up with a start to knocking on the door. All in all this place is nice but for the price I expected something different. Like steam rooms or the like. I felt like I spent too much even though I did save a lot of money with the deal. I would rather forgo the fancy walls and lighting and have more sound proof rooms and lower prices. If I am going to pay for fancy day spa prices I would expect a little more from the place. Like a robe so I didn't have to get fully dressed every time I move rooms... I was offered products which I did buy at twenty percent off. I ended up spending another 145 on tax, tip and two facial products. I gave three stars because it was a-ok but I wouldn't feel compelled to rush back.
Went for a couples massage. They double booked apparently and cut my time to 20 min instead of 50. They encouraged me to get a facial as part of my package, waited in a nap room for 20 min and finally got tired of waiting...decided to leave with my spouse and they took a small discount off of their mistake of the "50 min massage, chocolate foot scrub couples special" overall a great place but they need to get better organized.
I recently took my two friends here to get spa treatment and I have to say how impressed I was with this spa. The whole experience is amazing from the minute you walk in the door. The staff is very welcoming and they really take care of you. I got a massage from Andrea - I had heard before that she was one of the best and it truly was amazing!! It is such a clean and beautiful spa - overall I would definitely recommend it if you are looking to be pampered and relaxed. It is the best salon I have been to thus far in New York City. Love it and I will be back!
Still one of my favorite spa experiences! Nick isn't there anymore, but Jonathan did a really good job distressing me!
I want to write so much about my experience, but I have to make it short. Yelo Spa is the best kept secret of New York. I was not only able to get a bikini wax the same day I called, I got a 40% discount also, and they lowered the price as I didn't get the service I originally requested. The staff was so nice and calm, and funny, and Lauren was great and made me laugh the entire time. She knew what she was doing. I got to hear Zen music and also lavender aromatherapy was used in the room.  The space is totally Feng Shuied with beautiful jewel tones, and I was so relaxed and calm. I am grateful I found out about it through a friend on Quentin's Friends, and othe Yelp reviewers confirmed how Lauren is so great and wonderful. Thank you Yelo Spa!!  I will be back and spreading the word!! Linda Boney
I visited the spa today for a massage package that was gifted to me. As a guy, sometimes a spa environment can be -- a little awkward. But Yelo was very laid back and comfortable. It was easy to find and the staff was really relaxed and accommodating. My Masseuse Heidi was great. Don't let her sweet disposition fool you, she's got hands of thunder. The perfect balance for relaxation and getting the soreness out of hard-worked muscles. Their website is easy to use too and gives you a good sense of their space (sans baby on the counter). Check them out for a quality midtown massage.
I found this spa via yelp and went one evening because I was experiencing some pain in my shoulders and could barely move my neck.  I was grateful to be able to get in to the spa that evening for an appointment however in the end I was still in pain.  Normally when I have a massage and if I am experiencing any pain or stiffness a massage does wonders, not in this case, I was actually worse the next day which was frustrating as that was my concern and why I wanted to get in for an appointment.  I felt as though the massage therapist perhaps needed more experience as it felt as though I was having a friend massage me meaning similar to when I have asked a friend to massage me which has never been as good as a professional, mainly because friends normally are not trained in this field &  don't know the techniques and pressure points that are crucial to a great massage.  I liked the spa atmosphere and the aroma therapy although they were out of the kind that I wanted for my massage.  I think I will save my money and go to a spa that has a more experienced staff.
They've moved locations since the last time I went there, and this space is posh and gorgeous. The lighting is very pretty as well, soft jewel hues, very exotic looking. It's slightly intimidating to step out of the elevator doors and be greeted by all of the well-groomed, well-dressed staff. But they are very nice and professional and seem to have a system down as to who greets you, who escorts you to a seat to fill out a form, who helps with the products, etc. It's very well-organized. I booked one of their monthly event deals, which happened to be a massage/body scrub "ritual". I  usually think of scrubs as an invigorating, slightly torturous treatment meant for maintenance, not enjoyment. Not so for this one. The scrub was done gently by hand on a massage table, following by a relaxing massage with aromatherapy oils. The whole treatment was truly a "ritual" and I felt so pampered! Unfortunately I forgot the name of the person who did my treatment, but she was very good. The whole experience was very luxurious without feeling overly expensive, which is great. Sign up for on their email list to get all the info about their monthly events.
Bought the $115 for $150 Deal on a whim over the weekend and went on the online booking site to look for an open appointment. To my amazement Yelo Spa had plenty openings, even the same day, but I decided to head there on Monday after work. So I rushed there today and yes, I became a fan immediately. The soft pink-orange lighting in the reception area immediately calms you down, you get offered a cup of tea and a hot towel and are sat down with an iPad to enter your personal "get to know you" data - very slick! I had booked a 60-minute full-body massage and was led into the little massage pod by my therapist Maggie. Maggie did an amazing job! She declared that tight knot in my right shoulder her personal enemy and went to war!!! I could literally feel that spot cave under her touch. She also checked in with me a few times. And despite spending quite some time working my back, she still made sure that all other body parts got the attention they deserved/needed. I really had a wonderful experience at Yelo Spa - and I will be back! The only thing I disapprove of are the disposable cups used for serving tea and water. Please use real mugs or glassware for environment's sake!
After I wrote my original review, the manager, Michael, contacted me and offered a complimentary waxing to make up for my first experience. I have to admit I was really surprised, because in my mind I had given an average review - nothing particularly negative. But in his words, Michael wanted me to be "overwhelmed" by a positive experience at Yelo, and I took him up on it. My waxer this time was Lauren, and she was AWESOME!! She. Did. Not. Stop. Talking. And I loved every minute of it!! She's not the waxer for you if you like to keep your mouth shut and relax (though how some people can "relax" during a Brazilian I'll never understand) but for me, she was perfect. She kept me distracted and the quality of her work never suffered because of it. She used a mix of hard and soft wax and went back in with tweezers afterward to get every single hair. We even kept chatting after the wax was done, at which point Lauren said in her awesome Eastern European accent, "Now remember, no sex tonight." Epic life moment, right there :D
I purchased a package through Gilt City. It's been a crazy month and needed some pampering. The doors from the elevator open and you're automatically in a cocoon like lobby. The decor/lobby was pretty cool. My package included a 60 min massage, a 20 min nap in the infamous "anti gravity chair" detox spray and drink and a $25 gift card towards my next purchase. The massage was INCREDIBLE. Maggie was very present during our massage checking in with me here and there. She really impressed me on how much she could tell about me based on her massage. ( i.e.: did you wear heels last night? ) You get to choose your "aromatherapy" and music for your session. There was a malfunction with my info ( we enter it into an ipad ) and instead of being asked what I wanted, It was just done for me which I was a little annoyed with. I asked for nature sounds and got weird instrumental music. I was pretty disappointed when it came time for the 20 minute nap and I was told to stay put in the massage room. I was really looking forward to trying out the chair they advertised in the descriptions of all of the advertisements. The detox spray/drink was a nice add on but didn't seem to notice much of anything. At the end of check out, I'm told that I will only get $25 towards my next visit IF I book an appointment that day. Funny, because they don't tell you that when you buy the Gilt City coupon? I was impressed with the decor and "idea" of Yelospa but the only thing I fell in love with was my massage from Maggie. She really gave me one of the best massages I've ever gotten in NYC and I've tried a slew of places. If I do come back, it'll be because of her.
This place is wonderful. I arrived a little late and they didn't hassle me at all. The atmosphere was so relaxing and the staff very attentive, and Virgil did a wonderful job. Highly recommend!
My fiance made me a surprise reservation for a 50 minute massage on my birthday! Needless to say, it was a GREAT surprise. I was greeted and offered a hot cup of tea while I signed in. You get to choose relaxing sounds (I chose waves) and a aromatherapy scent (calm); they have like 10 options for each though. What is really great is they give you a lot of options of what you can do, focused, all over, etc for the massage. The room is wonderful and the massage bed was heated, I LOVED THIS! It was a wonderful experience and Andrea really knew what she was doing! She even gave me some tips on stuff I can work on for my back and the best ways to get the most out of stretching, etc! The best part is that they give deals during the week when they aren't busy and 10% your next visit if you book while you are there. I will definitely be going back! It was inexpensive, for NYC, and I had a wonderful experience. It was a great way to spend part of my birthday! Andrea was wonderful! Everyone go see her! Side note: they offer naps....you can go there for awesome adult relaxing nap time. So cool!
With Fashion Week NYC blindsiding us February 6-13, us local New Yorkers who call the City home the other 51 weeks of the year have to be careful only to share the hair, body and beauty spots that we don't mind being literally pushed out of. With that said, from London to Taipei, never have my personal skin and beauty expectations actually crossed with reality. Spas are a tough racket and if you have a favourite in you local neighbourhood hold on to it tight as there are not many that deliver a swift, effective, and vibrant treatment like the lads and ladies at Yelo. Thank you so much for the best way in town to get a complete facial replenishment, while keeping customer anonymity intact. Pleasantly surprised and impressed.
Ok..I get that people (especially cheap people)..don't get why anyone would pay to take a nap somewhere in Midtown Manhattan.... but trust me....in the right situation.. you would do it... Here is the situation.. Used to work on 57th & 5th.... Worked very long hours on a trading floor (try 60+hrs a week).. Used to try to go out for drinks after work...and attempt to have a social life Used to try to go to work the next day like I was a superwoman running on endless Duracell batteries... Guess what - I crashed one day at 11am... yup...head hit the keyboard Made up a big fat lie - to get out the office Dragged myself out the building....hailed a taxi and hauled ass up 3 blocks?? because I was so damn exhausted - I couldn't see straight. Laid down in that comfy...reclining...white chair... chose some blue colours for the walls.....some lavender scents for calming...and some cutesy, blonde chic tucked me in with the softest cashmere blanket ever.... I almost cried from relief........ and had a very deep....and sooo needed nap!.. Yes dammit!! Adults need NAPS!..... Nothing is worse - than being stuck at work - and you're so tired - that everyone becomes a blurr.... Yelo Spa saved me on multiple occasions.... Staff was friendly.......and to me...it was worth every penny..... Never had the pleasure of trying their other services.... So for the power nap - they get my 4 stars. So that's my 2 cents......
Wow this place changed my life.   I went last night, I had some time to kill after work before I had to do something later in the evening and I knew I'd be tired after a long day.  I'd been eyeing Yelo Spa because of the naps and stuff for a while now but never actually made it there.   I thought yesterday would be a perfect opportunity to try it.  And I'm glad I did. I opted for a 50 min massage and a 30 min nap (yes I know, frivolous to pay for a nap but I don't live in the city and there was no place else to crash and relax before my appointment later that night so I figured what the heck, I'll try it.) The place is in a great location - near 57th and 5th Ave.  I used to work near there and I love that area.   As soon as you walk in, the place is really warm and welcoming and smells great.  They offered me some water and a seat as soon as I came in.  (I don't know if it's by design but the space felt very 'womb-like' and comforting.)   Rossella was my massage therapist and she was AMAZING.  That's why I say this placed changed my life.  I get lots of massages and I'm always looking for a good massage therapist and Rossella was incredible.  I would have weeped because she was so good but I was too relaxed to cry. I know immediately within the first few mins how good a therapist is, even based on how they set you up and even how they drape you.  And I could tell right away, Rossella knew her stuff.  We had talked about my problem areas (my back and shoulders and neck) and right away she went to work on those areas and she used the right amount of pressure and the right techniques to get to the problem areas and get them to release.  She did some of the best body work I've had in a long time.  My shoulders, neck and back feel incredible today.   All I kept thinking (that is when I wasn't too relaxed to think) was "Oh my god this woman is changing my life... I don't know whether I should be happy or depressed".  Depressed?  I now know that I will come see her again and as often as I can afford ('afford' being the key) and that was the depressing part.  Now I'm hooked and this is going to cost me.  But there are some things that are totally worth it and getting a massage from her is totally worth it. As far as the nap - I didn't really nod off or sleep at all after the massage was finished despite being really relaxed.  I probably should have asked for the music to be turned down a little bit (you get to choose your music and you get to choose your scents for your massage).  And I could hear people roaming around and opening and closing doors and talking outside of my room so I couldn't really fall asleep.  So the 30 min nap wasn't really worth it at that time - I wish I'd just booked more massage time.   But if I was super tired and ready to fall over then yes, I'd go there again for a nap.  It was a clean, safe, soothing and relaxing environment and I'd go again for a nap if I needed it. However I highly recommend getting a massage here, it will change your life.  And I recommend the Yelp deal.
Ok. I understand that it's totally lame that I pay to nap.  When I escape my office for a half hour of slumber on w. 57th street someone in my office inevitably rolls their eyes or asks me how much I pay and then rolls their eyes.   But here's the thing:  I'm a much happier person than everyone else in my office... could it be the naps?  The fact that once a week I curl up in a comfy reclining chair mid-day listening to white noise (my choice, there are other options) covered in a cashmere blanket, feet elevated above heart level for a deeper slumber until the sun simulation lulls me out of dreamland and back on the corporate path?  No doubt lack of sleep makes for cranky business professionals.
Take a deep breath in .... and  deep breath out... relax..... You are in good hands at Yelo Spa. I had the pleasure of attending the delightful Sleep Enlightment event with Essence Of Vali last night.  Although I didn't do any of the services this time, I walked out feeling like this: - They care in the products they carry (I only saw organic and natural products) soyou can trust the products they use.  This is a huge deal for me, as so many spas use products that can actually harm your body.   - The founder really cares about sleep and well being.  The spa idea seems to have stemmed from a deep rooted passion in him.  He thaught us so much about the importance of getting proper sleep and how to maximize the rest we are supposed to achieve by sleeping.   Did you know that sleep deprivation is a form of torture? and did you know that you can go longer without food than without sleep without dying?  Neither did I! - Very friendly , warm and welcoming atmosphere Will go back to try their spa services and report.  A long time ago I tried their 30 minute nap session and it was great!  I actually did it the day of a final because I didn't sleep at all the night before.  Though I didn't feel like I went into a deep sleep, i was definitely relaxed and uplifted when i left the spa. If you have trouble with sleep, sleep disorders or insomnia definitely check out this spa.
I am not a fan of Spa's but I do have to say that the experience here was very good. Had purchased a Yelp deal which was worth every single penny. Excellent service and attention to details. the staff members were very professional and the massages were amazing.
I went to Yelo spa after purchasing a massage, aromatherapy treatment and zero gravity nap package on Gilt City.  My experience was fantastic and I would definitely go back again and again and highly recommend it to others. It's a lovely and peaceful waiting/intake area.  I was greeted with smiles and warmth. I selected my custom sounds ( I chose ocean waves) and scents and had one of the best massages I've ever had by Heidi.  It was thorough and deep and I felt amazing after wards. The zero gravity nap is no joke either.  I was knocked right out following the massage and slept incredibly soundly and deeply. GO THERE. I will absolutely book with Heidi for future massages.
Yelo is a little piece of heaven in the big city. My pal Rose (check her review!) and I spent the day traveling from the bottom of Brooklyn, footing all over Manhattan, paying tribute at the World Trade Center and doing some serious shopping. As we sat for a moment to let our barking dogs rest, we say, "God a nap sounds really good right about now". I remember reading an article somewhere about a place in the New York where you can take a power nap. A quick google search later and we're on our way to Yelo. We were greeted by a very kind receptionist who handed us a short questionnaire. One of said questions was "What type of music would you like to hear?" I went with the opera, Rose went with the classical piano and if you like peace and quiet, you can opt for silence. We were quickly ushered into our own "pods" and as soon as I slipped into the anti-gravity chair and had the blanket placed on me, I was out like a light. At $12 for twenty minutes of uninterrupted napping bliss, it was a steal. After the rest, Rose and I were ready for the New York night ahead of us.
I have been going to Andrea at Yelo spa for a massage for about a year now and she is FANTASTIC! She is sooo kind, gentle manner but strong masseuse. She is the perfect combination!
This spa offers an interesting combination on services. I got a facial and a foot massage combo which I thought was unusual although quite soothing. It was a 1hr service that involved two people, one doing the facial and one doing the foot massage at the same time. I have to say that it was an interesting experience to have someone squeezing out your pores while your foot is getting rubbed at the same time. After all that, you get to take a 20minute nap in one of their special nap pods. It was nice at first until I started to hear to conversation a lady was having in the pod next to mine, after that I just couldn't nap anymore. Overall, it was a very nice experience. The service was friendly and the atmosphere was very tranquil, although it may help if they had sound proof walls. Also, be ready to make some choices when you arrive, because you will need to fill out a paper indicating what type of music and aroma you would like during your session, which I thought give the whole experience a personal touch.
This was definitely a unique experience. I was in the city over my holiday break and was feeling super stressed out from work so I decided to treat myself while on vacation. Luckily for me, Groupon was featuring a deal at YeloSpa -- $59 for 50 min Swedish Massage with a 20 Minute Nap. SCORE! My Groupon was available for use immediately so I made an appointment (you have to, and make sure you cancel 24 hours in advance or you forfeit your voucher!) for the next day. From the moment I walked in, I knew Yelo would be a different experience. The building itself is a little hidden but once inside, you feel tranquility literally envelop you. As you fill out the "Getting to Know You" sheet, make sure to try their Lemon Ginger tea, it's amazing! The massage itself was fantastic.. Heather Yoo is a definite keeper! Even Mr. G (the Weatherman) yes him... recommended her. I ran into him in the lobby and he chatted me up about you know, the Weather :) There are 7 pods in total and you experience your massage in 1 pod and then are transferred over to another pod for your napping pleasure. The chair literally leans back until you are on your back with your legs above our heart, which is really good for you. Then they wrap your feet in these cashmere wraps and put a nice cashmere blanket over you as you nap to your choice of music and scent. I chose classical piano and lavender and it was amazing. I could go on and on about this place but really, go there and experience it yourself. You might even meet the CEO who swings by often. TIP: There will be a $1.94 tax fee on top of your Groupon so be sure you are prepared for that and tipping on the original value. Be a good customer :)
I love this spa...really! It's great for a swedish massage, reflexology massage, or even just a quick nap!  I love this option and have used it on more than one occassion.   Recently, I've become a "regular"...Jessica is great...I had a fantastic Swedish massage by her on Wednesday and look forward to my next one!!  You typically get 15% off when you rebook your next massage! Also, if you are a yelper, they have a free add on with any 60 min massage, and when you check in, you can get a 20 min nap with any 60 min reflexology massage. Love these guys!  You will too!  Check them out!
I had a great experience at Yelo today! Yelo is beautifully designed and brilliantly staffed, and every detail makes you feel good from the moment you walk in the door.  From the wonderful tea served in unusual hand blown glasses, to the lighting, and the perfect energy of the people who greeted and took care of me-- a home run experience.   The treatment rooms are spacious and very comfortable, the reflexology great, and the nap chairs are so comfortable-- im ready to toss my bed out the window and convert my bedroom to a yeloroom.   Im looking forward to trying the aromatherapy products I bought too.  :)
I booked a 30 minute facial and 20 minute nap with a coupon purchased through livingsocial.  I had tried calling the spa few times before, but was told everything was booked each time.  I was finally able to make an appointment on the same day that I called. The receptionist was nice and I really liked that they weren't a pretentious, snooty spa.  She offered me a choice between two teas. The facial was lackluster.  I asked the facialist (I unfortunately don't remember her name, but she was a young blonde with a Russian, I think, accent) if I should remove my makeup first (I brought makeup remover with me) and she told me that it was fine and she would do it; however, I don't think she did, so I just kept imagining my makeup being rubbed into my skin and clogging my pores.   The facial was very no-frills.  Don't expect any extractions; it is simply masks.  During the facial, I kind of got the feeling that the facialist didn't really know what she was doing.  She just kind of rubbed stuff on my face and during the body massage part, there was no pressure and so it felt like she was just petting me. At the end, she put some kind of oil on my face, which made me look a little greasy, and also ended up in my hair.  Thank God I went straight home and didn't have any plans after my facial. As for the nap, the chair was so comfortable!  You get to choose what sound effect you want during your nap, but unfortunately they had put the sound on in another room, so I had silence. I told the receptionist about this (a different one than who checked me in) and she apologized for it.  She also asked me how I liked the facial, and told me the facialist was new (surprise, surprise). I had bought two coupons so I'm using my second one next month and have requested a seasoned veteran for the facial. Overall, it's a nice, inviting spa, but I'm glad I didn't pay full price for the service that I received.
My sweet, darling boyfriend treated me to a massage + facial at YeloSpa last weekend as my Valentine's Day present. He did a great job doing the research because Yelo didn't disappoint! The only thing missing was a true lounge area and a shower. i KNOW you're supposed to leave the massage oils on so they seep into your skin and stuff but I don't live in the city and I had planned other things to do that day so I was little sad. I just smelled like lemons for the rest of the day, which isn't too bad, but I really hate the greasy feeling and it makes me feel dirty lol. ANYWAY! So, Yelo has these mini massage rooms that feel like pods. I like that you get to pick your own music and ambiance; that was pretty cool. The massage was nice, except that the woman doing my massage didn't have consistent pressure. I like medium pressure but she kept going from medium to soft. Other than that, she was very nice. I then had the 60 mins Restore facial, which was great. I like when the technicians teach you about your skin and how to take care of it. She was a lovely person. I also like that they didn't try to pitch products to you too. I think that for the price paid, it's comparable to Bliss but you don't get a lounge and shower. Overall the services were great but with Bliss you get a little more for the money.
My boyfriend and I were massage newbies, so we have nothing to compare our experience to, but Yelospa was an amazing first time! The waiting area is super cute,   cozy, and there are equally cute products for sale on the shelves. The atmosphere is surprisingly calm despite the hot pink and orange decor. Now for the massage; I got Christina and he got Andrea; both gracious and great at what they do. I felt relaxed yet invigorated after my massage, and I think it made massage addicts out of us! The only thing that threw me off were the actual rooms; if it weren't for the strategic lighting, it would have looked like a doctor's exam room. I guess the waiting area got my hopes up about the entire space looking perfect, but this is something I can look past. I was curious about their famous napping pods, but perhaps that will be a treat for another time.
Pretty amazing spot to get a massage! Decent price and excellent service. Looking forward to going back there. ;)
Yelo is great. If you are in need of a relaxing rest from work, or a break in between meetings in the city, go grab a nap! What could possibly be more relaxing. While not the cheapest nap, I think it was worth it. I have a hard time taking naps but this put me right into my happy relaxed place!
I don't give out a lot of five star reviews, but I've been unbelievably stressed and decided on Friday afternoon that I needed a massage this weekend. I looked through Yelp and found Yelo Spa, which is easy to get to (half a block from the 57th st/8th ave Columbus Circle exit) and was able to schedule me for the next day without a problem. They do have online booking, which is awesome, but since I was scheduling my massage so last minute, I had to call them. The woman I spoke to was friendly and helpful. I walked in about 15 minutes before my scheduled time and was given an intake form and asked if I wanted water or tea. I took water and settled in. The form was pretty simple - asking about the type of music/sounds I prefer and what aromatherapy I wanted. Beth came out right on time and ushered me into the pod where my massage would take place. I love the little pods - there are seven in total, I think, and they're just the right size to feel safe and intimate, but not claustrophobic. Beth noticed immediately that I hold a lot of tension in my shoulders and really listened when I told her that my neck gets very stiff and my headaches are probably related to that tension. This was a Swedish massage, not deep tissue, but she used a fair amount of pressure, which is perfect for me, since my mid to upper back is really knotted. She even honed in on the outsides of my thighs during the leg massage; I didn't realize how tight those muscles were, but she was spot on. I left feeling relaxed, though I'm understandably sore today, given how tense my muscles were. I also booked another appointment in a few months, since they give you a rebooking discount if you make the appointment before you leave. I'm looking forward to coming back.
Walked in and got a Hydrate facial with Nadia today -- turned out to be the best facial I've ever had. She started off by closely examining my skin and noting the areas she was going to focus on and the products she would use. They use products from an organic Hungarian line; I was treated with a lemon creme cleanser, strawberry rhubarb scrub/masque, acai berry hydrating masque, and ended with a calendula cream moisturizer. The hot towels she used had a soothing smell which turned out to be roses -- it was very mild (not old lady floral) and a really nice touch. She was very thorough yet gentle with cleansing, massaging, and extractions. Some facialists put a mask on and leave you alone for 10-20 minutes during the steam and/or mask portions, but Nadia did massages during those times -- it was heavenly!! Definitely recommend and will return. My friend got a reflexology massage and loved it, also. The front desk was super nice and accommodating, too. As soon as we got in, they offered us tea and/or water before we even decided to get anything done. The whole spa is clean and calming. Thank you, Nadia and Yelo Spa for a great and relaxing experience!!
Interesting to say the least...Was my first visit @ Yelo and its very inviting. Associates/Recep were nice and the place overall had a nice to feel to it. Was a bit modernized with the neon lights, which was cool. Anyway, i had a swedish 50m massage in a cacoon room so to speak. I also had the option to choose the type of music i wanted...i chose the ocean which was ok. The MT was pretty good...she used her forearms more than her fingers which gave the massage a different feel--which was pretty nice. They are a bit expensive I think...since MOST massages are 60m, but hey the owner runs the spot how he wants too. The air in the room blowing through the vents were a bit distracting. I recalled checking off Lavendar oil but that wasn't used on me. I only noticed after it was completed. the best thing of all was the coconut almond tea offered at the end. THAT WAS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOD! I'm now in stalker mode to find some lol. Overall, it was decent...not sure if I'll be back though.
I just returned home from a fabulously relaxing and rejuvenating facial with Lauren. Lauren was absolutely lovely: professional, knowledgeable, informative, and... soothing! Not only did she do great extractions, and gave an  enjoyable treatment, I walked out deeply relaxed - and glowing! While she massaged,  and peeled, and masked my face she put a peel on my hands as well, so now both hands and face are velvety soft and glowing. She gave me a bunch of tips for my at-home-care to boot so I can stay shiny. I really enjoyed the treatment with Lauren, and Yelo experience - nice spa and lovely hosts who welcome you with a pretty smile and a nice cup of tea and towel. Highly recommended!
I've searched 5 years for the perfect massage in NYC and finally found it at Yelo. The dim lighting, the heated, large and most comfortable beds, the music you can choose...everything makes the experience just unforgettable. oh! and did I mention the massage therapist? I have tried a few who were all great but Taisha is my favorite. She truly listens to your needs and even without telling her anything she feels and finds all the areas you wanted to work on most. She is truly gifted. The overall ambiance of the spa is young, quiet. warm, laid-back and cosy...I go every week!
Wow. Hands down I had the best massage of my life here. I was visiting from SF and having a miserable morning- combination of hungover, lack of healthy food, family drama back home, and disgustingly hot and humid weather. Also, my legs and feet were killing me from days of walking everywhere. I looked up spas and stumbled on Yelo Spa and bought the Yelp deal. I got a 60 minute massage with Christine and she brought me back to life! It was amazing. I was so blissfully out of it when I came out the girls were all laughing haha Highly recommend to anyone looking to relax and relieve stress. Thank you Christine for bringing me back to life and allowing me to enjoy the rest of my vacation.
Great location and very nice and relaxing atmosphere. I enjoyed my spa package and would go there again. I really liked the fact that they do not push you to buy any products and I therefore respect and appreciate this type of businesses.
