After two facial treatment I could finally stop using that much make up... Had problems with acne for a past 6 months ,nothing helped Now I can finally see the result !gonna come back to you guys at the end of summer !!
As small as the esthetician is... she is not afraid to get down and dirty with the extractions!! I came here twice for facials. I am African American with combination skin and darker complexion, I say this because it is very important you go to a spa that can handle every skin type! The first time was for the deep pore cleansing facial (although she modified it because she said my skin is not very acne prone), she gave me less extractions, but still used the full 90mins. Everything felt comfortable and very similar to my experience at my favorite spa in Virginia! I left with my skin glowing, not feeling tight, and no visible blackheads. My esthetician was soft spoken, explained what she was going to put on your face prior to doing it, and didn't talk very much throughout the facial (which I love adds to the relaxation ambiance). Second facial I went to get was after I got sunburned in Miami (didn't use sunblock, and my skin was peeling smh). I explained to her what happened, and she decided she would give me the signature facial with a moisturizing mask. She then told me my peeling skin can easily be removed and will be painless.. sure enough I left glowing again! No complications after both facials, and my skin breaks out easy so I recommend this place to anyone with sensitive skin. Very hygenic place! Clean bathrooms, clean rooms... they sell dermalogica products at the counter HOWEVER I advise to ask your esthetician who worked on your face which one is right for you. I bought one product, a daily exfoliant, thinking it'll be what I needed, costs about 60 bucks .. and I dont even use it because i almost always wake up with a small amount of bumps on my face after usage. The product even says consult your dermatologist for a skin mapping to see which is appropriate! Well now I know, for now I stick with body shop products. If you drive parking is very expensive.. but you can possibly find street parking depending on the day of the week!
I went here a few times when it first opened, and I liked it - enough to keep going back until I discovered Yin Beauty... it was nice, clean and I liked the layout.  I also liked the fact they sold Dermologica products!  However, last time I was in town and got a facial, I had kind of a crappy experience. The facial itself gets 4 stars - nice, relaxing, she took her time and gave  proper facial massage, head and shoulders... but the towel wrap/robe she gave me made me break out into massive, proper hives! I was so shocked - I had started to get itchy when I was lying there, but thought maybe a mosquito had got in the room... but by the end of the hour I was properly turning red!  She was nice enough to try and put some calming cream on me, but by then I was too busy scratching the hell out of myself to notice. I paid in a rush, pick up some benadryl and knocked myself out on it until the bumpy itchies went away.  PS, I have only got hives before because of dust... so that thing must've had something fierce in it!  If you're not as sensitive as I am (though I didn't think I was) then maybe it will be okay.   Shame too because she was a good facialist.
Chose this place after googling the best spas in Manhattan, and decided to get my first ever facial. Customer service was great starting with booking my appointment on the phone to the greeting when I walked in. She was expecting me and had the paperwork ready. The woman who did my facial, Yuko, was very nice and explained everything. I enjoyed every step and the extractions were not that painful. My skin feels very soft now. On my way out I booked a massage for a couple weeks from now- can't wait!
I had a Glow facial (75minutes) with Yuko. It was AWESOME! My problem was that I had some "closed comedone" in my face, and it was annoying! I tried so many times to get rid of it by myself, and turn out just left scars in my face and they were still there!! After few weeks struggling, I finally gave up and started searching yelp reviews for extraction. Glad I found Moonflower!! So if you are having the same problem just like me, stop squeezing! Go to Moonflower, Yuko will solve the problem within 15 mins! The process of cleaning closed comedone, basically she used tiny niddle to open the comedone and did the extraction. It may sounds hurt but actually not. After that, you will have little tiny red spots in your face, it will be gone in 3 days so no worries! It is important to find someone professional to do it, since if the closed comedone is not 100% extracted, they will grow back again very soon! After the facial with Yuko, my face is glowing now, and all the annoying little things were gone. I will definitely go back and try other facial treatments again!
I went here as a birthday treat for myself, and given the fantastic Yelp reviews I read I expected it to be prefect. I should probably add that it was my first time ever at a spa as well. Since my main issue with this place came from a missed communication with the woman at the front desk, I'm going to start with the *good* part of my experience here. I booked a 60 min Swedish massage and a 45 min "mini" facial-both were AMAZING! I had to apologize to my therapist that day, because I fell asleep midway!! That is how relaxing it was. She politely offered to hook my iPod up to play my own music, but as someone who has a laughable taste for lewd Top 40 hits and 2 Chainz, I declined. Every single bit of tension I had in my back was thoroughly smoothed out by the time I was done. My facial was equally great- my skin looked altogether brighter, super clean, and fresh-and thank you to my facialist for the free samples! Now, for the bad: I looked over the prices on the Moonflower Spa's website so I had a pretty good idea of what I was going to be paying before I came in. However, when it came time for me to pay my bill for the day, the receipt listed a price a full $50 more than what I was expecting! Even including a generous tip for my therapist and facialist for the day, that makes no sense. I paid it anyway, figuring that maybe their price list online was just outdated. On my way out, though, the woman at the front desk called me and told me to come back because she'd accidentally over charged me. She then gave me back less than half of what she'd over charged me, claiming the rest was for "tip". Luckily I was super zen from just having experienced their excellent services, and kind of confused as to what an appropriate tip would be anyway, so I let it go. In New York, if you haven't had someone try to rip you off at least once you haven't lived a full life. Thanks, Moonflower Spa, for adding yourselves to the list of skeevy cab drivers, sneaky waiters, and all the other unscrupulous characters residing in Midtown who've made my wallet that much lighter!
Disappointing overall. I went on a Sunday afternoon. The massage wasn't great. I've had better for much cheaper. The facial was eh. I did appreciate how gentle the esthetician was though. She was not, however, very thorough with my extractions. The staff was sweet. The decor wasn't stellar. No showers to get the massage oil off after your spa experience.
I had a wonderful 60-minute Swedish massage when I visited NYC in May. The massage therapist did a great job and I left feeling relaxed. The facilities were relaxing and clean, and the price was reasonable. Will definitely visit again if I ever find myself back in NYC.
I came here for facials three months ago and overall had a good experience. The place was very calm and quiet. The person doing my facial spent some time asking me about any potential skin problems I wanted her to be aware of, anything I was looking for specifically in a facial that day, etc. So she definitely cared and wanted to make sure I got what I was looking for. Since it was my first time at Moonflower, she suggested I get a basic facial just to see how my skin would respond, but because I knew I was very clogged pore-wise that day, I asked for a deep cleaning facial instead (it's great to know that they didn't just want to sell me on more expensive packages!). The facial itself was very calming, and the extractions were surprisingly very gentle. She explained everything she was doing as she did it, so there were no surprises at all. In the end, though my face felt cleaner, I'm not completely certain that this 'deep-cleaning' facial was any more cleansing than the basic facial I've had at another spa I've been to in Manhattan. Maybe I will check out other spas in the future to see if there is a difference, or maybe it's just me in that facials don't feel like they do much for my skin long-term.
Moonflower Spa is typically my "go-to" spa. I've visited them countless times over the past 4 years and generally sum up my experience as great to stellar. As people noted, the staff is polite and facials gentle. This past visit I was thoroughly disappointed, however. I would have given a lower star if it were not for the other good times I've gone. I booked a two hour massage / facial special with the expectation the service would be done by a certain time. I'm already aware the facialist leaves for 10-15 minutes after each mask application which hasn't bothered me before. But this time, I was left in the room for a very long time. As I did not have a watch I had no idea how long. But after my facial was complete, I realized it took 1 hour and 40 minutes! I must have been sitting there for at least 30 minutes! I was forced to take an abbreviated massage and was thoroughly disappointed when they didn't attempt to make amends at the front desk. The front desk lady offered only 50% off the massage price (duh, it was 30 minutes instead of 1 hour and even then it was barely 30 minutes). After pressing, they finally gave me 20% off but I was disappointed they didn't offer to re-book the remaining massage time for free. The facial otherwise was good (besides the 30-40 minute waiting around) but the massage was clearly rushed. I like Moonflower Spa so will try their services one more time but seen a decline in their services as of late. Hoping they will move out of this rut.
Had a really nice visit here. I did the weekday special of the glow facial + swedish massage and was very happy with both! Facial was 75 min and massage was 60 min. Spa was very clean, and all the staff were professional and courteous. It is worth mentioning that this facility has no shower so just be aware of this fact before you go. Definitely recommend a visit!
BEWARE: employees don't know how to properly do extractions I got a facial from Yotoko and was really disappointed b/c she had no idea what she was doing. I was breaking out on my face and having had facials before, I assumed that any zit would be off limits for extraction or popping, but no, not for Yotoko.  She went straight for and popped a huge zit on my face, which was VERY painful.  Sure, I could have told her to not extract that huge zit but I assumed any respectable spa that routinely performs facials would know this.  Not true for Moonflower Spa. By the time I could say anything, it was too late and the damage and scaring had already been done. I'd highly recommend avoiding this place at all costs if you have sensitive or acne prone skin, and don't want scars from extractions. Yes, the place is clean and the staff is very courteous and professional; this place provides great value for the price (90 min. facial for less than $100).  HOWEVER, I don't believe employees are trained to do proper extractions.
Absolutely adored this place!! It's located in midtown, you take a tiny little elevator up to the 3rd floor and ring the door bell to enter. The waiting area is beautifully decorated going along with the sweet lighting and calming music it takes you away from all the hustle and bustle of the city. The lady that gave me the massage was the sweetest, asked me for my problems areas and spent extra time on them, I drifted off through most of the session. Even though she's a petite little lady she was strong and put tons of pressure which was exactly what I needed. Walked out feeling extremely relaxed and satisfied, woke up sore for the next 2 days then I felt amazing with all the knots gone. Would definitely come back for a facial next time.
After visiting Japan - I was entranced by how every Japanese woman had perfect, luminous skin and was inspired to try Moonflower Spa. My treatment was okay - while my skin glowed immediately after I didn't see any lasting improvement. I wish that my technician would have focused more on my acne rather than the blackheads on my nose. The acne facial involves a separate machine, takes longer and costs more so maybe I will try that next time. My technician also left the room while my mask was working.
I had a spafinder certificate and wanted to use it at moonflower spa to try their facials. When I called to book the appointment, I couldn't decide if I wanted the signature (60 min) or the deep pore cleansing (90 min) service. The receptionist suggested booking a 90 min appointment, so I can decide on which facial after speaking with the esthetician. I mentioned having a spafinder certificate and the receptionist confirmed it wasn't a problem. I arrived just in time for my appointment. Shortly after, I met my esthetician Laila and she showed me to the room. Laila examined my skin and gave me the option of the signature facial but recommended the deep pore cleansing. The main difference was the extraction. With the signature facial, it included 10 mins of extractions, whereas the deep pore cleansing facial included 30 mins of extractions. I went with the deep pore cleansing and am glad I did. While I'm a believer in no pain/no gain, the extractions were gentle. I actually drifted off and fell asleep at some point. The rest of the facial was the usual mask and moisturizing. She also applied sunscreen at the end. It was a good facial that left my face glowing. What I liked the most was the thorough extractions and also that, by the end of my facial, I realized the session was well past the 90 min mark. I like knowing that she took her time and didn't rush through the service. I'm now debating on purchasing a series of deep pore cleansing facials.
I should probably start this review by saying that prior to Moonflower, I have never had a facial in my life. For the record, I am 36...yeah yeah...I know...what a barbarian... Part of the reason is because I have acne scarring and have always felt really self-conscious about people touching my face. However, I knew I had to get over my fears and start taking care of my skin. Thanks to you Yelpers, I chose Moonflower and booked an appointment with Yuko (she's awesome and very nice) for a deep pore facial. And after 3 appointments, I just had to shake myself out of my Yelping laziness and write a review especially for those of you who are fearful and/or new to the facial/spa experience. Also, reading reviews of other spas shocked me (room sharing? painful extractions? post-facial breakouts? bitchy aestheticians? only 20 minutes?! wow....) because my experience at Moonflower was nothing but relaxing and therapeutic with very very positive results. I feel like my skin is finally being healed of all the damage and neglect I put it through! When I arrived, I was pleased to see how calm and tasteful the salon was. I was led to a private room where I changed out of my sweater and into a wrap thingy. Light classical softly played in the background. The room was clean with dimmed lights and some Japanese touches in the decor. Hooks and baskets are provided for you clothes and bag(s). And during the 1.5 hours (yep--you read that right..my facial was always at least 1.5 hours!), I was in that room, it was nothing but quiet, serene, peaceful. I guess it is the closest I can get to my having my very own sensory deprivation tank! Yuko and I spent a few minutes talking about what to expect, what I am currently using on my face (makeup, skin care regimen, etc) and because my skin was really really clogged and damaged, she recommended that I start with an appointment every 2 weeks until she could get to know my skin and see the progress and then move to facials every 4 weeks, preferably a week before my "cycle," which is when I break out the most. So with that, I lay back onto the table and she turned on the steam machine and began my massaging in a cream cleanser to remove my makeup. After wiping off the cleanser with a damp cloth, she massaged in another lotion and massaged my face, neck and shoulders. She was very sensitive to how much pressure I wanted and asked each time she increased pressure if it was too much. Super-relaxing! She then took a damp cloth and covered my eyes and then turned up the lights so that she could begin the extractions. She asked me about my threshhold for pain. I guess mine is pretty high because while the occasional extraction can feel a little sharp, for the most part, it wasn't bad. The first 2 times she did extractions, she only used her gloved fingers and a paper towel. The 3rd time, she used the lancet so that she could get the more deeply impacted clogs. And she did just one to see whether I could withstand it first (to me, not painful at all).  She stopped occasionally to see if I was bearing up ok too. I think it is also important to note that you should not expect every blackhead to be extracted. That's just not good for your skin, especially if you are only starting out. But each time I went back, she did do more and more. This last time she must have spent a good 15-20 mins doing extractions. At the end, she wiped my face with a soothing antiseptic. After that, she massaged in a very gentle exfoliating cream and wiped it off again with some damp cloths. She then applied a nice and tingly clay mask. She covered my eyes again with a damp cloth, turned down the lights and left the room for about 10 mins. This is a great time for a catnap! She then came back in, wiped off the mask with damp cloths and applied a super cool gel calming mask. It smells really nice! She covered my face with cool damp cloths to allow the gel to absorb into my skin and left me for another 15 mins. Yay! Another great opportunity for a catnap! She came in again, removed the residue and then gently tapped in some eye cream and then massaged in some moisturizer. And that was it! She also gave me a bunch of Dermalogica samples (I am a fan of the oil control lotion, thermafoliant scrub and overnight clearing gel now!) too but did not push product. She also made recommendations on care between facials. Like I mentioned before, this was my first facial experience and after my 2nd appointment, I knew that I wanted to do this on a regular basis, so I booked the package of 5 (about $85 per session).  I left a $20 tip (like most Japanese businesses, there are small little envelopes at the cashier for cash tips). If you are hesitant about getting a facial because of fear/horror stories, I can't recommend Moonflower enough! It is making a huge difference in my skin and I always leave refreshed, happy and relaxed!! Just relax and trust your aesthetician! :)
Hands down the best facial i've ever had and Yuko gets all the credit! I do my best to take care of skin. Lets face it, you cant fake good skin. I really dont want to see my 40 year old self on an episode of "Real Housewives of Queens" with my face all botched up. To avoid doing that to myself, I try to get a facial every other month. Thank you yelpers for your great reviews. I booked a Glow facial (75minutes) with Yuko. She was AMAZING! Heres how it went down I walked in and immediately thought "ah, this is what heaven looks like" Clean, beautifully decorated, soft music playing in the background, just perfect. The hallway leading to the room had candles all over the floor, it was really nice. I laid down in the bed and Yuko went to work.... -cleaned off all the garbage on my skin -masaged my face, shoulders, chest, neck-almost fell asleep -Steam machine and enzyme peel -Extractions-It did hurt but that was only because I told her I have a really high pain tolerance (so not true) -Wiped my face with a disinfectant spray -Masage with cream -Mask-left it on for 10 minutes -Sunscreen and I was good to go The facial lasted over an hour and half. Sooooo relaxing. My skin looks INCREDIBLE. Its literally glowing. If my boyfriend noticed a difference then you know the facials great. Yoko gave me a sample of this serum for my breakouts and an exfoliant face wash. I already booked my next facial. WORTH EVERY PENNY!
Thank you fellow yelpers for your reviews... reading about all the great things on this place I decided to book an appointment for a Glow Facial (yay Summer Fridays!!)... I went yesterday and decided to wait a little and see how my skin reacts to write a review... so far my skin looks FABÜ!! After a traumatic facial experience at a local Astoria spa, I was definitely a little skeptical about facials period. Seeing all the awesome reviews on Moonflower Spa, I decided to take a chance (+ my face really needs the pampering...) Entering the salon, I just felt a sense of serenity. The place is so clean and with soothing Japanese instrumentals playing softly, I felt for a second there that I was in Japan.. I was greeted by a very nice lady who checked me in, in 5 minutes I was led to a private room by my facialist, Laila. After stripping down and putting on my gown, I laid down on their comfy bed. Laila stripped the makeup off my face and analyzed my skin. And then she was off with and enzyme peel and extractions. The extraction were painless!!!!! I was completely amazed at this... She then continued with exfoliation, mask, massage.. lets just say I fell asleep. After my 75 minutes were done, I was shown a clean and glowing face. I was so impressed with my skin, even my co-worker and OH was impressed. My coworker even said "DAMN.. they scrubbed you clean!!!" and asked for their card Definitely would come back and willing to try their other services.. Worth every penny **make sure to make an appointment atleast 2 weeks in advance
I don't understand all these 5 stars. I booked a deep-cleansing facial based on yelp's reviews and was disappointed.  Yes, everybody is very nice and the place is clean and cute. Maybe I was expecting something else but the person spent very little time doing the actual facial and I was left alone in the room for quite some time.  I dozed off for a little bit and when I woke, the facial was done.  The extractions took maybe 3-4 minutes and seemed like she missed a lot. I expected a lot based on the reviews but walked away really disappointed.
Again, another spa place where I don't understand the hype. Yes, the "nice lady" was nice. Yes, the place is clean and serene.  and Yes, she leaves for 15 minutes or so during face masks when most places would give you a gentle shoulder massage. I don't know if it is because I've had many great facials from different cities, but this one just doesn't meet my expectations. Nothing to really dislike though. Very average.
Normally I'm quite offended by the term "slut" but I just might consider myself a spa slut. I'm willing to try as many places as possible until I find "the one." With that said, the calm interior was conducive to a pleasant experience. The aesthetician even offered ear plugs to block the construction noise outside (but I didn't need it) The actual facial was a little bit of a letdown, however. I felt she didn't do enough extractions and left the room for 10-15 minutes. Normally, this would have been a perfect opportunity for a hand massage or neck rub. Pros: Dermalogica products and samples Mellow environment Cons: Weak extractions No massages
Good and mostly effective facial.  I agree with other yelpers about the amount of time you are lying in the room alone with a mask on when Yoku could be doing some kind of massage, but the extractions were totally worth it.  I really liked this place and plan to go back.  Also super convenient location. ps.  Would recommend OVER Bliss spa!
I had a really good experience at Moonflower Spa.  After work one day, I just felt like I wanted to get a facial.  I called Moonflower Spa and they were able to get me an appointment after work.  I get off the third floor elevator and immediately I am in a calm and serene reception area.  I barely waited 5 minutes when the facialist came out and led me to the private rooms. The room was pretty spacious for one person, with very clean and minimalist decorations.  I felt at ease right away. I had the signature facial, which is $75 dollars for 60 minutes with light extractions.  My facialist was gentle and caring but at the same time made sure that my skin was properly cleaned.  There is also a facial massage and a light shoulder and neck massage.  I left feeling refreshed, both body and skin. I'll definitely come back again.
I was in desperate need of a good deep tissue massage after an overdone workout left me with tight, strained muscles everywhere. Moonflower had great Yelp reviews and was able to see me right away. Chizuru came to the rescue! She's soft spoken and slender, but she will hurt you in all the right ways. Here's why you should see her: -She's a personal trainer -She's a trained dancer -She's a skilled masseuse And Chizuru has been doing all of the above for a very long time. Best 80 minutes of de-stress massage I've ever experienced. Well worth the $120. (You can also purchase 5 session packages at a discount.) I wasn't cured from all my muscle pain, but I felt an immmediate difference mid and post massage. I can't thank Moonflower and Chizuru enough. I'll definitely be back.
Best facial in the city! (and I have tried many many facials here). The first time I came here for a facial I was so impressed that I set another appt for the next month.. and the next month... and the next.. and so on.. Please keep in mind I'm an expert DIYer - i cut my own hair, do my own mani/pedi's, and sew my own curtains -- so wanting to regularly pay for these facials is a BIG DEAL. The facialist REALLY understood my face after scrutinizing it under a magnifying glass.  She also gave me a neck and upper back massage which is included and the extractions part was the most thorough I have ever experienced.  I have what appears to be 'great skin' (as I am told) but I counted over 150 extractions on my forehead alone! Ok that is gross, but a testament to her thorough work ethic. The spa is nicely appointed, very clean and VERY relaxing.  The price of a facial is on the low-end of the scale ( I would pay double for these facials if I had to!) and they will even DOWN-sell you if they feel you don't need as much treatment as you ordered. Also, there is NO cattle-call feel (ahem, badescu) and you know that she is not giving facials to 3 other people when she leaves your room during treatment. I have recommended 4 good friends to this spa for facials and will continue to do so in the future.
My friend introduced me to this place  years ago and I have been coming here  since. I don't know why I didn't yelp this earlier!   Japanese spa, small, clean, comfortable and unpretentious.  I have very sensitive skin and many times before at other spa's I break out more after a facial.  Finally I found this place that gives, in my opinion the best facials for people with sensitive skin.  They use all Dermalogica products which I love and their prices are very reasonable. The deep pore cleansing package (5x)  is about $425 plus tax which is about $85 plus tax per facial.  Not bad!  I'm now loving the C+C facial which makes my skin feel so refreshed and energized.   I hear extractions from other places can be painful and leaving the skin red for days, but I have never experienced that with Laila,  I often fall asleep during her extractions that is how skillful she is with her technique and she takes her time working around my entire face carefully. Everyone at Moonflower speaks softly, they open and close doors gently and try to make you feel as relaxed as possible.  Their rooms are clean and simple in decor and they have dim lighting and soothing music in the back ground.  They make me feel like I am the ONLY customer in the establishment even if many other rooms are being occupied and most importantly that I count  and not just another customer... I love this place!   FYI- They are closed on Tuesdays. Enjoy!
My boyfriend booked a 3-hour spa appointment for me here as a birthday present, and it was hands down the best spa experience I have ever had. He had done a lot of research, and chose Moonflower because it's a Japanese spa. I grew up in Japan, and although I have had a couple of spa treatments there, nothing compares to the pampering I got at Moonflower. Even though you're in the middle of NYC the atmosphere in Moonflower is completely tranquil. I have since recommended it to many friends, and I'm looking forward to returning again myself before too long.
Japanese attitude and hospitality never ceases to amaze me.  After my trip to Japan a year ago, I have vowed to always go Japanese whenever I can, and I'm so happy to have found Moonflower Spa. Not only are the prices reasonable, but the service is 5 stars. Moonflower Spa is located on the 3rd floor of what I like to call Little Tokyo in Midtown.  41st street has quite a number of Japanese retail stores; there is also a Japanese travel agency located here where I bought my JR Passes for my trip. You take a small elevator up and the door opens to a warm inviting space.  There is no loud voices, no loud music and soft muted colors.  I was asked to fill out a short form about myself prior to my facial and when Yuko came out to escort me to the room, I barely heard her come up to me! The room is quite small but you're not doing aerobics in there anyways; just lying down on the table to get pampered.  We spoke briefly about my skin and my concerns and she went to work, describing everything in a soft, low voice.  I chose the C & Sea Facial, which consisted of vitamin C and seaweed masks.  I also received a mini massage while the steam opened up my pores and Yuko was extremely gentle.  She asked if I'd like extractions done, to which I hesitated and she promised that at any sign of discomfort she'll gladly stop. I've had extractions done before and they have NEVER been this gentle EVER.  Yuko made me feel completely comfortable and it was then that I knew I would never get a facial anywhere else again. During checkout, I was standing behind someone else also checking out.  Yuko quickly told me that I could sit down to wait, and she brought the bill over to me.  I had a gift certificate, which they accepted with no issues. I left with two small samples and dewy, glowy skin. Thank you Moonflower and Yuko!  I will be back again.
I'm really glad I came here for my first facial experience. I wasn't sure how sensitive my face would be reacting to different chemicals, masks, and extractions so I had no problem paying full price. A small but clean and cozy waiting room greeted me with candles, cute flowers, and an adorable stone path leading to the massage rooms. The interior of the small private room was decorated with the likes of flowers and candles. I had originally booked a $95 90-minute Deep Core Cleansing Facial because I was going through a tough break-out period. When I got there, I told Yuko that it was my first facial which she took seriously into consideration. After she gently cleaned off my light makeup with some soft cream and examined my face, she actually suggested that I go for the basic $75 60-minute Moonflower Signature Facial (their basic one). She explained that most of my acne had cleared up and she would only need to do 5 minutes of extraction so I wouldn't need to spend the extra $20 for the deep cleansing facial. Plus, it was my first time and we weren't sure how my pain tolerance would be to the extraction. Imagine that! A business owner suggesting that a cheaper service would actually benefit me more. From that point on, I faithfully put my face in Yuko's soft gentle hands. During the 60-minute facial, there was gentle scrubbing, various masks (clay and a moisture one), extraction of white heads and black heads, head massage, and neck/shoulder massage. Yuko explained the steps of what she was doing and considerately asked if I was OK during the extraction. The extraction was not as painful as I had imagined! I almost dozed off a few times during the masks' "setting" times. How could I not, on the soft massage table listening to the calming ambiance music? I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a great facial experience. I think i'm spoiled because now I don't know how I would be able to go to another spot!
Loved this place. The atmosphere is soo relaxing, and I love that they were playing some sort of Alpine music that made me feel as though I were in Switzerland (also a very relaxing place to be). I had the Glow Facial for $75 with Mami, who was extremely informative. Her extractions were thorough and incredibly gentle. Loved the cleanliness of this place, and how friendly everyone was. Will definitely be back.
I had a bad experience here.  I called ahead, asked a few questions, trekked from Brooklyn only to be told they couldn't perform I believe it was microdermabrasion on my skin because I was dark skinned.  I thought I was mishearing the woman.  She had a thick accent so I asked her again.  I had failed to answer a bunch of questions correctly and they couldn't do the treatment.  I was so angry.  She tried to so a substitute procedure but I felt weirded out by the experience. I think something was lost in translation, but it definitely made me research more thoroughly what spas are competent to do work on darker skin.
4.5! This cold weather has wreaked havoc on my face so I turned to yelp to find a place for a facial. Yelp didn't steer me wrong! When I arrived they were jackhammering out on 41st and I was worried that was all I'd hear the whole time, but luckily they led me back to the treatment room and away from that noise! Yuko did my facial. She was nice and she told me each step as she was doing it, but other than that she didn't talk and just let me relax. I got the signature facial and she did perform extractions. She asked if I wanted to add on a hydrating mask, since my skin was dry, but I declined and she didn't pressure me. She also gave me some sample products to take home and try. Great value for the price, I would definitely go back or recommend this to friends. If you are looking for the spa experience with relaxation rooms and spa showers, this isn't the place- but if you're looking for a good facial at a good price then I'd come here!
Really great-priced facials. I once had a bad facial years ago so was afraid to get them until now. My skin looked/felt great afterwards. Decor was nice and clean, will def go back again soon.
This was the first facial I've ever received, so I have absolutely no points of reference. The spa itself was nice, modest and calming, with nice oriental/bird music playing in each of the private rooms. Yuko was very nice, informative and gave really nice head and neck massages. She also applied over a dozen types of cream onto my face...it got old after about the 3rd cream she promised would "moisturize", "revitalize", "smooth", etc. my skin but I was paying ~75 dollars so I let the lady smear my money's worth onto my face. She also did a good job with my blackheads (noticeable difference after, but nothing remarkable). Overall, while I think the quality of the facials they deliver are pretty good, it jst hit me afterwards that I really don't enjoy facials to begin with. I don't have any visible skin problems and my skin feels best when it's undressed in oils and creams. My face actually felt really gross after I left the spa - I hate that heavy oily feeling - and was doing my best to try to get it all off without seeming unappreciative. Wouldn't come back, but not because of the quality of the service. Tips: You need to get appointments about 2-3 weeks in advance.
Just got Glow Facial with Laira.   It was a GREAT experience!!  I loved the outcome.   At the end of the treatment, Laira gave me a mirror, and I was so happy about what I saw.  My face was totally glowing!!! I found this place on Yelp, liked the review and gave it a try. As soon as I entered the salon, I was captured by its cleanliness and neatness.  And the decoration is pretty. Laira first cleansed my face and checked my skin, and recommended their weekday early bird special Glow Facial (75min, $75), over deep pore cleansing facial (90mins, $90) that I had have the appointment with.  She said Glow Facial is enough for my skin.  Such honest business they run!  I was really impressed. So I had Glow Facial, which included enzyme peel, thorough extraction and massages.   It  felt so well I fell asleep halfway the treatment. When the treatment is done, Laira gave me some Dermalogica samples, but never mentioned my buying their products.  This is also a big plus, after having been to so many spas that were so pushy. And oh, their pricing is also very reasonable. I'll definitely go back, and I'll recommend this place to anyone who is looking for the best facial experience in NYC. Update (March 2012): I first wrote this review in September 2011.  Now it is my monthly routine to have a facial treatment in the spa.  Since my 3rd visit, Mami has been treating me, and she's great!  Love, love, love this place!
I'm a facials veteran.  After moving to NY four years ago I had yet to find a place that I loved.  Based on Yelpers' reviews I decided to give Moonflower a shot about a week ago.  I waited to review because I wanted to see how my skin responded.  By no means do I have sensitive skin and I am particularly oily in the summer and prone to breakouts along the hairline so I told Yuko to go to town on the extractions.  I think the Yelpers who complained about a lack of extractions need to tell their esthetician that they can handle it.  This is a spa that focuses on the relaxation experience and I think they operate under the assumption that some people are against heavy extractions. That being said, extractions are always a little unpleasant but I've got a high pain threshold, still, Yuko was as gentle as possible as I have some very deep clogged pores from months of travelling.  The massage during the steam was fantastic, but like another Yelper there was so much time when masking that maybe that would've been a good time to do an arm massage or a hand massage (or at other spas I've been to, a foot massage). I had a peel and a masque done so I had a good 30 hr total of sleepy time. What's the verdict?  It's been ten days and my skin is looking good.  I had a few small initial breakouts but they were gone in a day or two and were to be expected the way my skin had been when I came in.  I will definitely be back and will definitely book with Yuko!  Also, I did the Weekday special $75 for a Glow Facial (75 mins!).
Of all the places I have gotten facials done at, and continue to try, in the city, Moonflower Spa remains THE best. Yuko is an amazing facialist and does a fantastic job. They use really good products that definitely have a lasting impact on my skin. I've gotten the deep pore cleansing facial and signature facial and both were really great. You come out of the deep pore cleansing facial as you would expect (with redness) but they really do a great job of extractiing as much as they can without being to rough on your skin. Seriously, amazing spa to get a facial. The staff are ridiculously polite and the facialists are so skilled you can't walk out without anything BUT amazing skin.
Can't believe I never wrote my review here! Awesome service! The best facial one could have! Extremely polite staffs and they don't try to sell you stuffs and they give you free samples!! Quiet and relaxing place Awesome, will be back again
Like Reyna I went for the 75-minute deep pore facial. My esthetician was Chio and she was absolutely great. She diagnosed my skin perfectly and tailored the facial to my exact skin type. I love that they use Dermalogica products; they're my favourite. The facial was very comfortable and I definitely felt very relaxed, even during the extractions. After we were finished, Chio gave me tips on what I should to to my skin to prevent dryness. She didn't push any products but suggested certain things I could use. I did end up buying a toner simply because I loved it when she used it. Five stars.
After the researching and reading tons of yelp reviews on Day Spas in NYC.  I decided to make an apt for my boyfriend & I for a nice Spa Day. I was definitely surprised by the quaint and cute atmosphere of this spa.  My boyfriend and I was a little surprised when we walked out of the tiny/dingy elevator -  it was a complete transformation & felt like we were in a whole different city away from the hustle and bustle of New York.  They had a nice reception area -  very serene and a lot of soothing candles;  totally sets up the mood for a relaxing spa treatment. I made an apt for the signature facial.  The treatment was done in a private room - so no lockers and stuff.  Everything about the facial was relaxing.  I don't think the signature facial included extractions but I asked if she could do a little and she did.  She did an awesome job with the steam so it wasn't painful at all.  I fell asleep a couple of times and after we were done I immediately could feel the difference in my skin.  My skin was super soft & I liked how they use Dermologica. My boyfriend enjoyed his gentlemen's facial and massage.  We would definitely go back to this spa!
I wonder if they'd let me pay $10 to just sit in their waiting room for an hour? Beautiful, unexpectedly serene given the location, and welcoming staff. My back was killing me between the hotel bed and the flight, and I broke down and got a deep tissue massage. I always ask for deep tissue because most places I've been aren't deep enough - this tiny woman (I didn't get her name- I will call her my Angel) gave me one of the strongest, best massages I've ever had. I loved it and it let me run for the rest of the week in Central Park (which is my favorite thing to do in NYC, hands down).
Amazing! Misa is such a sweetheart... shes gentle and thorough... This is the 2nd facial I got ever.. and my first was far from nice. Moonflower spa was recommended to me by a friend and I was not in the least bit disappointed. Like many others, it was Spa week that brought me in last week... and WOW!! The place is upstairs hidden away around the corner from the NY Public library... you enter probably the smallest elevator imaginable... but when you get up there, the spa is cute, charming and inviting. Very clean, and not too fancy. Everyone is super nice and accommodating. You have your own little private room where it is nice and quiet and you can really relax. I had the deep pore facial and it was amazing... And I left without my face looking like a nightmare (like the first place I went...) Misa gave a great evaluation and great tips for my skin! And she didnt push any products on me, which I really appreciated! I definitely think I'll be going back!! ^_^
Sigh, I'm sad that I no longer live in ny because this place is the best, ever. I never thought my skin could look so amazing but magic happens here. I'd do anything to get the same glow again. The prices are fair and you get top of the line spa products during the treatment.
Relaxing environment with low lighting and soft music. I had a deep pore cleansing facial here last year and it was great. The extraction was a bit painful for me and I think it was done by hand instead of metal tools. There was a lot of redness after but I expected that from any facial because I'm super pale. The massage was ok but short-lived and slightly on the weak end. I felt that there was a lot of alone time when they could have thrown in massage time or maybe a short convo. Masks were cooling and felt great on my skin but didn't seem like anything special in particular. I did feel refreshed after and my face was quite clear for a week. Extractions were a bit painful for me here but I think it did get the job done. The facial was great but I think I will only come back once in awhile because I'm a huge fan of good massages as an added bonus to my facials.
Yuko and Mami :) Been here a handful of times, great place! It's a little on the pricey side but it's very quiet and everyone is extremely nice. For their packages, they split up the cost usually to two payments (ex: with a 5 package deal, you pay the 1st time, and the 3rd time). Unfortunately the packages don't accept Spa Finder certificates, and can only be used for individual sessions. The entrance is next  to Subways. There's a buzzer to press. The elevator up is also very very small. I also suggest a visit to Zaiya and Sunrise afterwards for snacks :)
Maybe it is the hype.  When I went in, I kind of have expectations. When I walked out, I really didn't think this place is something to write home about. I had their signature facial and microderm.  Now, being a microderm regular myself, I can honestly say Moonflower's microderm is not something worth the price. It is a one-pass only treatment which I don't think is strong enough.  But if you are a facial regular and looking for a place not is not going to hollow your wallet, the signature facial is a pretty good choice. Plus, they don''t push products, and they do give you samples.
I've been here 5 times now, and the first 4 times were great. The first thing I got was the deep pore facial with Yuko, and afterward my skin looked AMAZING. True, extractions were a bit painful, but when are they not? She then recommended I do microdermabrasion for my next few treatments to make my skin more even, so I bought a package of 5. The first couple of times I got the dermabrasion done with Yuko and, again, wonderful. I also had Misa once and she was great too. In fact, I think she is even more gentle than Yuko, so I would request her if you are sensitive. However, I just went yesterday and had a new aesthetician. Unfortuantely, I'm not sure of her name, but she was WAY too harsh. I've gotten many a facial and experienced many a painful extraction, but during her extractions I literally felt like my face was being ripped off. I'm not sure if it was her technique or her nails digging into my skin, but after she had done half of my face, it got so painful that I had to tell her to stop. Today, my face looks gross, and I'm pretty much embarrassed to go in public. So moral of this story: definitely go to Moonflower Spa, but stick to Yuko or Misa.
had the best facial experience here. Japanese customer service is so impeccable, careful, and attentive - i love it. They take notes on what works well/doesnt work well with your skin, what products you've bought/use, and perform the facial catered to your skin's needs.
I came here for Spa Week and had an amazing experience. Like several of the other reviewers, I opted for the 75 minute deep pore facial and it was FANTASTIC! This place is a hidden oasis. Once you get off the buildings death trap elevator, it's like you're in a completely different world. The spa feels very spacious and has a wonderfully relaxing vibe. My esthetician was Misa and she could not have been better. My face was soft for days and my skin has never looked better! Since I'm always one to save a buck, I'm sure there will be a few "sick" days in my future that will allow me to partake in their discounted specials Monday-Friday 11AM - 2:30PM.
After reading all the rave reviews, I called Moonflower Spa to make an appointment. I got the voicemail, and left a message with my name, phone number and the service I wanted to book.  I spoke slowly and repeated my phone number just to make sure. That was Monday. Today is Thursday and I have not gotten a call back to date. If this is any indication of the type of service they provide, I don't think any number of rave Yelp reviews will make me want to spend my time or money at this spa. Moonflower Spa, it's such a shame. I was looking forward to getting a facial but you've failed me.
Yuko was amazing! the place was cute, clean and all of the ladies who work there are so friendly and nice.  There are so many cute little japanese hidden gems around that area too.  Great Japanese market and bakery next door.   This place was great!
Just got a facial at Moonflower with Yuko because she was recommended by so any on here. The spa was very serene and relaxing. Very clean and honestly the only facial I've ever gotten where I was genuinely relaxed. Yuko did an amazing job on extractions, my face is still (over 24 hours later) feels very clean and refreshed. I have no red marks from them even though she used a needle. It was honestly so relaxing I almost fell asleep, I caught myself nodding off a few times. The relaxing music in the background and amazing comfortable spa bed made the experience even better. I would definitely recommend Moonflower spa & I plan on returning one day soon.
I had an amazing experience at Moonflower Spa over the weekend! Despite it being located on the 3rd floor of a midtown building, the moment I stepped outside, I was greeted by a beautiful, clean and friendly day spa with a warm, welcoming staff. My deep cleansing facial was positively perfect. I was debating between this one or a ultra hydrating facial, but I was able to receive the deep cleansing with an extra hydrating mask. The best of both worlds. Spa Week did bring me here, but the service and quality will bring me back again.
my FACE. feels FANTASTIC. i booked a 90 min deep cleansing facial with yuko after a year of hell, no time to properly care for myself, and a TON of clogged pores. I never felt entirely clean after washing my face but after my facial i finally feel CLEAN. the facial is quite nice, a multitude of masks, head/neck massage, warm steam and an extraction. it's not too painful and my skin was only a little red with some tiny marks for a few days. i can literally see the difference in pore size and skin clarity after the facial! i can't stress enough how much better i feel after the facial. the spa itself is very relaxing. quiet. spa music. pebbles and wood all over the ground. dim lighting. etc. i will be back - next time for their "specials" that are at a reduced price M-F until 2:30PM. Be aware that it can be difficult to book appointments and you may need to book at least a week in advance. (which is why i ended up with the 90 min facial instead of the special facial + massage combo i originally wanted) nevertheless, my facial was completely worth it and i will be back!
SUPER nice women work there. Its in a small building with no real sign and you go up to the 3rd floor and walk directly into the SPA. I got a consultation where they were very helpful and asked me about all my preferences. They then gave me samples when I asked about products. I liked them since they by no means ever told me what brand or pushed a product at me. It was the opposite where Id ask them and they would recommend products but not brands so much. The rooms and bathroom were super clean. Its very calming in general. Perhaps too much fragrance in the lobby area? The other customers there who I've seen/spoken to love the place and book out months at a time. If you want to go there for free consultation then def book ahead of hand since they are busy! I got the Glow facial and then booked one for oct on a friday to get the special. Fridays during the mornings they have specials. The extrations were great. They didn't hurt and I was red for a minimal amount of time. For me I don't care what they aslong it makes my skin better. Great place....
I had the Glow Facial with Laila.  The spa had a spacious waiting area, but the treatment room was a bit on the small side.  Laila was very nice and gentle throughout the whole process.  She asked me if it was my first time receiving an extraction, and I told her no and asked her to go to town with the extraction.  She also warned me some redness may occurred after the extraction.  The extraction was done by hands, not by the metal tools I'm used to.  Since she used the enzyme peel before the extraction, she didn't seem to need too much force to get the "stuff" out of my pores.  At one point of the extraction, she did ask me if she could use a needle for some of the deeper pimples, and I said yes.  She was so gentle that I could hardly feel it.  After the facial, my face was glowing and smooth with very minimum redness from the gentle extraction.  She gave me a few samples afterwards, but there was zero pushing of selling the products.   I agreed with some yelpers here that it shouldn't cost so much for someone to just smear some creams and masks on you.  However, I go get facials mainly for the extraction, which is hard to do by yourself because 1. you probably won't get everything out of the pimples cleanly by yourself, and 2. you may end up with nasty infection and/or scars and enlarged pores due to poor after care.  This is why I pay a professional to do it for me, and it's money well-spent at this spa.
This place is a gem - professional, super clean. I have had many facials before, this one stood out.
I called to make an appointment and told them I would be using a spafinder gift card, they said that would be fine, but that it would be later in the day (around 3 or 4). The lady explained that they just had to check time and that she would call me right back. Five minutes passed. Ten minutes passed. Fifteen minutes, and I decided to give them a call back. All of a sudden they had no appointments left, and she apologized profusely. Something tells me she talked to her manager and was told to simply not call back, because I was using a spafinder gift card. Very professional to advertise that you take the gift cards, and then simply do not call back.  I hope people do not make appointments here, since this cannot bode well for the rest of their services.
I came here once and it was a fantastic experience. I wanted the deep pore cleansing facial ($95) but after Yuko analyzed my skin, she told me that their afternoon special glow facial ($75) would be enough, since I just needed extractions around my t zone, and not all over my face (I mainly get blackheads on my nose). The fact that she suggested a less expensive facial shows the honesty here. I felt like she was really trying to customize everything to the needs of my skin. Overall, very relaxing. Private rooms are clean and comfortable. The massage felt very nice. And everyone there is so polite, it really reminds me of the hospitality in Japan when I vacationed there last summer. My skin was glowing, felt more balanced, and looked very refreshed when I left. And they gave me free samples. I wish I could come here regularly (you are supposed to get a facial once a month to maintain), but being a recent grad working two part time jobs, I may only be able to afford to come back maybe once every couple months. I know when winter comes, I will definitely be back when I need some exfoliating. If you can, try to get the special prices Mon - Fri 11am - 2:30pm. You will get a really good value.
Love, love, love!  It's like how sometimes with relationships and people you don't realize how wonderful someone is until you meet a real jerk, only after experiencing other spas have I realized how wonderful Moonflower is!   I'm normally quite happy with my skin but I like to receive extractions for my nose.  My facialist was incredibly gentle, the massage was heavenly, and my pores were so much smaller!  And by some magic she got ride of the tiny bumps on my forehead that even my doctors couldn't do anything about.  And my skin looked SO pretty.  I went without tinted moisturized for about a week...and then I stayed up too late several nights in a row and had to even out the resulting dullness.  My fault. Of course, now my skin is completely awful due to an awful facial from another place, but as soon as it's healed I'm coming back!
As a loyal customer for the past 6 months, going in for a facial at MoonFlower always feels like a treat. The environment is clean, relaxing, and the facialists don't talk much which I like because when you have stuff on your face you don't want to yap that serum into your mouth. The first time I went in for my deep pore cleansing facial I was really blown away. Mami's face massage was skilled and steady, and her extractions were the least painful of all the facials I've ever gotten, and I've tried quite a few places, mostly asian. I did not break out afterwards and my skin was glowing for days. In my third month I decided to buy a package of five microdermabrasions. I have many small rolling acne scars on my face, and while the micodermabrasion did not change my life, it did improve the overall complexion and some hyperpigmentation. If you have a lot of acne scars and combination skin like me I would still recommend sticking to the deep pore cleansing facial, it is much more worth it. I think microdermabrasions in general do show some improvement but I would recommend getting this performed elsewhere ( like mezzanine spa) :)
Edit - I am updating this review because after speaking to Yuko about my experience, she did offer a refund.  The facial was what it was, but at least they are fair in their policies.   ********************************************** So disappointed by this place and also by how off the Yelp reviews are.  Usually I trust my fellow Yelpers, but this time was led astray. While the spa itself was calm and relaxing, the facial was mediocre (at best)- I had Yuko, the owner.  She did ZERO extractions because she felt that "it would hurt me too much."  When I told her I could handle it, she poked me a few times and then said she could keep going "if I upgraded to the deep pore facial."   The rest of it was so unremarkable it's not even worth mentioning - she rubbed several products on my face (trust me, I could do a better job at home), and left the room for 10 min each time. If you've never gotten a facial before, you may be fooled by the atmosphere and think you are getting a good service just because of all the products she slathers on you.  If you've had great facials in the past (that actually leave a positive, noticeable change in your skin) you will know how mediocre it is.   A GOOD facial should leave your skin: feeling cleaner, smoother, thoroughly extracted pimples, blackheads, milia, etc, moisturized (dewy but not oily), and glowing.
real nice spa experience found in midtown.  went with my mom; she was thrilled and i must say very professional and clean overall. Yuko was kind and warm and the place is right next to the subway which makes for a better journey. i would send my friends here with no hesitation.
Absolutely wonderful experience from the moment I exited the elevator until I paid for the facial. Mami was an absolute delight, making sure to quietly let me know what she was doing during every step of the facial - the creams she was applying, the massage technique, the extractions. The quiet music in the background made me feel like I was on an island retreat rather than in a bustling city with high stress. I would recommend this spa to anyone and everyone - affordable and wonderful!
I love getting massages here. It's clean, reasonably priced, and every skillful lady I've had has given me an incredible massage. Petite Japanese women who aren't afraid to hurt me, yay! They also use a hot towel to wipe away the oil after they work on each part so you're not left with a film of grease. Plus it's located next to tons of Japanese restaurants and markets!
I walked out of my facial and I was a little like "eh." My face felt sticky. 2-3 days later I noticed my skin is smooth and looking good. Must be the facial because it's definitely not all the chocolates I'm eating. Yuko is good. At least a 2 week wait to get an appointment with her. She did leave the room for at least 10 minutes. Extractions were good but nothing great. She didn't go deep deep and only did it for 10 min (which she told me in advance). They are very nice. It's a fairly small place but setup/decorated nicely. They don't push products and Yuko gave me samples. Would I go back? I would definitely consider it but I'm not sure. I liked the result after a few days but I was not wow'ed out. There are so many facials to be had in the city -- especially if you check lifebooker -- that I would probably try other places first before going back there.
Best facial I've had-almost as good as the one at Bohdi in Beijing. I almost hyperventilated when BoltBus decided to cancel its bus service to NYC on 2/11 which would have meant missing my appointment on 2/12 but thank God Chinatown busses run even if the apocalypse came to town. Really...I should have been more bummed about potentially missing out on spending time with my bf, but deep down I have to confess, my freak-out session had more to do with not being able to get my facial here than it had to do with my bf. The facials are relaxing (great massage!), good value, thorough, and relatively painless (if you've been getting facials, you know that the pain factor can vary tremendously!). I go to Moonflower knowing that I'll get my private room, attentive Japanese service, and a soothing atmosphere. I love this place because I walk out feeling like I can face the day (or at least the next few hours). My skin looks good afterwards and I generally have a spring in my step because something psychological goes on in my head after I take care of myself in a place that is conducive to relaxing. Please move to Boston so I don't have anymore heart attacks...
I received a gift certificate for Christmas and chose to use it here on a shiatsu massage.  Several years ago, I developed tendonitis of the psoas and a pinched femoral nerve and had weeks of physical therapy which got me back to 98%.  I mentioned this when the masseuse, Kaori, asked if I had any particular aches and pains.  She did a fabulous massage and paid special attention to the aforesaid problem.  When I got up, I was amazed that, not only had I enjoyed a fabulous massage, but also it is the first time in 3 years that I have felt 100%.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend her.  The spa is lovely, clean and calming.
Ended up booking a swedish massage here right before christmas and am so happy I did!!! Chizuru was my masseuse and she did a fantastic job. Just the right amount of pressure and she was so mild mannered you just wanted to give her a squeeze. Also don't be deceived once you walk out of the elevator and are buzzed in,  it's totally worth it! The waiting room is like a posh living room and so relaxing! And it's a stone's throw  from grand central which makes it super convenient. I think I have found my new place!!!!!!!
It is my second time visiting this place.  im very amaze by the outstanding customer service,  and the  treatment and knowledge especially from YUKO.  I did a facial with her for the first time  and I was impressed. She is very nice, delicate and charming. My face was increidible clean after the facial. I will highly recommend YUKO. :)
My skin has been pretty problem-free throughout my teens and twenties, so I never bothered with facials.  It might be psychological, but soon after I turned 30 I felt my skin was duller, more blemish-prone, and growing fine lines.  Time for my first facial.  After doing some research I decided on Moonflower because a) the price was right b) positive Yelp reviews c) their website design spoke to me and d) I found that I would trust only a Japanese place with my skin.   I think I made a great choice.  You go up a tiny elevator into a tiny vestibule but after the door to the spa opens you are in a different city.  The place is small but serene.  Staff was friendly; there was no wait after I filled out my intake form.  The rooms are small but all you really need is the table and a place to put your clothes.  Yuko explained everything she did and checked in often to see if I was comfortable.  My eyes were closed for most of the time, so this was really important.    Her tone of voice and massage was so relaxing and the facial was really gentle.  I appreciate that no one overtly tried to sell me any products.  Yuko didn't even name the brand, just described the purpose.  Selling was all done indirectly - a product display case at reception & free samples with your bill.  I can't tell yet whether the facial itself made any difference in my skin, but I think the experience was five stars. The only thing I think I'd do next time is ask if she could use a lotion with SPF to finish.  She generously applied whatever she did put on; my face was definitely "dewy" when I was done.  I felt clean but exposed as I walked out to 42nd St in the the blazing sun & pollution.
So, it's official... I've signed up for the facial package and (maybe for the first time in nyc), I am now a regular at a spa.  Each facial is just as good as the first one; my skin and I could not be any happier!
This review is long overdue. I discovered Moonflower Spa during Spa Week about 4 years ago.  After several spa misses, Moonflower has provided me w/ a much-needed oasis in the hustle and bustle of NYC, and each visit is a highly  anticipated treat. My esthetician, Yuko Funaki (also the owner of the spa), is very welcoming, attentive, & knowledgeable in her field.  Her tranquil and friendly nature will put anyone at ease. I was a bit reluctant to try the microdermabrasion treatment as I thought it would be too harsh on my skin.  She convinced to try the treatment to correct my blotchy winter skin as opposed to the usual deep-pore/signature facial. Not only was the treatment comfortable, the results were remarkable! My skin was clear, rejuvinated, and glowing (the kind that makes you excited to go make-up free for days!). I highly recommend the treatment.  Let's face it extractions are a necessary evil in any proper skin treatment; I had several and was convinced my face was going to look like a boulder afterwards--I was pleasantly surprised that the extractions had left no temporary marks or bruising as had been my experience w/ other spas. Feel free to seek skincare advice from the staff or try any of the other Asian inspired treatments. Bottomline:  Experience is always close to perfect.  Why go to any other spa?  ^_^ (scale of 1-5) cleanliness: 4 service: 5 results: 5 relaxed & tranquil environment: 4 prices:  3
It's been ten days since the facial and I've to say that I'm liking my skin a lot more! I bumped up my intial assessment from 3 to 4 stars. Maybe b/c I am used to the painful-as-hell extractions from Sai Kay and I was thinking no pain, no gain...but from the looks of my skin, which I think is better, a lot better...I recommend it a lot. Yuko lives up to her reputation! Though I still have many many acne scars, I think they've lightened up and I don't have any bumpy acne which was what I walked in with.
Had a very decent massage here. Very sweet employees - great hospitality. Atmosphere is very serene. The rooms can be a bit chilly (the tables are not heated), which distracted a bit from my massage, but the therapist did provide me with an extra blanket, which helped. I definitely enjoyed the experience overall!
I went for Spa Week and got the 75-minute deep pore facial, and it was fantastic.  Very relaxing- I fell asleep a couple of times.  Misato was my esthetician and she was very good.  Very nice head, neck, shoulder, chest massage.  My face was so soft afterwards, longlasting soft.  She got a lot of the blackheads out, a little painful, but a pretty good job.  Maybe could've been better.  Moonflower is definitely a hidden gem.
Randomly picked this place for spa week after reading the rave reviews.  I had the spa week special, the Swedish massage.  Although, I did want the deep pore facial, but was told it was completely booked for the week... definitely going to try that next time around.  I booked the appointment the day before and was gracefully squeezed in.  Very kind and gentle staff.  Great environment, very clean.  The massage was much better than other spa week experiences I've had in the past.  I would go again, maybe even at full price!
My husband and I went here today for twin massage and facial treatments thanks to you awesome Yelpers! We took advantage of their special (which runs during the week until 2:30pm) and got those treatments for $120 each! It was worth every penny, especially after 4 hours of travel. I had the massage first (excellent) and spent the hour facial in a blissful nirvana-like semi-consciousness. The women who worked there were sweet and very gracious, always attentive to our needs. I plan to tell everyone I know who lives in or visits New York about this place. A gem!!!
This is a wonderful spa with great pricing.  I've tried both the anti-aging facial and the 1 hour massage and was exceptionally pleased with both.  The employees are polite and professional.  During the facial the technician will let you know every step of what she will be doing so you will be at complete ease.  The service is top notch and they seem to really appreciate your business.
The place is very clean and quiet which it should be. I really love it.
Thank you Yelp for helping me find my haven!   This was my very first time at this spa, I decided to go here for a facial after reading all the good reviews on Yelp.  My facial was done by Yuko, and my skin was glowing afterwards, even after the extractions.  I came in for the deep pore cleansing facial ($95 for 90 mins), but I told Yuko that i didn't want too many extractions because I was afraid my face would be red afterwards (from prior extraction experiences at other spas), she then suggested the weekday afternoon special to me ($75 for 75 mins) because she would not need the extra time since I wanted less extractions.  She suggested the cheaper / more reasonable service based on what i wanted! Now that is professionalism! Unlike other spas that i've experience where they try to push all these extra services on you.   Yuko was gentle and thorough, and the place was very clean and relaxing decor.  I had a few questions about certain products for my skin concerns and she suggested and gave me a few samples of the products she recommends.   I loved this place and immediately booked my next appt.
They are the best! I have never felt so welcomed, and the whole staff is extremely warm and friendly. I got a microderbasion facial and it was really good. They are so good that they are always fully booked. So call ahead and make and appointment.Highly recommend it.. you'll enjoy it!
I had my first facial here yesterday, so I really have anything to compare to, but I definitely got a good facial. I got the deep pore-cleaning facial thanks to the overwhelming recommendations on yelp. It was cozy and comfy and the girl was nice, though a bit timid. The extractions were mostly around my nose and acne spots, which were good and thorough, but I thought there should have been more on my forehead. They gave me some samples afterwards, which was cool, and now my face is noticeably clearer and smoother. I'm getting lots of compliments! If a smooth face isn't a mark of a good facial idk what is.
I came here for my first facial ever and had a great experience. The place is quiet and calm, which was refreshing from coming off the streets of the noisy city. The girl who cleaned my face was very nice and considerate. The building is clean, clean bathroom. The hallways have this cool little rock pathway. Will definitely go back there for my next.
Hands down best facial ever. I've had facials everywhere and have lived in the city for 8 yrs. - the glow facial with Yuko doesn't compare. Highly recommend.
I had a great experience at Moonflower Spa!   I had booked an appointment for spa week for the deep pore cleansing facial and it was amazing!  When I left the spa I felt like I had just gone on a mini-vacation, I was so relaxed.  The results themselves cannot compare to anything else I have experienced - my face felt so soft and was shining.   My esthetician was Haruka, and she did a fantastic job.  She was very knowledgeable and friendly.  Her demeanor alone made me feel relaxed.   I highly recommend this spa!
This place is everything a spa should be. Clean, elegant, professional, relaxing. For Christmas my boyfriend bought me a gift certificate for the Swedish Massage and the basic facial. Both were amazing services and I would definitely go back again. I am very picky when it comes to spa treatments because I have had some bad experiences. I am always extremely wary of trying a new place. Cleanliness is #1 for me and Moonflower Spa was VERY clean. The front desk personnel is extremely courteous and accommodating. The young ladies who performed the facial and the massage were professional and I trusted them very much. I HIGHLY recommend this place for your next spa service. You can truly relax in this beautifully decorated spa knowing that you can completely trust the professionals. I will absolutely be coming here again.
After taking Yuko's advice of coming to see her every 2-3 weeks to clear up my skin, I see a HUGE improvement. Even the guys in my life have commented on how "clean" and "glowing" my skin looks after going to see Yuko for gentle extractions (I fell asleep once during her extractions), and enzyme peels. Beautiful spa with some of the best prices in the city!
I am a regular at the spa - Yoko is a very talented and has magic like skill when it comes to extraction.  I usually get the glow facial if I am lucky enough to book for the specials they offer, or i get the deep pore cleansing facial. Very comforting environment and is worth the price.
This place is great, I have been looking for a spa for a deep cleansing facial and after I read the reviews here I decided to check this place out. I was pleasantly surprise for the price the facial was excellent I had a lot of blackheads & whiteheads after this facial they were all gone the extractions were not painful and the staff was very courteous and pleasant. Believe what you hear it's true this place is a great facial spot!!!! It's also very clean and peaceful.
I have a package for deep pore facial here and it is one of the most relaxing treatments I grant myself every month or so.   I'll be honest, I'm not positive how much better my skin winds up after a facial (in fact, its usually a bit red in certain spots because they do extractions here), but the actual process of the facial is so incredibly relaxing and gentle feeling.  I definitely have the overall feeling of starting over fresh after a facial. About the extractions, they will remove blackheads/whiteheads and sometimes ever so slightly pierce your skin with a lance to do so, but a necessary even for those stubborn spots you can't get to yourself. The only reason my rating isn't higher is because I had an incident where there were red marks left on my skin from extractions for some weeks.  After that incident, I asked that my aestetician be more gentle and not to force when there's a stubborn spot.  Other than that, it's got a great calming atmosphere that you will surely drift away in.
This place is a little piece of heaven. I visited Moonflower Spa for the first time - was recommended to check it out by a friend, and by fellow yelpers. So I did! Their service totally exceeded my expectations.I feel so spoilt - got totally loved on. I had the mini facial, and a swedish massage. Absolutely bliss. All for $110. Will definitely be returning for some more of that....:)
I got a deep pore facial, it was amazing, I noticed a difference in my skin within a couple of days.  I've been back 3 times already, I have frequent breakouts, if I could, I would go every two weeks.  Its a bit hard to get an appointment, but its worth the wait.
What a nice experience..very calm environment. Unfortunately the date of my appointment I had an allergic reaction prior to the appointment (which was a facial and massage). My body was extremely itchy but by the time the facial started, all calmed down. That says something! Very calming, very relaxing. They were not able to do the full body massage, as the massage increases circulation and they didn't want to make my itching worse. What was nice, is that they worked around my situation. The massage was for 30 miinutes and was fantastic, concentrating on upper body and feet! They don't try to upsell products but instead gave me a sample of eye cream and told me how to use it. My sister had the anti-aging facial. She has had many facials all over the world, but this one was the best she ever had. I will definitely go back next time I am in need of pure relaxation!
First facial living in NYC, I scheduled a deep cleansing facial here on a Monday afternoon, that morning!  The reviews here on Yelp were great, so I thought I would give it a try.  They were booked, but offered a call back because the receptionist was going to try to work me in.  She called back and fit me in!  Any receptionist who goes out of their way to help a Client, clearly knows what they're doing!  My Esthetician was prompt, friendly & professional.  The environment was clean, quite, and serene.  The quality of the facial was top notch.  I was in the spa for about 2 hours from check-in to check-out, and have to say, this is the first facial out of many that I have actually fallen asleep I was so relaxed.  The only negative thing worth mentioning is that if you expect a top notch, strong neck/shoulder/hand massage with your facial, you're probably not going to get it here.  I was slightly disappointed with the brief & light neck/shoulder massage, but  I was there for a facial.  It would have been great, but instead I took a snooze while I masked!  They use Dermalogica products which I know & love.  Walked out with a trial kit & samples.  I work in the Beauty Industry myself, and have highly recommended this spa to my friends & clients.  Very pleasant experience, thank you Moonflower Staff!
After realizing it had been a year since my last facial, I booked an appointment for the deep pore cleansing facial ($95). I though the waiting area was pretty and the receptionist was really sweet but the massage was just average. My facialist was really nice and definitely took care of my skin but I didn't like that she left the room for 15 minutes during the mask portion of the facial. I'm used to the facialist staying and maybe giving a light shoulder massage to pass the time. Also, my facial started a little over 10 minutes past my appointment and when I checked my phone after the session I noticed we had ended 5 minutes earlier than what was scheduled so the 90 minute facial turned into a 75 minute one. I was still really happy with how my skin felt afterward but will definitely be looking for another spa to try out for my next facial.
I have had two facials at Moonflower Spa so far (Moonflower Signature & Deep Pore Cleansing) and both have been very good.  The ambience is hushed and helps to create a feeling of relaxation as soon as you enter the space.  My most recent facial was with Mami and she did an excellent job of performing the extractions with minimal pain (there was a little redness afterwards but that is to be expected).  The staff is always very polite and friendly and they do a great job and I would definitely recommend them, especially anyone new to facials.
This spa is a haven that very few know about located in the heart of Japan Town in NYC. The owner Yuko Funaki and her dedicated staff are golden! They're available 7 days a week and are always courteous, attentive, warm and gracious. Moonflower Spa is truly a great discovery!
It was a terrible weekend to go to NYC, the rain would not cease and we did not want to be outside. After the early AM bus ride up, I wanted to be pampered, so I chose Moonflower to receive my first facial. The staff was friendly and informed me about how to take care of my skin, providing some samples and making sure I was comfortable with every treatment she used. We chatted some, but there was time to enjoy the moment and listen to soothing music as my skin tingled. The neck and shoulder massage was exactly what I wanted and if every facial comes with it, I'm in! When the esthetician, Nao, said I didn't need extractions I was disappointed and relieved at the same time because it seems to eliminate lots of impurities that way, but like a virgin, I didn't want any part of it to hurt. I trusted that she wasn't skimping on me because after two different masks (the hydrating my favorite), I couldn't stop touching my face to feel the softness. When my fiance came out from his mediocre massage, he added that it also looked radiant and we ventured back into the cold rainy day, feeling more relaxed.
My first visit was perfect from start to finish.  I called about two weeks in advance as I am an out-of-towner, and my voice mail was returned within fifteen minutes.  I was able to get the day and time I wanted to be seen for a deep pore cleansing facial with extractions (Monday at 11am... the spa has lower prices M-F from 11am to 2:30pm because it's not a busy time).  The day before my appointment, the spa called to confirm.  When I arrived, the spa was soothing and comfortable, with soft sofas, gentle music and candlelight.  Yuko welcomed me courteously and we discussed my skin concerns.  She proceeded to apply various creams and steam to my face and then spent LOTS of time extracting my very clogged pores.  The price for this authentic and professional 90 minute facial - $106 incl 20% gratuity - was a great value.  I do not go to spas here in upstate NY because their facials are more show than substance.  I will be back to Moonflower on my next visit to NYC!
I had a great facial at this spa!  Everyone was extremely nice, and the treatment room was very clean and calming.  My aesthetician was a true professional, wearing gloves while she expertly performed the extractions and explaining what she was doing as she applied various creams/masks.  I'm planning to make this a monthly ritual!
this place is quaint, quiet and convenient to midtown workers and while the staff was very welcoming, i have to judge my facials on how may my face looks 48 hours later. and i gotta say the extractions were not very clean and i broke out a bit afterwards.
AMAZING!  The staff is so sweet and knowledgeable, they let you know your skin's condition and what you can do to better care for it. The massages are relaxing and the facials are thorough. The microderm includes a full facial which is normally an extra charge at other places. I go monthly and the deep pore facial is serious business- they really do thier best to extract everything without damaging the skin or causing any pain. You need to visit
This is the only place i trust with my face. I have been going here for years now and I will hands down recommend this spa for facials over any other spa in NYC. I have tried many and time and time again, Moonflower provides the best results. They are attentive, thorough, and best of all.. they are the sole reason why my skin is nice despite the harsh conditions in the city. Book early though... they have become super popular in the past couple of years.
Mami is such a wonderful facialist that I am willing to pay with such high price to get facial at Moonflower. The spa runs in pricey end but it is definitely worth it...especially when you have horrible facial before (which i just did last week when I had to get this facial for a friend's special event).
I have been here several times for facials and I have to say it is always a pleasant experience. It is not a fancy spa, not somewhere you can or would want to hang out for hours, but that works great for me. I like to be in and out. The facials are reliable with gentle extractions, and my face always glows afterwards. Plus for me the price is right!
This is a great gem of a spa! I've been there twice and will continue to go there for all my facials. The space is quiet and serene - just what you want from a spa. I've had the deep cleaning facial twice with 2 different aesticicians (sp?) and both times I was extremely pleased - especially by the extractions!!!. I would highly recommend this place - the prices are very fair and the quality is fantastic.
I definitely recommend moon flower. Misa gave me my deep pore cleansing facial and it was amazing. She was very attentive to my problem areas. The neck and face massage was an added bonus. Even though I came during spa week, I will definitely return next time I need a facial, discount or not.
Had a GREAT facial here! Wonderful service, excellent technique and the value can't be beat. It's not an overly luxurious spa but that's fine. The facial was one of the best I've had.
Another glowing review for Moonflower... I treat myself to a facial twice a year during spaweek. I did my research and booked an appointment at Monnflower after having read all these great reviews on yelp. I completely agree with all the reviewers. The customer service was so good. All the ladies are so sweet and polite. This was totally the best facial I've ever had. During other facials, the ladies will leave the room while I'm under the steam machine, and it's always disorienting and I always find myself wondering if she'll ever come back. At Moonflower, while I was under the steamer, my esthetician massaged my face, necks and shoulders with some amazing serum that smelt like cucumbers. She really took care of business during the extractions! I had a lot of milia, not zits, and estheticians at other places usually tell me there's nothing that can be done about them. My esthetician at Moonflower definitely managed to get rid of most of them. I am so impressed. But the most amazing thing of all is that after the facial, I didn't look red, blotchy and swollen. I will never get a facial anywhere else. Can't wait for spring spa week!
