You may walk by the nondescript entrance to this Mercer street find the first time or you may never have noticed it before, but once you walk in, your feet will always know the way back.  The pedicures are rituals (but well-priced ones, to boot), and the attention given to your toes and soles is precise and determined.  Sometimes the constant Russian being spoken can be a little distracting, but gleaming toes, vivid polish and soft soles are a wonderful reward.  Even though NY law forbids using certain mani-pedi instruments on more than one customer, most salons continue to do exactly that.  But not Haven.  So you can rest assured that chances of contracting infections are minimal.
I have been here twice now for a Brazilian wax with Kasha and she's the best, quick and easy!
I use Gabby for nails...hands down best manicurist I have ever used. I use Martha for waxing. Also, Mariola is fast and excellent as well. Haven is always professional, always on time and has a very friendly staff. Most importantly..clean!
After a whole day of schlepping our stuff around SoHo, Haven is a welcome oasis. I had a 30-minute foot massage with Becca (sp) which was one of the most relaxing and peaceful massages I've had in a while. You recline on a massage bed in a darkened spa room with soothing music and before I knew it, I was drifting in and out of sleep. That's no small feat considering that Becca's touch is pretty firm. Great place to treat yourself on a hot and humid day in the city, but they are pricey.
Really clean and bright spa. In fact, it's so very bright that it's a little..."unrelaxing." Not sure how to put that. Anyway, I'd much rather have bright and sanitary than the alternative. They give you your own pedicure tool set which is a classy touch. You can bring them back to get a few bucks off your next pedicure!
The best f*'n facial EVER. This place is a amazing, the staff is warm and inviting. The mini escapes are to die for, I've had the body scrub with was so invigorating and moisturizing, the pedicure, and the facial. Their services and quality are unbeatable. I'm a fan for life and I've gone back 5 times in a 6 month span...just amazing :)
I've been going to Haven for a little over a year now, exclusively for brazilians, and have had almost every waxer available over the duration due to scheduling conflicts, etc.  Each has their merits, but in my experience, Rina is the best. She is super quick ( always at 15 minutes), very thorough ( and even goes beyond by grabbing any random leg hairs), and has the best grow out period. Whereas waxes by others showed growth within a week, hers almost always are at least 2 1/2-3 weeks before I really notice it. So Haven is great, and if you're a first timer looking for a recommendation, I suggest Rina!
Stopped by Haven today for a wax.  The atmosphere is really adorable - it's relatively small but here "small" reads "pleasantly cozy" not "cramped."  Front desk staff is very friendly and Marta was a fantastic waxer - very efficient and she did a great job cleaning up my brows.
Great deep tissue massage (with Lara) in the city, but the decor is a bit dated.
Being a girl is awesome 99% of the time. The 1% that sucks is that its usually frowned upon to have an untamed jungle when wearing a bikini. So then we have to go through the pain of having our hair cruelly ripped from our bodies. I am a "rip the bandaid off quickly" kind of girl and that's what the ladies at Haven do for me. I've been to other places where its over 30 minutes of "gently" ripping the wax off, but it ends of being a drawn out form of torture. Haven gets you in and out in like 10-15 minutes!
Cant go wrong at this place.  Been coming here the past 9 years.  They are always on time,  super professional and it always feels like your escaping Manhattan as you descend down the stairs of this Soho spa.  Highly Recommend!
My favorite salon in NYC for waxes. I see the same woman every time (Marta) and she is a doll. Fast, painless, and incredibly well done. And $40 for a wax is well worth it if it is enjoyable!
I liked their personable staff. Much attention to detail - which is appreciated especially when hot wax is involved.
Dude!  If I am in NYC for a while and in desperate need of a hoo hoo wax (also known as the dreaded brazilian or sphynx) I go see Yazmin here.  Love love love this place.  I can't speak for the other services but Yazmin is quick and fantastic.
Ive been going to Haven for about 7 years now for bikini waxing...  would NEVER go anywhere else again. Their staff is knowledgeable and friendly. The place is clean and comfortable. Excellent all around.
I walked in with no appt and was able to be seen right away. I waited in the lounge area and enjoyed the tea and ice water. Marta came and got me and led me to a room for my facial. She talked to me about my concerns and what I wanted to improve about my skin. She immediately tried to sell me on a microdermabrassion or a peel. Neither of which I wanted, I just wanted a good deep cleaning.  I feel she did a great job, and she was very through on the extractions. The over all experience with my facial is great. I love it. The only thing is the up-selling, I'm already paying over $110 for a facial, I don't feel I need to buy $150 more worth of products. That is the only complaint I have.
I've been going here for many years because it used to be around the corner from my office. Switched jobs and all - still make my way down to Soho for waxing. Marta is fast and amazing. A few weeks ago, I had a 6:30pm appointment. I was running late, subway didn't come, waited for a cab, and there was tons of traffic. I called the spa to inform them I was running late and they asked how long I'd be. I said probably 10 minutes. They said I had the option of getting my upper or lower half of my leg done but there wasn't enough time to do both. WHAT? I couldn't believe what I was hearing. The woman told me that their employees are not allowed to stay past 7pm and if I arrived at 6:40 there wouldn't be enough time for my full leg (if you knew how skinny my legs were, you'd say - they could 100% be done in 20 minutes). Anyway, the woman asked if I wanted a half leg and to come back another day for half my leg. I was in shock, and said I'd call back to make another appointment, made my cab driver pull over because I already paid 12 dollars to rush down there and wasn't even close. I made another appointment for a few days later and Marta wasn't available. I wish I remembered the womans name who waxed me but it took her 50 minutes to do a full leg and bikini. Once again, I wish I could upload a picture of my legs - they're tiny. I'm NOT a professional and I've waxed my legs in less time than that. She was slow and left a lot of patches on my legs and just didn't do a good job. Marta's amazing, and I'd love to go back to her but I'm so turned off by this experience.
Great facial, beautiful mani/pedi and relaxing massage. I love the products they use. IS clinical is very difficult to find. It's my new regular facial spot hands down.
Love this salon! Bought a yelp deal, 2 brazilians for the price of one (47.00) great location (SOHO! shopping!) very professional staff, flexible scheduling, and great technicians. I had 2 different technicians, was happy with both. Whole waxing takes less than 20 minutes, and is as painless (all relative) as possible, imo. They have a great selection of unique beauty items as well, I picked up an ingrown hair serum than is working great, and a fun dry shampoo. All reasonably priced. I will definitiely be back, even at full price!
I'm going to continue to get my brows done here... because they look amazing. I'm totally over the threading thing.  The woman that waxed my brows here was the most skilled I've seen. Worth the $ and the time.
They took me as a walk in for a brazilian and facial. Brazilians are never painless, but this was as easy as it gets - efficient, clean and professionally executed. Marta also gave me the Bootcamp facial. Literally the best facial of my life, with real effort into doing the extractions. My acne healed quicker than ever. If you want chi-chi feel good 'experiences' then maybe another place is for you, but I wanted immediate improvement on the state of my skin, and this fit the bill.
Marta for a Brazilian. This place is awesome. Try to sneak into the back bathroom where you will find the bidet. Yesss! I used to go to shohba for my brows... but threading hurts!!! I go to Reina for brows now.
I had Stalina and she did an excellent job.  She even gave me targeted breathing advice to lessen the pain.  Very professional service.
My friend and I booked facials at Haven on a Saturday morning.  The entryway is very spa-like, relaxing. It was the closest I've seen to a Burke Williams in NYC in terms of atmosphere.  I had a facial with Stilina, who started off by telling me I was having a facial with the #1 aesthetician in NYC - I thought "we'll see!" - it was a pretty good facial - she spoke a lot about my skin, we discussed the products I use and which ones to avoid, and for the first time I ended up buying the products she recommended(which I NEVER do!).  I would book with her again.  The whole experience was good, probably the best of the 3 spas I've been to so far.  Definitely recommended!
I've been going here going on 4 years getting a sphynx done  (Brazilian wax). Very friendly, clean, and most of all patient.
Best waxing experience so far. The staff that answers the phone are always courteous and very clear about all the information given. The waiting area is beautiful, very relaxing and comfortable. My technician is Marisola who is amazing! She is funny, sweet and very good at her job.  People are correct, the rooms are sterile (i.e VERY CLEAN) and not exactly spa-like but after so many other kinds of  other types rooms, I like it! All in all I love Haven and always have good experiences there. I will try out the manicure and pedicure/massage treatments before I give it a 5 star rating however, I highly recommend this place!
I went to Haven for a Yelp deal for a Brazilian. It was a pretty okay little find. The place itself is a hole in the wall, decorated nicely, but still gives you the feeling of waiting in a doctor's office. My best friend had an AMAZING experience and always comes here now, but my experience wasn't AS magical. The lady who did my waxing spent most of her time yelling at me for shaving (a long time ago) and was pretty rough overall. When all was said and done all my vajayjay hair was gone, so at least the job was done.
Nicely decorated.  Soothing environment. Waxing was pretty decent.  They could have done it in smaller sections (this seems to be a problem for a lot of waxers).   Won't set you back (price-wise) too much.
Went back again and confirmed that it was not a fluke.  Mariola had me in and out of there quickly.  Waxing is not the kind of service I like to linger around for.  I recommend the gourmet wax for sissies like myself.
Since moving to NY, I've been obsessed with trying to get the best mani/pedi deal. A friend of mine got me a certificate to Haven for a Manicure and I had been saving it for a special occasion. I made the appointment the day of and had probably the best manicure in my life. Gabby, the nail technician, was so awesome. She really took her time and the results were amazing. Most of my manicures last a day because I have really thin nails. The Haven manicure lasted a little less than a week which was so great!  They also just started doing Shellac manicures. I already booked my next appt. and am totally looking forward to it. I'm over the days of dirty salons and have decided to make Haven my go-to spot.
you can't beat $40 for a brazilian wax in the city.  (be aware, that if you get everything off it costs more)  ludmila was my waxer and she was great.  i usually wax myself so i'm really picky about the process: how much it hurts, how fast it is, how detail oriented.  one of the best waxes i've had for attention to details.  i didn't have to do any maintenance afterwards really. quick and painless (well, as painless as it can be). i also got my eyebrows done though which were okay.  not worth the $14.  will only be coming back from brazilians.
I used to get my nails done here, a lot. The only drawback is the lack of efficient nail dryers. The prices are a little higher than I like paying for regular mani/pedis, but they are clean, and that is more important than price. You get your own file/buffer/cuticle stick, and if you bring it back for them to re-use next time, you get two bucks off. At least, that was the case when I was frequenting. I've also gotten their spa packages, and they are nicely priced for consistently good service. You're not going to feel like you got totally ripped off. They have female and male masseuses, and I haven't had a bad one yet. Nothing flimsy, everything is clean, well-maintained, and pretty low-key which is nice. Not uppity or snobby, everyone is happy. Yay. Note: while they do take walk-ins, they are usually pretty darn crowded, so I would recommend calling ahead just in case.
Great place!  I had Marta for my wax and she put me at ease immediately.  The environment was calm and everyone was very pleasant. I think I found my new spot!
I went to Haven after purchasing a yelp deal for brazilian wax sessions.  For the price that I paid (2 Sessions for $47), I can't complain too much, but I do not think that I will be returning here to pay regular price .  I felt like they were very quick to get you in and out, that they schedule waxing sessions in 15 minute intervals, which I find very aggressive. For those of you that have gotten waxes in the past, you need a moment or two to catch your breath, especially after sensitive spots, but these ladies go at it non-stop.  I was tempted to tell them to pause or slow down.  Also, after the waxing is done, I am used to people spending some time with the tweezer to get what the wax could not take off.  The first time I went, the lady did not even pull out her tweezer, and the second time, the lady did a very cursory job at best.  While I left both times satisfied with the venue, and the service,  I always come home to find spots that they have missed, or should have been able to catch if they had spent a little more time with the tweezer.
I really enjoyed my facial with Tina. The results look great too. She included a hand massage and one thing to note, she did NOT use that UV light thing that some spas use to kill the germs after extractions. I don't like that thing anyway. I am always worried that after a facial I'm going to be all puffy afterwards, but I was in pretty good shape an hour later. And that's not to say that she didn't do a thorough job. All my problem areas are looking good now. I highly recommend her
This place is a gem. I wish the hard wax wasn't so expensive but the honey wax works well too. I've been alternating between the two. Haven't gotten other services but this is my go-to waxing place.
I come here strictly for brazilian purposes. So far, my experiences with Marta and Kasha were great. The process is quick and fairly painless. The only thing I'd recommend is that you try the special wax. It's easier on the skin and leads to better results. Otherwise, definitely a very straight forward, no frills experience.
My first visit to Haven was for the 80 Minutes in Haven facial.  The check-in process was great and they saw me promptly at my appointed time.  The technician who performed the facial was pretty good.  She chatted quite a bit, explaining the process-- but I take it this is quite common as I've had facials elsewhere and the technicians also talked through the treatment.  Overall I thought the experience was quite good.  I even made a mental note to come back in the future. All was well UNTIL at the end and she started pushing hard to sell the skincare product.  I demurred, saying I'm sticking w the product my dermatologist recommends.  Then she went ballistics and went on a tirade about how bad Neutrogena, Cetaphil and other "commercial" cleansers were bad, and that there was a big conspiracy by the dermatology medical community that pushes these products on people which then causes the skin problems that require the services of dermatologists, etc.  I don't know if she really believed this or was saying this to convince me to buy her products.  Either way, she came across as crazy and ruined a nice spa outing for me.  It also costed her in tip, too. I'm taking two stars off for the crazy technician.
I tried Haven for a Brazilian wax after reading the Yelp reviews and I was seriously impressed.  Maria is amazing- sweet and professional and does a thorough job.  I always brace myself for pain when I get a Brazilian wax, but w/ the hard wax and Maria's expertise it is so easy.  I recommend the hard wax for sure.  12 minutes and I'm out the door!  Highly recommend!
I like their quiet, serene atmosphere. People are also super nice and does their job well. Their waxing is fast and super clean! I love Haven.
Great waxing. Great facials, and they take walk ins. Highly recommend.
I had a great time at Haven today! I've been going there for my waxing services off and on for 2 or 3 years and have always been happy with my aesthetician, Yasmin. Today I stepped out of the box and went for a pedicure and prenatal massage (I'm 37 weeks pregnant). My pedicure was so-so, although I must say that I'm not a huge pedicure aficianado. I also go to their sister salon, Eve, and I find that when I've gotten my pedicure there the aesthetician is much more relaxed and friendly. Today at Haven I found the woman to be a little more quiet and withdrawn which is not always the most comforting when someone is dealing with your feet... My toes did turn out really well, though, so I couldn't complain with the end product... My prenatal massage, on the other hand, was AWESOME! The masseuse's name is Laura and from the moment she walked out she was positive, upbeat, comforting, complimentary... basically everything you'd want the person who is handling you and your little bundle of joy to be. She did a great job of making me feel comfortable but also, during the service, she was quiet and encouraged me to forget she was there and just relax and enjoy the experience, which I did very happily! I've had a good number of massages at different places around the world and I would highly recommend Lara 100%! I can't wait to go back post birth!
This spa could not be any better in my opinion. I originally discovered it through a online deal and loved it so much I returned the very next week. Customer service here is superior. Wait time is extremely minimal and you don't get that snobby vibe here. The environment is calm and relaxing - whether you are getting a mani/pedi or a facial. I have found my go-to spa and recommend everyone give it a try.
Booked an appointment considering the other reviews here on Yelp. It was totally worth it! Kelly at reception was very welcoming and professional. I had booked for a hard wax Brazilian, underarm, and lower leg. Stelina was awesome I highly recommend her, she was fast and comforting making the whole process less painful. I got a discount for trying the hard wax for first time and I even bought a serum to treat ingrowns and for a total of less than $120, it can't get any better! Definitely bringing friends over to this spa.
I just went to visit haven spa for my eyebrow with my friend today! It was the first time for me for fixing my eyebrow in this city because I don't want to have same style with others even it's just eyebrow! But I found amazing place finally! My friend used to do his eyebrow this place so he recommended Rena who did my eyebrow and his as well! Rena is very nice and she made my eyebrow beautiful! I'm going to visit here everytime I visit in NYC ! Can't wait!
I have been going to Haven for waxes since 2001.  Whoa!  I don't know anything about their other services, but it's my go-to place for waxing.  Now that they also offer stripless hard wax, there is no reason for me to go anywhere else.  It's clean, they don't double dip, the rooms are fine and the waxers are awesome.  They also have a really great selection of products up front and will happily tell you what they recommend (and what they don't).  Today I asked for hard wax for my bikini wax and it was ridiculously painless (err, relatively but it was really different than strip wax).  Even their honey wax is better than the average corner place/salon and the prices are really fair. Haven's only drawback is that they are not accessible for people who can't do stairs, which I think is a shame.
Had to wait forever even though I arrived early for my appointment.  Had to ask the girl behind the counter twice.  The wax was quick & well done though so that made up for a lot.
I went back to Haven last night and the waiting room was still very nice and relaxing. I have been speaking to the manager Anne who has been very nice and accommodating. I went there around 6:30pm on a Friday night and the other manager Edyta introduced herself to me. Then my estheticians, Hanna came out. She was so nice, sweet, and really took her time. She was one of the best. (there was also nice music in the room). I would go back just for the nice staff and Hanna.
Dear Haven, you must change your hard wax supplier.  My waxer was through, took the time to engage in beautification and had one of the more painless techniques I have ever experienced.  But I was also more bumpy after than I had ever experienced.  Never had I before experienced a rashy appearance post-bikini wax (and I have not had any rashiness post-wax since my 1 visit to Haven).  I do not know if I am allergic to your hard wax or what, but it is really unfortunate that I cannot return until you change it.
Yelp Deal = Yelp Steal. With my 2 for 1 Brazilian Yelp Deal clutched in my hand, I made the trek through sleet and snow to get the down yonder tended. They were able to squeeze me in on a busy Saturday within an hour of my calling and when I arrived and opened the doors, a heavenly scent wafted up. The place smelled so damn good, I was happy to wait and peruse the US Weeklies (though alas, I didn't wait long)! Ushered in by the lovely Stalina, I was shown quickly to my room and asked to undress. That I did. While the room itself looked sort of like a public bathroom (sans toilet and sink, but oddly enough, tile), it was pleasant and clean. Stalina was very quick, very thorough and very pleasant company. I think she was more pained by it then me and would remind me to "Breathe in, breathe out!" and then puff away with me. Within 15 minutes, I was in and out and everything was as taken care of as perfectly as my regular (and more expensive) destination, Shobha, She also let me know about a loyalty program they have where you can earn Haven dollars towards anything in the store including products. LOVE that you can earn free treatments with every visit. Only seems fair when you're a regular, no? They also have a myriad of other services like mani/pedis (though I didn't see OPI...), facials and more. I'll definitely be back -- both for my Brazilians as much as the great service and ambiance.
Marta is a fantastic waxer!  If you want a fast Brazilian for an extremely reasonable price, I'd recommend her.  She's very nice, and definitely detail-oriented.
I was there this weekend for a pedicure while a friend of mine had a massage.  While the pedicure and the massage were both very good experiences, I was appalled by the conversation I overheard from the woman at the front desk and the massage therapist.  My friend was asked to fill out their information form which asks for things like injuries and allergies.  What I then heard was them making fun of the fact that she actually provided that information and said that she was here for a massage, not a dinner, what did they care about her food allergies.  Having seen first hand the reactions that are suffered by those truly allergic, it's not a laughing matter, as reactions are triggered by exposure, not necessarily ingestion and therefore very pertinent when you don't know what's contained in oils being applied to your body.   My point here is that if this is to be a professional spa environment, the staff should conduct itself as such and know that what they say can be overheard by all clients.
there are not a lot of spas in soho that are quick and easy on your lunch break. i always went here even though the services were okay. unfortunately this time, they made me wait 20 minutes for an appt during my lunch break and did not even check in on me or help me. When i told them i could not stay, they did not even offer a discount or complimentary service etc to retain my business. on top of this, they charge $20 for a 3 day manicure. i would go somewhere else
certainly a beautiful place but i have had better facials that include much more massaging. that said, she got the job done.
amazingly fast brazilian wax.  also an amazingly clean job.  unfortunately, i don't remember the name of my waxer, but she definitely knew what she was doing and did it well.  this place has the whole serene/tranquil/spa atmosphere thing going on, and the prices are still pretty reasonable, but as i'm a sucker for thrift, i'd rather save 5-10 bucks and go somewhere less fancy and with less atmosphere but with equally good service.
this place is great. i can be in and out in 15-20 minutes, which is fantastically fast if you ask me. everyone is super nice, but monique is my go-to and i highly recommend her.
Worst Brazilian wax ever!!! She broke most of the hair off and wouldn't stop talking during the session... Which only lasted 7 minutes!!! You can't wax a full Brazilian in 7 minutes! There was so much hair leftover!! Plus she also burned me!!!  Big waste of time and money. A trained monkey could have done better.
love this place. most relaxing mani pedis in the city. and great for waxing too...alwasy gets mariola.
What would a relaxing weekend in the city be without a stop at Haven for a massage? This time I threw in a pedicure to round out my experience. Haven is just such a little gem in SoHo-great little changing room, relaxing reception area, and lots of great magazines to read while relaxing. My massage was really great too-a bit more aggressive style than relaxing, but my body felt great afterward. My pedicure was fabulous and really precise. A wonderful except in a big city.
I purchased the Yelp waxing deal and have only used one of my waxes so far. I had no trouble scheduling my appointment and finding the place was easy too. I was going to Australia for a long vacation, so I had made an appointment for both my Yelp deal brazilian wax and a full leg wax as well. I was greeted in a friendly fashion and only had to wait a few moments for my waxing technician. They brought me into a waxing room and the technician excused herself so I could disrobe. I was dearly dissappointed by the waxing room. The rest of the spa is beautifully decorated and has a relaxing vibe. The wax rooms are almost clinical looking, but are frankly too dingy/dirty looking to be truly clinical. The technician who did my wax was polite, worked fast and did her best to make sure I was comfortable. I personally found that she worked a little too fast, not taking enough care to make sure her work was flawless. I also had horrible ingrown hairs, something I don't generally experience and am still dealing with months later, due to the wax being done too fast and carelessly. I have had similar waxing services elsewhere and I have to say, I don't know if I am going to use the second wax from my yelp deal. I found my wax didn't last as long as waxes I have had elsewhere. I was disappointed as I was going away and didn't want to have to deal with shaving while on vacation. I was also horrified to see that they DOUBLE DIP when doing brazilian waxes. This is just not acceptable! They have one massive well of wax and they just keep dipping back in. This is not only gross, but also dangerous as you can transmit infections and STD's this way. That was my major issue with the service at Haven. The wax technician recomended a product to prevent ingrown hairs that I purchased and honestly don't think worked all that well for the price. Sally Hansen ingrown hair preventor works great for about 1/3 the price. I can't say that I recommend this place for waxing. The service was polite though, the people helpful and nice. Perhaps some of their spa services are better?
i had monique for a brazilian and she was great! totally good idle chatter and fast :)
I have had many services done at this spa, and every one is very good. It is a nice, clean place, the offer everything, and I always and surprised by how reasonably priced everything is. I was shocked actually, it was the cheapest wax I've gotten in the city, as well as thorough. The employees are very nice and professional. Its like a one stop shop for beauty treatments!
I found out about this place through yelp.  I decided to take advantage of a wax special they were offering.  I got the full leg and bikini wax.  Monique was the lady the did the waxing and she was great.  She did it so fast and was completely thorough.  Definitely will be going back again.
I treated myself to a birthday facial, hoping for a relaxing and gentle experience.  I bought the 80 minutes in Haven for 150. I got in to the room and the esthetician said that I should not go forward with the treatment I bought because it's for "old ladies." She suggested that I need something that will be only 15 dollars more. I, unfortunately agreed, to this painful and horrible service. I let her know that I have sensitive skin. Yet the products that we used burned and I was "squeezed" relentlessly. I left with my face swollen and red, and had spent over 200.00 for it. I was embarrassed to walk down the street. A day later my face is still red and bruised. I don't know if their other services are more worthwhile but I won't go back and never will I advise a friend to go here.
the ambiance is great. they have a ton of great products for sale. the service was beyond accommodating.
I bought 2 coupons from Yelp, each for 2 brazilians for $47. I've used 3 of the waxes so far and have decided to not even bother using my last because the last 2 waxes have been so disappointing I had different women each time. Both of them ripped more hair than they actually pulled out from the root (maybe this is why people are saying it's painless?). I actually came home and plucked out some pretty long hairs that they didn't catch. While one used the gourmet wax on me without charging me $7 extra, she repeatedly would put hot wax on an area that she just waxed. AND she actually ripped some of the skin off of my upper, inner thigh. I've been getting brazilians regularly for over a year now, so, while I admit I'm not an expert, I know that skin should not be removed, hair should be removed at the root and things down there should not feel scratchy the day after the wax. I've definitely had much quicker waxes with much less pain that I don't really care to return to Haven. For the most part, everyone at Haven was friendly but it's just really not worth getting a brazilian (or any other service for that matter) but someone that is going to do a mediocre job.
Best spa and waxing ever
Rena is the best waxer! She is fast and painless.
Yasmin is the only one to see for waxing or brows. I've been going to her for 7 years and won't go anywhere else.  The best.
Great service, really like the fact that you get your own set of filers. Clean and cozy place.
Haven is a wonderful day spa.  I spent quite a while searching for spas to celebrate my birthday.  I stumbled upon Haven through Yelp and boy am I happy that I did!  The spa has a great atmosphere, smells like they pump lavender throughout the entire spa! haha.  In regards to service, my friend and I were seen on time for our massages and facial.  The staff is excellent.  They always check in on you during the service and really make the entire experience all about you.  It's a great get-away from the hustle and bustle of the city.  This will be my go to day spa for massages, facials, and some much needed relaxation.  I received a Swedish massage over 12 hours ago and I am still feeling the effects!  You can't beat that!
I am so thrilled  to have discovered Haven ! From the second you walk in you'll feel pampered and special. The front desk is always lovely and always knows my name. Then it's on to the best mani-pedicure in New York City with either Gabby, Emma or Mariana . And I am addicted to the bar none amazing facialist Stalina! I won't go anywhere else and send all of my friends to this spa, they are all now as devoted as I am!
i love this place. service is good. professional. the prices are reasonable :)
I was in dire need of a GOOD massage and after some bad experiences with the cheaper $60/60 min bare min setting-type places, I wanted to ensure that my time would be well-spent- despite what I was paying. I came here for a 90 minute massage and they appointed me to Mui, who was comprehensive in asking me what I needed work on most. Usual back and shoulders (from too much computer work) and some soreness from recent exercising was what I told her. She spent significant amounts of time on each area of my body with emphasis on what I asked for. Room and setting was very peaceful and I'm pretty sure I dozed off for at least 15 minutes. Overall, 90 min was perfect amount- I felt anything less would have left me unsatisfied. Due to the cost though, I don't think I can come back regularly and will keep on searching. But the location is convenient and if you're in need of a decent massage, Haven is fine.
both times I went for a waxing my "strip" was lopsided.
i've been going to haven for over 10 years....it's the best!  the atmosphere is very relaxing and the services are top notch.!
At first we had a love and hate relationship. People could hear me scream all the way in the front. The receptionist used to ask me if I was okay. But now its a whole different story, I love and enjoy going to Haven. Everyone is so nice, sweet and professional. It was here were I got my first wax, at the time it was just did the bikini area with regular wax because I couldn't stand the pain. Months after I learned that they had a hard wax, that's not as painful as regular wax. So this time i decided to go big or go home, i went for a Brazilian with hard wax. IT WAS her month after month until one day I called for an appt and was informed she was going to be on vacation. I thought about shaving but then I remember how thick hair gets when you shave so I asked the receptionist to recommend someone that's as good as Hannah and very gentle. They said Marta, and since that day Marta has been my one and only. She is so quick and thorough that I get to go during my lunch break and be done in 10 minutes. Hannah and Marta are extremely knowledgeable in the waxing department. They've made incredible recommendations on product that I could use. Pick them, you won'r regret it. As to the ambiance, I would say that this place definitely feels like a spa. As soon as you walk in,you find peace. The noise of the streets doesn't come in and the relaxing music that's always on makes you feel at ease. The receptionists will greet you immediately and check you into your appointment. You will rarely have to wait to go in, they are always running on or close to schedule. When you are done with the procedure they will ask how it went and book your next appointment.
I have been coming here for about four years for waxing and the quality of service is always great - my appointments always take less than 20 mins! Not to mention the location is great and the venue's ambiance is very appealing.
the massage was ok. I booked a deep tissue massage but I didn't feel a thing. The masseuse massaged my head for 15 minutes  which doesn't do much for achy muscles!They are very nice there though!
I scheduled an hour long deep tissue massage with Linda and an hour long facial with Anca. Linda really knows how to get into the muscles to untangle knots. Keep in mind that this is a DEEP TISSUE massage (sports massage), so I expected it to be painful given I had some big knots. Muscles felt so great a few days later. I booked a 2nd appointment with Linda towards the end of September; we're doing a 90 minute session to focus on specific areas. Anca was wonderful! This was my first facial ever, so she was very helpful in explaining what kind of skin type I had and why extracting blackheads, moisturizing daily, and taking care of my skin is so important. It was very relaxing, and my face looked so clean afterwards. Am definitely a fan. The place was clean; the front staff was very polite and professional (I hate it when the front desk is rude). Definitely going back on a monthly basis for massages and perhaps quarterly for a facial.
Came here for a bikini wax, everyone was fast, friendly (well just enough, I don't like excessive convo during my wax), and efficient. The price is DEFINITELY a bargain, everything was very clean and sanitary.
Amazing. They are professional, and zen, and all good things. I loved it so much the first time I went, it's definitely become more than a guilty pleasure-it's a healthy habit!  Haven is very calm and pretty and the staff is dedicated to doing educated and relaxing services. You don't feel rushed or intimidated. I would be thrilled to get this as a gift, but I'm happy to give it to myself.  It's THAT good. Try Emma's pedicures and Anka's facials.
i have been getting facials forever and i must say that mariola is theeee best esthatician ever!! just had thee best facial of my life!!!!!!
Went in today for my first prenatal massage, 30 weeks, Linda was amazing,knew just when to talk and when to let me drift off. I have arthritis horribly and she managed to be both  sensitive to my problem areas but tough where i needed it. The atmosphere was perfect, low lighting, extremely quiet you actually forget your in the city. the music was delightfully not Enya and very relaxing, staff was friendly and courteous and everyone was super helpful (getting up and down not so easy these days)  Absolutely going back!!!!
Fantastic spa! My friends and I booked a party room for a bachelorette weekend, and they could not have been nicer or more accommodating. I got a Shiatsu massage with Linda and it was fab-u-lous! She was very communicative and skilled. Haven is such a nice sanctuary, and well worth the expense--which is reasonable for the level of service. I can't wait to go back! Very recommended!
went there for my first bikini wax, big mistake. HUGE mistake, à la pretty woman. i was with nellie, and although i told her it was my first wax, she still scolded me multiple times for having recently (one week ago) shaved. the waxing rooms are clinical and doctor-like, and nellie acted like she expected me to know what to do, which i did not (it being my first, as i'd told her...). when i was finally on the table, she got right to work without any warning or telling me what to expect, nothing. she also commented on how thick my hair was, which wasn't at all necessary. the wax itself wasn't terribly painful, but i don't know how much of that was her or the advil i'd taken beforehand. any advice on breathing techniques would've been appreciated. she said "whoops" once, without explanation. she tweezed an area and ended the appointment with it bleeding. the highlight was the numbing cream she applied afterwards. i will not be returning.
Should be renamed HEAVEN! been there twice now.  Recommend - Anthony for   massages (you just need to remember his rules!) and Anca's facials are the best! A little paradise on mercer st.
Haven is just that - a lovely pamper-yourself spa haven in the middle of SoHo.  They have a really nice atmosphere inside with tons of amenities.  I got a mani-pedi at Haven and was very pleased with my experience. Getting a walk-in appointment on a weekday afternoon was super easy and I didn't have to wait long.  I got a Shellac manicure and spa pedicure.  The selection of Shellac colors is a bit limited, but they have an awesome selection of regular polishes, mostly Essie and Zoya.  My nail tech was fine - not very talkative but she got the job done.  My Shellac manicure was good, though not perfect (maybe 1 or 2 bubbles, but the paint job was otherwise good).  My pedicure turned out perfectly however, and I especially liked their exfoliating scrub.  They also have iPads, free wi-fi, and tons of magazines available for you to use at the pedicure stations. When you leave, they actually give you your tools to keep in case you want to reuse them in your next visit for a discount - shows that they are sanitary and eco-conscious!  The store in the lobby also has a pretty good selection of spa brands.  First time clients get a small goodie bag with free samples and a $10 gift card; they also automatically sign you up for a customer rewards program that gives you spa credit for every dollar you spend. Overall, I really like the atmosphere at Haven.  I would normally expect to pay much more for this type of spa experience, but it was actually much more affordable than other full spas I have been to.  The prices and Haven rewards program really encourage regular customers, which I love.  I would definitely come back for a mani-pedi and to try out some of the other services as well.  I highly recommend Haven if you are looking to pamper yourself a bit more than a regular nail salon, but don't want to break the bank.
good things: the staff is super friendly and kind. the facilities are lovely and clean. not so good things: the body scrub was super rushed and didn't even make my skin feel smooth after. so don't waste your money on this and get a longer massage instead. also, the woman who did my scrub spent the entire time talking. like literally non stop trying to convince me to buy more things and sign up for their programs and recommend my friends. but its completely ruined my experience other than that, I would def recommend.
I heard a lot of nice things about this place but I was not impressed.  It is really pretty but it is also full off overpriced products.  I understand I was in SOHO so I expected the prices would be high but I didn't expect the customer service would not be up to par.   I recently visited Haven for a Bikini wax.  I ran late but the service still started quickly.  The woman who helped me advised me that what I actually wanted was a Brazilian after speaking with her before the procedure started, in the back room, as I was instructed to do.  I said ok.  I used the hard wax for the first time and that was great, as she said it would be.  What she didn't tell me was that when all was said and done my bill would be $72.  For those of you have a large diameter to cover or basically just have a whole lot going on down there you are probably thinking, that's not a bad price.  However, when you are Irish and don't have much down there in the first place, your jaw hits the floor.  The most I have ever paid was $25 and that is after an entire winter of letting it run free (if you know what I mean lol).   This women made no attempt to negotiate the price with me or offer  me any other treatment or services, basically I was given the same price as someone who has it running up their stomach and down their thighs.  Of course, while I am in the room she makes it a point to look at it and say to me "easy and beautiful" before we even start.  At the time, didn't realize she was twisting the knife, I thought I should just suck it up, the fact that it wasn't exactly comfortable.  In my mind it was her way of letting me know "This is too easy, you are so getting a discount and please come back again and again". Nope! My favorite part of the whole experience was when I asked her if she was going to trim it.  See, I like to leave a little hair, I think it's cute.  But, obviously whatever I do leave on down there I want completely even.  She proceeds to tell me that oh yeah they do trim but you know we wouldn't want to make a mess now would we.  What?  Really?  Now, I won't post a picture of the uber tiny patch we are talking about here, but let's just say the "mess" she is referring to would have taken her an extra minute of her life to brush off the table!  59 seconds of that minute would be to find the mini dust pan and broom. Suffice to say, I am never going there again unless it's free because that would actually be good deal!
Came here for a pedicure recently after work and was very happy with the end result!  I was able to call ahead and make an appointment though it seems like walk-ins are fine as well at least during the week.  It is a "blink and you'll miss it" kind of an entrance, though, but once I walked inside was pleasantly surprised by the serene atmosphere and the sounds of fountains and soft music.   After checking in with reception was ushered by my pedicurist to the pedicure / manicure room.  She patiently waited as I removed all my winter layers and looked over their pretty extensive polish choices (Essie and Zoya options). The pedicure itself was great - $39 for over an hour of pampering.  They use new nail files for each patron (you can bring them back and save $2 off your subsequent pedis) and all of the tools were very clean.  It was only me in the room for most of my pedicure and I was able to relax and enjoy the treatment in peace.  She used multiple scrubs (though they have a no razor policy), callus removers, and gave me a thorough 5 minute per foot massage before applying polish.  Slipping on complementary flip flops (the cheap ones, but still, free!) she applied the polish meticulously and I was thrilled with my happily smooth and prettified feet! Haven has free wifi (which is great) and iPads for use as well as traditional magazines so I was definitely entertained the entire time.  The only negative is that the pedicure station itself is a bench with pillows but after the first 30 minutes I found my back was getting a little uncomfortable and I wished they had individual chairs.  The basins for the pedicures don't have whirlpools, either, which didn't bother me but might for others.  Bonus points for being able to pay for the tip with my credit card!
I have and always will love Haven.  I have gotten several Brazilians there, and every time they have been fabulous.  Marta is like a ninja, quick and professional, she gets the job done.  Of course it hurts but it's not unbearable.   I also recently got a mani pedi for my birthday, which was also wonderful.  The mini massages are a perfect touch.  I recommend haven to anyone.
Beautiful venue!
Laying flat on the cushioned table, nothing on from the waste down, one knee propped up against the wall, bracing for the eminent but fast-fading pain of hair being ripped from its root in a, shall we say sensitive area, I ruminate on, for the umpteenth time in this position, the lengths that women go to for beauty. Present company included. It's not easy, cheap or painless to keep a gal in tiptop shape, but a Yelp deal opened the door to the closest you can get to the aforementioned adjectives in relation to your beauty regimen. Two for one makes it fairly inexpensive, booking an appointment is a pleasantly swift process and, though there will always be an ouch or two when it comes to a Brazilian, make sure to see Stalina and she'll have you in and out in under 15 minutes! Now that I've redeemed both my Yelp deals, I will become a regularly paying client at Haven. For $45 (I was paying $65 at Shobha Midtown), I get s super-quick, vastly thorough Brazilian performed by a friendly, sweet woman who refused to let me leave without nabbing every last hair. I book my appointments in advance (4 weeks) and look forward to receiving complimentary services for these pre-booked appointments.
Years ago, when working in lower Manhattan, I visited Haven for manicures & pedicures. But then came the change in jobs, the change in neighborhoods. Time past. When a Yelp Deal for two for one lady-parts waxing came up, I jumped at the chance to return to a safe Haven. During my most recent visit, I had an appointment with Stalina. She encouraged me to sync my in/exhalations with the application & removal of the wax. The coping technique worked. The session was speedy & the discomfort, post hair removal, seemed lessened. Selecting the sensitive skin wax means paying a little more, but I do experience sensitivity to wax at times, and why not be gentle with your delicate bits?   Haven is charmingly appointed, the staff is courteous & friendly. I find myself wanting to come back. Which is what I will be doing - Haven & I have been reunited. And it feels so good.
Love the services. Had Marcela for a treatment before -Clarify M.E. A quick facial. It was awesome. This time had Scrub M.E. a body scrub. Also awesome. Highly recommend. But definitely not for the shy. She basically bathes you. Very relaxing. It's like being a child again.
Grumble grumble grumble. Alright Haven, you've finally won me over. It took awhile because I miss my super awesome waxing lady (Margy) back in LA. Monique, you totally get that I don't want tiny non-existent eyebrows. You know exactly how I like my Brazilians done. Thus, you've changed my mind about Haven and I'll continue coming here for my monthly waxes. Oh and the deep tissue massages here are pretty damn good. I rewarded myself with one this past weekend and I am SO happy I did after a roughhh week. I left feeling completely relaxed and ready to take on the world!
Being a massage whore (as I am so plainly referred to by my partner and friends), my partner got me a massage from a special on gilty city for my birthday for Haven. Of course, I looked at the reviews on yelp before I went and was surprised that I don't think there are even any reviews about massages...Well, maybe that will make me the first. The place is in a great location right in Soho, though when you first see the sign, you wonder where it is leading, as it is basically a basement storefront. I was lead back through some doors in the back to a locker room (co-ed changing room, though you could use the private bathrooms, which even have showers). They give you a locker and a robe. Then you come out into a little waiting area (dimly-lit and already setting the mood), where there are some healthy snacks and water sitting on the table. I was only there a few minutes waiting before Lara called my name. She was this sweet russian (I think) lady who asked me a few questions (like problem areas, etc..). Then we went into the room and it began... I had told her that my shoulder was hurting just a little, so she had concentrated more on my back. After a while, I was actually starting to think that she was only going to do my back, but I was wrong, and the massage was wonderful. Her strong hands were great therapy on my back (and all of my other muscles and joints) and I think that was the first massage that I had where I actually did feel like I had gotten some kind of therapy and not just an hour of relaxation. She told me to get plenty of water afterwards.... At the front, I booked another one with Lara...can't wait to go back!
***UPDATE*** 6/3/08 Decided that despite the hiccup I experienced on my last visit there, I needed to give Haven another chance. This time, I had an appointment with the real Mariola (the last visit was with someone else I mistook for Mariola). She was professional, friendly, extremely deft and skilled at bikini waxing and is THE.BEST.EVER. Obviously there is no such thing as painless waxing but this comes close to it. Her immediate results will probably be the driving factor for my devoted loyalty. Yet again, my skin was calm and not in the least bit irritated. Because I'm a rational person, (and that their results are so consistent) I'm willing to put our past behind us and start all over again with Haven. **************************************************­************************** 3.5 stars Dropped by at Haven a couple of months ago for a brazilian (there's a good story about this, so hang in there) with Mariola. The entrance is very nondescript and easily missed if you're not careful. I thought the spa was a little on the small side, with the supposed-comfy waiting area just a built in cushioned bench against the wall. There was nothing comfy about that! The waxing experience & result is why I gave Haven 3.5 stars. I opted for the regular honey wax and thought it did the job well while being relatively painless. Mariola was lightning-fast, but I disliked that she was hard-selling me on a new mineral powder throughout the entire time. While I loved the waxing job, I DID NOT love that only at the counter when I was paying, that I was told a full brazilian wax at Haven is actually called the Sphynx and that it costs $52 instead of $40 (for their version of Brazilian) as listed on their price list. Isn't a brazilian the international lingo for 'bare' at all spa's & waxing parlors?!! I know this because I've been waxed in Canada, Singapore, Malaysia & Spain...and everyone's definition of a brazilian is consistent with my understanding. Somehow, someone should have definitely clarified with me either when I was making the appointment or when I was BEING WAXED! So in the end, I dropped $64 for the 'sphynx' inclusive of tax & tip. While the difference came to only about $10, I wasn't as happy as I could've been walking out, because I absolutely loathe being duped. If not for that, I would've given Haven 5 stars because my skin was perfect and not at all sore or irritated (if you've had a bad wax job you'll understand).
Brazilian wax review: Hmmm....so this is a tough one for me.  My regular, fave, wax technician (?) was out on vaycay, and since I was in Soho for the evening and due for a wax , I called Haven and they had a last-minute opening with Mariola. On the good side of this, Mariola is really nice, clearly experienced, and does a quick job.  This was probably the least painful brazilian I've had anywhere.  She has some interesting positioning preferences (everyone seems to do it a little differently), but it's all fine, and she got to all the necessary places (*ahem*).  And let me repeat, this was seriously quite painless in comparison to the hack job some places do.  I mean, there was no sting whatsoever, even 20 minutes afterwards. Now, the bad news.  Although there was no stinging or irritation, I noticed upon inspection later on, that a good 50% of the hairs were ripped/broken at the skin level, rather than pulled from the root.  I will be totally stubbly in like a day.  I'm not sure why this happened - I get waxes often, at a few different places, and although there are always some hairs that wind up broken, it's usually minimal. Her technique seemed good, no extraneous pulling of skin or pain, and yet...there's no point if I just have to do this again in a week.  I may have to blame it on their wax?  BTW, I went with the "regular" wax.  no idea if this would have turned out differently with the "sensitive" formulation. At $41, this was a relative steal, provided that it actually works out for you.
I've been to Haven at least five times for about five different services. All experiences have been great. Everyone is really friendly and professional, the wait is never long if you have an appointment, and the prices are really reasonable. That being said, you must know this is a no-frills kinda place. I've wondered how people could possibly have a bad experience here (well, except for the waxing thing, I get that). Then I witnessed a client about to get a facial who threw a hissy fit because she didn't get a robe to go with her service. If you're ok not getting naked for things you don't need getting naked for... you should be happy here. You wouldn't ask for foot slippers after only getting a manicure, would you? Fortunately for me, both waxing visits were fine. Marta is quick, gentle, and she knows what she's doing. The mani/pedi room is too bright and clinical-looking, but I guess they have to see what they're doing, right? Massages and facials are standard, nothing insanely good about them but they're affordable and they do the trick.
I am truly disappointed.  After reading so many great reviews about their facials, I decided to go and give it a try.  I had someone new - her name is Christina.  She is very nice and the other workers were all nice however, my face came out a lot worse than before I went in for the remedy facial.   After I was done, my face was red, splotchy and beyond irritated.  My face was full of bumps from the way she kept pushing at my skin to clear it and by doing so, just made it much worse.  She did not use the extractor to get out all the blemishes, she just pushed at my skin, trying to pinch out all the blemishes (this is NOT what I paid for - I could do that to myself at home!).  In addition to that, she used to needle all over my face, and now I have red spots that haven't gone away. Usually at the end of the facial, the person will give you a mirror to take a look and see how good the job was done.  Christina did not do that.  Now I know why. No words can describe my unhappiness and disappointment.
There are so few truly zen places in noisy New York. Haven is one such place. Not only is it quiet and relaxing, it's the most democratic spa I've ever visited. Everyone is a VIP and all of the staff are consummate professionals. Massage, facials, waxing, manicures, and pedicures are all superb. The products used are top-notch (Yon-Ka, Janet Sartin) and while the staff recommend products, they eschew the hard sell that is found in most establishments. Every year I treat myself to a half day here and I am able to hang on to the bliss for the better part of a week. Now if only I could find a job that gives me that...
I was in search of a good brazilian and the reviews here were good, so I thought I'd try. First, I called at 4:45 and was able to get a 6:15 appt (nice). Then, I got there and she took me at 6:10. I was out by 6:17, NO LIE. Olga was awesome. It was beyond quick and it was the least painful wax that I have ever had (maybe because i didn't have time to register pain). Some tips for first time waxers down there: 1. Take an Advil, Motrin, or Excedrin about 20 min before to reduce the pain 2. Neosporin after helps with any soreness and prevents ingrowns
Completely disappointed with 90 minutes massage, which has increased in price to $150 (before +tax, + tip) No table warmer. Room, oil and therapists hands were freezing the entire time. No music. Had to listen to loud fan for 90 minutes which was not relaxing at all. Therapist: horrible. I told her the areas of concern (neck and sciatica) but also said my legs are the part I want focused on because they really hurt. She only heard what she wanted to hear. She beat the snot out of my arms and back but left the rest of my body to wither in the cold. I got a once-over with oil on my hands, feet, legs and arms (meaning she just covered me in oil but didn't do any actual work.). She didn't even do a scalp massage for more than 5 minutes. I've had plenty of 90 minutes massages (including two at Haven in the past) and fully aware that when I ask for a full body massage, it means ALL OF MY LIMBS, not just what the therapist decides to work on. She said she was a therapist for seven years. I have no idea where she learned to give such a poor massage. I wont go back especially since the price is much too high for a bad massage. The space looks nice but the new paint isn't going to help my stiff hamstrings feel better. I left annoyed because now I have to go get another massage elsewhere to get done what I expected to e done in my 90 minute massage this week. I've learned from Haven that "inconsistency" is what they are good at.
I've been coming here for the past 10 years or so and I have zero complaints. It's always been clean and staff is friendly. You grow to trust your beautician if you come regularly. Somehow I also get suckered into buying the products here, but those work pretty nicely as well.
Manager here ---starts with a B....she's a freaking BI***!  She gets on my nerves! Okay here's the scoop a loop: I might spelled their names wrong but whatever Mariola - go to her for waxes!  She's the best Electrolysis - Yasmin Facials -crapola forget her name but she's a short Russian lady with Reddish Brown here.   There's two other ladies there but I am really bad with names so I can't remember - but either way-----good place!
Okay, here's my deal with Haven Spa, PRO - When i called and asked for directions, the receptionist was pretty thorough.   I told her I wanted a bikini wax, but I wasn't sure which one. She explained to me each different type well and was very patient. Service: Basic Brazilian wax. CON - . I was buzzed in and when I opened the door I almost fell down the long, intense staircase going down into the lobby. I did not expect it and I felt more than a little awkward looking down upon these receptionists who were all staring up at me with blank expressions on their face. PRO: When I reached the bottom, the calm music and atmosphere put me more at ease.  I explained my situation to the front desk and they took my name and told me to wait a bit. I didn't wait more than three minutes before  my wax-er walked into the lobby and called my name. CON - THe doors. I had read reviews about this place before I went about how loud the doors were. I figured people were being dramatic... but... no... the door slamming completely takes you out of the mood. PRO - Hydro Cortizone. CON -  The room looked a little hospital like. There wasn't anything particularly relaxing about it. When she closed the door she began setting up the equipment and told me to undress. I mentioned this was my first time having a bikini wax and I was a little nervous. She was quick with her response of "It's fine. Sit on the bed." She was nice, just didn't have a lot to say about my "fears". PRO - . It was an extremely quick procedure. She knew exactly what she was doing and the amount of pain was completely normal. She even taught me a good breathing exercise to help me get through it all right. CON - When I reviewed the check I noticed that I had been charged for the gourmet waxing, but I didn't ask for it specifically because it was the more expensive wax. I learned that they decided to use the gourmet wax due to my sensitivity level, however... it would have been nice to have been informed. OVERALL - 2 out of 5 Service - 3 out of 5 Product - 3 out of 5 - i was somewhat satisfied. environment - 1 out of 5 - I'm harsh on this because it's a spa, people. Haven - 2 out of 5
I read about Haven a while back, it has great reviews, including here on Yelp.  So I went to them instead of going to Bliss on Saturday. I didn't enjoy my experience because this was more like a regular salon, not a spa.  It wasn't relaxing.  Everything felt fast paced and rushed.   First off, when you call to make an appointment, make sure you tell them exactly which services you want.  If you don't, they will book you for the fastest, cheapest service.  So if you want a Brazilian, tell them which wax you want.  If you want a pedicure, tell them exactly which pedicure.  They won't ask. The employees are friendly, but time constraints are mentioned a lot, they seem rushed, I didn't like that.  They must pack as many people into a day as they can. So I got to the 'spa' and I find out I can't do the hard wax because it takes 30 minutes and I was set up for a regular 15 minute honey wax.  It turned out okay, not perfect, there are still hairs left. Then I went for my pedicure, I wanted the European pedicure but the technician told me it wasn't possible cause of the time, I had been booked for a mini pedi.  I should have just cancelled right then, I was annoyed.  But I did it anyway.  It was well done, afterwards they take you to a room to sit and let your nails air dry, no fan.  No one told me how long I should wait nor did they come back to check if I was done.  So I waited about ten minutes and left, both of my big toes got messed up. Honestly, I just paid more for basically the same service I would get at one of the cheaper spots I go to.  I won't go back.  I'm glad I didn't book a massage like I originally intended, they probably would've rushed that too. Waste of money, if you want to relax, pay a little more and go elsewhere.
I signed up me and a friend for a special promotion -- facial and mani/pedi for $99 instead of $125. My facial was OK. The aesthetician didn't ask anything about my  dry and sensitive skin, and a couple of things she used did sting. No upselling (the other aesthetician tried to upsell my friend during her facial). Our pedis went OK. The treatment was fine (though as an aside, I think the "hot cocoa" idea is not a great one, as you are dipping your hands and feet in dirty-looking brown water... ugh). After my friend's pedi finished, her aesthetician got up and ran out of the room saying she wasn't feeling well. After maybe 10 minutes, she came back in having changed into a t-shirt reading "Let's Get This Over With." (I am NOT making this up!) We were really concerned, started asking whether she shouldn't go home... maybe she had thrown up, maybe the flu? This was not cool. She took her seat and said she was going through with the manicure. Again, my friend expressed concern and began *apologizing* that the woman had to keep working while not feeling well. The aesthetician said that she had gas and was going to go to the hospital once she finished the manicure. WHAT!?!? My friend kept protesting, all to no avail. Aesthetician seemed fine but professed that she would go to the hospital after finishing. My friend and I were so concerned that we were practically offering to take her to the hospital ourselves, asking about her insurance status, etc. In the meantime, MY aesthetician finished my mani and simply got up and left! When we were finally done we headed to the locker room. The cleaning staff were in there and had cleaned out the trash cans and mopped. I'd brought my friend a cupcake at the outset of the day as a little gift. She ate it right that moment, threw away the wrapper and went to grab a cup of water. Back in the locker room she found one staffer clutching the cupcake wrapper (out of the trash) and CURSING with her co-worker about the client who had dared to throw something in her clean trash can! I kid you not! We fetched our own coats from the closet. In the lobby, a manager was loudly chewing out a staffer who had done something wrong with the cash registers; "this is REALLY IMPORTANT because NOW I HAVE TO REOPEN BOTH CASH DRAWERS" she said about 10 times. Nice for that woman to be yelled at in front of about 5 people. The treatments themselves were basically fine, but Haven failed miserably at creating the relaxing/serene environment you go to a spa for. Unfortunately, I will not be back.
The service and friendliness is great at Haven. The waxing...I could have shaved and got a better result. I went for a Brazilian (first time) so had no idea what to expect. The lady was very nice and fast but this was due to her breaking the hairs not waxing them out. After the first wax I asked if they could fit me in for a 1/2 leg wax. It was not a problem but this to was done at lighting speed. Two days later I could feel stubble. Four days later for the bikini area. $68 + $10 tip for essentially a shave. As nice as you are ladies I will have to find somewhere that can Wax properly. Very disappointed.
I had a Yelp deal like so many others for a Brazilian wax and if it hadn't been such a steal I doubt I would have ventured all the way to Soho for a wax. I've been waxed by them all (J. Sisters, Completely Bare, Bliss, etc) so I feel I can give a fair review here. The waxing room was quite bright and small -- nicer than the J. Sisters "rooms" (which are merely tables with curtain walls) but not as relaxing or comfy as the treatment rooms at Bliss. The price per wax using the Yelp deal was $27 for a Brazilian and that's about all this wax was worth. The technician was very nice but this is a place for efficient, not thorough, waxes. She was very quick, which was appreciated (although she told me I have a very high threshold for pain so I may be an outlier), but there was no hunting for stray hairs with tweezers, or application of after wax cream. EDITED TO ADD: I took one star away because I broke out immediately following this service --- something that has never happened to me at other salons --- the result of waxing too quickly and breaking the hairs (instead of pulling them out by the root) and "double dipping" aka using the same wax applicator over and over again on the area and dipping it back into the wax pot which can spread bacteria and lead to infection. Even though I still have one more yelp credit left I will not be returning to this place.
I bought a coupon via living social for a Remedy facial which was half the price, I made my appointment online and went in on a quiet Saturday morning. I can't remember my facial lady's name but she was amazing, she did extractions, massaged my face and was all around awesome, my face still looks good a few weeks later. The reason for the 4 stars was the usual, I asked what kind of moisturizer I should use on my face and she suggested she could mix some. I said I didn't know and she was like well you are getting such a deal on the facial you should buy the moisturizer... Well yes, maybe I should but that would defeat the purpose of the cheap facial? I would def go back again and pay full price.
My esthetician in Seattle (Naomi at High Maintenance) recommended that I make this my new place when I moved here.  If you trust a person enough to wax your nether regions you can trust them with a reference. I have been going to see Monique exclusively for nearly 3 years.  It is never impossible to get an appointment. She is charming, efficient, honest and professional. I mostly get waxing done here but both my husband and I have had massages here that were quite superb.   Its good to get a reference but even better when it becomes a reliable resource.
I was going to Boom Boom Brow Bar for my eyebrow wax until I moved to Soho. I didn't want to make the trip all the way to 11th street and 7th avenue, so I began searching for a new place on Yelp. I came across Haven (about 7 minutes away via walking), and I decided to check it out. I liked being able to book the appointment online and have them either call or e-mail me with a time. When  I arrived there, they buzz you in at the door when they see you. The atmosphere is really calming and the receptionists are extremely warm and friendly. The wait time was less than 5 minutes until a brown technician came to get me. I was taken to a private room and laid down for the wax. She was incredibly sweet yet fierce - in a good way. She got the job done and told me she saw hairs she needed to "annihilate." The price was $19; a dollar less than Boom Boom unless you book online, BUT you HAVE to remind them or you may get charged! When I checked out, I paid quickly and told me to have a great day. My eyebrows lasted longer than usual and they were easy to manage during the time in between waxes. I went back this morning and had Hanna again; she is seriously wonderful! She really tries hard to give you exactly what you want - she even puts concealer on your skin if you have too much redness and are going about your day. Even though Boom Boom does an excellent job as well, I will definitely be staying at Haven!
Haven was an excellent spa experience for me!  I had researched a few places for a friend's husband because he was treating her.  When I came across Haven I knew I found a good place.  So today we went in for treatments and we were very pleased with the results. I started with a pedicure.  There was a wide selection of nail polish colors and brands to choose from.  I sat back and relaxed on an ipad Haven has available for use.  The pedicure was pretty good.  The only thing that kind of bugged me was the amount of conversation between the two nail technicians.  If you're at a spa, you want to be totally relaxed.  Fortunately the other tech finished early and left the room so the talking stopped.   For my next  service I had a full body scrub.  One of the best ever!  I've been other places that didn't do it nearly as good!  Very good work from Tina who was super friendly and told me that I was funny when I mentioned my ticklishness (is that even a word?)  She was very diligent about her work.  I would definitely use her when I go back.   A few things I wish were a little better: 1-I wish the locker areas weren't coed.  You have the option to change in the bathroom but it's still a little unsettling to walk out of the bathroom and see a man in a locker area. 2-The common areas could have been a little cooler.  It was a hot day.  A little more air would have been great.   3-The hook was missing in my locker.  I managed to stuff my pocketbook at the top but I would have preferred to hang my dress and not fold it. Overall it was a great experience.  The drawbacks in no way exceeded the positive parts of the experience.   After I paid for my services, I received a gift bag for being a first time customer.  Inside there was a coupon for $10 and about 4-5 samples to try. I thought that was a nice touch.  Very thoughtful.  Haven, I will be back!
I've been going to Haven Spa for a little over a year now, and never had a bad experience.  I've had a massage, a facial and a bikini wax.  The massage and facial were good, but my review is really centered around the bikini wax. I've been going to Stalina for my bikini waxes once a month for a year and she is freaking amazing!  I never thought that I could have a painless bikini wax, but Stalina takes most of the pain out of the process. With her technique and the hard wax (which I recommend), the process is really quick and easy.  I hate to give her such a good review because I don't want it to be any harder to make an appointment with her, but she is really fantastic and deserves it!
In my quest to find cheap (ie., under $25) bikini waxes within walking distance of my apartment, I landed upon Haven. So, while I cannot comment on other services here, I can comment on how the waxing experience was for me. It was great! Stalina did my bikini wax in expert, professional time and manner. She explained everything that needed explaining, asked me questions about my previous waxing experience, skin sensitivity, etc. She was friendly but not in a phony-I-want-a-good-tip way. She's been there since the place opened 12 years ago and loves working there. She also gave me a tour of the facilities after my wax, so I got to see the depths of Haven's haven-ness. They have several massage areas, waxing areas, and mani-pedi stations... all with lovely, stony and cushy decor. Soft (read: NOT cheesy) music. I thought the receptionists were polite and warm. Generally, a winner so far. While their regular bikini waxes are on the cheap side ($19), other things are not, so be warned. It's a typical SoHo salon, so expect SoHo prices. Not outrageous, mind you ($38 for a pedicure, for example). You can check out all their services online and decide for yourself.
Friend's Girl: It is so nice to meet his SF buddy! Me: You too! We should get brunch! Friend's Girl: Totally!! How about tomorrow morning? Me: 11? Oh wait...I can't. I have an appointment! Friend's Girl: Uh. In New York? Wait, you're from SF... Me: Mani-pedi appointment. Friend's Girl: Uh. You made an appointment from San Francisco? Yes, I made a mani-pedi appointment from San Francisco. Don't judge. I like to pretend I live the New York life and have grand Soho adventures. I'm not a fan of paying thirty some for a mani, but the forty some pedicure is definitely worth it. I have never, ever had such a thorough pedi. Gabby put a serious dent in my heels, destroyed by months of death by heels.
marta at haven, ask for her for a quick, cheap bikini wax. I had the best bikini wax ever!  Quick (therefore not too painful), easy, did i mention quick!  Ask for Marta!  She was friendly, tried to be distracting which i appreciated, and had good customer service skills.  she even tweezed the remaining small hairs and removed some ingrowns that others had left in.  extra attention to detail that i didn't even ask for - again much appreciated!  all for a mere $19.
Disappointed with the overall experience at Haven. After some research, I choose Haven Spa to celebrate my friends birthday. The lobby was nice and the best feature of the spa. There was no tea. Maybe there was an orange slice in the water? There was some tasty granola cut into squares but with no tongs. Multiple people touched and dropped pieces in the container so after sampling a chunk, I left it alone. The locker room is unisex with only two restroom/showers. They were clean and had heated toilet seats with bidet and other features. The lockers are old and the first I tried didn't work. There its no steam room, sauna, or hydrotherapy tubs. The treatment room was clean but no music or dimmed lights. I choose the hot stone massage because the therapist was absent to perform the treatment I originally chose. Would have been nice to know in advance. I've had hot stone and many other treatments before with few complaints. My therapists sense of temperature and pressure are apparently way off. The stones were too hot so everytime one was placed on me I jumped and was even told that I did choose hot stone and they were going to be hot. I was even asked why I choose hot stone therapy.The therapist had a hard time handling the stones and they kept slipping and falling. The appt was spent with me saying too hot, or too hard our ouch. Therapist want sure what kind of oil was being used when I asked. The therapist had big hands and was very heavy handed. I was sore by the end of the appt. So much so that I considered going someplace else afterwards to get the kinks worked out. Next day i saw a large bruise on my thigh and a knot. I'm not sure if it was the extreme pressure or the hot stones or both. The discoloration and knot is almost gone now.  Relaxing experience it was not. My friend said that she enjoyed her second massage ever so I'm glad she enjoyed hers.  Perhaps I'll stick to hotel spas in NYC from now on. If the therapist was better I would have given 3 stars.
Saw Mariola for a last minute wax.  She was wonderful--extremely professional and made me feel immediately comfortable.  Highly recommended.  (Oh, and by last minute, I mean effectively a walk-in.)  Their prices are on their website, but I was very surprised at how reasonable they are. $37 for a full leg wax, which is comparable with the Aveda training salon, but here you get someone with 10 years of experience. Front desk staff was friendly and accommodating.
I'm crazy picky about my eyebrows, and whenever I find myself in a new city for a long period of time, I get anxious.  Who will wax my eyebrows to my liking?  I'm a picky person AND my eyebrows are a little crazy (i.e. NOT identical to each other).  Trouble nearly always ensues.  But on top of that, most wax technicians just don't seem to believe me when I say I want thick, arched brows.  New technician = Cruella de Ville eyebrows. I booked an appointment with Monique after reading a favorable review on Yelp! and was not disappointed.  My eyebrows came out a little thinner than I would have liked, but this wasn't her fault: they were incompletely and unevenly grown out, partly due to my own plucking over the course of a month and a half, and so she had to take off more than I usually prefer.  But she did so only after she offered to continue working on them if I came back after a week of letting one eyebrow grow a bit more.  I said I'd probably be too busy, and asked her to go ahead and remove a bit more. The result: fairly thick, well-arched brows.  Monique spent a lot of time on them, using wax, scissors and a tweezer to sculpt them into shape.  I was really impressed by her efforts and how strikingly not-painful the wax was.  Added bonus: a lengthy conversation on whether or not Angelina Jolie's eyebrows were real or (as Monique confided) tattooed onto her face. Monique, I love you, and if I lived in NY, you'd be the one.
I've been to a lot of spas in NY and Haven is my favorite spot for facials, mainly because of Mariola. She is by far the best, most thorough aesthetician in Manhattan. Keep in mind, the reason why I get facials is for skin cleaning. I don't do micro-dermabrasion or peels or oxygen facials anything like that. Mariola is great for deep cleansing - she is extremely thorough and you can tell that she gets satisfaction in extractions. I've also gotten waxes here and again, Mariola is great. She's very thorough and spends the time and energy to get every last hair out. I would recommend her to anyone. I can't speak to the quality of the other services, but it seems like there's always someone getting a mani/pedi when I go. The service is pretty good although they do sometimes try to push products on you. But they're good about backing off once you express that you're not interested. Summary: Any service with mariola is worth your dollar
Four stars for the Brazilian wax from Rena! She was super quick, precise, and really nice, which made for the best Brazilian wax I've ever had. I've had experiences where the technician was skilled, but really rude ("Wow, looks like it's been a while, huh?") or poorly skilled, which is just the pits. Rena is really great and I highly recommend her. Left off one star because the waxing room looked like a public bathroom. It wasn't gross or anything - it was actually very clean, but for the price, I'd rather be in a spa room where it's more relaxing.
Been going here for close to three years even though I live in the Inwood area of Manhattan, which is a trek. Although they are a little pricey, the relaxing atmosphere, professional service and long-lasting manicure and pedicure are so worth it. Fahmida and Marianna do an incredible manicure/pedicure. My one little complaint is they have no caffeinated beverages, but I guess they're trying to make me a healthier person. Love them!
I stumbled in here on a cold day in January as I was an hour early for my yoga class that is nearby. As soon as I walked in, I felt more relaxed. It was like finding an oasis. I figured I would try getting my nails done, but doubted that they would have an appointment available. Well, I had to wait a bit, but they did get me a spot for that afternoon. I really enjoyed my manicure and have continued going there. I really love the whole nail file return system they have - it makes me feel really sanitary and you get to save some money. I've also had really great pedicures here. Since I've always been so pleased with their services, I ended getting a massage here, which was also really great. They are known for their waxing, so I gave that a try too, and really liked it. Overall, I've never been less than satisfied here and would recommend it to anyone.
I can't say enough about Haven. I've been going there for years and the service is always great. You walk in and there's an overall quiet and relaxing feel. I've had a manicure there, but the main thing I go for is a wax. I used to work nearby which was sooo convenient, but even though I don't live or work nearby anymore, I wouldn't go anywhere else. Whether it's eyebrow, bikini, legs, whatever, they are fast and thorough. I know someone commented below that after her wax they didn't take out tweezers or apply cream, but in my experience they always make any necessary touch-ups and always apply cream. I've been to a few different waxers at Haven and they've all bee good, but for the past few years I always go to Mariola, b/c she rocks! I definitely recommend this place and have referred many friends and co-workers.
Came here for a Yelp deal. My esthetician was great and I really enjoyed my waxing experience. No Pain! the only downside was that I had to wait for 30 minutes to get accommodated. The place is nice and hidden -a bit small though with just rooms right across each other. If I'm around the area, I would definitely go back to this place. I'm giving 3 stars for the good service but the long wait was a bit annoying even after making the appointment several days ahead.
I love this place I only do the waxing, but I have done my feet here once and they did a good job, and my feet felt good :)   (but it's still way to much money for me getting a pediure here) All of the workers for waxing are experienced, I've been coming to this place for 5years. I personally love Reba and ludmilla, but they all know what they are doing. They all help you relax if it's your first time or even like me i still get nervous and I've been waxing for a long time. I skimmed through reviews of people with bad waxing experiences, it's probably cause that person is VERY SENSITIVE. Let the lady who's waxing you know, trust me she'll calm you down, it doesn't help her much, when your dumb blonde butt is fidgeting on the table. So don't give a bad review when it's you, not them.
There are certain things you have to set up right away when you move.  Waxing is at the top of the list.  No need to get things get out of control! The service was friendly, quick and to the point.  I thought the room could have felt like like my dentist's office though.   I was very pleased when I paid my bill and found it to be $30 less than I paid in Chicago!  Wait....I'm sorry, is something CHEAPER in NY???
I think I have to start with an apology... Stark Waxing Studio, I'm so sorry for cheating on you. My schedule was just too tight and I had to find a place that was open longer! I'm a huge fan of the hard wax, and since my go-to place is only open while I'm in rehearsal I had to find an alternative. Yelp guided me to Haven and after looking at the reviews and their website I had to give it a try. Very cute inside. Smells good, feels comfortable, music is pleasant. I checked in early and was taken back to my room within a few minutes. The rooms... could take a lesson from the lobby. I kind of had the feeling that I was going to my obgyn instead of getting a wax. And it would be nice to have a small towel or something to cover up before the service starts so I'm not worried that someone else will walk by and catch a peek at my goods when the esthetician comes in the room... Onto the service. My esthetician, Ruta, was lovely. She was quick and thorough, I think I was out of there in about 20 minutes. Not much chit chat, she just got right to business. Normally the price for a full brazilian with the hard wax is $69, but since it was my first time there it was only $45! AND they gave me a $5 gift card and some samples of stuff. That's a-ok with me :) Next time I'm in the city and I can't get in at Stark, I will definitely come back to Haven.
Today was the best day of my life... because I spent my afternoon at Haven Well the day I... nope I right now can not think of a better day. Maybe I can not think, because my mind is in a fog of luxury... I got a facial (chuckle chuckle) Monique gave me a whole new way to care for my skin, I have really dry skin where I put lotion on all day everyday and she gave me advice. I am bringing my oily skinned sister for her bday in a few weeks... shhh don't tell her.
I went there for eyebrow waxing and the aesthetician who did my brows (Nellie) spent most of the time obsessing over what must have been a few stray hairs. It felt like she was applying a small amount of wax but she tweezed and pulled for a good while, so I thought my brows were going to be perfect. When I looked in the mirror that she proudly handed me, I was surprised that my brows still had no arch, no shape, and no definition. I asked her to make them thinner and she outright refused, saying "We have another customer waiting." I went to Shobha the following day, and left feeling like a movie star. Haven is long behind me and my Hollywood brows.
Great little haven (yes, I went there) amidst the bustle of Nolita. Stopped in off the street looking for a pedicure - they fit me in for an express 30 minute, which was exactly what I needed (and had time for).  Technician was quick, efficient, and the space felt calming and quiet.  I'll definitely look to return if I'm in the area. Oh, and they have iPads for you to use while you're getting your pedicure - best. idea. ever.
Through a Yelp deal, I found this place.  I had gone to their sister spa, Eve, previously through another deal. Very nice ambiance inside.  The waxing rooms looked like half of a doctor's office, but I didn't mind.  My aesthetician (Tina I think it was for both times) used a wax for sensitive skin and I thought she was thorough.  I've been to a different salon more recently and noticed that the the new salon was a bit cleaner in pulling hairs out completely so that they didn't grown back as quickly. Don't think I'd go back at full price.
I've been here for brief waxing services (nothing very complicated). I really like Haven. The ladies at the reception desk are always really nice and accommodating. (I don't know all their names yet, but one of them is named Angie and she is always really helpful) For waxing, I haven't always noted who I've had either, but last time I was there, it was Mariola and she was really nice and did a good job.
If you're looking to get waxing services done, insist on having Hanna as your waxer. She's the only one I would trust in this establishment.  She's very kind and sweet.  If I knew what brand of cigarettes she smokes I would offer her a new box if I could.   My rating is a little complicated.  I love Hanna but I don't like the establishment so much. Some of the concerns from other reviewers are correct in that they do treat their clients like they're moving along an assembly line.  I have had the time constraint pushed onto me before by another aesthetician and that is why I chose to look for options elsewhere.  If I was in dire need and had the extra cash I would def. come back just for Hanna.   FYI:  Don't make the make the mistake of saying "thank you" in Russian like I did.  It turns out she's actually from Poland!  lol
I am definitely a regular there. Its nicely set up -  zen like decor, dimly lit areas and peace & quiet (that's key for a spa treatment) The specialist are all very professional and courteous. It's not a crazy as some other spas i've been to (Elizabeth Arden, Estee Lauder, Bliss) cuz it's not as well known.  Everytime I am at Estee Lauder, I feel like I'm in Grand Central Station...they truly lack customer service.
The whole place is so peaceful its amazing.  The reception ladies were very accomodating and nice when I needed to reschedule my appointment more than once.  However, for my wax man...I was in for the suprise. M was very nice, very funny and she took breaks allowing me to recover.  However, she seemed to not...be doing the best job. She repeatedly went over the same areas over and over again making me wince and jump, even though I am no new comer to this process.  At the end, I was sore, there all the hair was not even gone and worse...bleeding. I bought a yelp deal and purchased 4 waxes so unfortunately, I will be going back at least 3 more times.  Maybe I'll have better luck with another person.
I absolutely LOVE this place...without a doubt one of the nicest, prettiest, cleanest spas in NYC that I've been to! I've been here a few times and each time I walk out smiling and content beyond reason with the wonderful service provided here! From the get-go you are treated like a queen...lemon water...fruits and healthy snacks are for the taking in the lounge where comfy pillows call your name! Once you've picked out a color (BTW, they carry ZOYA - win!!) you are escorted by your tech to the nail room...Pedicure chairs are actually not chairs...it's a long bench with pillows and super comfy...and here's the kicker..each seat has it's own iPad for your use! Great techniques and flawless execution for both manis and pedis..they use amazing products and are very gentle (even with the foot scrub that usually sends me into a tickled frenzy)! On an even plus-ier note, this last visit the two girls I went with read about some spiced chai latte you get complimentary when you get the chai wax...of course we all wanted the chai and asked if it was possible to order the chai (we were willing to pay for it)...and the amazing girls at Haven just brought it out to us, no charge! We hung out in the lounge for at least 15 minutes without being rushed out or given the side eye for loitering...which was definitely appreciated :) They also have a great collection of beauty products for sale in the front and are knowledgeable on each product...you can't go wrong! I'm lucky to work near here and will absolutely make Haven my go to spot for mani/pedis and more! FYI: Ari and Fehmida are awesome!
I came here to treat myself on my birthday, but I probably should have just stayed home. I booked the 80 min in Haven facial (first facial I ever had, I thought this would be a good one to try since it combines a lo of techniques and includes eye treatment) and a manicure and pedicure. Upon entering the spa I was completely ignored. The receptionist was talking to another client who was considering a purchase. The receptionist did not even acknowledge my existence until she had that woman's credit card in her hand. The waiting area and locker room once in the spa are very nice and clean, but it is pretty no-frills, no one will ask if you would like a cup of tea or a glass of water, but it is self serve if you'd like it. My facialist led me into the room which was pretty clinical looking, told me to undress, and gave me a stretchy towel contraption she told me to put on with no further instruction. I had no idea what to do so I put the thing on like the bib you get when you get a hair cut. When she came back in I asked her if I put it on correctly and she said yes, but then took it off of me leaving me naked on the table and feeling really uncomfortable. She then maneuvered around my breasts to put the towel thing back on. That was awkward. I've never gotten a facial before so I have nothing to compare it to, so I am going to assume that my facialist's technique was pretty good. Everything felt nice, aside from the extractions. Within seconds of the facial starting she tried to get me to upgrade to a more expensive facial that was less time. How about no. She kept complaining about my skin and made me feel like I had the worst skin in the world. Trust me, my skin is fine and I've never felt bad about it until I got the facial. She was not gentle at all during the extractions. It was pretty painful and left me with many scabs and scars. My skin looks worse now than it did before. The woman who did my manicure and pedicure was very nice. But it was probably the worst manicure(and most expensive) I've ever had. My pedicure is good. Long story short: save you're money and do not come here. My facialist's name was Hannah. Avoid.
I've been coming to Haven regularly for a couple of months. I've only been for manicures and to get my eyebrows done. They definitely do a good job with manicures, they're very thorough and have a good selection of zoya/Essie polishes. Zoya is the way to go! Not a huge fan of the eyebrow waxing though, I usually only go if I don't have time to go to my favorite place (Boom Boom Brow Bar) since its right around the corner from my office. One downside - they don't have driers for nails so you kinda just have to wait around, which kinda sucks. So make sure to include an extra 10 mins at the end
I have recently been going to having to get my brazilian waxing done there.  The waiting room is a bit much with all the prodcuts right in your face like that, quite overwhelming. Monique is great! I mean I'm not going to say getting a brazilian is painless, but she made it quick and as little pain as possible.  She is so nice and accomidating.  For those with sensitive skin I would try the gournmet wax option. Definitely make an appointment, but it's not like super booked all the time.
So I booked a manicure here thinking that I would do something relaxing after work and not go to just any old nail salon. The manicure itself was good, nice atmosphere--but for 20+tip I expect the nail polish to not chip off after two days. It was really disappointing, do yourself a favor and book a cheap mani elsewhere.
Woahness. I got the best bikini (Brazilian) wax of my life here. I saw a promo for the place in TimeOut, for 1/2 price waxes, and let me tell you, I would have paid full price. My "bikini technician" was funny, courteous, and did the fastest wax in the history of recorded time. I am smooth, silky, and ready for action! And with minimal pain! So amazing. Didn't know it was possible. Nice location, both inside an out. Inside feels like a spa, and I loved to shop in SoHo while I waited for my appointment. I'll definitely be returning. In 5-6 weeks ;)
Been coming here for almost 10 years. My experience here has remained pretty consistent. Usually don't have any trouble getting an appointment, and the services are quick and clean. Other places are closer and cheaper, but I just keep coming back.
I am usually pretty easy going and able to accommodate many different circumstances. But wow, what a disappointment! I cannot help myself writing a review to let others know what I had to go through. First off, 90-minute massage was NOT relaxing at all. The bed was cold and the sheets were kind of moist (I wonder if they change the sheet every time...). The masseuse put the oil without warming it up and every stroke was very fast and quick. He seems a nice guy, but the massage was nothing but rushing and rough. My body got pretty chilly during the massage.   Second off, I had the 30-minute facial after the massage. The ENTIRE time, the woman who did my facial was trying to sell me some products or sign me up for more facial treatments. The facial treatment was extremely rushed and I really did not feel that I was treated the right way for $90. After my sessions (total 120 mins), I felt super dehydrated, but I guess the salon was closing, so the water container was removed from the waiting room. (If they cannot even wait for the customer to have a cup of water after the treatment, why did they even sign me up for this appointment at the first place?) The receptionist Ruth seems very personable and nice. Other than that, I just could not believe the gap between the amount of money they asked and the level of customer care&service they provide.
As a first time visitor to this spa I made a last-minute appointment and got the hard wax bikini service (using the yelp special discount).  Marta is a very skilled and detail-oriented technician.  The spa itself is clean and straightforward, and the service was great: relatively pain-free and I felt comfortable with Marta the entire time.  I would recommend Marta to anyone.  Also, I learned that she does mini-"facials" for the bikini area and I look forward to going back for this and potentially other services.  One unfortunate aspect is they don't have a 100% organic skin product for facials and other skin services.
I've been going to Haven for about five years now, and I am a complete convert. I started going for their delightful nail services... they provide a spa-like atmosphere in the cozy nail room with nail techs who really know their stuff. There are three mani stations and three elevated pedi stations -- you do have to climb up into them over the sinks which can be a drag, esp when there are other people on either side of you, I'll admit. I would have to say I've had about 20 manis and 40 pedis there and they have been impeccable. They have all the Essies and other non-toxic brands with great color as well. The foot massage/scrub in the Basic Pedi is really a treat and the painting is always perfect. Like how I can never get it to look when doing it myself. Fahmida is the queen of the nail castle at Haven and she's lovely, but I would also recommend Gabby, especially for her manicures. Even during spa week* when it's super busy, I have had great experiences with the other women as well. Since I lived in the area, it became ridiculous to continue going to my other spa for facials and massages, so I tried out Haven. Both services are on the higher end pricewise -- not as much as Bliss, but still more than other decent spas where you can get either for less -- but boy, are they worth it. For facials, I am a HUGE Mariola fan (for Remedy Facials). I see her at least every other month, since she basically guarantees my skin stays dewy and fresh in between treatments. She has a very likeable personality and knows when to ask questions and when to let you zen out. Her extractions are surgical in their completeness. I cannot say enough how impressed I am with her -- better than my dermatologist. And her facial massage technique is very relaxing without being too light, just the right pressure to release any tension. For massages, I completely agree with the reviewer who was praising Vladimir -- he is amazing. Having a sports injury, it was recommended that I see him. He was spot on at knowing exactly how to treat the area (my right hip and tendon) and after some questions about it was completely zen/quiet during the massage. Afterwards, he went over some stretches and exercises that I could do to help the healing process and relieve any pain I would feel due to the injury. You really got the impression that he takes the health aspects -- not just the relaxation -- very seriously. As far as locker rooms, the two bathrooms are gorgeous and well-appointed with showers/blowdryers and other necessities. The down side is that there are only two and the locker area is co-ed. There have been some traffic jams or people running up to the front nail salon bathroom since the other two were occupied. I usually go on a Saturday morning, which I would think would be one of the busier times, and I've only seen this happen once. The waiting lounge for the nail salon is separate from the spa waiting room and both are small but have water, tea, snacks and magazines to occupy you. I have to say the seats in the nail waiting room are not the most comfortable. They're benches with giant pillows that leave about 4 inches to sit on. In the spa waiting area, there are big couches and a coffee table. Not so much room, but enough where everyone has their own space if they're not together. Otherwise, pretty standard waiting areas. *for a few years they weren't participating, but it looks like they're back on the regular spa week rotation, so... yay!
I'm not reviewing Haven so much as I'm reviewing their greatest asset:  their massage therapist, Vladimir.  Though Haven lacks the usual amenities of a "real" spa and their desk staff rotates so often that there tend to be "issues" at times, I have been going back every month for several years now because of their biggest asset, Vladimir.   Vladimir is easily the best massage therapist in New York.  He's featured in the current issue of Allure Magazine and has previously appeared in other magazines, which comes as no surprise to me. His philosophy of massage is to work the knots and spasms in your body, release the tension, but at the same time, not to work your muscles so hard that you're sore the next day.  He strikes exactly the right chord between "therapy" and "relaxation." It's a real bonus if you go to him regularly, because you get the biggest benefits as he gets to know your body better. On top of all those talents, Vladimir is a truly nice guy who cares about his job and, best of all, doesn't chat with you while he does his work!  (Nothing worse than a chatty masseur!) I hate to think he'll get so busy it will be hard to schedule my next appointment with him, but everyone should be flocking to Vladimir!
I went in for a deep tissue massage and explained my problem areas specifically before making the appointment in order to find the right person to work with, and at the appointment to my masseuse. Though Haven Spa has a friendly, calm and clean environment, and though my masseuse herself was a nice person, the massage itself was VERY, very unsatisfactory. I left not only with a lower back pain that lasted two days but also with a feeling that she prepared me for the massage and never did the actual deep tissue massage I went in for. And the next morning I woke up with a stiff neck that I am struggling with until today (4 days later). This was really the worst deep tissue massage I have experienced. Will never go back there for a massage.
I've been coming here for years. Here you get the spa experience at an affordable price. I highly recommend the hard wax. Reina is fantastic.
I love Haven.  They are right around the corner from my office so every 3 weeks or so I indulge in a spa manicure and head here on lunch.  It is so nice to be in such a calm and soothing environment in the middle of the day, and except for once, I always get a great mani.  I love that there are no heat lamps and they let you dry naturally and then use an oil to ensure you're ready to go.  I came here last May for a facial and loved it.  I can't wait to go back again soon for other treatments.  Luckily for my my co-worker's sister owns the salon so I get a discount too!
I got my best friend a mani pedi for his birthday here, and they people we got were awesome and so sweet! We got Suniata and Emma and they were fabulous. They were efficient, great at what they did, and I really had a great experience here. I even messed up a nail on the way to lunch and they fixed it quickly for me within the two hours I walked out of there. Definitely will go back for a special treat for myself! I love that they have so many service options as well and next time I might go a mini escape for a mani and a pedi. They are definitely reasonable for the service they give you.
Fully enjoyed a 90 minute deep tissue with Jennifer today.  She was methodical and had really strong hands.    The environment was dark, quiet and serene.  Clean too.   Would definitely recommend.
I had a Yelp Deal here for a couple brazilians.  Generally, I think yelpers have been too generous with this place.  It's ok.  Not great.  Not worth full price.  Would go again if I were stranded in Soho and in desperate need of a wax.  I mean, that happens often, no?  In other words, probably won't go here again.
It was good, clean and chic decor but not thorough and my lil girl down there was red and bleeding a bit :-/
I got a Clarify M.E. facial, $50 plus tax even with cash. It was a solid facial...something I'd go back every month or every other month for. I had Marta who really made it a pleasant experience. The way she talks to you and treats your skin really gives you the impression that she knows what she's doing. She's quick, efficient, and gentle. She cleaned the majority of my pores in the extraction (quick, but painful! who ever said spas are relaxing?) and left my very dry skin feeling fresh and rehydrated. She's very personable, the kind of person you can open up to but who's just as happy to let you be and enjoy your facial. She kept checking in and asking if I needed anything, if everything was alright, if the towel was too hot, or if I was uncomfortable. People sometimes have complaints about facialists criticizing your skin. Marta was not like that at all. All I got was a gentle reprimand to try and remember to wash my face AND moisturize morning and night every day and not use so much soap that I dry it out. There was a bit of a wait (maybe 15 minutes) but the facial lasted the full 30 minutes with a ten minute  (much needed) break after the extractions. Again, with the cost, it's not something I can do all the time but it's a nice place in the middle of the city but away from the noise and rush for a bit of pampering. Other thoughts: The place itself is nice. Soothing yoga music, bottles and bottles of products (none of which they try to push on you), comfortable couches. The rooms are all down a long tunnel. My facial room was all the way in the back, where for some reason the hallway is not as well-lit. There's a waiting area in the back as well with couches and orange water and magazines. The layout does give you the feel of being in a "haven". There's a tiny sign above an otherwise unremarkable door, you walk down the stairs and suddenly you're transported into this little oasis. Oh, and they have little envelopes that you can leave tips in at the front desk if you are so inclined. --------------------------------------------------­--------------- 4/20 This is just the tiniest update. My skin is the softest it's ever been. Following her advice, it's much less dry, and Marta never tries to sell me any products unless I ask. I would totally bring my review up to 5 stars if she could get at all my pores but they are very stubborn. As near as I can tell the order is lotion, exfoliation (tiny beads, lactic acid), extraction, lotion, thick mask, and lotion...with cleaning and steam in between.
here's the deal w/Haven: i went in for a brazilian wax (all off). looked at the website, and it said $41, which is pretty damn cheap for NYC. when i went to pay, they told me that "all off" was called the "sphinx", and that total is $55. including tip, i paid around $65. MISLEADING!!!!! i was pissed! never paid that much for a wax. sorry. and they should explain that on the website. my fault for not calling first, i suppose. only reason i gave it 3 stars was because Marta, the aesthitician was AWESOME. prob one of the best i've ever had.
The spa is very beautiful and cozy. I am giving this low rating more toward one of the attendants rather than the spa itself since I have not gotten any other services there. I will be writing this review about Stalina. She was recommended to me by someone who has had trouble with adult acne and after going to Stalina the girl barely wears any makeup. I started having problem skin over a year ago due to hormonal changes and I just did not know what to do. When I first came for my 120$ facial which was supposed to determine what we're the problems with my skin, Stalina suggested I change all my products that I've been using and recommended me only the products sold at the spa ( I am all for expensive products that help). Besides changing my skin regimen She suggested that I come to her for treatment every week - (a bit crazy considering I am a student and even though the treatment is 30 minutes it costs 90$ without the tip). I must have spent at least 2000$ on the facials and all the products and changed my whole daily skin routine. I must admit the products did help my face but overall I am disappointed with the facials. She is definitely a knowledgeable woman but she is better at being a saleswoman. The whole facial consists of 6 minutes of her applying and cleansing my face and the rest is 20 minutes of me laying with a mask alone in a room. When she extracts she does not even touch anything on the nose and never takes out any blackheads. When she cleanses the face she (for me) never touches the temples which for me are acne prone. After I come home, even though I don't have any acne anymore I can literally see my face is still clogged with blackheads and I am sorry but For a 90$ treatment I want to come home without having to pick at my face by myself. I've been going to her for a while but I think I will take a break and try another spa for a while. For me the experience is not about relaxation but about results. I am just generally upset that I've been looking for results after a facial meanwhile the only results I am seeing are those from the products which I apply myself.
Hanna was quick and fairly painless at waxing! She explained all the services so I knew exactly what I wanted to get. She even chatted with me while she worked, making the experience a little less awkward. The spa is very clean and everyone was very friendly from the moment I walked in. I was sure to make my second appointment before leaving and have already suggested it to many of my friends!
I've been going to Haven for the past 13 years.  I leave on the UES and it's the only place I will go in the city for waxing, facials and massages.   Mariola is the BEST for waxing and facials.  She is a god.  Super fast at Brazilian waxes and extremely professional.  She has put me on a skin regiment and my skin has never looked so good.   If your looking for the Best of the Best, don't look any further than Haven!!!
I came here for my first "down-there" waxing last month. Just had my second appointment today and was blown away by the whole experience both times. Waxing is never going to be a pleasant part of the girl regimen. But the ladies at Haven (I had Laura the first time and Stalina the second) make it so much less scary than it could otherwise be. I was in and out in less than 10 minutes both times. Not sure if that's normal, but I really appreciated it, since they didn't prolong the torture. Stalina in particular helped talk me through a few of the more uncomfortable strips, explaining why they might hurt, and by the time she was done with the details, the pull was over. The whole facility is very clean. I remember a Yelp reviewer once saying they like a waxing place to look kind of like a hospital. While the spa part of Haven is very serene and spa-ish, the wax treatment rooms are super-sterile. They don't double-dip in the wax, you can watch them roll out new paper on the "bed," and everything. Kudos for that. And finally, the women up front, who check you in and out, are really pleasant. Bonus points for letting you put the tip on credit card! I'd built the whole waxing thing up so much for years, terrified of the pain and, er, intimacy. After going to Haven, I can't believe I'd made such a big deal out of it!
My facial-ist was sweet and massaged my face decently, BUT the whole experience didn't do a thing for relaxation.   The WORST part - the next day the skin on one side of my nose peeled off and was red and sore.  I think my facialist rubbed too vigorously during the exfoliation.
12/2/07 UPDATE: Went back to Haven on the Tuesday before Thanksgiving for the Hot Chocolate body therapy. The counterfront staff was very friendly, and there was no waiting in line! I was escorted to the locker room, and when I asked for a men's robe there was no awkwardness, or assurances that the one in the locker would fit. I appreciated that, and then I proceeded to the calm and quiet waiting area, where water and tea were available, as well as cookies and healthy edibles. I was whisked away to my room, and proceeded to receive my very yummy chocolate body scrub. I had a different Polish woman this time, and I must say that she was a little rough in scrubbing my shins and knees (she was not sensitive to a scrape I had on my knee, or she was the one who created it!). Again, there's still no sign to instruct people where to deposit used robes, towels and slippers, so again, I simply left them in a heap in the locker room. I find that so very liberating!!! I did a little research on Yelp, in preparation for my brief trip this month. And lo and behold, over a five-day span, I came to Haven twice! I made a reservation ahead of time, for the "land of milk and honey" almond scrub ($100 for 45 minutes), and then tacked on a basic european manicure ($19) because I wasn't done being pampered. Not sure what makes it "european," but it was thorough! The scrub was done by Marta, a young Polish woman who pronounced my name correctly from the get-go, so you KNOW I'm lovin' that. She was relaxed and, while I had no issues being naked in front of her, if I had, she would have made the process less overwhelming. She invigoratingly scrubbed me down with the almond scrub and then hosed me off-I love being bathed!! And, then she massaged in some sort of delicious lotion. She did a very soft sell on the products, and took my refusal in stride. My manicurist was quiet but that's okay by me. She did her job and my nails looked great! Two days later (Saturday afternoon), while back in Soho (visiting The Hat Shop AGAIN), I made an impromptu stop into Haven to see if I could squeeze in a pedicure (basic european: $38). They took me right away and I had an extremely thorough pedicure by Fadhima. She did a harder sell on me for my poor, dried feet, so I bought a little bottle of spray for my feet. No miracle cure offered, but if I'm consistent in my use, then I should start to see results in two weeks. When she was done, she bagged up the files she used on me and gave them to me. Nice! Also, she remembered me from my manicure two days earlier, even though she wasn't the technician who serviced me. That's a good touch on the customer service. What's amazing is that both the manicure and the pedicure were less expensive than what I pay back in California. While it's true that my manicurist uses a more expensive product line on my nails, I'd always heard how expensive everything in New York is. Well, I just found a wonderful contradiction to that statement. It's even less expensive than the place I normally visit in Battery Park City (Blooming Nails) and I would have thought that Soho real estate had a higher overhead! No quibbling here; I just know where to book my appointments for June! Oh, one thing I need to mention: this is a unisex spa, so the locker room is for both sexes. Also, it would be nice if they put in a bench in the locker room. And, they don't give any instructions on what to do with the robe and slippers when you're done. They should. They accept all major credit cards, and debit cards. However, you must pay the gratuity in cash. For a missed appointment, 24 hours notice is required. For half and full day packages, they require 48 hours notice. Finally, all of the salon and staff are licensed by the state of New York. Yeah!!!!
It felt like I was back in the womb.  Instead of waiting in the lobby near the receptionist, I was taken to the back room.  I plopped on a couch in an eggplant-colored waiting room.  I swear the dim lights and purple walls were whispering sweet nothings in my ear, or maybe it was the sweet roasted almonds and ice water with orange peel.  When it was time for my facial, I was already super-relaxed.  I wasn't a huge fan of my "for your eyes only" facial--the esthetician herself said that she couldn't do much for my eyes, but my skin did feel refreshed and it was very relaxing.  I did feel like she knew what she was doing and that I would have loved a different treatment.  So the spa itself I give 2 thumbs up, but the eye treatment wasn't worth the money.
I swear by Magda or Kasha for my wax!  They're personable, thorough, and do an excellent job!
I, like other Yelpers found out about Haven through the Yelp deal. While the inside of the spa is lovely and the staff is wonderful, the waxing area felt like more of a hospital room. Still, my esthetician was efficient, professional and did an excellent job. Guess the white fluorescent lighting thing just comes with the territory...oh well.
Yelp needs to create negative ratings for place like this.  Stay away from this place, they have no clue what they are doing.  I decided to get the Gel manicure from this place, thinking it will stay longer than normal manicure as it has been told.  The color came off in two days and the lady did not spend anytime actually working on my cuticles.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE please do yourself a favor.  Horrible horrible place and even horrible service.
I've been scared to get a facial since my last experience was a bad one, but I finally broke down because I couldnt stand looking at my clogged pores.  My facial was divine, and the facialist recommended what products to stop using and what to start.  She gave me a few products to try, which I later ended up buying (I am absolutely in love with Yonka now)...and now I've been able to maintain the way my skin felt after the facial.  I totally recommend Haven for facials, and will try their waxing next.
The best nail care in Soho. Definitely.
cheap for new york (ex: $50 bikini wax) -- mariola is lovely good location for a leisurely day in soho super clean and comfy when spa week happens, they give great deals for massages and mani/pedis...check it out
