After 11 years I finally visited this place, and I loved it. The setting overlooking the Hudson river is gorgeous. The architecture of the museum is nothing you can find anywhere else in this city (or state, for the matter). The collection of medieval pieces is rich and very interesting. The courtyards are beautiful and peaceful (if you go on a weekday). The park surrounding is also a great place to walk around. A real must-visit.
I always enjoy it. Fall is the perfect time to go. Mid-day is swamped, but there are so many areas around the actual building to wander through. The crowd starts to thin out after 3:30pm. You are allowed to take photos, which means it looks like the paparazzi are swarming the place and you will end up on some weirdo's FaceBook page inadvertently. They will tell you "the recommended price is $25.00" which is totally overpriced. Check with your personal bank to see if you can get a reduced admission. Some banks are offering "Museums on Us" for free or reduced admission. Children, students and seniors also have reduced rates. The admission is also good for The Met's main building, but its really a hike to do both in one day unless you start early or happen to be training for a triathlon. They are strict on shopping bags and backpacks and will make you check them if you bring them in with you. Parents: Those wire railings in front of the Unicorn Tapestries are ELECTRONIC SENSORS to keep your kids from touching them!! They are old and delicate and the alarm is very loud. The tapestries date from approx 1495 so its not really funny when you let your children keep setting off the alarm to amuse them. No one else, including security, is quite as amused as your kids are at the squealing alarm. Beautiful views. Beautiful grounds. Love the "Magic Plant' section in the main garden. Worth checking out.
Truthfully, I'm not the biggest fan of medieval art but  I can certainly appreciate the art and artifacts especially knowing how far back these pieces were created. The Cloisters is a nice treat away from the hustle and bustle of Manhattan and the touristy MET.. peaceful, serene and with a lovely garden. The surrounding greenery and the view of the river are lovely.. Perfect place to visit..
I love all things medieval, but this is my favorite museum in New York for a few reasons other reasons too: - Not only is the art collection great, but the building and location are beautiful.  Looking out from the cloisters it's easy to forget that you're in a huge city. - Many of the pieces are incorporated into the building itself (e.g. doorways, stained glass windows, chapels, cloisters), which is the way the art was originally meant to be seen - not out of context in a gallery. - It's a great size to spend a few hours and feel like you learned something without being overwhelmed. - It's far away from the areas frequented by tourists, and therefore one of the less crowded museums in New York. Also, the admission gets you into the Met for the day too.
The Cloisters is a museum located in Fort Tryon Park, New York City. The building, which is a branch of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, was built in the 1930s resembling architectural elements of several European medieval abbeys. It is used to exhibit art and architecture from Medieval Europe. The Cloisters, which is near the northern tip of Manhattan island on a hill overlooking the Hudson River, incorporates parts from five French cloistered abbeys. Buildings at Saint-Michel-de-Cuxa, Saint-Guilhem-le-Désert, Bonnefont-en-Comminges, Trie-en-Bigorre, and Froville were all disassembled brick-by-brick before being shipped to New York. Between 1934 and 1938, the features were reassembled in Fort Tryon Park. The area around The Cloisters was landscaped with gardens planted according to horticultural information obtained from medieval manuscripts and artifacts, and the structure includes multiple medieval-style cloistered herb gardens. Fort Tryon Park and the Cloisters are listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places.
Back in college i took a course called "Art and the City" took the clase to the Cloisters back then. I thought ok this place is ok..now Im pushing 28 ...I was 18 when i went there now i look at it totally different ...It is a place you can just escape it all... definately  a beautiful place ...the garden is beautiful favorite place of all...sigh i havent been there this summer hopefully i can get one day just bring my bike and a good book and relax.
For all you medieval era/architecture lovers out there, this is *the* museum to go to.  I love how a lot of the art is incorporated into the building itself.  The detail in everything from the actual museum walls and ceilings to the intricacies of the tapestries and other artifacts are awe inspiring. I was a little put off by the girl at the admissions desk, thus a 4 star rating versus a 5 star.  I felt like she pretty much pushed the entire $25 donation (which is the recommended donation, key words: recommended AND donation).  This is actually what we would have given, regardless, but it really puts people on the spot and one may feel a tad bit cheap and/or embarrassed if wishing to donate a lesser amount. You can also visit the MET the same day with your button. They offer a student discount of $12 and Columbia students are free with ID!
My fav spot to just get away and be by myself. What started as a homework assignment for an art history class in college became a love for the area and the adjacent park and restaurant. Lots of culture and almost feels like you aren't in the city anymore (it is quite a journey to get there from the center of the city but well worth it). Beautiful artwork and tapestries, and entry is good for the MoMA as well.
Enjoyed it very much.  I am not a huge fan of medieval art, but they have some great pieces.  And the setting is a huge castle - so cool.  The entire area is like a secret part of Manhattan.  Was I even in New York??   The gardens are also nice and there are some excellent views of the Hudson and New Jersey. Definitely worth a trip.
I realized, on my last trip to the Cloisters, that the Getty Villa in LA is essentially a West coast version (or if you want to get snippy, a rip off) of the Rockefeller original.  That is to say, wealthy men on both coasts saw a need for classical works of art to be placed in a peaceful, wooded setting setting overlooking bodies of water.   It's absolutely beautiful, and calming in a way that words can't begin to explain.
This place is amazing. Filled with medieval art , the Cloister provides a great get away from manhattans hustle and bustle. It's not too far from the A train and it's right in the middle of Fort Tyron Park. I'm not a major art buff but I definitely enjoyed the craftsmanship of many of the pieces and the tapestries were gorgeous. There were a lot of biblical works of art which I found very interesting. Also the structure of the building itself was beautiful. This is a great place to come on a date or even role solo. The outdoor courtyard has a beautiful garden and provides an amazing view of the "castle". The courtyard is a great spot to chill, take in the sun and people watch.
I think this place is probably one of the best hidden gems for someone who lives here to visit. Since we've got all the time in the world to see the various 'tourist' spots, this is one worth planning a weekend day around. The park around the Cloisters is fantastic to stroll through before and after visiting. In the summer, there might be a ice cream truck near the entrance of the park across from the subway station, and that just adds to the greatness. it's not crowded, and definitely serves as a great 'tourist' spot for NY'ers, without the insanity you'd find in Times Square or Battery Park. If you like art, history, or just being outdoors, this can be a cool option!
It is a complete haul to get to the Cloisters, and it may literally take you longer to get there than it does to enjoy the museum itself. However, if the weather is nice, Fort Tryon Park is absolutely lovely, and the views of the Hudson make walking the winding path completely worth the time. The installations of the art within the setting are also phenomenal, and the only of their kind in this country. Though one has to wonder how & why it all got here, seeing medieval architecture in this country doesn't exactly happen often, and it's a great opportunity. Take your time and enjoy the outdoor spaces, as well. They are nearly as important to the experience of the Cloisters (and of cloisters in general) as the interior spaces.
I cannot believe that despite being a medievalist by training and living within two hours of the city for four years, it's taken me until this weekend to make it to The Cloisters.  Yes, I do know why.  It's because I never end up past the 70s when I head to Manhattan.  But I was headed to the city for an 8 hour charter trip, and figured that this was a good use of my time. It took us a little over an hour to make it from Bryant Park up to The Cloisters.  We waited for a few minutes for the M4 at the 190th St station, but once it hadn't come in a very long time, we gave up and decided to walk (note that my husband wanted to walk the whole time and I am superbly lazy).  I'm glad we did...the walk through the park is beautiful!  About twenty minutes later (I'm slow and we stopped a lot to take photos), we arrived at The Cloisters.  I'm not sure why I was surprised, but the building actually reminded me of the monasteries that I had visited in Europe...tumbled stone, clay roof...beautiful!  A quick stop to pay our admission (the fee will also cover you at the Met) and we were off. Now, the collection was smaller than I had been imagining, but it was a medievalist's dream.  I loved that they had built the building using bits and pieces of doorways, ceilings & arches that they had plucked from collections.  I'm slightly obsessed with medieval architecture, so every room was a jewel to me.  I couldn't believe how many people would only look at the "art" in the cases and not notice that the whole room was a piece of artwork.  Anyways, so while many people get in and out of this place in an hour, it took us a good 2.5 hours.  And I probably could have spent more time as I'm sure I missed some things. My favorites of the day were the carved ceilings, the unicorn tapestries (we got lucky and were behind a tour group and really enjoyed the guide's commentary), the beautifully reconstructed cloisters (I had no clue that they had more than 1...again, not sure why that surprised me), and the room that everyone seemed to miss, The Treasury.  It's too bad, too, as this is one of the largest jewels of medieval art that I've seen state side.  I enjoyed enlightening my husband with my two degree's worth of medieval knowledge as we went from case to case.   We'll definitely be back.  Normally I would have had lunch at the cafe, but we were in a bit of a hurry to get somewhere in Midtown that closed at 4, so no lunch for me that day.  Hopefully it'll still be warm enough to eat outside this fall, plus it'll be nice to see how the gardens change over the seasons.
Finally made it back on a non-cloudy day! Saw more, enjoyed it more.  The Cloisters is a really beautiful spot, the walk up from the park is nice as is the architecture itself.  The Gardens were really lovely and I never thought of myself as a horticulture type of gal, but I really enjoyed seeing the way the herbs, trees, etc were laid out and grown.  The trees were splayed out along metal poles for a branching, 1D feel. Note to self: Definitely do not take the bus. While the sights may be aplenty, the trip is oh so very long.  Even from midtown with a straight shoot up.  Ended up switching on two trains (took A train up) and it was zoom zoom and away!  (Not really, given it was the weekend, but it was not as long as I imagined it would take.) Great place through and through.
I've lived in New York for nearly nine years and only visited here for the first time a few months ago. Please don't make the same foolish mistake. This museum is very impressive. It's almost shocking. I've spent so many years uptown and in all those years I never could have imagined the beauty, the history that I would encounter reaching and then exploring this museum. The walk through the park to get to the museum is a treat in and of itself, especially on a fall day when the leaves are just turning. Then, arriving to this castle of a structure, the medieval, European-feel overwhelms one's senses. I came specifically to see the Lewis Chessmen, a collection of beautiful chess pieces found long ago on the Isle of Lewis, but I quickly realized there was much more to see here. You'll see tombs, golden chalices, beautiful paintings, statues, it's like some New Yorker had pillaged European historical sites the way Europeans pillaged Egyptian historical sites. Amazing. I haven't been back since, but writing this review has been enough to remind me of just how spectacular this institution is.
gorgeous! what a gem to have right in manhattan! The cloisters is very cool and green, there is not one person hustling or bustling, though there aren't a lot of places to sit because most of the archtectural features are 15th - 18th century treasures flown in from europe. I thought admission was a little excessive; $20 for an adult? really? the artwork is really interesting, there are lots of tapestries that everyone gets excited about, and after reading The Lady and the Unicorn I was impressed to see the level of floral detail in the infamous backgrounds of these works. Also cool is that one of the gardens features the decorative, medicinal and culinary plants that were typically used in the 16th century.
AMAZING!!!  Checked out this place on my second visit to NYC, since I didn't make it my first time.  It was a beautiful sunny day.  We hiked through the park wondering when we were going to get to the museum.  What an amazing discovery.  It's so quiet, beautiful and serene.  The art is not that amazing (it seems to be outcasts from the Met) but the building itself is beautiful and so are the gardens.  I'd love to go back when the fruit trees are all fruiting.  We went on a week day and it wasn't crowded at all, again you do not have to pay the $20 suggested donation, we paid $1 for both of us.  We laid out on the lawn later and read a book and took a cat nap. I did see several buses go through the area, so if you're not down with hiking to the top there are alternatives, but I would definitely recommend the hike, so peaceful, and the subway drops you right by the entrance to the park.
[GORGEOUS] - i was running behind schedule, so i didnt get nearly as much time there as i would have like to spend... but lovely, regardless... - amazing place... between the park and the art and architecture, you could make a beautiful relaxing day out of it... - this is a gem in the middle of manhattan and defintely worth checking out.. ill be visiting again...
One of the most original museums in the city with the art literally woven into the fabric of the structure - whether that be an archway connecting rooms or an entire alcove. Countless medieval treasures from doors to triptychs to stonework  ( not to mention the famous Unicorn tapistires )  make this museum in the middle of Fort Tryon Park a must-see. When the weather's nice you can hang out in the garden with full views of the Hudson River and bask in the sun amongst a variety of herbs and spices planted just like it was centuries ago. Don't forget, it's part of the Metropolitan Museum umbrella so it's Pay-As-You-Wish.
Take the bus to the very northernmost tip of Manhattan and give yourself the better part of a day to lose yourself in this magical place. The European Middle Ages are usually not thought of as being a period producing great visual art, but when you're immersed in the trappings of the medieval times it's hard not to be swept away. The cloisters sucks you in and envelopes you in the Medieval world view, and you will never see that time, or your own time, the same way again. Far from a time of knights and fair ladies, joust tournements and castles, the European Middle Ages were a time of great strife and upheaval, a time when power was held by a tiny minority of the population. The art of that time was the propaganda that maintained that simple world order. This was "shock and awe" on a grand scale with a simple, clear message for the masses. Keep your place, and you will be justly rewarded in the afterlife. Step out of bounds, and there will be dire consequences. No, this is not "great art," technically speaking. But it's a window into time radically (hopefully) different than our own. Give yourself some time to explore and check out the Cloisters in NYC.
Amazing locations in NY abound but the Cloisters have a special spot in the heart of many a NYer. This smart reconstruction and assembly of actual medieval buildings from Europe are in many ways one of the greatest gifts from John Rockefeller and I'm not a fan of his at all. I'm however tremendously appreciative of this particular bit of his philanthropy. The location and view is breath-taking but the building and collection of medieval art is unsurpassed in NY and probably anywhere in the U.S. It is just as great to wander the grounds and admire the buildings as it is to admire artist behind the intricate / human-resource-intensive artwork created in the name of the church and monarchy. I recommend the spring and summer... pack a lunch to eat on the grounds before exploring the interior.
The current music exhibit and early music concerts are a must see.   Come here early when it isn't crowded.
This place is okay.  I came here with my boo and some of her coworkers the day after Thanksgiving, so it was a pretty gloomy day (except for being with my boo bc she's my sunshine).   From the name and everything I've heard about it, I was expecting it to be some giant medieval castle, or a bunch of ruins like Macchu Picchu but nope.  It's a big hike to get up here, and sadly it's just another boring museum with a bunch of old paintings and statues. I think the big park and winding paths other people mentioned is the Fort Tryon that you have to walk through to get here. This place might be better when it's not freezing outside and there's better scenery.  The small garden inside didn't have much action going on either. Most of the plants were dead.
It's quite a hike to go up to the end of the A train, but it's well worth it.  The park that surrounds this place is absolutely breathtaking!!  This museum is suggested donation, and it's several stories up, with a garden outside as well. Check out the greenery, the ruins, the statues and architecture.  Interesting place, but I never was that big of a fan for the medieval times.  Unique things to read and view, but I was more awestruck by the park right by it. There's a direct bus to take you to the subway, or all the way to Penn Station if you need-now that's convenient!
I visited the Cloisters a few weeks ago with a friend and I absolutely loved it!  It was a fantastic day of walking through gardens and seeing Medieval artifacts.  I learned a lot about the history of the Medieval relics.  Be sure to check out the unicorn tapestries.  Most of you probably don't remember where you've seen the Unicorn in Captivity tapestry before - it's featured in the the Hogwarts common room in Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince, the sixth film in the Harry Potter series.  It's awesome to find this tapestry in the Cloisters, if you're a Harry Potter fan!  And if you're not a Harry Potter fan, it's still a pretty cool tapestry and there are seven of them, depicting the story of a unicorn being hunted, captured, and imprisoned. I especially loved the gardens at the Cloisters - beautiful, airy, sunny, perfect places to snap some awesome photos.  I could hardly believe that I was still in Manhattan!  I felt like I was in the countryside in Europe. We contemplated eating at the cafe, but the food was pricey so we decided to go elsewhere for food. Overall, the Cloisters is a great museum to visit, and admission is free (with a recommended admission fee).  It's a bit hard to get to, at the very top of Manhattan, but it's in a beautiful area (Fort Tryon Park) and definitely worth a visit.
6/26/08, Saturday afternoon The building alone is worth the trip to the North end of Manhattan.   Lots of religious art, but not preachy.  There are incredible catacombs and various courtyards to enjoy.   The whole place really does feel like a sanctuary and you wouldn't necessarily need to look at a single piece of art to enjoy your day.  You could just sit in one of the beautiful gardens or sanctuaries and enjoy the cool, clean solitude of the place.   If you're into ancient art, this is a must see.  I won't begin to describe the collection, you can check their website.   I was told that real New Yorkers would never pay the suggested donation of $20.  I gave $5, but the lady behind us gave $2 and the guy behind the desk didn't bat an eyelash at any of us.
Very unique museums. It has a large medieval  collections. Lots religious pieces from the era. It is part of the MET so pricing is 'suggested', you can pay $1 and go in. It is a walk from subway, best is to take M4 bus which drops you right in front of museum.
I know it's one of those things that gets thrown on your "someday I'll do it" list. I made that mistake too. After living in NYC for more than a year, I finally made it up there. I have to say that even if you care little for medieval history, you'll still love a day at the Cloisters and Fort Tryon park. It's quiet and beautiful there - you forget you're anywhere near NYC. Take a tour of the gardens, where they point out flowers and their medieval medicinal and food purposes. Gaze at the famous unicorn tapestries and gold objects of worship. Bring food for a picnic in Fort Tryon park, and make sure to explore some of the branching pathways that snake around this lovely enclave. I guarantee you'll remember a day spent here.
Ah, the Cloisters! It's been awhile but I went to the Medieval Festival about ten years ago on a date and wound up moving to Riverdale, The Bronx as a result - long story. Anyway, it was a fun afternoon and you felt as if you were thrown back 500 years or more to a time when jousting was sport and women were disrespectfully called "wenches" (did I spell that right - I don't have spell check). I was entertained but wondered if some of the actors who volunteered to play these characters in costume were not a bit odd and overly-consumed by their alter egos.  Just my observation.... It was a nice afternoon and I'd recommend it! Also, the museum is first rate and, I believe, open all year! There is a cafe where you can stop in and have a nice brunch.
It was really quiet and peaceful when I visited. This place was built in 1938 with spectacular views over the river. It's tough remembering you are still in Manhattan. The building is inset with medieval doorways and features taken from European abbeys and churches. There is medieval art and oasis like gardens set in courtyards. I really recommend getting the audio guide - you get much more from the pieces this way.
The wife and I went to the cloisters recently on our honeymoon in NYC and I gotta say, at first I was a little underwhelmed.  It was hyped as a huge castle and although it was big, I was expecting much more. Once we got inside though, it was gorgeous.  The unicorn tapestries were amazing and all of the other medieval pieces were great as well.  There isn't a clutter of stuff in here, so you can really take in what you're looking at and not feel distracted or rushed to move on.  The real gem of this place are the actual cloisters (little gardens inside the castle), as they're well kept and very pretty. The grounds surrounding the castle are a beautiful escape from all the big citiness going on around them.  Be sure to walk the paths and take in all the nature.
The Cloisters is one of the best Medieval museums in the world, but fewer people visit it than the Metropolitan Museum of Art because they consider it out of way, being so far uptown in what is still Manhattan.  Nonsense!  One good way to get there is on the A train, and exit at the Bennett Ave stop, where the train station exit will lead you right outside of the entrance to the park.  From there, you will walk a bit but you certainly won't be able to miss the castle that will appear before you. The best time to go is in the warm weather, when the gardens in the museum are in full bloom.  Another great time to go is when they have their Medieval Faire -- which takes place on a Sunday near the end of September or early October.  Vendors set up, jugglers perform, jousters do their thing, and many folks are dressed in costume.  Don't even think of driving there for the Faire -- you will not finding a parking spot! The gift shop is one of my favorites of all museums, and a good reason alone for making the visit.
I wish I made more time in my life for museums, I think I would be a more relaxed person with a greater perspective on life. This is not an actual cloister, as I used to think it was when I first visited here in the 1990's, it's made for the MET and the art is lovely the atmosphere relaxing because it's not crowded, or at least everytime I've been up there it's not crowded. I like the fact that the outside and inside is easily accessible and interweaveable and really shows the practicality of art within architecture and showcases functionality well.
Sure this place will blow your mind. Mighty beautiful nature & art spot in New York, but there are a few things to note. Okay, here's why I'm dragging down the average: 1.) This is a tourist trap ($20 suggested entry!) filled with rich, white folks. Therein, this is not a typical New York experience. It's like being transported to Connecticut. 2.)The commute to get there takes up a bit of time and then you are starving and you're eating options are limited. If you only have a weekend in the city, you have to choose your cultural experiences wisely. Sure, you can get into the Met if you pay full price, but who has time or energy for both experiences in one day!? 3.) The docent yelled at me & my friend from across the room, "There's no chewing gum at the Cloisters!" Even though there are no signs posted about gum at the entrance and my friend has a membership and didn't know the rule, we didn't argue or even pause or put up any defense and he continued to shout at us about it. Docent, what's up with shaming the guests? I love that he added "at the Cloisters," which was perfectly pretentious. Ha!
A little slice of heaven in Manhattan!   The Cloisters is best visited in the spring/summer time but it's impossible to resist the lure of the grounds year round.  To come here is to leave the city behind and enter your own little oasis.  You can easily lose a day hanging around and absorbing everything - definitely helps that the grounds itself are a work of art!  Undoubtedly the most serene place in Manhattan, its a great place to think, reflect, and appreciate some things that are lost in the day to day grind. Abundant Free parking and an amazing view of the Hudson (into NJ) make it worth the trek.  The public transport commute may be daunting, but the tranquility you find will be worth the haul.
Don't come here during the winter because you won't be able to stay outside long enough to enjoy the Hudson views.  And the gardens are devoid of life in the chill. It'll take you a while to get to the museum via train and then bus.  The Cloisters is worth the trek because it's definitely different from other NYC museums.  There's a lot to appreciate architecturally.  And there is plenty of Medieval art.  It didn't bore me as much as the other museums did.  But I'm the type of person who would never be able to go more than once.. to ANY museum. Honk if you love Jesus- because you'll see a lot of him here.
The Cloisters is a place I had heard about but never knew what to expect.  I heard it was a museum with a botanical garden there but I didn't expect what I saw.  It's both those and more.  It's in a very picturesque part of town in Fort Tyron Park in Uptown Manhattan along the Hudson River and both sides of land, on NJ and NY, were protected so not to spoil the view which is quite lovely... you even have a great view of the GW Bridge. You always hear people say they never go above 100th St (I believe the boundary is somewhere there abouts) but that's a hoax.  This is worth the trip up.  The museum has some really wonderful artwork and history in it from large stained glass windows to statues and tapestries and is known as the only museum in America dedicated solely to showcasing medieval art.   The gardens are well kept and have a wide arrayment of species.  $20 gets you in and once you buy the pass you can visit the MET the same day if you wish with the same ticket.   In Fort Tyron itself there are lots of people basking in the sun having picnics, sunbathing, joggers, hikers, artists painting, people strumming their guitars, a very nice dog park, and areas for group yoga meetings.  I frequented the dog park a number of times and met some very interesting and friendly folks there. This is a very peaceful little secret of NY's.  Wonderful place.  Take the A train to 190th street and enjoy the view!
Very cool medieval museum and part of the Metropolitan Museum in the middle of Central Park. Admission is in the form of your voluntary donation and worth supporting at $7 or $10 per person. Interesting herb garden, lots of medieval sculptures, antiquities, famous tapestries and great view of the river.  The fountain courtyard is also a relaxing and bright spot to view and walk around. Be sure to also check out the gardens planted by the garden conservancy folks on the walk to the Cloisters. Plenty of choice plant material if you are a landscaping or horticultural nut.
My sister took me here knowing of my borderline obsessive/compulsive love for Medieval/Renaissance art. I'm a geek, it's true. INCREDIBLE. STUNNING. MARVELOUS. In every way. Such a hidden gem within the chaos that is New York.
Gorgeous! Tourists and New Yorkers themselves do not know what they're missing if they have never been here. The building/museum is a beauty as well as the surrounding park. Also nearby is a cafe and a view of the Hudson River. Your admission to this museum will also give you admission to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, another "can't miss" museum! So try to plan to see both in the same day.
This offshoot of the Metropolitan Museum of Art is something of a hidden secret. Although it is covered by the $20 admission charge to the main Metropolitan Museum of Art site in Central Park, few make the trip north to the tip of Manhattan and this lovely, tranquil enclave. They are seriously missing out, though: The Cloisters - as it name suggests - it where the museum's collection of mediaeval architecture has been reassembled, in very sympathetic surroundings. You could almost believe you were in a mediaeval monastery somewhere in Europe, except for the unusual mix of regional and historic styles - there is a slightly surreal feel to walking up the hill from a typical New York streetscape and suddenly seeing a complete mediaeval complex ahead of you! The architecture is predominantly French, but the collection of art and objects is more diverse, and covers the ninth to fifteenth centuries. As well as being a great museum, the park and setting provide a wonderful antidote to the dizzily hectic pace of downtown Manhattan, especially in summer. On selected days they also provide free guided tours of the surrounding gardens, as well as concerts, lectures and special educational events. Eating: There's a cafe open May to the end of October, 10-16:15h. Access: Accessibility is taken very seriously, with provision for the mobility impaired and those with sight and hearing problems, although the site doesn't provide level access throughout. See website and call ahead if necessary. Getting there: The M4 bus goes from the main Met site directly to the Cloisters, or it's ten minutes' walk (or just one stop on the same bus) from the 'A' line subway (metro) station at 190th Street, which is rather quicker, but then you don't get to see Upper Manhattan. Strongly recommended!
Well worth the LONG bus or subway ride way up North.  Go during the spring or summer and enjoy the park and tour thru the cloisters themselves. A good outing for families with or without kids.
Like many other people, I didn't know that this branch of the Met existed.  I was in the Bronx at my friend's house and I figured I'd try this out, because it was close, before I went downtown.  I actually ended up parking my car here all day and it worked out fine. The museum was nice, beautiful, artistic (of course) and peaceful even for me, a relative nonbeliever. It was really nice and calming to wander here on a cold winter day.  If the weather was better, I could have also explored some courtyards and gardens outside. The Met admission is by suggested donation, but I felt that I had to legitimize paying $10 instead of $20.  A little uncomfortable.  If you get into one Met museum, you have admission into the other ones, so I could have gone to the main Met that day if I had time.
Possibly one of the very few places you can go in Manhattan, and forget that you're in this borough. That's how enjoyable this museum is, plus the awesome surrounding park(Fort Tryon) adds to the charm of coming here. I recommend coming here on a nice day, so you can enjoy walking through the park at least one way(whether its coming here or leaving, and if you take the bus to/from 190th St. subway stop the other way), and also enjoy the back terrace facing the Hudson River. The chapel reproductions are beautiful, and I love how they were built into the design of this building. Boo-urns to employees at the admission desk who seem to charge $20 to all people who use a card to pay, regardless if you beg like a college student to donate less. (and like I unsuccessfully did, and this policy to card-users is why I deducted a star) I'd recommend doing the suggested donation with cash, and NOT using a card for the donation. Cash is, I suspect, the only way you may get by with donating less than $20. Also, Andrea L.'s suggestion is pretty good, if you have no choice but to use a card. ($20 for everyone in your group, and a better idea to do this for NO GREATER than a party of 3) I am aware that one could try paying the $20 at the Met, then get into Cloisters free after a subway trip north(86th St. on B/C lines to 145th St., then an A train to 190th St.), but that depends on how little or long you want to explore the regular Met. Wish the entrance was like the regular Met, where you can actually sneak into without paying the 'suggested donation'. I could do a comprehensive rant on my hatred of places and events asking for 'suggested donation(s)', but there's no need for such a rant here...
I love this place.  It is a great place to go on a date and walk around the museum.  The gardens are beautiful; the walk to the Cloisters is wonderful.  The water views are to die for.   I am a fan of medieval art so, I really enjoyed the exhibits.  They have a cool cafe in the warmer months. Put this on your to do list it is certainly worth the trip uptown.
Love this museum! It's a bit hard to get to, but it's worth the trip. The Cloisters isn't just a museum, it's an experience. From the architecture to the gardens and the art, everything just works together so beautifully. It's not nearly as big as the Met, but you can stay here and enjoy it for hours (we stayed a few). When you're enjoying the collection or the gardens, it's easy to forget that you're still in NYC. As a bonus, you get to wander through the beautiful Fort Tryon Park on your way to the Cloisters (if you took the subway there), which is also a very calming and beautiful. Free admission if you went to the Met on the same day.
This place is a heaven for lovers of medieval artifacts and art. The whole place is simply beautiful and they relic they house are amazing. I love the wood work on some of the pieces they have, as you can rarely find anything that decorative in today's day and age. Their treasury has some magnificent pieces, from decks of old cards to chalices they have an in interesting collection you can spend some time on. They garden itself is nice, with the most impressive thing being the pear tree they have.   If you love tapestries they also have some great ones, they have display the unicorn tapestries most well know is the unicorn in captivity as well as a king Arthur one. This place was completely worth the trip,  you can spend a good amount of time hear and the suggested donation is 20 for adults, and 10 for students.
This hidden castle was my B-day surprise. Before than I've never heard of it. Location was a great background for pics. Seeing all the medieval treasures reminded me of our visit last summer to France. 30 minute into our visit we decided to go with the guided tour which turned out to be a great decision. We learned a lot more about the making of this museum and on other items (say the unicorn tapestry) that we would've brushed off. Looking forward to going back in the spring when the garden is in full bloom.
This review is going to cover the atmosphere of the place... the actual art work and stuff, it's ok... but it's not the most exciting stuff for me, I'm sure there are other yelpers that can better assist in that dept. The garden is nice, but please don't think it's some huge garden. It is reasonably small, it's just a nice touch. In the winter you'll be too preoccupied with freezing your butts off to appreciate the place. You have to go here in the summer, best time to go. I suggest a warm sat/sun, make a day out of it and have a picnic in the park, that's half the fun. Great views in the park as well.
The Cloisters have been on my radar for the longest time. I've been to NYC so many times, but have never had a chance to venture up North on the Subway Line A until this time. The museum is located in a beautiful park up in Washington Heights. You have to walk through the park to get to the Cloisters. I was expecting 'more' from the museum...so i was a little disappointed by the size of it. There weren't that many exhibits either. If you're short on time, i'd recommend skipping. Othewise, a great place to hang out for a couple of hours
If you have any interest in Medieval Art or Architecture or History then this is a must see. If you appreciate the presentation of artworks within an artwork then you'll enjoy the Cloisters as the halls, chapels, galleries, and the gardens make a for great immersive experience. If the weather is nice the gardens and covered walkways (cloisters) can be enjoyable in themselves. The seasonally open cafe is a nice experience with al fresco dining and above average food choices. The entry fee at the Metropolitan is good for here too, on the same day and vice versa. That is a lot of art for one day, but they are wholly different museum experiences. Adjacent Fort Tryon park is a nice area to relax and enjoy the views of the Hudson river.
There are gorgeous clusters of trees around the Cloisters...the trip is worth it for that alone. The park surrounding the museum, the short hike up to it, and the view of the river from the walkway make this a site to behold. As for the museum itself, I wasn't doing cartwheels over what I saw. The medieval architecture is rather enchanting though, and the museum was by no means crowded (I went on a Wednesday or Thursday...). It's a "suggested" admission, all you little hooligans... so don't postpone your visit here if you are just scared of the $20 cover.  I suggest going on a sunny day, too.... one of the lawns met me outside for a nap afterwards and it was entirely blissful (once that girl suntanning got off her cell....).
There was this crazy moment at the cloisters when I was walking down this stairway labyrinth flanked by stone and a gothic arch, towards sarcophagus' and stainglass windows.  I turned back towards my friend and hed seemingly disappeared. My voice echoed through the staircase & I realized I didn't know which room he had gone into. He suddenly appeared and said something about going upstairs and looking at tapestries. It was at that moment I felt like I had suddenly been transported into the middle of several different scenes in indiana jones and the last crusade.  Anywho.... This and fort tryon park did not disappoint. Its the medieval outpost of the met. The medieval artwork is beautiful and the castle/monastery setting adds to the experience. Theres all kinds of artwork (mainly religious; thank you, catholic church) including statues, sculptures, paintings, metal work, stainglass ...ooh and the tapestries!  I took "arthurian legend" in college and they had the original tapestry that was on the front of my textbook...just one example.  (Also be careful if you point at things. They have motion detectors that sound if you get within maybe afoot of the tapestries.  Trust me on this,  it was embarrassing. ) Also be sure to check out the gardens spread around the building. Really beautiful. Also gorgeous views of the hudson from terraces accessible via doors in the museum. There's a nice gift shop and a somewhat overpriced little cafe. The "recommended" donation is $25 & its a little intimidating to donate less (although you dont officially have to give $25..this is a non profit organization.)  I loved this museum....thought $20 or $15 was a fairer price though.   It's in the middle of fort Tryon park. Another great find in Manhattan. I slowly am really beginning to love the washington heights area.
Okay, so technically, this is part of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.  However, this museum deserves a rating of its own...separate from the Met. I lived in Manhattan for a decade and I never came here...sigh...if only I knew then what I know now.  This place is a respite...a little slice of tranquility in an otherwise overwhelmingly frenetic city.  Don't get me wrong, I LOVE Manhattan...it is my one and only true love...but it can wear on you, even on your best day, and a city dweller needs a place where they can get away....even if just for a few hours.  The Cloisters is just the place to do that. Fort Tyron Park is beautiful unto itself...beautiful trees, winding paths, breathtaking views of the Hudson River, GW bridge and Englewood Cliffs...or Woodlawn Cemetery on the other side...if you are into that kind of thing.  There are beautiful beaux artes street lamps that line the pathways, and several spots with look out areas that offer beautiful vistas.  It's lovely day or night.  I've walked through AM and PM alone without incident, but I would recommend a companion if you are a woman going after dark.  That is just common sense. The Cloisters is a site to behold unto itself, although it houses a fabulous collection of Medieval art and architecture from the 12th through the 15th centuries.  It has a calming and tranquil ambiance, and I could feel a sense of peace come over me as I entered.  That is saying something when an agnostic feels relaxed in a museum of Medieval art.  Catholicism frightens me, and I am not a fan of the Dark Ages.  I'm more of a Modern/Contemporary art and Post-Modern sort of person, yet I felt so at peace here.  Medieval art usually gives me the heebie jeebies, but the venue, and the walk through the park up to it, put me in the right state of mind.  Overall, the whole experience was pleasantly surprising and it lasted throughout the rest of my day. I consider Manhattan my home, and I know it very well and I highly recommend you find your way to the Cloisters.  There is no where else in the city like it, no matter what your faith (or in my case, lack thereof). The Cloisters museum is at the northern end of Fort Tyron Park.  You can take the 2 or 3 express trains to 96th street and change to the 1 or 9 at 186th street...then transfer to the A train to 190th street...or if you are public transportation-challenged, just take the A train and get off at 190th street.  From there you can walk north along Margaret Corbin drive to the Cloisters or, when you get off the train at 190Th, catch the M4 bus and get off at the first stop.  It will drop you right there...BUT you will miss the most fabulous part of the journey...that walk through the park.  Don't worry about getting lost, just walk along any path.  All paths lead right to, or pass by, the Cloisters.  You cannot miss it. Your Met ticket (or little metal badge) will get you in, or if you show up after 4 PM you get in for free.  It closes between 4:45 PM and 5:15 PM, depending on what time of year you visit.  I found that 1 hour was ample time, but you might like to linger a little longer.   It is small, but it's nice not to rush through.  I like it a lot better than the Medieval pieces you see at the Met Museum proper.  Enjoy!
Pick a nice day and spend the whole day here. The Cloisters is a very nice spot, a museum most people don't really visit, but that's what makes the place so special. There is so much history and interesting architecture around here that you could spend hours taking photographs or just sitting and enjoying the view. Since there aren't so many people around, it makes a nice place for some quiet time. It's a place with history, so you get away from the hustle and bustle of New York City. There is quiet a walk to the Cloisters. The park prior to getting there is very nice (especially in the fall); finding the place isn't a problem either. Overall, getting there is so enjoyable and easy; not a frustrating experience as some museums may be. They're also very good at emulating the right atmosphere. They hid away all signs of metropolitan-like influences --- and even play a recording of monks singing, which echoes in the hallways. I recommend going to this place for sure - it's a good place for relaxation and thinking.
The Cloisters are an amazing collection of details artifacts from earlier than 1200th century on. You can get lost in imagery and the stories they depict. Will recommend to all visitors.
This is a hidden gem in Manhattan.. and I think it is part of the Metropolitan Museum system.   If you like the arts from the dark age and want to physically experience the monastery atmosphere, then this place is perfect.   After you look at the artifacts, you can enjoy the gardens and the scenery within this museum ground.   Worth a half a day or 3/4 day trip for all - local or tourist.
It's not huge, compared to other museums, and many objects from the period it covers are located at the main branch of the Met. However, for a true and beautiful feeling about art and especially architecture of the Middle Ages, the Cloisters is peerless. It is one of the great treasures and pleasures of New York. You'll have a relaxing and inspiring visit here to see reconstructed cloisters from 800 or more years ago, together with original stained glass, sculptures, and tapestries. Very relaxing. One tip is to leave some time to wander through Ft Tryon Park, in which the museum is located. It is very peaceful and beautiful to walk or sit along the beautifully landscaped terrain. We also caught one of the free guided tours, which was very instructive, even if you already have familiarity with this period in history.
Living in Manhattan for over 10 years, you quickly find favorite spots that are quiet, calm, and peaceful--instant 'zen,' as it were. (Though not in the actual, nihilistic, always- prepared-to-die Zen buddhism way or anything). And The Cloisters is one of my absolute favorite of these places.  The gardens are beautiful, the art and statues very impressive, and the Unicorn tapestries totally fabulous (not to mention much easier to reach than those in Cluny), and the actual cloisters almost exude serenity. You can't go wrong with spending an afternoon here, regardless of your religious beliefs or unbeliefs--it is truly beautiful.
I love this place- it has captured my heart and reigns as the #1 museum in all of NYC for me!  I will go again and again.  I think next time a mid-week visit would be better- it was a bit crowded on the Saturday we were there.  Such amazing architecture here and great gardens too- made me want to linger all day.   One could learn so much just by reading and seeing all the pieces they have.  I was impressed with their collection and the authenticity with which they created the museum.  The building itself is a work of art. We will be bringing our visitors to this museum before we take them to the MET!
Is Cloistering habit-forming? (a haiku review) ; ) Robber barons' weave dark ages' icons, embroidered with fecundity.
How I wish it were warm year-round so I could come here more than just 4 months of the year!  This place is mostly outdoors and has an amazing array of medival art, tapestries and gardens.  It transforms me into a different world and I instantly feel more relaxed. I would recommend doing the tour if you want to learn.  Forgo the foodstand there if you can.  Bring a camera.
A must see while on a longer trip to NYC or simply perfect for a weekend afternoon. Suggested admission means it's next to free. Fabulous gardens, surrounded by arched facades and beautifully tiled hallways. There is so much history here offered through worldly art collections. It is serene and beautiful. Grab lunch in one of the gardens at the cafe.
Summary based on 1 visit: --cool site --well displayed art --fairly uncrowded on a rainy day --helpful staff Just a note on transport. From the bus map it looks like taking the M4 from midtown makes sense.  Nope, takes too long.  Take the subway to 190th and take the bus one stop, if you don't want to walk.  Or follow Denise C.'s advice.
I agree with most of the praise listed by fellow Yelpers although it was raining on the day we went, so didn't get to hike the grounds. My only complaint, which is irrelevant for much of the Yelping demographic, is the lack of stroller accessability...be warned, bring a Bjorn.
The Cloisters sounded like a pretty awesome place, so on a recent trip to New York I went for a visit. From Dyckman instead of 190th, this place is a pain to find. Very few signs and no maps in the park. If you find it, you're lucky. Next tidbit of information... the suggested donation isn't a suggestion, it's a requirement. You see, you can't wander the museum without a metal clip-on button, but to get the button you have to go to the admissions counter. At the admissions counter they shake you down for cash before even pulling said magic button out of the drawer. And if you don't offer up their suggested dollar amount, they glare at you over their glasses and practically call you a tightwad before handing you that coveted button and sending you on your way. Even the map suggests that you be generous because the museum needs all the help it can get. The Cloisters are associated with the Met... I'm sure they're doing just fine, or at least well enough that they shouldn't be squeezing money out of starving artists. More annoying, the security guards downstairs will ask you if you've been outside and then suggest that you visit the Cafe before it closes. They're pushing you to spend money... like movie theaters that tell you to go grab a coke and popcorn at the concession stand. So much for classy. The collection is decent and perhaps the best you're going to get this side of Europe, but most of it is imported. If you're ok with that, then by all means enjoy.   Overall I was very put off by the whole experience, and wasn't impressed enough with the museum offerings that I'd visit again. Unless you're in love with stained glass windows, spend your money and time elsewhere.
Medieval arts housed in cut (From Europe) n' paste (to NYC) monestary in the center of a bunch of green stuff that I keep on getting dragged back to. It's worth the trek.
As a museum, The Cloisters is not so exciting. As an environment, The Cloisters is amazing. I visited on a Saturday late afternoon and the light was absolutely gorgeous in every single room, especially the middle courtyard. You could sit here and just enjoy the feel of the space for hours. If there was a hammock, I would have hopped in and napped blissfully for hours. The architecture and the views are also hard to beat!
GO.  The Cloisters has sculpture, tapestries, paintings, manuscripts, stained glass, furniture, religous art, beautiful little gardens, herb plants you can touch, and more.  No crowds.  You get to see things close up. FYI DONT bring any bag (no matter how small)  that you can wear on your back.  They will take it from you at the door and force you to check it.  Its ridiculous because they WILL allow your giant tote bag, hobo bag, wheelie bag, and any combination thereof into the museum with you.  It makes no sense.  Its discriminatory.  But thats how it is.  They are somehow threatened by your little string backpack.  Suggested solution?  Any plastic shopping bag.  If you have one of those little backpack purses, just put your purse in the plastic bag before you get to the ticket desk.
I finally made it here.  My last two trips to Mahattan didn't allow for me to get so far North.  Beautiful location and collection.  We were here in July so the gardens were in full bloom which was nice. Price includes admission to the Metropolitan Museum of Art also.  Be sure to do both as the Met is wonderful!  Admission cost to this alone is high.
Before visiting the Cloisters, I was not an admitted fan of medieval art. Tapestries were just glorified carpets. A pieta was just like any other pieta. Castles were just cold, dark, and dingy places. However, while walking through room after room in the Cloisters, something magical happened. . . The high, vaulted ceiling of the Main Hall was grand yet very intimate. . .a feeling present throughout the grounds. The bare walls of each room set a wonderful contrast with the intricacy, color, and detail of the massive tapestries. Ditto to the stained glass windows in several galleries. The abundance of pietas in the Cloisters finally helped me fully appreciate the difference in style and detail of each from its origin of creation. Nevertheless, each one conveyed the same, raw emotion. For me, what I loved the most about the Cloisters were the separate cloisters themselves, specifically, the colonnades. The craftsmanship, detail, and uniqueness of each capital was unbelievable. Each one conveying its own style and story. I could have easily 'wasted' more time appreciating each one. Situated on the cliffs of Fort Tyron Park, it's rather easy to forget that you're not in Manhattan. The only occasional reminders were the hum of traffic on the Henry Hudson Pwky, the towers of the GWB, and the occasional M4 bus. Besides being a definitive experience of medieval art, the Cloisters and its surroundings are a wonderful urban retreat. Two Tips: 1)  Admission is SUGGESTED at $20. 2) Although the 200 St. - Dyckman (A) Station is closer, it involves a steep walk up to the cloisters. The 190 St. (A) stop will drop you off on top of Ft. Tryon Park. Caveat: a longer walk. Pick your poison.
It's indeed a time travel! Housing articacts from ninth to fifteen century Europe, the architecture of the museum itself is a significant part of the collection. Wandering around the tranquil garden, sitting in courtyard of the monastery, sipping a cup of tea at Cafe Trie, your mind immediately transcends daily trivial. Art from the dark age has unique charm by bearing less egos but more spiritual energy. Highly recommend Cloister, especially to those haven't got a chance visiting monasteries in Europe!
Located in Fort Tryon Park in upper Manhattan, this branch of the Metropolitan Museum of Art focuses on the art and architecture of medieval Europe. The buildings and immaculately-manicured grounds, which provide unparalleled views of the Hudson River, the Palisades, and the George Washington Bridge, are as spectacular as the artwork found within. The extensive collection includes tapestries, sculptures, illuminated manuscripts, enamelwork, and stained glass. Docent tours are offered Tuesday through Friday at 3:00pm and Sunday at noon. In May, June, September, and October, garden tours explain the historical significance of the many and varied plantings. Concerts frequently are held in the 12th Century Fuentiduena Chapel from Spain. An ideal place to spend a newly warm spring morning or a crisply cool autumn afternoon. A word of advice - the bus trip from midtown takes an hour or so and passes through a multitude of decidedly unscenic neighborhoods, so save time and take the subway, then transfer to a bus that will deposit you at the front gate after a brief uphill ride from the park's entrance.
Tucked away in the northernmost point in Manhattan, this remote yet lovely spot is devoted to the art and architecture of  medieval Europe.  Located at the north end of  Fort Tryon Park, it is seated on 4 acres of land overlooking the Hudson River. (Take the A train to 190th St, then walk 10minutes along Margaret Corbin Dr) you'll enjoy the gardens that leads to the cloisters. I was always mesmerized by the serenity of this place. I remember having goose bumps just walking around, .just being there, and every time I come here I feel like being transported back in time.  I find myself staring at a vast collection of history. A 12th century chapter house, Parts of 5 cloisters from medieval monasteries, a Romanesque Chapter, and a 12th century Spanish apse (a circular vaulted extension from a chapel)  brought intact from Europe. Browse through  images of  thousands of  artworks,  .The extensive collections of works of Arts American, Paintings & Sculpture,   Arts of Africa,Asia, Eqypt, Greek,Roman & Islamic Art. Collections are housed by culture.,  The Tapestries, Carpets,Quilts, Laces, Embroideries, Intricate woven and printed fabrics from all periods. All these works of arts, the hands that created it, centuries ago,never cease to overwhelm me. Everything are extraordinary works of arts.  I can't get enough of it.  Central Park is nice but if you want quietness, serenity and solitude,this is the place.  A must see for all art lovers, connoiseurs,  and aficionados. Entrance fees:  $20.00 for adults $15.00 for seniors, $10.00 for students and for children under 12...it is free. Every Tuesday to Friday at 3:00 there is a free guided tour of the place. The Cloisters also have special events for the general public including concerts, garden tours, gallery lectures, workshops and medieval festivals, just call Tel# 212-923-3700 for information regarding the events.
Quiet. Peaceful. Serene. Cloister: "A place, or state of seclusion; a covered passage on the side of a court usually having one side walled and the other an open arcade or colonnade" (Merriam Webster online). Yes indeed. If you ever want to feel like you're not in NYC, come up to Ft. Tyron Park and the Cloisters. My parents and I wandered up here the other day and they thoroughly enjoyed their first visit. Mom's impression: "...tranquil and removed from the hustle and bustle of the city....even the buildings themselves really made you feel you were back in medieval times."*  Meanwhile--this being my second time here--I still thought of Python's Holy Grail...and kept waiting for Patsy to gallop around the corner with his coconuts...but I digress. As for the museum, it is filled with religious artifacts from various regions in France, Spain and Germany, there's a lot to take in and absorb. One can get a little dizzy reading each piece's placards if you don't know your history (::coughs:: me, for example). So, my method of enjoying the museum was to appreciate the individual pieces for their craftsmanship--stained glass windows, wood and marble carvings, etc. The marble and stone carved columns in the cloisters themselves are a marvel of stone masonry. I pictured myself wandering around late 12th century France, in the Benedictine abbey of Saint-Guilhem-le-Désert (founded in 804 by Guilhem) contemplating life. Additionally, I think my favorite room in the museum is the one that houses the infamous Unicorn Tapestries. Part of the attraction is that so little is known about the history of the woven works of art. No one knows who made them or commissioned them. Outside, there are three gardens to enjoy, each of them unique: the Cuxa Cloister Garth Garden which has medieval species mixed in with modern plants, the Bonneforte Cloister Herb Garden which has over 400 species of herbs and plants. The herbs are labeled "To touch," and "Poisonous, do not touch." There were also four quince trees (which I've never seen!). The third cloister garden, the Trie, has a small fountain and plants that are native to European woodlands and meadows. Lots of butterflies around here too. The general adult admission is $20, but it's just a "suggested" donation. I said to my dad, "that's crazy! Who wouldn't pay the full amount to have the privilege of visiting here?!?" He wholeheartedly agreed. *After visiting the Cloisters the other day, I've decided I'd split my time between living in the Morgan Library Museum and the lovely Cloisters.
location, location, location.  one of the best spots for a museum in all of new york.  the building itself is nice, and i appreciate how it seems far older than it really is. most of the art in the museum isn't my thing, but i found a room that i could love: THE ROOM FOR UNICORN HATERS most people might call it the room of unicorn tapestries.  well, most people are wrong.  my intention in this review is to give a thorough and well thought out : :cough:: tapestry by tapestry analysis of why they should reconsider the name. 1.) The Start of the Hunt:  self-explanatory.  the hunters are setting out on their day to kill.....something.  scholars have noted that the six-packs of coors light are just out of view. 2.) The Unicorn at the Fountain:  the unicorn is just minding it's own business. the head of the beast is leaning down, and the horn is dipping into the water.  some say it is removing snake venom from the water, but i say they are overlooking an obvious fact:  unicorns drink with their horns. 3.) The Unicorn Leaps the Stream: not so much leaping the stream as being frozen in fear from having four hunters point spears at you from every conceivable angle.  hey unicorn, you're surrounded!  the hatred begins. 4.) The Unicorn Defends Himself:  a better title would be The Unicorn Impales One of the Hunting Dogs.  PETA has petitioned to have this tapestry taken down with, so far, no success. side note about the 'himself' in the title:  how do they know if it's a he or not?  no man parts are visible. 5.) The Unicorn is Captured By The Maiden:  AKA If Unicorns Didn't Have a Thing For Virgins, None of This Would Have Ever Happened. in this one, the unicorn just lies down by the maiden while she gives the "i got him!" hand signal to the hunters.  note the sly look on her face.  she has the knowing look of a harlot.  virgin? doubtful.   6.) The Unicorn is Killed and Brought To The Castle:  in this one, the unicorn is in agony, as it is being speared to death in the background.  Meanwhile, in the foreground, the maiden is surrounded by men, who might be saying something like "so, uh, you free friday night?" 7.) The Unicorn In Captivity:  after being killed, the idea of being trapped in a tiny circular fence is so appealling to this stupid creature, it comes back to life to live in captivity.  why didn't it just go quietly then? In short:  horse breeds with a narwhal, and a rare creature is born.  it loves to kill dogs, has some creepy virgin fetish,  and it's completely indecisive, unable to decide whether it wants to get away or be captive. if you didn't already hate unicorns, the tapestries are a brilliant example of why you should.
When I was a little girl I had mapped out my life to the urban fairytale:  I would be a magazine editor at Vogue living in a Brooklyn Heights brownstone with my husband, JFK Jr. Flash forward 20 years later to sharing a junior 1-bdrm apartment in SF w/my two cats and maybe life didn't go according to plan, but visiting places like the Cloisters make me imagine the possibilities. I didn't even go inside (please, $20!!) but wandered around the lush, verdant grounds on the banks of the Hudson River on a gorgeous late summer day with low humidity and bright sunshine. Denizens milling about from all walks of Manhattan life, admiring the treasures of their great city. It captures glimpses of that urban fairytale of long ago that I dared to dream, New York in all its glory.
It seems to be  a world away from the frenzy of the city. The Cloisters is the branch of The Metropolitan Museum of Art devoted to the art and architecture of medieval Europe. Enjoy unparalleled views of the Hudson River, stroll through enchanting gardens, and see over 5,000 works of art, including magnificent medieval sculptures, illuminated manuscripts,  stained glass, and  Unicorn Tapestries. America's only museum dedicated exclusively to medieval art. The Cloisters is in many publications as suggestions for children. I think it depends on the ages and their interests. If they are art students ,yes and if they live in the city and you just want to show them something different in the city, there is a time for it. If they have a great imagination and appreciate fairy tales maybe. But for the most part from experience I can say you will hear a lot of I'm hungry, I'm tired , are we done yet? You know your child so based on this review you can decide. A great place for photographers and outings within the city especially in Spring and Fall.
If you are in ny for some days, don't miss this place! It's a little bit far from the touristy places, but the trip in the A train is really not that big! It's like less than an hour from downtown for exemple. It's very beautiful and in 2 hours you can see all the place (I went with an hour only and passed fast through all the galleries), so you won't stay there the whole day if you don't want to. The Tyron park, where the cloisters is, is the park with the best view in town, because it's in a mountain and you can see from above the Hudson River in a point where there are no buildings in the new jersey side. It's really bucolic also.
this is actually a great place for a 2nd or 3rd date! the whole act of getting all the way up to the cloisters is an experience - i was the most uptown i have ever been in manhattan. and the walk in the park on the way to the cloisters is GORGEOUS. the view of the water made me feel like was somewhere in upstate NY, not in the city. very surreal. the cloisters has a pretty cheap student discount, so i suggest you use it if you still have your college ID. they have an amazing medieval collection! wow. such beautiful stained glass, paintings, woodwork...it is amazing how they built this building custom for the collection. all the old fountains and doorways are legit, and built into the walls. it made me think about how during medieval times, ALL artistic forms were all pretty much based on jesus and serving jesus and die if you aren' t serving jesus. crazyness. so pretty tho! haha. they also have avenging unicorn tapestries! the little gardens on the different levels were really peaceful. it was an amazing place to be on a beautiful day. the cloisters are a gorgeous collection and museum, and i'm so happy i made the 35 min express train trip to get here.
This is pretty bad ass place. It is like an old monastery and you can wander around the museum and then look out a ledge over the Hudson. It is way up  I think in Washington heights. There is a subway line that lets you out pretty close but it can be kind of tricky to get there.  It is a good place to go and it never feels that crowded because it is mostly open to the outdoors. Trick: You really never have to pay for the museums in new york city. You can offer just one penny for a donation and legally they have to let you in.
Thanks Mabel!!! This place is a real treat. The museum is incredible, that it was built in fairly modern times still shocks me. Even before heading towards any of the exhibits, the structure itself overwhelms you. The thick, solid stone walls, huge doors, the large decks overlooking the river and mountains... Inside there is a chapel, solid stone, built exactly as one in use centuries ago. Also, there are tons of exhibits, most with religious undertones, that are really moving. Centuries old stained glass, kneelers and pews, wonderful tapestries and paintings. I only wish it were 10x's larger...
had the most romantic time with myself here.. stepping out of the train, surrounded by foliage, a long walk along the hudson river, a few sketches in my book, squinting in the autumn sun. I was quite moved by the Unicorn Tapestries as well.  As I held my own hand and savored a glistening apple while walking along the river I knew that this would be one of the most memorable days in my existence. risk: getting all sentimental and shht...see above reward: beautiful medieval architecture, sculptures, tapsteries
A medieval oasis in the city. The location may be a bit remote, being at the very northern tip of Manhattan, but its worth the trip.  The A line gets you close, but be warned that the Cloisters is at the top of a fairly tall hill and its a bit of a hike to get there from the train station. Walking into the Cloisters immediately transports you back to the 12th or 13th century monastic life of European Christianity.  The presentation is extremely well done and really showcases the incredible craftsmanship that the artistans of the time employed in the construction and decoration of their impressive buildings.  There is also a strong theme of unicorns, and they are showcased in amazing tapestries, paintings, carvings, and sculpture.   In the summer the Cloisters has several gardens that are very tranquil and the view off the western terrace across the Hudson is also amazing. It only takes a few hours to see the entire site, so its a good (read: not overwhelming) experience without the commitment of its bigger brother the Met.  A ticket from the Met gets you admission to the Cloisters as well, so hang onto your Met ticket and head North.
This is a fantastic museum; the location is a pain in the ass, but it also helps to set the mood as the area is gorgeous.  I love anything about medieval times, so this is as good as it gets.  Very helpful and knowledgeable staff as well
The train ride is just as adventurous as the museum itself. An hour later we were gettin' our Medieval artwork viewin' on. The building itself is breathtaking as is the scenery. Do yourself a favor and earn some smartpants points on your next date by taking them here. There are also fun places to grab a bite so don't be afraid to venture outward!
I went once for school. Kind of cool but a very average experience overall.
The Cloisters has a wonderful collection of medieval art and the building is really lovely, plus it's also located in a beautiful setting within Fort Tryon Park.  I've always liked the tapestries in particular, but the entire collection is very pleasing and there are also several peaceful courtyards.  It's a bit of a "hike" to get there (both literally and figuratively), but *very* well worth doing.  Also; since the Cloisters is affiliated with the Metropolitan Museum of Art, you get free admission to one if you visit the other - *but only on the same day*, and it's hard to imagine giving short shrift to the Metropolitan unless you go there fairly often.
How have I been a New Yorker all my life and just discovered The Cloisters just two weekends ago? This is a beautifully preserved, splendid location great for a daytime excursion. Coming in from Queens, it was a long and difficult commute to get here, but the detours my friend and I took throughout Washington Heights and Innwood was vastly incredible. We walked through the heartbeat of Little DR as we were fishing around for the M14 bus where we subsequently got avidly lost! At the same time however, we very much enjoyed the sights and sounds of this ethnically unique niche. In my mind, it was very comparable to Roosevelt Avenue / Corona in Queens. Our trek took us into Innwood... along the way we noticed a few very prominent features of this section in North Manhattan, that being the extremely steep, San-Fran-esque hills, and some ornate and presumably old churches. The neighborhoods are so quaint and serene and I didn't feel at all in Manhattan. It was surreal almost. Back to the Cloisters. The museum and gardens are absolutely rich with historic artifacts and religious relics of old. You are at liberty to roam the premises. Walking about aimlessly, it was easy for us to needle our way from the inside to the outside vicinities in total fixation of all the detailed beauty our eyes met in the mix of things. The curators diligently mapped out the grounds in a way to keep you busy for quite some time. I especially loved seeing the random candelabras, stained-glassed windows, and the herb garden. All in all, we may have spent two or three hours appreciating this lovely place. Something worth noticing... there's a cafe on the premises. Much to our dismay however, they had closed early (4pm) on the day we were there (Sunday). It would have been nice to have grabbed a bite while we sat and basked in one of the open gardens. C'est la vie... this took nothing away from the great experience. I would love to go back sometime in autumn; the Fall being my favorite season and The Cloisters becoming a special little getaway within the city.
WOW.  That's all you can say.  The Cloisters, which is the Metropolitan Museum of Art's branch that holds their collection of Medieval Art, is amazing.  The building itself sits at the top of Fort Tryon Park.  When we arrived (on foot from the subway, a nice little walk in the city), there were many people inside.  However it did not seem as if it were busy once we got in.  In fact, the almost instant serenity that you feel upon entering the first gallery is uncanny.  I'm glad we did this first on our 8 day vacation to NYC, as the calmness I felt upon leaving did not represent the standard feeling of electricity I had from being in the city.  However when people ask what my favorite thing to see was, The Cloisters is my answer.
the perfect romantic getaway and it only takes about 45 minutes to get there by train from the city, (from union square). The beautiful grounds provide a nice place to picnic and relax. LOVED: medieval architecture, garden tour stories about the tapestry and the unicorn horn
Beautiful and not swamped with people.  Don't go there in the winter.
Would it be uncouth to say I like the Cloisters better than the Metropolitan Museum?
Never been to Europe??  No problem!  Visit the Cloisters and you'll feel as though you've been transported back to Italy or Spain or France.  This place is unbelievable!  Next to the real thing in Europe(well, actually most of the Cloisters is built of the real thing which is incredible in itself), this is one of the most amazing displays of Medieval architecture and art that I've ever seen.  The actual cloisters (or gardens) are beautiful and tranquil.  I highly recommend picking up one of the many free guided tours that go on there, as well.  They are informative and fascinating, plus they go over the major highlights of the museum and its history.  This has definitely been added to my Quintessential New York Tour, even though you really do feel transported out of the city... in a good way!
We borrowed many of Europe's 12th and 13th century treasures and placed them in the scenic locatation of Fort Tryon Park with a view of the Hudson River.  Visit this museum because it is a true treat.  If you'd like to set yourself up for the mood and the era, first read Hesse's Narcissus and Goldmund and then go.  You will feel like you've jumped in the novel.  Anything to add an element of magic.
Ahhh this is one of my favorite places ever in NYC. My first visit here just happened to coincide with the Renaissance Fair in Fort Tryon Park, so it was an awesome time.  The long, upwards hike through the park to get here is also part of the experience. This is simply one of the most beautiful places you can find in the city -- absolutely breathtaking with its medieval architecture and the degree of quiet and solitude you find while wandering through the gardens and the cloisters.  I just love old, quiet things, especially the rareties you find in the city. Even though it's not a huge site, it can still be overwhelming with the amount of old artefacts you can slowly pore over. My favorites were the unicorn tapestries -- so amazing.  This is one of those must-see places that we're lucky to have only a subway ride away.
This place is AWESOME!  It is a trip and a half to go up here, but once you're there you just don't want to leave.  The view is spectacular!  The Cloister offers a sizable collection of Medieval art with a quaint garden that over looks the Hudson.  It doesn't take much time to to wander around the museum, so after you're done you can meander around Fort Tyron Park and take in the lovely, lovely scenery . . . sigh.
I suppose what really ruined the experience for us was the rude staff. The ladies at the front desk had no personality. We were charged $20.00, no questions asked (we didn't know about the "suggested donation") and weren't offered maps or any information whatsoever. After we paid the admission, we were told we had to check our bags in (which had all our camera equipment). We were then told to wait for security to see if he would approve us taking in our bags and he argued with me over my bag not being a camera bag (which it was). He finally stopped arguing with me and let me in as well as my friend. The place is absolutely beautiful and quiet even with some school field trips. The park itself is beautiful also. Who knew that this existed in Manhattan? Maybe we'll give it another try next time we visit NYC.
Medieval and Rennaissance art gives me hives but the grounds maybe be the best get away in NYC. A welcome alternative to going to Central Park and a cafe that is just as charming and half the price of Tavern On The Green. If your aim is to actually go inside the cloisters I would recommend waiting till summer. If you're just looking for an ideal walk - Fall. An ideal getaway - February.
It is like stepping into a different time and place. If you are a New Yorker, you need to visit the Cloisters at least once. It is a great retreat from the city.
Before my most recent visit, I would have given the Cloisters 5 stars, but I guess I had never been in the winter because I didn't realized the gardens would be closed. I absolutely love the gardens, and while I realize that you of course can't grow flowers and stuff in the winter, my favorite part of the museum is the architecture in the gardens. The rest of the museum is pretty nice too. The tapestries aren't really my thing, but I love the old medieval sculptures. The walk from the subway through Fort Tyron Park is absolutely gorgeous, and that alone is worth the trip up there.
Love this place, so much interesting artwork and excellent atmosphere!
An absolute must see for anyone visiting NYC. I'm amazed there aren't more recent reviews for this outstanding Medieval Museum of Art and Architecture. They have designed a building recreating a series of architectural environments to display a huge selection of original architectural pieces that have been built into the structure of this museum. It is a stroke of curatorial genius. The result is you walk around, walk through and look at all these fabulous original pieces in their original context. What could have been a strange oddity, like Fricks  Park Avenue historical fantasy, has been pulled off with a sense of clarity and vision. It could have been a terrible themed museum with lots of fake recreations but they have instead created a frame work for displaying and explaining the contents. Clearly one would expect nothing less from our friends at the MET but these things are not always guaranteed to work quite this well. The layout and the content are beautifully presented and unlike some other reviews you need way more than one hour to view the art, architecture and artifacts. There are some of the finest medieval pieces in the world on public display here, so if your visiting from afar take your time and really take it in. The quantity of quality at the cloisters is quite breathtaking. So perfectly presented and all in the equally beautiful and picturesque setting of Tyron Park. Another NYC success.
Here is a perfect day: Pick a day with great weather, pack a lunch and eat in Fort Tryon Park, then look around at the Cloisters and ponder how something this medieval and enchanted is in Manhattan.
Gorgeous setting to live out your fairy tale or medieval camelot fantasies.  Beautiful castle with wonderful views of the Hudson.  Grab your friends and a picnic basket with goodies for a nice afternoon.  This place may seem far, but the A train is much quicker than you would expect.
This museum is really amazing. Be sure not to crap out early--I think the most beautiful pieces are in the downstairs galleries. Unbelievably detailed wood carvings, trinkets, metal work, and so on from the middle ages. Can't even describe how cool they are.
Great little spot- built by John Rockefeller Jr and donated to the city is my understanding.  Takes the form of a midevial monestary- not a castle-- fyi.  I'm actually really into the middle ages, reading about them anyway, and I have to say- the collection was pretty outstanding- including the oldest maintained tapestries from the middle ages that still exist in the world(!)  The majesty & timeless quality of the location was lessened somewhat by the crowds of surly school children, but what are you going to do?
Is a branch of the Met Museum devoted to the art and architecture of medieval Europe. The building is like a castle that suddenly popped up in the middle of Fort Tryon Park. The museum and it's contents were acquired by the museum in 1925 and the Cloisters was formally dedicated in May 1938. Walking on the grounds outside and inside of the musuem is like entering a place where Harry Potter resides. The interior is made of large stone bricks with narrow staircases, vaulted passageways and courtyards with flowers, fountains, birds, bees and special gardens that showcase every kind of greenery that can grow in our climate. There is one spectacular pear tree that everyone oohs and aahs over. It was planted up against a wall in the main garden and the branches have been guided in a beautiful fan shape up the wall. There are lots of archways with pieces of architectural elements assembled from domestic and religious buildings that date from the 12th through the 15th century. Lots of medieval art stained glass pieces with religious depictions, column capitals, and tapestries from the 1500's.  The tapestries were some of my favorites to look at, woven in fine wool and silk with silver and gilded threads. Most of them depict scenes associated with the hunt for the elusive Unicorn. The lighting is really low and you're only allowed to get so close before an alarm sounds. Kind of a bummer because you really want to get super close to see the detail and intricacy, all to keep in tact i guess.   It's really a magical place and a great destination for a beautiful day. If you haven't been, Go!
Complimentary admission if you have one for metropolitan main building. It is located in 200th manhattan. We didn't know there was a bus directly going to the entrance. So we climb the little mountain in the freezing morning. The tapestries were fantastic and the only postcard I bought there was the unicorn. The guard was very nice and told us what was the most cherish piece in that room.
This was my second trip to the Cloisters. My first was about 30 years ago when I was assigned by my art history teacher to view Flemish paintings, vaulted ceilings and clerestory windows. He was an inspiring teacher and my experience at the Cloisters was so memorable that I was able share a lot of what I learned with my kid. While the repetition of subject matter got boring, the sameness was useful in pointing out the changes in style and technique as the development of painting and sculpture progressed through the ages. The Cloisters has marvelous examples of architecture that demonstrate how churches were designed to awe and uplift the spirit. The medicinal herb garden was also fascinating. The cafe was pricey but tasty and pleasant, and I was willing to spend some cash there because I wasn't shamed into paying the full admission price.
I loved it!  Beautiful place perfect for walking and exploring!  Your suggested admission also covers same day admission to the metropolitan museum of art.  Skip the cafe which is pricey and not very good.
Hidden jewel of the city. Absolutely worth the trip. Museum is awesome, their tours are quite informative. But you have to go there for the walks in the area around the museum, since the landscape is astonishingly beautiful.
It's well worth the trip if you are into medieval art. This place is what I envisioned parts of king arthur's castle to look like.
it is suuuuch a trip to get here.. but, it's worth it. This place is gorgeous. Especially on a beautiful sunny day because there are outdoor parts of the museum.
If you're a New Yorker and enjoy museums, this place is a must. I went last fall and everything about this place is great. You have beautiful Medieval art plus you have a wonderful view of the river and awesome grounds. Try leaving the museum around sunset to get amazing picture of the "castle" as well as the surrounding area. It truly does not feel like NYC.  If you're visiting NY, this place may be a little out of the way and may not be worth it  for Europeans who have the lion's share of gorgeous museums.
Amazing to see this gem of a place! Who knew this would be in the middle of Washington Heights?! Took my engagement photos here. I think you have to get permission to take pictures but my photographer handled all that. They came out really amazing. Its a really nice date spot, too, to enjoy the quiet together. Amazing that these places exist in Manhattan.
This was a very beautiful museum to visit. I imagine even more beautiful in the spring or summertime when there is greenery. Wait until May-ish to visit.
The Cloisters is a semi-hidden gem among the rough of Washington Heights. It's great that you can experience Medieval Art as well as European architecture in northern Manhattan. I came on a Tuesday afternoon and it was fairly empty-there were a few tour groups going on, but not obnoxious ones, so it was a very pleasant experience. I've been to MOMA and the Met, and both of those are always so crowded that you rarely get the opportunity to take your time and fully appreciate whatever art you find interesting. At the Cloisters it is just the opposite-since it is so far removed from the hustle and bustle of downtown, you can take your time and peruse the galleries at your leisure. The collection on hand is pretty diverse-tapestries, silver, brass, gold, woodwork, frescos, sculptures, etc. There are also beautiful gardens and terraces which offer superb views of the Hudson and the GWB in a peaceful setting. The park in which it is located (Fort Tryon) would be a great place to bring a picnic or go for a jog. We didn't interact with the staff much, if at all, but the woman who sold us our tickets was pleasant! My only complaint is that the descriptions given for a lot of the artwork or sculptures are very lackluster, and that the prices in their tiny cafe are very expensive ($3.50 for a water bottle, ladies & gents).
It's quite a trek to get here from Lower Manhattan!  Be sure to take the M4 to the entrance of the museum.  The walk from the 190 St. station is quite daunting.  Once you finally make it up all the stairs, you'll find peace and tranquility within each cloister.
My companion and I visited this museum in the very far north of Manhattan. They are a part of the Met, so that means that your ticket for the Met is also valid here within the same day. We were both impressed with the collection of medieval art, and I loved how they created this place to incorporate the pieces that they acquired, creating and constructing cloisters that would include the pillars and the columns that were original, easily blending in with the other architectural aspects that were not old, so to speak. I did have a good time here, and recommend this to people who would enjoy seeing this type of art. The reason why I am deducting a star is because of the admission fee. There is a RECOMMENDED admission fee, yet it is very steep. One must know however that this is a pay-as-you-wish institution, for historical reasons. So really, if you want to pay just 5 USD for two people, that is totally fine too.
My friend from high school in California moved to NY in '01, my first visit to NYC was in '04 and I emailed him for recommendations. His #1 reco? Go to the Cloisters. But I went to The Met, got brain-overload, and never made it out there. Second visit, trekked to the Bronx Zoo, no Cloisters. Third visit was during winter and I knew I was coming back in summer. So, on my fourth visit, I finally made the journey out to Fort Tryon Park and The Cloisters. And oh my goodness, what a place this is! It feels like places I saw in Ireland that I didn't think could possibly be in the US. It is so peaceful and lovely. Whoever said the walk through the park wasn't a good idea must have followed the sign with an arrow directing cars to the Cloisters. I can't imagine that was a nice walk on the street intended for cars. But if you take the walkway it is a beyond wonderful walk. So pretty! I don't know what else to say. So yeah, go there, take the A train to 190th street and walk through the park, it doesn't even take too long to get there, it is so worth it. On a funny side note I will mention the schmuck who proceeded to have a loud cellphone discussion right as the garden tour we had decided to take was starting. The guide finally paused and went over to remind him of the policy of no phone conversations and he tried to shame us all into letting him continue because it was his mother who had just gotten out of the hospital. I don't even know if he was serious or not, but either way it actually made the moment hilarious! Not so funny was just how many loud rings broke through the silence there. Come on now, this is a quiet place, do yourself and everyone else there a favor and turn off your ringer when you arrive!
I went to the Cloisters for the first time on 09/07/2014. Since I'm from Queens, I normally don't get to venture all the way up to Inwood, so it's taken me a while to come to the Cloisters. But anyway, I finally made it up here and I was really excited! I've heard that the Cloisters was an amazing museum that had beautiful gardens and provided visitors with a majestic view, unlike any other. But when I actually go to the Cloisters ... let's just say, I was more than disappointed. I mean, I think that it's great that there's a museum connected to the park, as families can go explore the museum and then walk through the park afterwards. And don't get me wrong, the view from the Cloisters is wonderful, and it's definitely scenic in every way. I was just disappointed with how ... small the museum was. I think I viewed all the gardens and every room in the museum within half an hour. Talk about disappointing after all the hype! Plus, the entrance fee to the museum is extremely expensive given the size - I understand that entrance to the Cloisters also provides you entrance to the MET, but realistically, are you really going to go from the Cloisters to the MET in one day, given the distance? I think not. Given that I live in Queens, I will probably not come here again. Also, if I didn't get free entrance with my Columbia University ID card, I probably would have never gone here.
I have been going to the Cloisters since I was in High School.  This is tranquility in the city.  I love sitting outside on the wall and just looking across the river.  If you are a New Yorker you should definitely hit this place at least once.
I first visited the Cloisters in the late fifties. I was an artist at the time and would hitchhike from Cleveland to catch some jazz and the art scene. After the warren of the city the Cloisters are pastoral and although way up in Manhattan easily reached by subway. Its particularly nice on a hot Summers day, the stone walls keep it quite cool; although nowadays it is most likely has a sophisticated air control system. Even kids like it with unicorn tapestries and Knights armor how could they not. With kids though you can't linger too long reading information or closely examine an object, it takes too long for them. So bring a picnic lunch and make a day out of it. And enjoy a refreshing change of pace from the city rush.
#4 bus goes all the way up Madison and down Fifth to/from the Cloisters.
This is by far my favorite museum of all time! As a huge sucker for medieval Christian arts, the Cloisters was a jackpot of artworks for me. You don't have to fly all the way to Europe to see medieval monasteries because the Cloisters has a large collection of pieces of them! Sponsored by Rockefeller, the Cloisters was built as an imitation monastery to house a collection of European monastery pieces and relics, some of which were saved from destruction during the French Revolution. Located in the Fort Tryon Park, the Cloisters is extremely out of the way from almost all New York attractions but trust me, it's definitely worth the trek! Inside this museum is an extensive collection ranging from impressive tapestry to remarkable sculptures to beautiful stain glass windows. The Cloisters even has a chapel exhibit that displayed the original gateway and the original altar! It's no wonder that this is the largest museum that focuses on medieval art in the US. However, the crowd favorite is the magnificent courtyards reconstructed using columns from European medieval monasteries. Take a break from the loud, bustling New York City in the serene courtyards within the Cloisters! As a part of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, your admission to the Cloisters will also grant you same-day admission to the Met itself and the audio guide receipt here will redeem you another audio guide at the Met, so plan a cultural day with these two museums on the same day. You can get to the Cloisters via subway ("A" line to Dyckman St. stop) or bus (M4 to the Cloisters). While the subway will be at least 20 minutes faster than the bus, you have to trek uphill to the Cloisters entrance. The bus will take more than one hour from the Met, but it stops in front of the Cloisters entrance. I recommend taking the subway to explore the park as you trek to the Cloisters while you have the energy and ride the bus back to the Met to take a break! --- tl;dr version: 1. Jackpot of medieval Christian arts from Europe 2. Awesome courtyards to chill 3. Get same-day admission and audio guide to the Met 4. Extremely out of the way so subway or bus there
The Cloisters are a really nice place to hang out, walk the grounds, see the gorgeous Medieval art and buildings, and marvel at the quirky little plants and their uses in the gardens.  The setting is beautiful, the vistas from the hill the museum itself sits on are lovely, and it's just a very mellow, interesting place to pass a few hours.  The reliquaries are particularly beautiful, and there are some sarcophagi in there that are really very interesting, as well.  *Definitely* a museum worth a look!
I went last November and I have to say that the building was structurally wondrous and the fact that it was on top of a hill made it super creepy, but Medieval Art is terrifying! A beautiful tapestry of a unicorn and in the next tapestry the unicorn gets stabbed. Just be prepared to see beautiful stained glass and a ton of religious iconography (and perhaps a general sense of dread).
Unforgettable. I went there for a first date... went again after we had our first child, each time was great.  Romantic and family friendly, try Leaf a resturant located inside to make the trip complete.
Short Version: 1. Good Scenery 2. Pricey food 3. Allow 1.5-2 hours Took a sunny Saturday morning to hike up the hill (It's behind the park overlooking the Hudson River - HI JERSEY!)  I hiked up the long way and enjoyed the trees and rocks along the trail as I saw other people walking around too. When I got up to the building, I saw that people could also drive there.  Walked up to the counter and showed my student ID (they ask for donations from students, so I could pay what I wanted.)  I went with my friend and he was a Columbia Uni student, so he got in for free. The museum was huge, with a lot of artifacts and rooms.  Part of the museum was outside, so we went outside and walked around the gardens as well as the separate rooms.  The atmosphere was very calm and I could see people relaxing here at the many benches they had scattered around the rooms. I took a camera and snapped lots of pictures.  It was slightly crowded, so I had to wait at time for other people to move. They had a very nice gift shop too.  I got a daisy flower necklace for $25 (It was on sale), but some of their items were pricey. On the subject of pricey, they don't allow food to be brought in, but the only cafe they had was expensive.  Good thing we ate beforehand, because I was not willing to pay for fast food at that price. Overall, go when the weather is nice for best experience and take at least 2 hours to make the slow walk around the museum at your own pace.   By the way, I noticed the many sets of stairs along the hill as I was hiking up and only realized that those stairs were a shortcut up to the museum when we were making our way down.  So if you want the fastest hike up the hill, you can take the small sets of stairs.
I stood next to thousand year old artwork and looked at medieval architecture from France, Italy and Spain dating back to the time of Columbus and Shakespeare. Its history at your fingertips. Not a bad way to spend an afternoon.
The Cloisters is definitely worth the trek!  Take the A train for a straight shot up to 190th St. Get out and walk through Fort Tryon right along the Hudson River - this experience is worth the trip itself!  Just like the Metropolitan Museum of Art, The Cloisters has an exquisite collection of art displayed in a carefully constructed building whose architecture is in itself a work of art.  The museum is not as overwhelming as the Met, but there is still enough to see that you could easily spend 3-4 hours here. The highlights: 1. FREE TOURS: On Saturdays, there are free walking tours with a very knowledgeable docent at 12noon and 2pm - very well worth the ~45 minute tour!  I learned a lot about "German medieval art" during our walking tour in July. 2. MEDIEVAL GARDENS: Definitely check out the medieval gardens - it's a riot.  Each plant is carefully labeled and maintained. There are various planters including "medieval medicinal herbs" and "medieval magic potion plants."  It's fascinating, plus, the gardens give you a great view of the Hudson River. 3. STAINED GLASS WINDOWS: This truly is the highlight of the art at The Cloisters. You'll learn about grisaille stained glass (geometric) versus religious stained glass.  It is all beautifully preserved. If you remember, try to bring a picnic lunch and enjoy the beautiful views from Fort Tryon Park before or after your visit.  There is a snack bar at the Met, but it's mainly just light fare.
A highlight to my recent NYC trip.  I had never heard of The Cloisters, nor was it on my "to-do" itinerary.   A friend who lives in NYC told us to check it out if we had time.  Intrigued, we did.   Unbelievably beautiful with an impressive collection of medieval art in a setting that feels more like rural Europe over Manhattan.  One could easily spend an entire day wandering the gardens, hallways, and rooms.   Take my advice, and add The Cloisters to your list of places to visit in NYC!   Take the subway, as you will enjoy the beautiful walk to the location through Fort Tyron Park.  It should not be missed (weather pending)!
Such a gem here in NYC. The cloisters are certainly worth a trip on a warm Sunday. It is a great escape and really transports one to another world or dare I say, time period. I've been to a lot of amazing churches across Europe so I'd say there isn't much new here that I haven't seen before.  However, if you are really into Medieval art or planning a trip and want a preview - this place is for you. This museum is also a lot quieter and more mature.  I didn't experience any floppy or crying children. There is a café here that has basic snacks and sandwiches with fountain drinks.  It's a shame because the café and garden are so beautiful and I would've love to have had some quality food to munch on while taking in the scenery. Definitly pack a lunch or eat something beforehand unless paying $15 for a soggy tuna sandwich and bottle of water doesn't make you cringe. Also, take some time to decide how you want to travel to the Cloisers.  The bus takes visitors right to the front door where as the train takes you outside of the park and will also include a solid 30 minute walk through the hilly park.  Wear comfortable sneakers - I highly regreted wearing my cute shoes through the park! The warmer months are recommended - I would've been miserable going through the park in the snow!
The cloisters are a beautiful, generally un-discovered area in Manhattan. They're an amazing refuge from the busy-ness of most of the rest of New York City, including Central Park. You won't find many crowds here. There are beautiful winding paths and a cute cafe. The Cloister museum itself is also neat if you're into medieval art. Personally, I find the Cloisters a great place to take photos and wander. It is a treasure not to be missed!
The boyfriend and I went here on a Sunday afternoon before heading downtown to watch a World Cup game. What an amazing spot - I went here as a child and loved it then but I appreciate it so much more now. The views of the Hudson are incredible along with the beautiful religious art. I love the gardens - they are truly gorgeous and led to manny interesting conversations about nuns and the religious history of Europe. The reason that this is a four star review instead of a five star review is because of the very loud tour guide who was showing around a group of students while we were there. I understand the need to make sure that people here you but at the same time, the Cloisters should be a tranquil and quiet place. Not a place where I want to run away from someone and go somewhere else in the building because someone who works there is speaking so loudly. Please ask your guides to lower their voices, especially in the outdoor spaces.
It was a pretty cool visit, mostly because we did not have to give the full $25 suggested donation, and only gave $5. The museum itself has this very old feel, cold stones, high ceilings, religious artifacts and misty smell as if you were forever in the fog, just without the actual fog. The terraces have beautiful views overlookign the Hudson and the GWB...the fall foliage, the reds, burgundy, orange and yellows was breathtaking. I would also highly recommend to take a walk around Fort Tryon Park!
The Cloisters are gorgeous, and yes, you can have a spiritual experience in a secular space. Some of the rooms are pretty sparse, but perhaps intentionally so. The architecture of the Cloisters is breathtaking. You could look at the religious art, or just marvel at the building itself. I would recommend going to the Cloisters during the summer at midday. There are fewer New Yorkers and fewer tourists, and you can sit in the middle of the building, the actual cloisters, and just take in the scene: the nature, the birds, the flowers, the herbs, the running water of the fountains. Or head to the west wing or whatever its called and bask in the sun with views of the Hudson. You won't believe you're still in Manhattan. The audio guides are a step above most of the stuff in the regular ol' Met on Central Park East. The Cloisters audio guides also play some pretty sweet medieval music you can listen to to get the feel for the time period. Just amazing. Worth the trip and the $$$
Beautiful museum surrounded by a park full of flowers.
So much to see and learn here! Beautiful collection and set up. I love that it isn't too loud or crowded, and you can take pictures of anything here. It is a very large place, but it wasn't too tiring to get around and didn't seem endless either. I forgot that I was in NYC after a while. The view outside is also amazing. Wear comfy shoes.
Its a great place, My first time and i was in awe... The view, castle, grounds and art work are all a must experience. Perfect place for a cheap extra brownie points...
I can admit I'm not the biggest fan of Medieval religious art, but I had a great afternoon visiting the Cloisters. I loved how spread out and emphasized each piece of artwork was because it helped me to not get overwhelmed by the quantity so that I could focus on the quality. And the architectural details? Stunning. I had to catch my breath after walking into a couple of those rooms. Don't miss the unicorn tapestries (or their stories on the little cards) nor the well-kept herb gardens. You may have to walk up a hill for a short way to get here, but there's so much to see besides just old Christian art that there's something here for everyone.
The first time I came here was for a school assignment several years ago and I really liked it - the architecture, the details in the tapestries, the assortment of cool artifacts... I revisited again today and it's just as beautiful as I remembered.   They have a great collection of ivory chess pieces on loan for the rest of this month and next month, so if you're a big chess fan (and even if you're not), I suggest you check it out.  They don't look like the regular chess pieces that you play with today... they are miniature carvings of kings, queens, berserkers, knights on a horse... Only got to tour the medieval stories/legends related things in the 1.5 hours I was there... but there is still plenty to see so I intend to take a trip back (perhaps in the Spring).  My favorite thing about the art here) is that most of the works of art tell a story.. you just have to find it in the details... (e.g. a column in one of the cloisters tells the story of David and the Lions, a collection of tapestries depict the capture of a unicorn).
This fabulous collection of religious art is displayed as art, in an essentially secular setting, which means you can see it and enjoy it without the trappings of being in a church, which not everyone finds that enjoyable.  This place, by contrast, is totally enjoyable, from the well laid out galleries, to the opulent objects, the cloisters you can linger in, the stained glass windows, the gardens, and the views across the Hudson.   I joined a tour just as the guide was explaining the Unicorn tapestries in exquisite detail.  This was the best, most informative museum tour I have ever heard.   Without doing a tour, you need about 1 1/2 hours for the exhibits.  A lesser known must-see is the Merode altarpiece.  The household objects in the picture are on display in the gallery.  I learned the master who painted this altarpiece, Robert Campin, hired Rogier Van Der Weyden as an assistant.  Mind boggling. I took the M4 bus from midtown directly to the entrance of the Cloisters.  While this mode of transport is lengthy and not for everyone, you will get a tour of Manhattan neighborhoods that are off the beaten track, like Washington Heights and Inwood. Plus you can take the M4 back to the Met where your Cloisters admission will get you in, provided you still have your sticker.  So save your sticker, and you will avoid sticker shock at the Met.
The world is your oyster after a visit to The Cloisters. Walk from the Main Hall to the Romanesque Hall and hang a right to enter The Fuentidueña Chapel. Once inside, gaze in wonder at the surrounding beauty and learn about the restoration process of the 12th century hanging crucifix before you. If you arrive early, you may catch the morning light beaming through the windows on the upper sides of the apse, which makes for stunning and dramatic photographs. For the brave of heart willing to trek it uptown to Fort Tyron Park, you will not be disappointed. Just like in medieval times, fortune favors the bold.
Small museum housing cool medieval art in a beautiful setting with serene views.  Pay what you wish admission.  Free coat check.  Mostly outdoors.  The daylight streaming through the columns is nice.  I liked the garden in particular, which has small sections that grow different plants for specific purposes, e.g. medieval medicine, housekeeping, "medieval salad", etc.  Hike up Fort Tyron Park to get here.
Fort Tryon Park is a lot more impressive to me than the Cloisters. If you already know you like medieval art, then you should definitely come. But if you aren't sure, and think you might get bored of reconstructed monastery courtyards and bleeding Jesuses, this place probably won't win you over. Also it seems too small to be considered like an impressive place worth spending the suggested $25. The one bright spot is the unicorn tapestry room. I'm a fan.
I'm not a fan of museums, nor am I religious, but I had an amazing time at the Cloisters. There aren't just works of art put in a room. These are works of art presented to you in a building that itself is art. I was able to get through it all in a little more than two hours. The surrounding area is also very nice. Definitely make a half day of it!
amazing place. beauriful. just employees need to be more prepared Tô help non english speakers.
Just the concept of this place blows me away.  Rockefeller had five different buildings from three different places in Europe dismantled and brought here stone, by stone, so that he could create this nod to Medieval fabulosity.   I'm not Catholic, but I guess if you are, you could even better appreciate the art and relics inside.  I just enjoyed them for what they were - amazing creations by the human imagination and hand.   Many people come here for the unicorn tapestries, which are definitely impressive since they are on such a grand scale - you wonder how they were woven back in the day.   I really loved the reliquaries (sp?) especially for their macabre element, and the amazingly illustrated books of devotion.   The setting is gorgeous, but would have been even more so, had it not been so cold and grey out.  There are some amazing views nearby, one of which I believe, is the highest point in all of Manhattan.   I liked that they had really fragrant fresh, live, flowers inside, on each window sill.  It made the late spring that much more tolerable.
Calling The Cloisters a hidden gem sounds cliche, but I'm glad it really is one.  I live within walking distance, and the Cloisters and the surrounding Ft. Tryon Park are my refuge.  The views of the river are exquisite.  I usually don't even go into the museum, but just wander aimlessly around outside.  It's easy to lose yourself here, and that's the whole point.
I finally made it out to the Cloisters.  This is like one of those places New Yorkers never seem to make it out to (like the Statue of LIberty and Empire State Building) but all the tourists seem to have on their must-see list.  I'd been told over and over again that I have to see the Cloisters but given the trek, I'd put it off (like I did Versailles when I was in Paris), but I *finally* made it out there!  That said, I may officially now have nothing left to see in New York.  ;) I'll be frank.  Yes, the medieval artwork is beautiful, you do feel like you are not in Manhattan (or not even in this country, for that matter) and the museum is intimate and peaceful, but I don't know if it is worth the hype.  It is a great museum and I am supportive of it, but no greater than say the Met Proper, Moma, the Guggenheim, or the Frick.  Actually, the intimacy of the collection reminded me of the Frick. I actually came here on a date and it seemed like there were many other couples/dates there as well.  Then there is the usual collection of tourists and families and then what surprised me is we saw two separate ladies having their photos taken there by professional photographers.  I suppose it makes a good backdrop for such things but neither of the women looked like runway models or really dressed up so I can't quite put my finger on what kind of modeling they were doing there and why, but I'll just say the poses they were doing were provocative.  Go figure.  At the Cloisters, no less, which does have that air of solemnity to it as befitting a place full of religious medieval art. The collection itself is nice.  Lots of tapestries (with unicorns, which we learned are symbolic of Christ), stained glass, artwork of the annunciation, Mary everywhere, Jesus on a donkey, sarcophagus of saints, vaulted gothic ceilings, and several beautiful courtyards.  Admission is a recommended $25 (Bank of America card holders get free entry we discovered) and they do have tours and a cafe. As far as getting here (the real "challenge"), we took a cab from Columbus Circle and it came out to only about $20 and our cabbie knew where he was going.  Now you have no excuse not to go.  If going in a group, particularly with relatives, I would suggest taking a cab for sanity reasons.  But you can also get there by taking the A train, preferably the express.  There is a cute park and walking area surrounding the grounds which are nice to explore as well and there were a lot of locals out and about who had come to just enjoy the beautiful day.
One of the most beautiful places in the city, stunning. Definitely worth the trek.
I love this place! It's in the middle of Fort Tryon Park (definitely make sure you take time to explore the gardens, it's worth it)! You can pay what you want on Sundays, so that's the day I went. Loved hearing the guided tour and thoroughly enjoyed looking at their collection of illuminated "Hours" books. Would definitely come back again, just to sit on their terrace and take a look at all the authentic medieval plants. This is a must-do for New Yorkers!
This is by far one of the most boring museums out there as far as the actual art on display is concerned. It mostly consists of medieval christian art. If you're a Jesus freak or if you like art from The Omen movies, you will love the place. Much like The Getty, the art in the museum is not what you go for. You go for the actual museum itself. However, once you make the journey to the museum, it doesn't live up to the journey to get to the museum. If you drove to museum you will miss out on the 30min walk towards the museum which is pretty much the only good thing about coming here. The flower lined park walk with the hudson river backdrop is the only thing redeemable about the place. There's a reason why hardly anyone goes here and it's not because it's so out of the way. I'm glad I went but I don't think I will be coming back anytime soon.
A great hidden museum a few mins away from the GWB It's a quiet little retreat from the hustle and bustle of NYC. We went off peak in June of 2012. We arrived just when it opened and didn't encounter a lot of tourists or people for that matter. We were able to see every exhibit and room without any problems. Plus the views are exceptional. The garden was nice but don't expect one of botanical levels. Cost was a little pricey but it's a museum and going to a good cause. Parking was free and you need to get their early for a good spot,if any at all. When we were leaving it was getting busy.
Great location for a short, easily accessible, 3-4 hour trip. Unless of course you want to spend more time in the park itself. If you want to just get out of the hustle & bustle of the city without having to take a long journey out, this is a good idea for a summer time excursion. The museum is tremendous, such ancient medieval artifacts so well preserved, the architecture is striking, the central courtyards are tranquil despite the visitors walking through them. Great photography opportunity. A must see. If you're driving then it's pretty easy access off of the Henry Hudson just north of GW Bridge.
The Cloisters is the medieval European branch of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. In addition to its namesake cloisters, excavated from several European abbeys, which adorn gorgeous interior gardens and courtyards, it also boasts exquisite collections of religious art, stained glass windows, tapestries, and sculptures. As you browse chapel after chapel, and garden after garden, you feel like you've left the city and entered an ethereal, otherworldly medieval monastery. As much art as there is, it's easy to cover the entire campus in half a day and still have time left over to head down to the Met as well, as your admission fee covers both campuses. A vastly underrated, underdiscovered, must-see New York City gem!
This is my mother and my's favorite place in the City and that's saying a lot because we pretty much love everything about NYC.  When you visit the Cloisters you just feel like you are in another world.  The gardens are amazing all year long and there are cafes to eat.  The art and ambiance cannot be beat.  It's easily (and safely) accessible by the subway and worth the trip!  PLEASE go here and support the Cloisters!
Grew up going to this park and even celebrated some birthdays here. It's great to see its greenery continuing to serve peace, tranquility and fun times to its visitors. The kids' playground is a great option of the kids get tired of just the picnic areas. During the spring time, it's great to come see the flower blossoms. Of course, you always have the option of visiting the museum. They have an amazing collection.
One of the City's most romantic places. I love the Cloisters and the tapestries. Unicorns and maidens and knights.
Like other long-time Yelpers, I save the milestone reviews for special places. It's pretty much a cardinal sin here to allocate a special number review to anything that's not at least 5 stars. Ain't no way I'm writing review #150 on a burger place with horrid service. No, my 150th review goes to one of the most underrated places in NYC. The Cloisters is a hidden gem. You will quickly forget you're in Manhattan, even from the moment you enter Upper Manhattan. Why this place rocks: 1. Conveniently located near the subway (190th Street), about a 10 minute walk through Fort Thyron park. Be sure to take the elevator though! Following the bunker-style ramp will just take you to the base of the neighborhood to marvel at sheer cliffs. On the A train it's about a 30 minute train ride from the Times Square subway stop. 2. Affordable. You pay as you wish (same policy as the Met). Keeps art accessible to all. 3. The entire museum was designed to make the art feel at home, often times incorporating actual pieces of medieval churches. The pieces range from incredible detailed wood carvings to huge tapestries. One of them featured the rad adventures of a unicorn (whose name I don't think is Charlie). It's manageable and not crowded. 4. Free tours. Ask when the next one is when you go in. A friend and I went on the highlights tour, which at an hour is a comfortable length to get exposure of the museum's best offerings. Our guide was friendly and knowledgeable. 5. The views of the Hudson, GW Bridge, the Park, Jersey Palisades, and the Bronx. Go check it out!
Love this hidden gem. Such tranquility and beauty. A real treasure of our City that few people experience. The medicinal gardens are fabulous.  Just go
If you want to get away from the pace of NYC, this is a good museum to visit when you're opting for something more contemplative. It has an interesting array of medieval art, but if you're not particularly interested in art from that period you may find this museum to be a little boring. Easy to cover all exhibits in less than half a day. What makes Cloisters stand out is its environment and surrounding Fort Tryon park.  They (like the more well know "Met") participate in free admission Bank of America days, although technically all admission is by donation.
Beautiful, romantic, by donation only.
It's much closer than I thought to reach the Cloisters via A train. Yes it's small, but you feel so tranquil there. The garden of the museum, the glass windows, the tapestries, the sculptures of the sleeping saints, the arch doors and entrances... Subtle and elegant. The view of the riverside path of the Fort Tryon Park holds such tranquility and beauty. During the winter days everything is of a different flavor. I will never forget the river topped with pieces of ice and snows under the sunshine. These little beautiful things made me feel special; my heart felt like a balloon filled with beauty about to burst...
I thought I was in a cute monastery in the middle of medieval Europe. There was a certain relaxation you felt when you get off the train and walk into Fort Tyron Park. The museum was beautiful, the artifacts were remarkable and I just loved being there. I can see how many people fall in love on their visit here. You would never imagine there would be  place like this in Manhattan.
I love this place for a few very basic reasons: 1. Admission price is suggested. Support at whatever level you can which can be as low as $1. 2. It's beautiful. All the time. 3. It's in Fort Tryon Park and is a lovely walk including a view of the Hudson River and heather garden. 4. It has it's own medieval garden and terrace (complete with cafe, why am I such a sucker for cafés??). It's fun to nerd out on typical plants for the era including nightshade! 5. The museum building itself is the exhibit. The physical space is, well, beautiful.
This is my favorite place in New York. Come in the spring or early fall, climb up to the Trie Cafe, and feast on the views of the river and forested, unspoiled New Jersey shoreline. (Apparently when the Rockefellers purchased the land where the Cloisters now stand, they also bought the shoreline opposite it, so the view would remain perfect.) It's quiet, beautiful, and peaceful, as unlike the rest of Manhattan as anything you can imagine. Also, don't forget to check out the giant narwhal tusk in the room where the unicorn tapestries are displayed.
Gorgeous! We were so glad to make the effort to come here. The gardens and museum are world class. I saw better examples of Medieval art here than in Europe. Fort Tyron is just as spectacular. The views of the Hudson...the walk up...the weather...were all fab. We actually took the subway from Soho and it was super simple to get to and find...make sure you take the express train. You are going way north, but worth it.
Awesome views and stupendous art and artifacts from medival europe.
There is no place in NYC as magical as the Cloisters!  A blast from the past, to Medieval Times! There's much religious themed stonework, but it is so beautiful!   The last time I went they had the Unicorn Tapestries, which were lovely.  On the lower level there are beautifully elaborate tombs made out of stone and wood, it's fun to try to decipher the person they are trying to portray.  Also make sure to check out the chapel, it's very peaceful in that room. The outdoor garden area with all the plants and flowers is beautiful in the Spring and Summer, as well as the views from the balcony are breath-taking.   One of my favorite places in NY and it's Pay-What-You-Wish.  What more could you ask for?
I really wanted to see the Cloister on our current trip to NY but wasn't sure it would have mass appeal for our whole family. Turns out this was the best thing we've done so far. The grounds are beautiful and the building's architecture is very interesting. It almost feels like you're in a real castle (except for the roaming security staff and groups of school kids on field trips). It had a nice mix of statues, tapestry, art work, pottery, and furniture from the medieval time period. The admission is $20 per adult but that also gets you into the Museum of Modern Art. Of course, like with all NY museums the $20 is the suggested fee, if you can't afford the high price just make a donation you can afford.
Pretty unique and amazing museum. The architecture in itself was more inspiring and amazing than the artifacts inside. The items here go back to the 14th/15th century and leave you in awe. Definitely worth a visit. The museum itself is not that big, and probably can be easily covered in less than 2 hours. While you are in the area, also visit Fort Tryon Park for the great views of the river / GW Bridge. As for getting there, we walked from the Dyckman St subway station and although it was a bit of a hike getting up there, it wasn't that bad.
Highly recommended to me, but I wasn't crazy about the art as much as the cloisters and gardens. It's located in Ft. Tyron Park which in and of itself is a must. I would go again just for the gardens.
Extreme micro policing of archaic rules I'm sitting in their outdoor patio space and various officers have said: You can't use our electricity or our plugs (to charging a phone about to die. WTF) You also can't eat fruit in their non indoor patio space even though they have a cafe which sells fruit. You also can't have backpacks (and you can't store any electronics or valuables in their coat check) so I am carrying around ALL the contents of my bag spilling out of my arms while walking around. If there's one way to ruin a visitors experience of a place you take a 1 hr train ride to, just make it extremely inconvenient to do anything like replenish your energy levels, electronics, and make you drop belongings everywhere. Thanks! Guess you just want rich manhattan locals that don't have to make a commute, nor work and carry any belongings. Plus just be really short with your patrons!
Why add my two cents when 129 people already have written reviews? Because this peaceful oasis is one of my favorite spots in New York City. The artifacts never cease to fascinate me, and the beautifully landscaped grounds - especially in spring and autumn - are a lovely place to relax and meditate. This should be a must on everyone's things-to-do list, whether you're a local or a tourist.
I swear I wrote a review on The Cloisters like 2 years ago when my brother visited me during his summer vacation but I guess either Yelp has some retarded FILTERING system that made a mistake and deleted my review OR I'm getting too old to remember things now :( I'll keep it short. It's a part/branch or whatever you call it of the Metropolitan Museum. Yes, it's a bit far from Midtown but it's well worth it. You'll feel like you've suddenly transported to Europe during the Medieval times. So much artwork, paintings, sculptures, stained glass windows, a center garden, and gorgeous views of the Hudson River and the New Jersey Palisades. Definitely come during Fall season when the surroundings are absolutely gorgeous and SUPERB picture taking opportunities!!
Nice spot; missed a HS field trip here but returned many years later. I stuck to the Alpine Garden but don't believe in "Suggested Donations"; don't tell me I have a free student entry and pressure a donation. PEACE.
*Tickets are pay what you will as of 10/2013 Put your Camera away. This is a place for walking slowly and looking and breathing. Stop trying to document the whole thing. Limit that camera use and actually BE there. This is a gorgeous combination of medieval architecture, medieval gardening, and a knockout collection of artwork. Stars for me are the Van der Weyden and the Unicorn Tapestries. Currently there is an installation of Janet Cardiff, Moetet. Its a gorgeous sound installation and its so great that everyone has lined up to see and experience it. Usually The Cloisters is a quieter place but, apparently not through January. Places to eat: Food is lackluster at The Cloisters, If you want a mid range price meal try New Leaf down the hill (Bette Midler owns it) or consider heading to Fort Washington ave and 187th st where there are many many dining options. Or Pack a picnic and eat it in Fort Tryon Park, which surrounds The Cloisters.
A branch of the MET, The Cloisters were constructed to exhibit medieval art in a location more appropriate to time period of the pieces. Although it was built in Manhattan in the 1930's, you will instantly feel as though you have traveled back in time and across the Atlantic. Its a trek to get that far north on the island, but well worth it. Its unlike anything else I've seen in country!
The Cloisters is a museum located in Fort Tryon Park, Washington Heights, New York City. The building, which is a branch of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, was built in the 1930s resembling architectural elements of several European medieval abbeys Personally I think the Cloisters is an AMAZING extension of the MET, super rich with history and located in a beautiful part of the city who's fern and foliage (dare I say it?!) absolutely BLOWS Central Park out of the water! But what really BLOWS is that they close SO EARLY everyday - even on weekends, I mean closing at 5:15pm on Saturdays is RIDICULOUS - even closing at 7pm would be a huge improvement. I knocked off a whole star just because of that. Other than my one grievance, Fort Tryon park and The Cloisters makes for a wonderful afternoon with friends, family or your significant other. Fantastic views of the water, the silence and solace that you can only get in nature and the wonderful medieval art here, rich with history, makes for a great day whenever you want to be a tourist in your own city, as I sometimes like to do :).
This is a gorgeous garden. I just found out I was pregnant and the weather was nice.  This garden put me in a peaceful mood and has that certain dreamy quality to it.  I wish people did not smoke in or around it though.  I went there after going to the Met and I think the price is worth it that way. Plus, it was on the way back from the Met to Jersey so it worked out.  Otherwise, it's a bit pricey for a day trip unless you are an enthusiast.  The views are stunning and you can do plenty of walking.
Awesome museum hidden in Fort Tryon Park in Washington Heights. The location is a bit of a hike but I feel like it gives it something special. Take the A train to 190th Street, take the elevator and you are at the park entrance. Follow the signs to the Cloisters, it's about a 10 minute walk through the park. I was surprised - the park was really nice, large, serene and not crowded. Beautiful views too. Just be aware, it's very hilly, you will get a serious workout (this was especially true on the way out of the park but I may have taken the wrong path). The museum itself is not big but just appropriately sized for one visit, you should be able to see everything. A great collection of medieval and religious art. Lots of paintings, sculptures, tapestries, columns, etc. As much as I dislike religion, I think religious art is really beautiful. I really liked the unicorn tapestries as well. Since its part of the Met, the donation is recommended. I hate to admit it but I went in for $1 (I just bought Sleep No More tickets, so don't judge ok!) Has a nice gift shop too! Not as amazing as the one at the actual Met, but they sell some interesting pieces (Met shirts, scarves, jewelry, etc.) I expected the garden to be bigger but it was still very pretty. Unfortunately, I came on a Saturday afternoon and the whole museum was very crowded. I waited in a long line to get in and didn't enjoy the experience as much. The garden is small and has narrow passageways that were crowded with people/children so I basically wanted to get the heck outta there as soon as possible. Try to go on a quiet day, you'll enjoy it more. Take the trip, it's worth it!
This is another great escape in manhattan that really makes you feel a thousand miles away. If I woke up in a coma there I would definitely assume i am somewhere in Europe. Maybe thats because i'm not a super historian, but it is a remarkable place to get away from the city mayhem.
The fact that the Cloisters, established in 1938, have only 284 reviews whereas the High Line, that just opened in 2009, already has 1,025 tells you all you need to know about how far off the beaten track the Cloisters are.  It is about a 30 minute ride on the A train from Penn Station or $35+ cab fare to get here. But the trip is well worth it to see North America's largest collection of stained glass and the only place (outside of a church) to see the glasswork as it was meant to be seen:  illuminated against natural light.  It also has the remaining pieces of the famous unicorn tapestry.  The gardens, reconstructed European medieval monastery and the surrounding Fort Tryon park all come together to make a sublime setting.  I highly recommend the guided tours.  There is no extra charge and it is very informative.  Also photography (no flash) is permitted in the museum. When taking the A train back, make sure you take the express as it covers the return from 125th Street to Columbus Circle - 59th Street without stopping.  That's 66 streets in 8 minutes.  In fact, you could choose to start your day off at the Cloisters, then get off at Columbus Circle-59th Street and explore Central Park before continuing on to a Midtown or Downtown hotel.
Want to feel like your in France, Spain or Italy?..Run, don't walk to the Cloisters.  A great escape.  BTW admission is a suggested donation.  I find $20 steep.
The Cloystahs!  OK, I lived here way too long to not have stepped foot inside this museum. If you like medieveal art and history, this is the spot. Beautiful location with a few outdoor spaces that a person can enjoy like terraces overlooking the Hudson River, GWB and the Palisades. Enjoy that now before LG starts building and changing the landscape, btw. It's by donation to come in, so you choose what the visit is worth, but don't be cheap. People work here, art should be preserved and I, at least, think that the place is pretty cool. If you decide to skip the museum, the grounds around it in Fort Tryon Park are nice with walking trails and nice views. Or just do as the natives and bring a cooler with food and wine, pick a rock and have a picnic. Just remember that it's not legal.. you know, so put it away when circumstances call for it. Oh and there's parking all around and you can hit up public transportation with the M4 bus dropping off and picking up right in front.
So beautiful! We hiked up here from the train, and it was well worth the trip! The building itself is just as beautiful as the art in it! And to say it, the admission is suggested, so dont feel like you have to shell out 20 bucks to see it (especially when it took just less than a hour to go through).
Love medieval art, love this museum...but hate its limited parking. It was a beautiful day to explore the museum in its entirety today. Having the park nearby to hang out after was an added bonus.
Oh how I Miss the art scene in NYC:). Love this place.  Worth the trek here.
Let's step back in time... sometime between the 12th to 15th century.  What do you get?  The Cloisters Museum and Gardens (part of the Metropolitan Museum of Art).  Gorgeous architecture and art of medieval Europe.  Located in the Fort Tyron park... also with gorgeous views overlooking the Hudson River. Easily accessible by car or train ride.  Nice and quick escape for a few hours.  I love NY!
What an absolutely breathtaking experience it is to visit this hidden gem of medieval art in the heart of Northern Manhattan. I enjoy coming here all the time and regularly attend workshops and informational tours provided by an amicable and professional staff. The experience is almost like a literal winding trip to the old world - filled with wonderful art and architecture you simply cannot find anywhere else in this country. Ft. Tryon Park is home to perhaps some of the most amazing views on the isle of Manhattan and I am so glad that the Cloisters continues to be a staple of art and culture in Northern Manhattan. I recommend this wonderful museum to all!
Amazing. - Entry is by donation. - Do not miss the outdoor garden! - Eat before you come here, the food and drink options are a thumbs down. - They have parking for those with disabilities. Drive to the front door, have someone go in and tell the closest guard that you need disability parking. They will let you into a medieval looking private gate where you can comfortably park your car, have an escort take you in and they have many wheelchairs available. The experience you have here totally depends on your mood, the season, etc.  I would recommend going in an off-time, when you feel reflective, and either by yourself or someone you really love.
One of my favorite places to go.  It's so peaceful, so beautiful, so tranquil...go here to escape the craziness of the city.  You will love it.  And, you'll probably learn a thing or two about medieval art!
I have always appreciated medieval art, even from an Atheists perspective a lot of it is simply breathtaking and contributes to today's life (as you know, much of it is religious.) The theme of The Cloisters is Christianity and unicorns, as well as some other mythological happenings. I was knocked aback with awe several times noticing the craftsmanship and artistry that went into a lot of these works. How did they apply so much detail to the statues and figures in the 15th century? How? I can't even do that today if my life depended on it! There are several gardens spread throughout the museum which is basically a really cool friggin' CASTLE. In the gardens you can find medieval vegetables and plants, labelled and out to smell and view. Real live stuff, so please do not abuse. There is a lot of history here, and I am glad I got to experience it in person. PS - Admission here is "pay what you want" and also gets you into The Metropolitan!!!!
I love this manageably-sized museum in a lovely park.  I wish it were closer to the center of town, but then I suppose it would be more crowded.  I'll definitely send all my out of town visitors.
Though the Cloisters is far, far up in the northern end of Manhattan, it's absolutely worth the long subway ride to get there. Full of medieval and religious art, it's an amazing museum surrounded by a gorgeous park and lovely views all around. My favourite parts were in the basement, with the old manuscripts, stained glass windows, and ancient everyday objects from the era. Bring your walking shoes, you're going to need them.
DO NOT MISS OUT ON THIS HIDDEN GEM IN NEW YORK CITY.  Now that the city has gentrified, you can take the bus or the subway safely all the way up to the park and the museum at the northern most part of NYC.  The views of the palisades across the river in NJ are spectacular, especially during fall.  Once at the museum, you can't see any of the high rises of Manhattan - you feel like you have been transported to Europe.  The collection of stain glass is astounding.  The unicorn tapestries are amazing.  It only takes about 2 hours to do a complete tour of the museum.  Take the time and have lunch at the New Leaf Restaurant and Bar in Fort Tryon Park.  It is a 5 minute walk from the museum and half way back to the subway and bus stop.  We had a wonderful lunch outside.  The food was good and the ambiance can't be beat.  If you went to the Metropolitan Museum of Art the day before save your stamp.  I got in for a dollar.
4 1/2 stars.  Not the perfect museum experience, but certainly the perfect cloistered museum experience. I am neither qualified nor inclined to talk much about medieval art except that while it must have provided great emotional connection for people of its time, there isn't a lot of connection here for me except as a history of another time, another place, and another people on the evolutionary path.  Which makes it a valuable afternoon -- if not an often repeatable quest. I spent most of my time here watching the artists/art students who seemed to be everywhere -- sketching the architecture, the paintings, the stained glass, the statuary -- the gardens.  Fruit trees in bloom... Wooden benches and stools. The angles and arches -- and even each other.  I watched one young woman sitting on the floor, patiently reproduce the strange distortions of perspective and proportions of a relief high above her head -- it was hypnotic.   The Cloisters is one of those places that most residents of NYC and its surrounds don't seem to know much about or have visited -- it's not as current or HUGE or quirky or ... whatever as some of the other museums.  It's just a quiet, ongoing meditation on something across centuries, oceans, and states of mind. I suspect it is also a good place to bring children because it looks like places they've been to in literature and movies.  This is as close to castle-ish as many of them will have ever visited, complete with all the details -- so there's lots of room for oooo--ing and ahhhh-ing.   Lovely.  Peaceful.  A little slow and boring if you've had too much caffeine.  Otherwise -- an excellent afternoon.
One of the best things to do in this part of the city is go to the Cloisters. The museum is beautiful, and the entrance fee is "recommended", not required, meaning you can give whatever you like (obviously if you can put the full amount do so, but for those of us that are on a budget you can put a few bucks). The museum is also right in Fort Tyron park, which is gorgeous and it's a great place to spend the whole day!
Came here for the first time last summer. It's a beautiful museum that but many new yorkers know about. Hidden away on the hills of Washington heights this place has a lot beautiful outdoor spaces that allows a step back into medieval times. Go there for beautiful architecture and culture without pretentiousness.
This is where I want my boyfriend to propose. I think it is a beautiful museum with a charming cafe. I love the medicinal garden, the hike there is enjoyable and lush with foliage and the view of the Hudson is gorgeous.
The gardens at the Cloisters are so incredibly stunning! Make sure you go when it's spring or summer to get the most of the flowers. The art within the museum is great, very different from the art in other city museums.
Gorgeous!! If you close your eyes for a few moments and walk through Fort Tyron Park, you'll soon forget you're in NYC.
The tickets are pay what you can, which is lovely for a graduate student like myself. I seriously felt like I could meditate in this beautiful space. Gorgeous views as well. The artwork collection is small but wonderful and I stood in awe of the architecture. All of it was just enough to take in and relish in its beauty. I feel some places contain so much that you don't sometimes get a chance to just "be" with the pieces.   It was worth the trek from Chelsea to here. I'm not from NY but I am so glad I made time out for this magical place. The gift shop also offers a variety of gifts for yourself and for others, and I left with a couple for myself and for my loved ones. I can't wait to visit again.
A perfect setting for the artwork.  It was really nice to be in a museum designed to showcase the collection.  I loved the rambling and quiet.  It is  not  crowded so there is a contemplative and private feel.  The plants inside the courtyards seemed rather ill placed and did not add to the experience.
Happy 75 Anniversary Cloisters! And what does that mean??!! Unicorns! Ok, not crazy about unicorns and during the unicorn exhibit tour my eyes would drift now and then, but hey it is the Cloisters interesting way to celebrate their 75 years. I like the Cloisters not for its art but for the building its self. I have been watching a lot of Game of Thrones lately and was strolling the castle in my long summer dress like I was Sansa Stark (I may or may not have looked upon a young child or two and said softly "Oh hello Trion Lannister.") Barely looked at the art but instead enjoyed my self in the beautiful gardens. The herb garden is great and informative. Seriously, read the labels it is pretty fun. I especially like the big signs that just said "Poison"  There is an outside cafe area too where you can sit and chat (note: bring your own food. $3 for nuts is nuts). In essence, an enjoyable day.
Today was my first time here and the weather was perfect.  It is beautiful and peaceful so different from the city.  I must come back during summer and fall to hopefully catch the sunset. Perfect place for a date...there is a lot of walking involved so no high heels. This is such a romantic location and I can see why couples get married here...
I guess the filthy rich just see the world much differently than the rest of us, but John Rockefeller and friends had an amazing collection of medieval art and what better way to hold and display their collections than inside actual European monasteries. Therein lies a small problem because the museum is located in northern Manhattan and the monasteries were in France . So in a move similar to William Randolph Hearst  or -- keeping with a medieval theme -- Our Lady of Loreto, they just moved rooms from several monasteries to New York. In fact, if you walk through the cloisters, you can still see the numbers on some of the bricks. Each stone was numbered, crated, shipped to America, and reassembled. And here they live on the highest point in New York City. Actually, it's an act of mercy because several of these monasteries were probably confiscated and by the time Rockefeller and Co. came along were used by farmers to hold barnyard animals. He didn't stop there because Rockefeller also bought and donated the land across the river in New Jersey so that when you were at the Cloisters you could look across the river at green forest, rather than condos and development. I first visited here in college where my friend and I accidentally set the alarms off at least five times by pointing at things too closely. Not sure if they adjusted those yet. The last time that I was in the tapestry room, a high school guy turned to his girlfriend and asked: "Are unicorns real?". She just looked at him, and I didn't have an iphone at the time to go over to wikipedia to change the article so that he wouldn't be disappointed. I also attended a really interesting talk on beekeeping once in the medieval herb garden. Take a look for the Cloisters Cross (Bury St. Edmunds Cross). One curator told me that if there ever were a fire, that's the work she would rush to save. I also have it one pretty good authority that it was once accidentally dropped down an elevator shaft. It's held up well from the 12th century.   Getting here. You can take the A train to 190 and then walk about 15 minutes through Fort Tryon Park, which in the spring and fall is quite lovely (another departure here: since you are going to a museum of medieval, mostly religious art, just thought that I'd mention that an actual saint, Francis Cabrini, is buried directly across from the 190th subway exit). Or you can take the M4 bus, which will lovingly drop you right at the door.
So serene and beautiful...you could meditate here. Love the cloister areas, the religious art and the surrounding forest. Feels like something out of a fairy tale. There is so much more beauty and meaning in New York than Times Square and Central Park. Give The Cloisters a look.
So let me explain.  I love museums even more when I get actually get through it one day.  It means I don't feel overwhelmed and can see a lot of the place.  So, more like the Picasso Museum or the Guggenheim in NYC or the Huntington and Getty in California.  Not so much like the Louvre, Prado, or Vatican Museum. The Cloisters goes you one better, as it doesn't even take the whole day to see almost absolutely everything in the museum.  It has the finest collection of medieval art in North America (there's even more at the MET in the city).   It's built around 4 major structures of destroyed or ruined monasteries from Spain and France. and thanks to the generosity of the Rockefellers who bought a very large swath of the opposing bank of the Hudson, the entire "monastic" feel of the place is preserved.   Favorite museum in NYC and well worth a visit.  If you don't like medieval or religious art, give it a shot anyway just for the peacefulness and architecture!
One of my favorite museums. The building is gorgeous and the collection is amazing. The famous unicorn tapestries are here! The garden, although small, is fun and interesting (and smells great!). The views of the Hudson and Ft. Tryon park are not to be missed.
What a beautiful, relaxing place to spend an afternoon. Just luscious. Medieval art isn't really my cup of tea necessarily, but it's a small, careful collection that is easily digested. I do really love the grounds, however. The gardens are so lovely, especially the herb garden, which has various medicinal and utilitarian plants that medieval monks must have harvested. Plants such as feverfew, quince, marsh mallow, sour orange, lungwort, and other charmingly Harry-Potter-esque varieties. I can't say enough good stuff. Fort Tryon, where the Cloisters are located, is also a gorgeous and well-kept park. Highly recommended.
This is not one of the major museums you think about when you visit the big Apple but this place is def worth a trip. First off it's way in northern Manhattan - I believe the neighborhood is called Washington Heights. I took the subway all the way into the 190's streets. Crazy how far the numbered streets go. Once you get off the subway there's a bit of a walk through the park to get to the actual museum. Being the winter, I only saw a few people around and there are definitely not enough signs to direct you where to go. I got there eventually but probably took the long way. There is a bus that'll take you there too. I believe it's run by the same people as the Met so you can technically visit both in the same day. And I happened to go on an afternoon where they were holding a private concert so a portion of the museum was closed. The museum isn't very big so you really notice that missing part. Anyways I would say it's a medival and gothic art museum. My favorite part besides the cloisters, which are like pretty, religious outdoor areas/gardens, would have to be unicorn room. It's a room full of like 6 huge wall tapastries where the unicorn was the main subject. I guess they thought the unicorn was a symbol of Christ and I can see that. Really beautiful tapestries - so much color and detail and hand work. Later I took a free hour-long tour of the whole museum and we ended the tour in the unicorn room where the guide pointed out details you wouldn't even notice unless you're studying them intensely. I could probably spend hours in there looking at all the cool elements. I suggest doing the tour because if you're like me, I don't want to read every little description so it's better just listening to a guide hit all the highlights and sometimes you learn cool new things too. I think it's about a $20 admission fee. I think this small place isn't really worth that but if you can try to hit the Met too in the same day.
Super insanely beautiful. You can pretend you're a medieval nun without having to fully commit. a surprising amount of museum front desk stink eye when you pay the bare minimum 1 dollar...you'd think some place religious wouldn't go for that, but i guess it's just standard museum procedure across the board! my friend carla had some weird catholic school flashbacks while we were there so didn't quite get as much of a positive experience out of it as i did. also enjoyed seeing all the unicorns. i mean...can you get much more pagan-y? the christian symbolism was kinda confusing, cuz the unicorn is getting basically sacrified at one point, and at another point (and by point i mean tapestry) is dipping its uni-horn into the water and purifying it...but there are these signs that explicity state that the unicorn is not representing jesus. idunno. they were cute. i would've asked somebody but i felt like i smelled of eye stink from so much stink eye. (also kind of confusing to get to if you don't figure out the right exit from the subway. a notably steep walk if you aren't expecting it. anyway - plan ahead, mmkay?)
This place is amazing, and I'm not a museum kind of person. One of my clients recommended it to me and I'm so glad he did. The space is really cool, you feel like you just walked into a 15th century castle. The artwork is amazing. I love the outdoor garden space that overlooks the Hudson. Also, the museum is located in Fort Tyron park which is great itself. I highly recommend The Cloisters to anyone local or traveling to NYC.
This museum has an exemplary collection of Medieval art. While it is rather hard to locate on the outskirts of the city, it is worth the effort as you feel as if you are walking into a medieval time capsule.
Great space and not as crowded as the other city museums. It was worth the trek to get there. Fort Tyron Park is very well kept with views of the Hudson River.
This is definitely a place where you can go with the family or on a date! Keep in mind entrance is $25.00 for adults but "DONATIONS" are accepted meaning you can donate anywhere from $1.00 or less - $100.00 up to you, but donations are reasonable especially if you're a young adult with Student Loans and etc. There's so many amazing painting and mid evil designs in this amazing place. I strongly recommend coming here but keep in mind. Please have the following items below. -Full battery on all cellphones and cameras -Comfortable shoes -Open mind If you have all those things you should be fine, I strongly recommend going there on a weekend or week day! I need to go there a couple more times, but once I do I will definitely follow up with my Review! Security Guards-definitely need to be more professional, most of them when it comes to closing time act as if it's a club, I saw them being aggressive verbally with a couple thank god it wasn't me (HULK- Benching 320lbs, I'm just saying lol) other than that's the only down fall. Staff in the front are friendly. Food I heard is great but I didn't make it in time.
Best museum in Manhattan. Hop off the subway and suddenly you're in the serene, EMPTY Fort Tryon Park. Walk through the beautiful gardens (and appreciate them, because I guarantee you will get lost in them) and spend forever in the museum. I highly recommend the audio-guide, it has some amazing gems on it. Go in the summertime or autumn, when you can experience the beauty of the gardens - not much point in going to the Cloisters if the cloisters are not even open!
Underpublicized haven of beauty and wonder.  Why this isn't a museum that more people frequent is a mystery to me.  And I myself am guilty of this-- how many times have I been to the MoMA since moving here?  Many.  How many times have I been to the Cloisters?  The first time was this past week.  I have no excuse, ESPECIALLY since I studied Medieval French for many semesters (probably too many) in college. This was absolutely serene, with a gorgeous view of everything, in all directions, for miles and miles.  Obviously, the building feels mystical and you don't feel as if you're in an outpost of the Met, let alone within the confines of MANHATTAN.  There are numerous gardens and hanging terraces.  The inner courtyard is nothing less than breathtaking... I half expected to see Abelard and Heloise hiding behind some pillar, arguing over whether or not "Astrolabe" would ACTUALLY be a good name for a kid.   Anyway, the exhibits and galleries were fantastic-- there were tapestries, paintings, furniture items, you name it, all from the Medieval era.  I also went to a performance in the side chapel ("The Play of Daniel" -- so good) and this was a really fantastic venue for period music.  I was so excited about all of it. Great discovery.  And I SWEAR, the trip on the A Train is not bad at all.  I took it all the way from Fulton and I was there in well under an hour.  TIP:  when you exit the subway, take the ELEVATOR, and you'll be less than a ten-minute walk, right through Fort Tryon.  If you don't take the elevator, you'll have a really obnoxious twenty-five minute hike around and up the cliff.  Not fun.
Unbelievably lovely.
We visited the Cloisters on a Monday holiday so the place was almost empty - no school tours.  The architecture itself is worth a visit.  Parts of old buildings and modern additions flow seamlessly.   The art collections are limited but excellent examples of medieval sculpture, tapestries, glassware, jewelry. I was on a tight schedule and did a walk-thru in under two hours.  My out-of-town guest spent most of the day there. I got there using the A train to the 190th Street stop.  It has the advantage of a comfortable walk up the hill to the Cloisters.  If you stray off the main walkway some of the side trails include steep stone steps - some without handrails.  The Dyckman Street subway stop is nicer and has cafes nearby but the walk up to the Cloisters is more difficult.  The trails are not well marked. Great views across the Hudson. Wall Street Journal article from 2/26/1013 online.wsj.com/article/S…
I went to the Cloisters on a school trip, and I was lucky enough to have a tour guide whose masters thesis topic was actually a set of tapestries in the museum (so she knew EVERYTHING)! The museum is small, and if you don't go in the spring or summer you're stuck indoors, but if you're interested in Medieval art then it is really cool! Going with a large group of high school students (or younger) may not be the best idea... go with people who are actually interested!
Wowza wowza wowza, which is Chaucerian English for "They got some nice unicorn tapestries up in dat biziiness" If you're willing to sweat it out on the A Train for a really really long time, you might just make it to the beautiful North end of Manhattan which is capped by a quiet park perched high on a hill with sweeping views of the water. Incidentally, there's a fantastic museum dedicated to Medieval Art in a French Nunnery (moved to NYC brick by brick via 3 years of daily UPS overnight packages). A lot of people don't like this place because Medieval art is really flat and religious-themed and it truly is, but the unicorn tapestries are pretty good, there's a room of kick-ass artifacts: an iron maiden and the cup Charlemagne kept his Jesus Juice in come to mind. If you don't like long train rides, sulking around in Medieval cloisters or time away from the bustling city, don't come, this place is true respite from the madness happening just South of South of here. Glad I know it exists!
A beautiful gem hidden away in the "mountains" of northern Manhattan. highly recommended to go and enjoy the beautiful artwork, and then to stroll around the park surrounding the museum. Not very packed, plenty of parking if you drive. We've already made plans to go back and have a picnic on the grounds before the summer's over.
I would highly recommend adding this museum to your list of ones to see in NYC. Set inside a monastery setting, the pieces in this museum are well selected and impressive. During our visit there was a special exhibition inside the chapel -- a recording of a 40 person choir singing medieval church music. Hearing the voices soar throughout the chapel was truly magical. I especially enjoyed the outdoor herb garden with signs explaining use in Medieval times. There were many herbs there you always hear or read about but may never see in person.
In a moment of madness I decided to take my 4 and 2 year old in the subway to the Cloisters, as I had annual membership to the Met. It took a long time to get there from downtown manhattan and then a longish walk, involving loads of stairs at the subway when we got up northern Manhattan. That said, the Cloisters is very beautiful. It's impressive to see that much medieval European architecture pristinely recited half a world away from its original home. There are some great unicorn tapestries that are apparently jewels in the Met collection and a nice sense of calmness to the place in general. Probably because it's so far from anywhere it was nearly empty when we got there! No, its not that bad to get to, but of course if you want to do the whole kid thing bring plenty of stuff to entertain them on the subway.
* This review will achieve levels of nerd-dom that will easily surpass that of my Met and Frick museum reviews.            Against the azure blue sky of a brilliant early summer afternoon I could see the majestic roof line of the Cloisters, signaling to me that my long journey north, to the nether reaches of Manhattan, was nearing its end. As I drew closer I could hear the rousing sermon of Pope Urban II as he rallies the assembled christian princes to Crusade at the Council of Clermont. But the voice faded with every step closer. From it's high perch alongside the river  I imagine the Cloisters a lonely sentinel, guarding the passageway south into Manhattan. Protecting us, like fortress abbeys of old, from Viking marauders or Attila the Hun,  "The Scourge of God". The sound of the M4 bus returns my mind to the present. Entering through a heavy wooden door I expect to be greeted by Abbot Berno, the first Abbot of the mighty monastery at Cluny or perhaps by Saint Remigius, baptizer of Clovis, first king of the franks and father of the Merovingian line of Frankish rulers. But neither the Benedictine monk nor the saint appear, only the museum cashier. As I walk around the first colonnaded cloister I wonder how the abbeys defenses will stand up to the imminent attack of the Moorish leader Al Mansur and his Bedouin army that has been plundering the surrounding countryside and laying to waste it's inhabitants. Will we be safe here? My train of thought is broken by Jayne asking me where the restroom is. I return to 2009. We descend down a staircase, into a chamber of crypts and I catch a glimpse of Alcuin of York penning his work "Propositions of Alcuin, A Teacher of Emperor Charlemagne, for Sharpening Youths". I have so many questions to ask of him. My eye catches a glint of summer sun in the stained glass window and when I turn back he's gone. Perhaps my presence was too much a distraction. I enter a room of tapestry and can clearly see Gerbert d'Aurillac, the future Pope Sylvester II speaking in hushed tones to Hugh Capet. Perhaps they are discussing their plans to depose Lothair and install Hugh himself as King of France and effectively end the reign of the Carolingian line of kings. I half expect to see Otto III join them. My point? When Rockefeller imagined the Cloisters it was with the hope that visitors would be transported back to the Europe of the middle ages. That we here in the present day would be able, if only for a brief time, to walk amongst the ghosts of antiquity. To this end the Cloisters is a rousing success. Nerd in the Hizz-ouse!!
What is left to be said. This place is one of our fair city's best kept and most beautiful secrets. If you haven't been, drop everything and go, NOW! When your people come visit you for a taste of New York put this at the top of your list. The scenic beauty from the cliffs overlooking the Hudson coupled with the Cloister's surreal beauty make for an unforgettable visit. And hey, its pay what you want! Your excuses are quickly running out...
I spent much of my birthday weekend doing things I had never done before in New York, one of which was a long overdue trip up to The Cloisters.  My good friend and Art History scholar gives tours here occasionally, and the stars finally aligned so that I could make one of his wonderful lectures. But beyond that, the whole experience is really transcendent.  You step off the A and you're in another world that just happens to be in Manhattan.  You stroll through the rolling, bucolic hills of Ft. Tyron Park and end up transported back about 1000 years or so to a truly breathtaking collection of art and architecture. Everything from illuminated manuscripts to the famous Unicorn Tapestries to Northern Renaissance masterpieces lie around every Gothic stone corner.  It's small, but captivating enough to spend hours there. It's a perfect way to transport yourself away for an afternoon while never leaving Manhattan.  Can you imagine anything more perfect?
Beautiful museum!  I loved looking at all the different art and tapestries.  The staff is very friendly.  I would suggest going in the fall and walking around Fort Tryon.  The beautiful fall leaves are breathtaking.
This place was definitely a Yelp find. Awhile back I was browsing through lists yelpers had compiled of cool things to do in the city and I came across a listing for the Cloisters. The reviews were great and from the pictures, it looked lovely so I bookmarked it for a future visit. That visit came about two Sundays ago. The weather was nice and it was the perfect day to go exploring. The Cloisters house the MET's art and architecture from Medieval Europe. It's located in Northern Manhattan in Fort Tryon Park and has the most breathtaking views of the Hudson River.  The museum building has five cloisters from medieval France and other monastic sites. There are exhibits consisting of  tapestries, sculptures, ornaments, and stained glass windows. There are also gardens which are beautiful to sit in and even a cafe on the premises (to be honest, I think the cafe ruins the whole atmosphere of the place but it did come in handy when I was thirsty for a drink). You feel like you're in a completely different country when you're here. It's very peaceful and all the exhibits are fascinating (no flash photos please!). There's a suggested donation entrance fee which is $20 for adults, $15 for senior citizens 65 and older, and $10 for students. If you check their website, they have collection and garden tours going on which are pretty interesting if you want to learn more about the museum and all its art. I would highly recommend this place to anyone. It's not only beautiful and informative, it's also a great chance to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city. It's very romantic too. Make sure to take a stroll outside the building along the walk where you can see the Hudson. Utterly gorgeous.
Really fun visit. Beautiful artwork, artifacts and architecture. Pay what you want and you also get admission to the met on the same day! Great views of the Hudson too
A friend of mine (who lives in NYC) told me that even though The Cloisters are on Manhattan, it sure doesn't feel like it. Located on the northern tip of the island, getting off the A train I totally felt like I was 100 miles from the hustle and bustle of the city. The tranquility of this neighborhood is about as surreal as you can get. We walked off the train platform and just a short walk up the hill and found ourselves in one of most beautiful areas in all of New York. It was the middle of January, snow covered gardens, crystal blue sky we could not have chosen a better day to visit. Except for the fact that the museum itself was CLOSED! DOH! Well forgive me for being stupid and not reading up on which days of the week they are closed. Can't hold that against the museum, and even though we were denied entry we still took full advantage of checking out the surroundings. Sure, we missed out on seeing the tapestries. But still a 5 star experience. For those who have the energy, The Cloisters are part of the MOMA and your admission entitles you to entry into both.
who knew such a gem existed? the museum itself is just OK, but the courtyard is so peaceful and calm. the gardens leading up to the museum are the best part.
If you're reading this, it's safe to assume that you're at least semi-interested in learning about NYC attractions.  And admit it, even if you're a "New Yorker," there are probably a few major ones you haven't crossed off your list, such as: Statue of Liberty (haven't done it but have taken the S.I. Ferry, and saw it every day for two years from my old apt. window), Empire State Building (done it would recommend Top of the Rock instead), Brooklyn Bridge (done it and recommend walking it and get ice cream before or after in DUMBO), etc., etc.   Don't feel bad.  I've lived in NYC for 8 years (and uptown in the Bronx for 4 1/2 in total) and never ventured to the nearby Cloisters.  So during the "Stay-cation 2008," we hit up Harlem for breakfast and then wandered our way through beautiful Fort Tyron Park up to the Cloisters itself.  The lovely late spring weather was perfect for strolling around and admiring / photographing flowers (check out some of my pics.).  Hello, new computer background! :-) If you're into religion or art at all, the Cloisters is a must-see.  I was in awe of the fancy chalices, tapestries and statues.  The atmosphere is also an amazing juxtaposition of old vs. new (e.g. this rug was woven in the 12th century, and there's a great view of the G.W. Bridge out the window).  And I was amused by a sign posted outside which read, "Quiet Zone:" you don't find many of them in our great city! Random tip: The Cloisters permits photography inside, granted that you don't use flash.  So we now have many photos which we plan to frame and display at home.  High quality art, fraction of the cost! In sum: make the trek uptown, stop and smell some roses and enjoy what the museum has to offer.  And don't forget to shut up in the Quiet Zone (annoying people who "shhh," this means you, too)! ;-)
gorgeous. i love the cloisters. it's worth the train ride up. it seems so strange something so peaceful and beautiful is in manhattan! fort tryon park is green and lush and the perfect setting for this museum. so many beautiful artifacts to look at and its amazing how so many of them are built into the building itself. also a bonus that they do the recommended price thing and it includes the cost of admission to the Met if you go on the same day.
It's not only amazing because an American institution has collected such an extensive and impressive collection of Medieval works, but it's even more astounding that it had pieced together a medieval structure. But the most phenomenal aspect is that the Rockerfellers actually purchased a huge tract of land in New Jersey right across from the Cloisters so that visitors' views would not be of urbanization (or suburbanization) but rather of the wilderness, thus recreating a "genuine" experience of the past. Simply put, it's gorgeous inside out. The structure itself is a jigsaw puzzle of medieval architecture, mostly of the Romanesque style. The founders of the museum went around Europe buy and salvaging remains of run down churches, monasteries, and the like. If you've studied medieval art (and/or are a HUGE nerd), it's actually sort of fun trying to guess which time and place each section of the museum comes from. It's called the Cloisters because of the outdoors garden in the middle of the museum; the cloister refers to the walkway around it. It's a great little place to sit down and read. They sometimes play Gregorian chants as well-- I'm still a little ambivalent on that; sometimes its great, and adds to the mood, while other times, it's just overkill. I highly recommend looking up at the columns of the cloisters; they're really interesting, and each column is individualized with a story. The view of New Jersey from here is gorgeous. Yes, New Jersey. Yes, gorgeous. It's awesome to come on a fall weekday, because it's so lonely, quiet, and heartbreakingly beautiful. The collection is really amazing. The most famous pieces are probably the unicorn tapestries. I really like the Sedes Sapientiae (Throne of Wisdom) sculptures they have; again, it's really interesting to compare how the same theme is treated different in various times and places even within the overhead classification of medieval art. It's definitely worth a visit, if not for the artworks, just for the experience itself.
Unicorn tapestry, ya dig. Also there is a narwhal horn on display that was passed off as a unicorn horn in the Middle Ages. Very cool.
The perfect escape in a sometimes overwhelming city for someone whose soul enjoys the echoes of a much different time. It's not just a museum, it is an experience; the architecture brings forth a sense of walking through history, not just glancing at it through the window of art. Hosting an impressive collection in general, the Cloisters is also home to the famous Unicorn Tapestries which are more captivating in person than they can ever be in an art history textbook. The cloisters (that is, the courtyards) themselves are serene and a wonderful place to unwind. I can't say enough about this beautiful place. It just gets me all starry-eyed and dreamy. A must to check out for yourselves.
one of my favorite places in the city.  the energy is so nice here.  you can just go there for the peace and tranquility.  exhibits are lovely.  the herb garden is my favorite with the 16th century choral music playing in the backdrop.  a really good gift shop, lots of books and toys for children.  parking has never been a problem, took a train once and it was pretty easy.
The Cloisters happens to be my mother's favorite museum. It's not the towering walls with their cathedral feel that appeal to her. Nor the series of unicorn tapestries (those are my favorites), or the carefully incorporated medieval architecture into a modern space. No, my mother loves the gardens. Because she loves flowers. And the fact that this wonderful museum rests on the top of a hill overlooking the lovely Fort Tryon park only makes it that much more of a garden for her. I like it because I like to breathe in history - and when I am able to babble on  about my random knowledge about tapestry and religious art, even better. Definitely worth a gander on a sunny Saturday, or any day you have a couple of hours to kill.
holy moly cannoli, what took me so long to come visit this place?!?! everything about it is breathtaking! the walk into the park, the trails, the views, the museum...it's all f*#*king magical! anddd, pay as u wish everyday..HELLOOO! sweet.
The only thing that I would do differently about this spot is to get there earlier. There is more to see than I had expected. And the stuff is so obviously cool, that you don't have to read every little plaque for "why this is awesome, and you should feel privileges to pay $ to see it" like at some museums. There are multiple floors, and each one seems to contain different types of artifacts. For example, there was a room filled with tapestries, and another filled with small golden items. There is a garden room with columns taken from other places in Europe and reconstructed here, each one a little different. It is open and pleasant to walk through in the warmer months, and even an entrance hallway with high ceilings for when people would come riding in on horses. Very cool blast from the past. Can't wait to go back!
its such a great escape...!!
This was my favorite place to go to many years ago when I was in high school. Such a quiet, tucked away place. It's just amazing how much history is contained here. Not touristy at all, very quiet, very tranquil. Great views of upper Manhattan. So quiet you forget you're in NYC. Plus, they have (had?) the Unicorn Tapestries. Take the subway.
Like Storm King Art Center and the top of Everest, this place is transformational. And unbelievable that it's in Manhattan! You'd never know it though. You drive (and drive, don't take the public bus, but the Met has a shuttle from 5th) up and around into the park and this beautiful medieval Cloister (purchased and moved by the Rockefellers) overlooks the Hudson. It feels like Tuscany. If you don't have the bucks for a summer rental in the Hamptons or upstate NY and the park is too crowded, escape to the Cloisters. I meet people who live in Manhattan and haven't gone here ... and I look at them in shock. It would be like living in Paris and never visiting Notre Dame or San Francisco and never seeing the bay or the bridge or London and not seeing the Tower ... or Rome and the Coliseum ... or Moscow and the Kremlin. You get the pix. And I haven't even told you about the art. They've got the Unicorn tapestries up there. All 12 of them. Their providence is a mystery still ... but they are beautiful. If you don't know what they are, it's OK. But you 've seen them everywhere reprinted on cards. You know the shot of the white unicorn with a fence around him and lots of flowers (different) on an aqua-green background. That's it. They also have a very famous triptych of the Annunication -- the one in the original Jansen -- with Joseph on the side working on his mousetraps and a little angel with a cross flying towards Mary like a little Tinkerbell. That's there too. Remarkable, must see.
In several trips to New York, I had never made it to the Cloisters despite my predilection for all things medieval.  So I was very excited to visit--and then just a few hours before arriving, I discovered that the Lewis Chessmen were here and practically hyperventilated. I just...I just...well, I just love the Lewis Chessmen.  Let's leave it at that.  I have seen both the portion in the British Museum in London and the portion in the National Museum of Scotland in Edinburgh.  I own a book about them, and a dwindling set of notecards that I reserve for very special missives.  So to find an unexpected opportunity to see them again is one of the most serendipitous events in my recent memory. The Lewis Chessmen are visiting the Cloisters through April 22.  These are thirty-four pieces from the British Museum collection.  If you haven't heard of the Lewis Chessmen, you probably have seen them--just do a Google image search and you will recognize them.  I won't rhapsodize them or summarize their history or importance--you can read about that elsewhere.  I will only exhort you to seize a unique opportunity to see these pieces outside of Britain for the first time.  GO! The museum did a fantastic job of showcasing the visiting exhibit.  I liked the curator's choice to display several pieces in a central case, showing the final position of an unspecified "famous modern chess match," with the fallen pieces from that match arranged by type in other cases around the room.  The accompanying text is concise but illuminating.  I give this exhibit an A+. Of course the rest of the museum is wonderful also.  I learned about the Spanish craft of creating lusterware (pottery that looks like polished metal) and spent some time absorbing the Unicorn and Nine Heroes tapestries.  I was also particularly fond of the copious stained-glass windows scattered throughout the building.  One rarely finds so much stained glass in one collection, and it was a singular pleasure to enjoy it with the spring midday sun shining through them. The building, the grounds, and the surrounding park are all handsome enough on their own.  Just walking to and from the museum is a lovely pleasure which made a satisfying respite amidst our otherwise bustling weekend.
Definitely one of the coolest places I have been in NYC. The setting is so serene. Feels like a different place. The castle thing is really cool, and the art work inside is stunning. I can get pretty bored at museums but this stuff was so interesting. It was literally like being in an Indiana Jones movie. Really loved it. Can't wait to go back.
Love.  Love.  Love!!!   The Cloisters seems like it's a world away, as it is located far, far away in northern Manhattan, but it is worth the trek, especially on a beautiful summer's day.  Even if you are not a museum or Medieval art enthusiast, the Cloisters is one of the must-see sights of the city, with its gorgeous interior (and exterior), picturesque views of the Hudson River and GW bridge, and the beautiful gardens on the premises.  The Cloisters is also home to the famous "Unicorn Tapestries".   In terms of dining options, there aren't many, except for the cafe and whatever food/snack vendors are around in Fort Tryon Park.  For this reason, I highly suggest packing a picnic and enjoying it on the park grounds.
Beautiful Museum! If you've never been to Europe you can have a taste of it in NYC! And if you have it's a great place to learn more of the history  without the expensive flight. Great for adults, not so great for little ones.
I went here on a really beautiful day and the visit was very enjoyable.  The Cloisters is basically a visual Gregorian chant from start to finish.  All around, it is a cool building with an interesting array of religious artifacts and artwork.   Let's cut the crap - The best thing here is the downstairs room with the really valuable stuff.  You can see things like a totally badass Pope staff, finely carved totems, and a brass/metal Pope-hand(which was probably used to smack down the unfaithful or something when the Pope's real hand was sore).  It is a really cool area with some of the most intricately carved items I've ever seen. Go for the ambience, stay to see the metal Pope-hand.
The Cloisters is hands down one of the best spots in all of New York. The collection of medieval art is one of the best, if not the best, in the country. You get a great view of the Hudson River, and in the summer the gardens fill the air with the aroma of herbs that would have been grown in a medieval monastery. Be sure to check out the Mérode altarpiece by Robert Campin and the really little but amazing Book of Hours of Jeanne D'Evreux.  If you've never been a fan or appreciated the skill, beauty, and sometimes absolute strangeness of medieval art, a visit the Cloister's will change that.
If you're ever in NYC, I highly suggest you go here. Actually, I INSIST! Before flying out to NYC, I did a little looksee on Yelp to see if there was anything we should put down on our list of things do to/see, and this was one of the places that I came across. And I'm so glad I did my homework! Cloisters is an absolutely breathtaking oasis that you'd never expect to find in NYC. It's an old, castle-like monastery with an interior that displays all sorts of medieval tapestries, statues, and artifacts. And the courtyards... ooooh the courtyards. There are about 4 of them (which I believe are officially called "cloisters"), each bringing their own peaceful presence to the monastery w/ their stretching pillars and sunlight pouring in from above. Some courtyards are filled w/ beautiful gardens, while others have a clean set-up w/ stone groundwork and fountain centerpieces. One of them actually overlooks the Hudson River! Cloisters was only a 20-30 minute ride on the A Train from East Village and a super short bus ride on the M4 bus (btw, there's no need to pay for the M4 bus ride back to the subway. Our driver told us it's a free transfer.). If you've got the time and feel like going for a hike, I suggest you bypass the bus ride and walk up the long path that leads you to Cloisters. Bringing a picnic doesn't hurt either! This was hands down one of my most memorable NYC experiences. What a great find!
so maybe i just had a different vision in my head but when i got to the Cloisters (if you have access to a car, driving would be ideal) my initial reaction was "this is it?" they boast a beautiful garden, which was more of a courtyard than anything. the relics were interesting, the architecture was definitely beautiful but i just left a little disappointed. overall, i'm glad that i went--i just won't be back anytime soon.
The crowds of Midtown getting you down?  Walk over to Madison Avenue and take the M4 bus on a scenic ride up to the northern reaches of Manhattan.  Last stop:  The Cloisters. The Cloisters is always a must for me especially when I'm in town during the holidays.  Brittle dark grey weather is the perfect backdrop for the moody but festive confines of the sensuous interior.  John D. Rockefeller's millions put together this northern outpost of The Metropolitan Museum that specializes in the art and architecture of medieval Europe.  Five different cloisters from Europe were disassembled, transported here, and cleverly reassembled in 1938 as part of a one large complex.  It looks like it has been here forever.  You may not have time to gaze at the art after you've taken in all the architectural details and wandered through it all more than a few times.  You would not be alone. If you're fortunate enough to attend a concert of music from the period, you'll be treated to an incredible aural experience in this setting that will surely burnish your memories of one of the true jewels of New York City.
You can find me here any given Saturday or Sunday just hanging out and enjoying the environment or marveling downstairs over how glass artifacts can still be intact after hundreds of years. I've seen almost everything there is to be seen here, but I still go back because there is infinite draw to this museum whether it be the surrounding park, the people-watching, the respectful and cultured tourists with their well-behaved children, the panoramic views of the Hudson and so on and so on and so on...It is also a suggested donation of $20 but there is no pressure and that is up to you and your wallet. Medieval relics, archways and architecture, peace and quiet and fresh air....It's like a mini vacation before you have to descend back downtown into the neon-light, buzzing, panhandling clusterf--- many of us call home. Bring a book or just your general intrigue and you will not be disappointed..
This place is super small but really awesome!. Its like an old castle with art. They walk there is just as good. You have to go through a garden and a park. Its a suggested addmission of 20.00 but im cheap and gave them 17 bucks for 2 people. If you save the reciept it also gets you into the metropoliton museum the same day free. Cloisters is soo small it isnt worth the full 20.00. But definatly go, it is really really pretty
perfect way to feel like you got away  yet you are still in manhattan. the museum is very charming. the security guard at the main entrance would rather chew broken grass than provide information but once youre passed him its very relaxing place.
I believe someone in a previous review commented on how strenuous and demanding the walk to The Cloisters is from the 190st subway station and through Fort Tyron Park. My bf and I made the trek on a hot summer day and it was a pleasant and beautiful walk free of excessive perspiration and no one had difficulty breathing. However we are young 20-somethings in relatively good health. Located amidst the Fort Tyron Park, the Cloisters feels removed from new york city. You really feel like you stumbled into another time. The Cloisters is a beautiful museum featuring relics from the Medieval period. The building itself is striking and gorgeous. Bring a camera because there are plenty of opportunities to take great pictures (especially in their  beautiful courtyards and gardens). The art is truly great and exquisite. I'm not a fan of Medieval art, it's to austere and dark for me (they also go fricken crazy for Jesus!!) but it's nice to look at. It's suggested admission, I paid fifty cents for my ticket. Drinks and food are pricey, my bf paid $2.50 for a bottle of minute maid. Bring water bottles and a snack just in case. It's kid friendly. There was a ton of children prowling the garden when we were there. The garden and the courtyards are fantastic. Try going during nice weather.
I haven't been back to The Cloisters since i was a little girl--but I have very fond memories of the beauty of the place.
Oh, the Cloisters. You had me at the M4 dropping me off at your front door. Couldn't be easier to get to if I tried.  The busride through upper Manhattan was enjoyable and interesting, as I'd never made it past 92nd St before.  It takes about an hour from the UES.  To get there:  $2.25 or unlimited metrocard. The suggested donation is $20. However, my budget is quite limited, so I gave $5 and was welcomed with a huzzah! Well, maybe not that enthusiastic, but was given a pin anyway. I took a Garden tour (free), and the docent was knowledgable and obviously passionate about the gardens there and medieval gardens in general. Was quite a hot day but she structured it so we were mainly standing in the shade, which was nice. I'm a photography buff with a DSLR so I went nuts.  Since I don't use flash, I was A-ok to take snaps of anything I wanted.  There's so much to see here - make sure you get downstairs as well as the main display area and the Unicorn Tapestries. The cafe is nothing to write home about, but they did have some fresh sandwiches and salads which were on the pricey side ($12 I believe). And since it's a Met museum, you can go to the Met on the same day and get in for free! I would budget maybe 4 hours for this museum to catch the major items and a leisurely stroll around the gardens and terraces.  If you're totally into medieval things, be sure to head downstairs to see the other collections of religious metalworking. I really enjoyed my day here. The sights on the way back (Tom's Diner, Spoonbread Cafe) are worth the trip, too!
I love walking around the building and property.  It is like a peaceful oasis in NYC away from the hustle and bustle of city life.  The art is not really the type that interests me personally, but it is an impressive collection.
One of the most beautiful places in all of Manhattan, the Cloisters (accessible by A train, car, and bus) is the branch of the Metropolitan Museum of Art devoted to the art and architecture of medieval Europe. I've been there seven times in the past ten years, and every time I go, I learn something new. For example, yesterday I found out that one of the gardens comprises all the plants found in the famous Unicorn tapestries; another represents the different uses for gardens in medieval times (medicinal, artistic, etc.). The Cloisters is a great place for photography and sketching, although permission is required in advance to use tripods on the weekend. Concerts are also held in the twelfth-century Fuentiduea Chapel, and lectures and tours are available, as well.
its really beautiful to walk around but its the same price as the Met to get inside.  that aint right.
To my future husband: this is where you will propose to me and where we will have our wedding. The Cloisters summed up in 3 words: Beautiful, breathtaking, and blissful (do you like my alliteration???) This place is serene and has many beautiful plants and flowers in the courtyard. I'm planning on making many more trips back with a good book to read. Come surprise me future husband!
I've been here a few times- It's so beautiful... Ever since I was little I've obsessed over the unicorn tapestries and paintings.  It's amazing that it's a living museum- even the building is a work of art.
Sometimes I'd rather stay home and count the bristles in my toothbrush than go to a museum. We have to take how many trains to get to the edge of Manhattan I haven't been to in years? Walk how long to get to it from A train stop? Much to my bitching, the scenic walk through Ft. Tryon  park was very nice. I actually LIKED this museum. The architecture made you feel  like you were in the medieval time period. The art to me was very interesting. Instead of taking the A train back, hop on the M4 bus and ride it's whole route through Manhattan for 2 dollars (well, now $2.50). That also has a medieval feel.
You just feel better by coming here... the peace and serentiy... magnificent!  Quite a setting, and so unexpected in the Big Apple of all places.  We were lucky enough to attend a concert during our visit -- heavenly sounds of a cappella in that hallowed setting brought tears to my mother-in-law's eyes (not to mention mine).  Easier to get to then you may think -- just jump in a cab!
We came here a couple of weeks back and had a really good time. This museum is a branch of the Metropolitan Museum of art. Most of the art displayed here is dedicated to the architecture of medieval europe which was assembled from the architectural elements. It is very easy to get to via public transportation though it the train takes a while if travelling from lower manhattan.It is nesteled in the fort tryon park. It was nice to see art works from ninth to sixteenth century which were displayed here from medieval europe era. The medieval garden located within the museum is a place which is so calm and brings out so much peace. There is a plenty of space outside this museum where one can bring food and enjoy a lazy sunday picnic with friends and family. FYI- Though admission is free there is suggested donation of $5 bucks for each person.
Sometimes I like to pretend I'm a princess, who lived in the mystical times of unicorns....Well, the Cloisters not only transported me to another time, but also to another place. I felt like I was back in Medieval Europe, and then I saw the unicorn tapestries and I was instantly transported into the movie The Last Unicorn. The tapestries were amazing, and had so much more to them than any textbook could portray. I stood in that room and just stared, lost in my imagination for quite some time. The rest of the art is well displayed, and a pretty impressive collection for such a small venue. I believe if you go to the Met, you get free entry to the Cloisters on the same day.....however, the Met deserves the whole day, so I'm not sure how one would ever fit both into one day. If you like to get lost in your imagination, the Cloisters is a wonderful place to do so. Enjoy fellow royalty :)
As Fall leaves scattered about like a school of fish and ice cold winds wooshed in all directions as if the gods were warning us of something dangerous up ahead, it truly felt like an eternal walk to some adventurous Medieval setting where knights battled one another and fire breathing dragons were not myths but evil pets trained to scare away rescuers of helpless princesses. For reals, that's what it felt like until I had to check-in my winter coat down in the dungeons.  There was this stairway that led us to a dark and ominous room where there was a man who took our coat and in exchange, we received a little tag that was used later for the retrieval of our coats. Prior to entering this secret, tucked away museum that was far beyond the reaches of Manhattan proper, I really was not sure what to expect.  I suppose being surprised is sometimes a good thing.  Interestingly, it was. If you are an art or museum buff, you will most likely enjoy it.  There were a good handful of chambers that portrayed certain subjects of interest.  In the center of the museum was this little garden with no restriction to the atmosphere.  I visited during the Fall, so I had no interest in stepping into it but it was still enjoyable to gaze from within the boundaries of the museum. One particular chamber had these nice looking arches.  Near the front entrance, was this massive room with Jesus floating (with invisible strings) near the top back creating a 3-D effect (as I like to call it).  It was uber cool. Every art subject, object, piece, and sculpture was purely Medieval.  A couple of pieces I adored very much were these giant tapestries and this wooden sculpture of a women in a robe.  What made it appealing to me was seeing how an artist can manipulate wood to create a realistic image of what a cloth would look like. I must say, when it was lunch time, we had VIP access to the cafeteria.  The benefits of having friends who work for the MET.  It was just a matter of flashing a badge and we were in! After we got our food, we sat in the employee lunch room which was super cool because it felt like we were dining in King Arthur's crib.  The table and chairs were in character and of course the walls were already built like a castle. After we finished our self-guided art tour that lasted approximately two hours, we went to get our coats and waited for our bus that took us back into the city.  I would not expect this museum to ever fill up. Overall, the scenic forestry and calm surroundings of the museum made it a refreshing visit away from the usual museum-esque places like MoMA and the likes.  The trees, pathway, and waterway leading up to the site was actually quite breathtaking.  You can seriously get some great nature shots here!  One staff member even said it's New York's best kept secret.
A beautiful location with medieval artwork. Great for people who are interested in museums and artwork. I know many people love it, but I guess I am just not a museum person. And having a history background would be helpful to understand more about the artwork. A great location for anyone to picnic though.
Another reviewer wrote, "The building is like a castle that suddenly popped up in the middle of Fort Tryon Park." In reality, it was transferred stone by stone to its present location, so these aren't a replica of Medieval European Cloisters, but are the real deal here on our own Hudson River. The building and grounds themselves should be attraction enough, but the museum is filled with butt-kicking armor and swords to boot, not to mention the famous unicorn tapestries. If you're looking for a museum destination that can double as a picnic and an escape from the city, look no further. For those of us who have a short attention span in museums, the tactile nature of this one will keep you riveted. That should apply to anyone bringing along their rug rats. My only complaint: the gregorian chant concert was a snooze-fest. But hey, I should have known that already.
I dont think there's anything I can say other than... Lovely. Also - You don't have to pay $20. The fee is still a suggested donation. Though they would rather you pay the full amount, you don't have to. Give them the unfortunate NY starving student look and they'll take your dollar without a gripe. They shouldn't expect you to pay when you have 50K + in loans. It's always nice to support the arts, but leave that to people who can afford it. Also, if you've been to the Met earlier, keep your button and you'll get into the Cloisters free.
I go once a year at least because: A. I love medieval art & architecture and B. I'm pretty much a huge nerd Actually, yea its pretty nice over there in Ft Tryon and the Cloisters is a badass place, hard to believe its in NYC.
What an awesome place. Really interesting collections of medieval art, buildings, sculptures etc. Parts of the museum are built out of the pillaged ruins of centuries-old French cathedrals, which is kind of cool, if a little weird. Trick is to get past the awkward moment at the front desk where they try to get you to shell out $25. This place is certainly not short of cash so keep your donation small on the way in and give them some more when you leave if you feel like it.
Stunning amazement collection.   Truly world class.  Medieval architecture, collections, statues, altar pieces, treasuries and tapestries (donated by Rockefeller).   It is part of the Metropolitan Museum of Art located in the far NW corner of Manhattan Island. The actual cloisters are courtyards of amazing beauty and peaceful settings.  One could sit for a long time for meditation which, I am sure, is what the monks did, from the European churches that these items came from. The building itself looks castle-like.  Inside, one takes a breathtaking walk through the year 1000 to about 1520.   Items come from French, Spanish, Italian and other European venues.  Most donated by early 20th century wealthy New Yorkers.   Very highly recommended for your visit to New York. Note:  the absolute best outdoor cafe in all of New York, at least in my opinion, can be found here.  Great gourmet food, and a quiet beautiful setting overlooking a serene cloister.  Ah, truly wonderful.
There is really nothing better. Not only is it wonderful to be here, but even more wonderful to bring jaded New Yorkers who ask "Are you sure we're in Manhattan?" I must come here thrice a year, easily, and it's never a bad idea.
What I love about this place in comparison to other museums is that you can certainly see everything in one visit. Still, some of the artifacts are so beautiful, you might spend longer in one room than you expected. My favorite features were the herbal gardens (breathtaking views) and the unicorn room -- who knew they were actually real? This place feels magical. There are so many beautiful photo opps both inside and on the grounds outdoors. This is a must-see for any museum lover.
I'm going to completely go on subjective opinion on this review.  I am not an art connosieur (I can throw down on food), so yea.. here we go. [entrance] The stairway looks pretty cool [inside] I'm used to more of a varied museum, so I got bored really quickly  A rug here, a statue there, a painting there. [garden] Closed during the winter. I've been backpacking through Europe so I have high expectations of museums.  I am sure I am glossing over the historical significance of everything inside, so I'm sure others would appreciate this more.
It's a hike to get here, I grant you but one I would happily make, though my feet were spared on my visit by the fact that the family was driving to Connecticut and didn't have to rely on sidewalk and public trans. This place... oh sweet heavens, this place... It's difficult to enunciate just what about it is best. I was in transports about the architecture alone, though I suppose someone not interested in Medieval art and architecture would be rather underwhelmed by the place. The space itself is beautiful, nestled in a quiet spot in Washington Heights that is a sharp contrast to the rest of my visits to the city, not that I dislike the crowd and bustle, but it was certainly a breath of fresh air. Literally. The collection housed within is old and fantastical- seeing the unicorn tapestries in person was, for me at least, almost... strange. To finally view something you have seen repeatedly in pictures and drawings is almost jarring, and oddly- religious seems a trite word to use, but perhaps it is the case regardless.
I couldn't quite find the holy water font on my computer. However, you don't have to search far in the Cloisters to find such a font. And you'll find much more as the place is overflowing with Medieval art and artifacts. There's a crucifixion fixation (crucifixation?) in the medieval mindset as reflected in the various scenes you'll observe. Dying Jesus, young Jesus, resurrected Jesus, Jesus adored by the Magi, it's all there. But wait, there's more. The saints are represented too, such as St. Andrew. And the kings get in on the act with Frank Clovis and his son. You get the idea-- medieval Christian art is what the Cloisters is all about. I spent about 2.5 hours here and felt that I had enough time to absorb the two floors and various nooks and crannies. The admission fee is $20 but that's a suggested donation. I suggested less and there weren't any problems. A few outdoor areas reveal scenic views of the Hudson River and NJ. For even better views navigate through Fort Tryon Park. In fact, you have to go through the park to make it to the Cloisters. Mass transit options include the A train, which was about 30 minutes from Penn Station. When you exit there will be signs to follow so you can find the Cloisters with ease. There is a small cafe on the lower level that serves sandwiches, salads, cookies, fruit and beverages. Chips, cookies, two sandwiches and waters came out to about $22.
200th review goes to The Cloisters, my favorite dwelling in NYC. The museum is located in Fort Tryon Park with views of the Hudson River and beyond. Art is dedicated to that of medieval Europe. Cloisters, knights, unicorns, tombs, tapestries, saints... The building itself is a work of art. You can always go about the museum undisturbed. Crowds? Crying children? Fuh-get about it. Never at The Cloisters.   Admission is suggested donation, so you can pay between $0.01 or the recommended $20 (or more). My donations vary. Never took the train.. I recommend driving up there. Parking is free.
I knew when I asked the local on the A Express train if the train would stop at 190th, and the locals looked shocked, I must be going somewhere good, or very bad. Either way, it was somewhere that would surprise me.  When I mentioned the Cloisters, the two locals started buzzing excitedly and looked at me with newfound respect. Located in the large and beautiful Fort Tryon Park, a park that hugs the Hudson and was designed by the son of the landscape architect of Central Park, the Cloisters feels a world away from Manhattan, in Washington Heights. Here, once inside the park itself, you feel like you could be in the Hudson Valley or somewhere else Upstate.  The park was originally donated to the city by Standard Oil tycoon and later, philanthropist, John D. Rockefeller, who also donated the legendary unicorn in captivity tapestry that many visitors flock to this far-flung museum to see, along with a fantastic collection of medieval art, the highlight of which is a legendary "treasure room."  Ironically, the greatest treasure in that treasure room is not the gold chalises or glittering necklaces, but a humble and beautiful set of handpainted playing cards thought to the be the oldest known complete deck of 52 playing cards in existence.   This is the only US Museum dedicated to medieval art and given our own country's lack of medieval history, the museum has several cloisters complete with archways and gardens that have been meticulously reconstructed with bricks from medieval church ruins in France and Italy. If you live in Manhattan, this is your get away to green, which given the Hudson view, is even more relaxing to visit potentially than Central Park.  If you are a visitor to NYC and lover of art or travel, a trip out here is a comittment certainly (30 minutes from Midtown by train) but the payoff is a great view of NYC, some slightly dark and melancholy medieval art, and a memorable stop that will impress the locals.  Be sure to at least have a drink at Bette Middler's funded New Leaf Restaurant nearby in the park, if not a meal.  Her nonprofit funded a full restoration here, and the patio seating in the garden in the summertime (and we understand the brunch too) will be a memorable highlight due to its unique park-like setting.
How enchanting! I could spend the entire day here! I went after the leaves had fallen and I imagine in the summer and spring the park around The Cloisters is even more picturesque. Wonderful for a date or a solitary walk. I thought the building itself was more interesting than the art on the walls. The symbols and aura of historic weight saturate my senses. I lost track of time and jotted as many observations as I could in my moleskin..until I got yelled at for using a pen around the art (no, I didn't see the sign at the front forbade pens)...the pencil sucked btw. How often do you get to experience art and history where the very edifice is a part of the story!
I'm conflicted about reviewing this place because part of its magic is that it remains New York's hidden treasure and I don't want to see it become mobbed with crowds of tourists. It offers an impressive and varied collection of medieval works of art and architecture in a serene setting of beautiful gardens, peaceful courtyards and open terraces with sweeping views of the Hudson. You really do feel transported into some other place and time and come away both intellectually and emotionally re-charged. Tip: There's a free daily walk tour at 3 PM.
In high school, for nearly every art or history class I took, a trip down to The Met was involved. This was always clearly stated in the syllabus. In addition, it mentioned how we'd go to The Cloisters. Well...that never happened. As a resident of Washington Heights for nearly 3 years, I always told myself I'd rectify that. Hell, it's a 20 minute walk north of my place. Doable. Still...that never happened. When a high school friend was visiting the city and three gals needed something to do, I thought, "The Cloisters! I can finally knock this off of my list AND convince people to come all the way up here to see me!" Success, at long last! Situated in the norther tier of Fort Tryon Park, overlooking the Hudson and the Palisades, The Cloisters is a beautiful off-shoot of The Met, boasted fine works of original medieval art and lovely interior gardens. Of note were the famous Unicorn Tapestries, which were quite magnificent and vibrant. It almost goes without saying that the vast majority of art pieces were religious, predominantly Madonna with Child, or Woman holding Dying Jesus. Still, the various interpretations were impressive. Of note, the garden tour is very interesting...for the first 10 minutes. As part of a group of roughly 15, we escaped about 20 minutes in; later, in another garden we visited, we saw the remaining group, and it had dwindled down to four people. Explanation of plant life in the medieval times is for the green thumbs and true history buffs, I'd conclude. I am not, personally, the hugest museum fan. I appreciate art and history very much, but my idea of a fun Saturday afternoon does not, the majority of the time, involve staring at artifacts. I'd rather crack open a book and read about it. That being said, this was a trip well worth it, as well as a trip I'd willingly make again.
Ahhhhhhhh.  The Cloisters... way at the other end of the island. (hence the name? hmm..) Calming.  Inspiring.  Spiritual. It transports one to another world and another time.  Knights, castles, armour, monasteries, the divine right of kings... all the romanticised elements of the Medieval Age. Never mind that my last Cloisters Museum visit was about two decades ago. :o I'm sure it is as under-rated as ever. This is the closest you will get to a setting which, even in old Europe, is slowly becoming scarcer.. simply due to the march of time, and the tug of war between modernisation and preservation. I found it exquisitely peaceful and completely magical. Now get yo local and tourist hineys over there. And patronise! :D
a SMALL but pretty museum...the building is like a castle!! great location (although it's quite a trekk up, even though it's still in manhattan) surrounded by a park that overlooks the hudson river, which is perfect for picnics & there's also a garden outside the museum in Fort Tryon park that's nice the Cloisters museum itself has 2 mini gardens, one w/ flowers & the other w/ herbs PLUS renaissance art work & sculptures NOTE: there's a suggested donation for the entry fee that is not mandatory but you still have to pay at least something to get in, it's not completely free
Looking for a place to get away from the city without technically leaving the city? This is your place. I believe the A takes you there and it's a long ride so bring a book. You'll want the book and maybe even a picnic lunch for when you arrive. The museum itself is interesting, lots of old pretty things and the layout is cool as it's in a castle, but the real reason to come to the cloisters is the park. You will surely impress a date if you take them to Fort Tyron park which the Cloisters is on. Go in the fall for the foliage, look over the hudson to Jersey for great views. Go in the winter and have the place to yourself for snowball fights, or a romantic walk through the snow covered gardens. Go in the spring to see all the newly planted flowers peeking through the ground and enjoy the fresh air. Go in the summer for sunbathing, people watching and spectacular views of NY trees. Go more than once in your life, you'll be glad you did.
I appreciate ANYTHING medieval and this place is just WOW. It feels like you are not in NYC. It's so quiet. One of my personal fave to visit in NYC.
This is our favorite museum in NYC! The place is absolutely beautiful. Once you're there, you feel like you're in a different world. We love everything about this museum. Everything from the art, the architecture, the garden,... If you choose to drive, it is quite easy to find parking inside the Fort Tryon park. We had a great time here. Even though the place wasn't that big, we still ended up staying here for hours... till they closed... If you love medieval arts, this place is a must to visit. Well, even if you're not that into medieval stuff, this place is worth visiting. It is so beautiful!
This is one of my favourite places in the city, probably because I am a country girl sticking it out in the big apple. An August afternoon in the park, the really awesome free tours of the exhibits an art history geek like me loves? Who could ask for more? I love how all you see from the Cloisters is the Palisades across the river, sort of like being in another century.
I find my meditative soul here. Beautiful, quiet, and peaceful. I can feel like a monk from the past.
If it was up to me I would never travel this far away, but if you are feeling up to it----THIS PLACE IS BEAUTIFUL.  (Especially when it's covered in snow!) HERE'S A TIP:  STAY WALKING ON THE CONCRETE PATH DO NOT DO SHORT CUTS.  BECAUSE THERE AREN'T ANY.  (THIS RULE APPLIES ONLY WHEN THIS PLACE IS COVERED IN SNOW!) I came here because of Art History class-if it wasn't mandatory I would have skipped it, but I am glad I had the chance to experience this museum. I wonder why no Tourists comes here?  I like it more than the MET but too bad it's just too damn far!
The Cloisters are a peaceful, lovely escape from the city. If you're a tourist looking for a bustling NYC-metro experience, this isn't for you. If you're a New Yorker needing a breath of fresh air accessible on the A train, this is the place for you. Take the A Train to 190th St in Manhattan. When you exit the station, enter Fort Tryon Park, on the right. There will be signs throughout the park pointing you toward the museum, but take your time...the park is gorgeous and has great views of the Hudson! The museum itself is housed in a gorgeous abbey. While the art (medieval tapestries, sculptures, etc) wasn't exactly my favorite, I relished just walking through the silent rooms, and especially around the walled gardens. The ramparts (can something other than a castle have ramparts??) are lovely - a great place for a photo op. I overheard someone saying that their friend had been proposed to on the grounds, and I can see why - it's a lovely place. The entry fee is killer ($25), but it's a suggested donation, so you can pay what you will. The whole place is pretty small - you could do it in under an hour with no problems.
For a second I thought I was transported back to Europe, but of course, not quite. The Cloisters museum is a branch of the Metropolitan of Art and houses European medieval art and artifacts. The architecture of the Cloisters looks medieval itself. The Cloisters is quite small of a museum but has a beautiful courtyard with arches that is great for pictures. The entry fee is "recommended" and for most tourists like me, you probably will miss seeing the word "recommended" on the signage as it is overpowered by the big black "adults $25" on the sign. So yes, you can pay as much or as little as you want. That's the beauty of NYC. Same goes for the Metropolitan of Art! I would suggest a visit to the Cloisters to escape to a faraway land in another era not too far from your home in NYC. Bring a packed lunch and enjoy the view of the Hudson River and GWB in Fort Tryon.
At the very northern tip of Manhattan, you'll find the beautiful Cloisters nestled at the top of the Fort Tyron Park.  The park itself has spectacular views of the Hudson River and free parking!!!  yipeee free parking in NYC!! The Cloisters is perfect for an afternoon outing at the museum especially if you're into Medieval Art.  When you first walk in, you're transported into a thick walled Castle -- it's not a real one sadly.  You'll have to check in any backpacks or large bags before you get up to the admission desk otherwise the security guards will make you go back down!!  They'll be even madder if you set off the alarms -- don't get too close to the tapestries! Admission is $25 for adults but it's recommended prices so you can pay whatever you want.  Tons of NYC museums are actually "suggested" prices so save $ but don't be a cheapskate!  If you're ambitious, you can even use your admission pin to get into the main Met museum. Plethora of neat artwork to look at.  They also have an authentic medieval garden which is super neat because it's not you're usual array of ornamental colorful flowers.  Another plus is the AC filled rooms so you can enjoy all the artwork of 500 years ago in the luxury of modern day air conditioning especially if you decide to trek there during the disgusting NYC heatwaves!
Wow, I've been to NYC about 7 times and have never even heard of the cloisters until my last trip!  What a rare treat in this crazy hustle bustle of a city!!!  I actually love the crazy pace of NY but the Cloisters were a welcome change. If you can appreciate religious relics, beautiful architecture, and a peaceful setting than this is the place to be!  The building, which looks old, was built in the 20th century but bits and pieces of ancient architecture were brought over from Europe and incorporated into the new building as architectural elements rather than as free-standing gallery pieces.   There are tons of gallery pieces to see.  I wish I had know before I spent 5 minutes focused on each piece!  And, there is a cafe in one of the shaded courtyards which overlooks the Hudson RIver. What a great escape!
A 35 minute ride up the A and I was getting claustrophobic and impatient. I start thinking this better be worth the trip. It was more than worth the trip! It was a gorgeous 70 degree Saturday in March and the sky was perfectly clear. Got off at the 190th stop, instead of Dyckman. I highly recommend taking this route as you get to wind through Fort Tyron Park, instead of walking up a steep hill. The park is amazing. On one side you have the Hudson and undeveloped across the way in Jersey (thanks Rockefeller)! Look one way down the river, see the GWB, look the other, its the Tapenzee. On the other side you can clearly see to the Bronx. I'm not a big fan of medieval art, but the Cloisters themselves are pretty cool. The unicorn tapestries will catch anyone's attention. What I love most is how the disassembled cloisters were worked into the design of the museum. The whole place looks like its been there forever. If you want to escape the hustle and bustle of the city its the perfect place to go without even leaving. I can't wait to go back when the gardens are in bloom!
I could not have imagined a better place than this if you just want to abandon the City for a moments worth. It was definitely a treat and a surprise. It was so relaxing, almost too relaxing, I couldn't believe it!  I absolutely had no walk rage whatsoever.  As hot as it was today in NY, at the Cloisters, it was PERFECT!  The museum is interesting, it has a lot of random pieces to it...you know, artifacts and art work from all over. Being here, I could not believe I was still in New York.  It was so scenic and REFRESHING.  Great for people that are outdoorsy, and just want to get away to re-charge. What's nice about this place, is, it is a convenient train ride away.  Take the A train, and you'll be there in no time, bc the A train is absolutely express! People also sun bathe here too.  You really can just do anything your heart desires here.  Paint, draw, create.  Observe. Sit. Hang out. Take pictures. Explore.  It has a calm peacefulness to it...it's like sweet serenity...It took all my worries away for the day.
Perfection. I first came here when I was around 10, en-route from Massachusetts to a camping trip in New Hampshire... and The Cloisters imprinted itself upon my senses as an ideal... I also learned what a quince was (they grow them, in one of those cloisters from which the museum takes its moniker.) This is undoubtedly the best collection of medieval art in the United States. It might not be the best in the world... but it's close. And the setting can't be beat... the building is a genuine medieval cloister, brought over from Europe and re-assembled stone by stone. (Rich people... sometimes they can do incredible things...) The end result is a museum that's a peaceful, relaxing and interesting place to spend an afternoon walking around, taking in the gardens, the terraces with beautiful views out over the Hudson, the carvings, tapestries (yes, those of the Unicorn... they are famous)... and don't miss the Treasury, with its precious reliquaries. This visit, they had a special exhibition on chess pieces, (The Game of Kings: Medieval Ivory Chessmen from the Isle of Lewis, through April 22, 2012) which we really enjoyed. They have a cafe here, but it's 'seasonal' which apparently means: "not in March." The Cloisters is a branch of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, which means your button from the Met gets you in here at no additional fee... and remember, admission is always "suggested."
A long long time ago, I visited The Cloisters when I was a wee lad with a school trip.  It was every bit beautiful and majestic as I remembered it to be. Marketh as thee 25th anniversay of the Medieval Festival at Fort Tyron Park, it was thee perfect day to get away from thou fair city.  The path is full of wonderous merchants, sooth sayers, royalty and theives alike.  The smither as it seemed had the biggest following of customers, with the fairest prices - albiet almost everything was made in China. The Cloisters itself isn't that large of a building, but it has just the right amount of exhibits and helpful staff.  People who are really interested in the history would best get an audio guide.  The stunning architecture makes me want to make this an annual trip... For the Glory of Rohan, and Honor of Kindred Knights, ye best be prepared for a wonderful time at the Cloisters.
The Cloisters is one of those things that tons of tourists would go to if they knew about it, it's hidden away within Fort Tryon Park in the Inwood Section of Manhattan, it's not a complete secret but it's just far enough away to make it a serene and special place. For those of you who don't know, the Cloisters was built in 1934-38 mostly due to John D Rockefeller's contributions (with the artifacts and with buying the land both where the Cloisters sit and in NJ across the river to preserve the view). The Cloisters are part of the Met and the recommended admission is $20 (though you can pay whatever you want, I usually go with $5). They're open March-October 9:30-5:15, November-February 9:30-4:45. The most beautiful parts of the Cloisters are in the outdoor gardens so it's worth going in the spring and summer. The Cloisters contains almost entirely European Medieval art and artifacts from the 1100s-1400s and the building itself is a composite of 5 medieval French Cloisters. A Cloister is an enclosed garden used for meditation and is often used by monks in their monasteries. The gardens in the Cloisters are planted with the most accurate care. Medieval documents and artifacts have been referenced to make sure the gardens are as authentic as possible. Fort Tryon park with all it's paths and plants is also a nice place to check out and fits very well with the Cloisters.
What a beautiful location for a spring or summer staycation.  I have been here on Veterans Day on two different years for a day off and the fall is just a perfect time to visit.  The leaves are changing, the walk through Fort Tyron Park is gawg and you just feel slightly transported to a different world (or just like upstate New York).  I was honestly a little awestruck by the gorgeous views of the Hudson River and I think this would be an amazing date spot in the spring if you wanted to picnic in the park.   The actual museum is focused ONLY on Medieval art and culture.  There is not a TON to see so just be prepared for more of an atmospherical experience.  Soak in the unicorn tapestries and the history and definitely get an audio tour so you actually learn something.  Also, the gift store is pretty adorable so spend time there.   I hear they have lovely Christmas concerts.  I am going to update my review after I attend one this holiday season.   By the way, if you try to run home from here, just be aware that there's no way into Riverside Park until after the George Washington Bridge.  Also be aware that if you try to get to the river and run down sketchy stairs lined with broken glass, trash, graffiti and old clothes, you will probably wind up stuck in the middle of a highway  with fast traffic zooming around you and you will just have to run back up those same steps with your tail between your legs... and tears in your eyes.  Not that this happened to me or anything... this past Veterans Day... ugh....
First of all let me say that my rating is based on a photographer's POV, since I spent the majority of my visit taking pictures instead of reading descriptions or listening to audio tours (see the pictures section for results of my trip).   My first impression of the Cloisters was "Wow!  A museum in Manhattan (despite how far I traveled to get there...from Wall St. to 190th Street) that actually allows not only photography, but tripods too!" The architecture, art exhibits, the grounds keeping and view across the Hudson River made for great photo subjects.   If you are a photographer in NYC or just visiting for a few days I would recommend going to the Cloisters.   Oh and if you have corporate discounts to museums like the Met you could get in free without feeling guilty for not paying the suggested $20 adult admission (which seems to turn off most people from enjoying these galleries)
Eh, my review may be subjective because I'm not very interested in religious art. The only things I enjoyed about visiting The Cloisters were the woven tapestries, the outdoor gardens, and looking over the Hudson while walking here. It really is a beautiful sight and very serene, almost a getaway from the city without actually leaving Manhattan. The museum is relatively small, compared to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. There are only two levels here, but the lower level is about half the size of the main level. You have same day access to the Met, which is at least 5x larger (though, I might be underestimating). So, plan accordingly and don't spend to much time at the Cloisters if you plan on visiting the Met as well. The distance between the two is about 6 miles, and the bus/subway ride is about 1 hr long.
The Cloisters, located in Fort Tryon Park, is an extension of the MET. The Cloisters showcases Medieval art and architecture on a hilltop over looking Hudson River. The view is quite something and perfect for picture taking. The architecture is in the Gothic tradition. Three gardens are beautifully maintained within the grounds, full of flowering plants, sculptures, and water features. The Cloister also has a collection of religious art, sculptures, tapestries, and crypts. Reading about the history of each work and its significance is fascinating. We went in October. The crisp autumn air, the fruiting trees, the beautiful art work created a peaceful and serene atmosphere. It's a wonderful contrast against the hub of NYC life. The Cloister is a great place to spend the day and not only will you learn alot about Medieval art history, but you'll get some pretty awesome pictures to boot. review 1/27/2008 I.M.Y.
Set aside the incredible collection of medieval artifacts and let's talk about the FREE PARKING. Yes, there is FREE and EASY parking in Manhattan. If you thought that's as likely as finding a unicorn, THEY HAVE THOSE TOO! I love that the museum was purpose-built around their architectural artifacts, so instead of just looking at a column or arch standing free in a room you see it in action. It's all designed to give you a sense of how th pieces would have functioned in their original contexts.
The last time I was up at The Cloisters, I was fourteen and came via an Old Navy bus with my Girl Scout troop. Me and my girls took goofy photos the entire time we were there so I didn't exactly appreciate where I was at that specific time. Cue to seven years later and a rare free day off. My friend asked if we could go together, so we got the A express uptown to 190th. The walk through Fort Tyron Park was beautiful since it was yet another 55+ day outside, and it gave my calves a decent workout. When I actually got up to The Cloisters, I gasped at how gorgeous it still is. The inside was just the same, and the gardens and terraces were looking very green for the end of winter.   The collection itself is tiny-ish, but the Met made the most out of their space. A lot of beautiful tapestries (I was kind of obsessed with the Unicorn collection), breathtaking stained glass windows, well-kept statues of multiple Virgin Marys/Baby Jesuses, One perk with coming here: your admission can be tax-deductable. AWESOME to keep in mind when approaching Tax Day.
I admit it. I went to this place grudgingly, and with an attitude. I didn't want to spend an hour on the A train going all the way from my beloved 42nd Street and Broadway out to some museum way the heck out there, but my husband said this was the one place he wanted to visit in New York, so I got on the train, then made the trek up the hill to the museum. As soon as I got there, I was sorry for my earlier bad attitude. This place is an unexpected gem.  I find myself overwhelmed by the Met, but The Cloisters, which is part of the Met, is set apart and is very accessible, so it allowed me to take a lot in without worrying I was going to run out of time before I got to see a different exhibit. Pieces and chunks of long-abandoned French, German and Flemish monasteries and churches have been lovingly restored and incorporated into this sanctuary, in which no detail has been spared. It is a perfect setting to view treasures of medieval art--incredibly well preserved, and open for close inspection. If you never appreciated medieval art before, or found it, as I did, to be static and expressionless and stiflingly religious, The Cloisters will change your whole viewpoint.   I especially loved the gardens, where specimens of culinary, medicinal and magical herbs and plants grow in the sun, surrounded by 10th century columns and arches.  I have to admit my imagination went a little bit to Hogwarts, too. I didn't want to go to the Cloisters last Friday morning. Last Friday afternoon, I didn't want to leave.
I love coming here and taking pictures. I always seem to find new angles and shots whenver I come. It's a very beautiful museum and I just love the paintings. The museum itself is just breathtaking as well. You definitely want to bring your camera if you are going to visit.
Good weather is the key to having a trip to the Cloisters go from "good" to "great!"  If you miss out on the patio gardens in full bloom or Hudson views and a leisurely stroll through Fort Tryon Park, your experience just won't be the same.  You'd also curse walking 10 min in the rain from the 190th Street A-train subway station.  (Of course, this didn't happen to me bc the 50% chance of precipitation didn't kick in until later that evening!  Yay!) The medieval beauty of both the building's structure and the artwork inside is so easy to appreciate -- largely because they complement each other so well.  The seven Unicorn Tapestries are probably the most famous pieces here -- violent and sad, but poignant.  I also really liked the room of intricate medieval artifacts, like the delicate golden straw and minature ivory carvings. But the serenity within its walls is my favorite thing.  Cloisters, courtyards and patios abound -- filling spaces and passageways with light, warmth, and wildflowers.  I usually avoid museum cafes like the plague, but the Trie Cafe on ground level provides an opportunity to stop and smell the roses while sparrows (in Cloisters setting, they cease to be mice-with-wings) refresh themselves in the courtyard fountain and garden.  The ham and brie sandwich w/ pickles ($8.75) stands out from the modest selection of eats, although the turkey-bacon-coleslaw wrap ($8.75) is alright too. And like previous reviewers said, bring your camera.  Everyone is prettier in the warm glow of the Cloisters  :) PS - If you're unsure how to handle not paying the full suggested price when they automatically ring you up for $20 each without a word, try "Ten dollars for 2 people, please."
Yes, it may seem a little out of the way but it's very easy to get to, and absolutely worth the subway ride.  Start with a walk through the Fort Tyron Park with a view of the Hudson River - it's extremely peaceful, kind of romantic, and definitely feels like you're not in New York City anymore.  There's something a little magical about walking through the snow-covered park and I'd love to go back in each of the other seasons, as I'm sure it's beautiful. The museum itself is made of parts of churches from France and Spain.  The cloisters are beautiful, as are the stained glass windows, and I especially loved the treasury room downstairs, filled with impossibly delicate and intricate artifacts.
Whenever I stroll around this museum, I feel as though I can hear Gregorian chanting from around the corner. If I turn quickly enough I'll see Benedictine monks trailing their robes on the cold grey stones. Perhaps lords and ladies are dining on pheasant and mead in an adjacent hall. It's a blessing and a shame that this museum is never busy. You have plenty of space, peace and quiet to observe the Unicorn Tapestries, the gardens or the 13th century sacred works. If you arrive later in the day, you can get a discounted rate. But don't come too late in the day, you need at least two hours to appreciate the whole museum.
I'm reluctant to give another glowing review of this great museum because I like the fact that it's not overrun by tourists and New Yorkers alike.  Consider it too far away?  Fine with me!  That means I get to enjoy this quiet, beautiful museum without too many other people.  Not only is the art and architecture inside fabulous, but the views of the river, park, and GW Bridge are so, so fabulous.  I often come here to just sit and look out over the world. Since this museum is part of the Met, the admission is by donation, so you can pay whatever you want.  If you're a tourist, I suggest you pay the full price.  But if you're a New Yorker and plan to come a lot, then go ahead and pay what you can.
If you don't live in the Bronx, please don't let the long distance from the city deter from visit the Cloister.  The express A train can get you there faster than it'd take you to travel trans-borough (if there's such a word, if not, I just invented one. Do you hear that Webster?) It's the long weekend and it's early Friday morning, so I knew I could get in some tranquility at the museum.  The A train whisked me uptown and I was at the gate of the park in no time.  Rather than taking the bus, I chose to lug my heavy camera and just walk it. Not too shabby really. 10 minutes. I can deal with that after all those seatings at work.  I was actually quite surprised by the size of the museum, meaning it was smaller than I thought it would be.  It's like a little mini Medieval home.  So adorably homey! And the mseum staffs are 'nicely' than the ones in the city, if you know what I mean. Well, let me give you an example. Rather than screaming at me for using my cell phone (I forgot to turn it off, oops!), he nicely notified me and not threatening me and allowed me to finish my conversation! Yes, good customer service in a museum counts as well. So I'm too poor to pay for the full price, but I did my recommended admission fee. No, it was more than a quarter. I"m not that cheap and the money does go back into the museum funds.  It was really nice to criss-cross around the cloisters and I love the symmetry of the columns.  The fountains are popular photo taking sites, so I steered away from those spots.   Every moments were filled with serenity and calmness, except when the securities were discussing about Michael Jackson while I was reading up on a saint. Oh gosh, I've a feeling people might actually saint MJ! Besides that little reality check, I was about to picture myself as a distressed princess waiting for my prince charming to rescue me. Oh wait...the Cloisters were lived by monks. Ok, so now I'm picturing myself as a nun praying to God for world peace and a good night of sleep.  No matter what, please visit this museum. It's really quite different from all the 'commercial' ones in the city.  After that, walk around the park. It's a whole different experience from the Central Park.  A nicer one might I say.
I went with my parents to the Cloisters for lack of anything better to do.  Based on the reviews here and talking to other people, I had pretty high expectations - but I'm happy to say, it definitely met my expectations.   I think I was probably more into the architecture than the art, and I loved the outside areas.  The Romanesque Room was my favorite room within the museum.   It may be a little intimidating for someone who is not religious and has very little knowledge of religion.  I could tell that my reactions to pieces were very different than people who were very touched religiously.  However, the scenery certainly makes this a worthwhile trip.
A chill museum on the north side of Manhattan, the Cloisters is located on top of the hill in Fort Tryon park. About this hill: it's a big, big hill. It's practically a mountain. I went to the park on a VERY hot day in the summer (97 and 90% humid...what the fuck was I thinking?) and the mountain almost beat me. Almost. I should have taken the #4 bus that goes up the hill, but I stupidly took the A train all the way to Dyckman Street and hiked up the back side of the hill. Never again; do NOT go this way. (Mount Greylock wasn't nearly as difficult as Fort Tryon and I had a temperature of 102 that day.) I imagine that it's hard with snow on the hill as well. It's a beautiful hike up the hill, but you'll be too busy dying to notice the splendor. There's not much that I can add to what other Yelpers have said about the museum other than it was well worth huffing and puffing my way up that hill. The Cloisters are beautiful and quiet...there aren't busloads of seniors up there making noise and being obnoxious like at most museums (although maybe the wrinklies weren't out that day because it was so damn hot and the museum is emphatically NOT air conditioned). The herb garden is also a nice draw for a gardener like me. The last great thing about the Cloisters is the view of the Hudson, which is spectacular from the top of the hill. In short, the Cloisters was worth a case of minor heatstroke. Again, DO NOT climb the hill from the Dyckman side on a hot day!
This is a great spot, though it's a little out of the way.  The cloisters is part of the MET, so it's pay what you want.  Yippee for broke people! Be sure to take the A train to 190th and you're right outside.  If you take the 1 train, you're not far, but you'll have to walk a few blocks and a big flight of stairs!! Why go there you ask?  Well it's full of medieval art, and it's sort of a living museum in that a lot of actual pieces of walls and arches from various european castles, and so on are actually mounted on the walls and in some cases are the walls.  So that's an interesting twist.  Overall it feels like you're hanging out in a very medieval church or something.  In the summer it's even better because you can enjoy the outdoor areas, of which there are plenty.
Strolling through Fort Tryon Park primes you for beautiful architecture and greenery that consists of The Cloisters. Gifted to the Met by Rockefeller in 1925, The Cloisters is haven of medieval European art and architecture. When you arrive, you are transported to magical place: filled with exquisite stained glass, awe inspiring arches, and gardens that awash the excursionist with serenity. I enjoy that this satellite site of the Met that is devoid of the larger crowds that fill the more renowned main site. The Cloisters, you have much to teach me. And I am your ever patient student.
I like the Cloisters and I think it is great that small pieces of European Medieval treasures have been assembled in New York. My favorite parts of the Cloisters are the Unicorn Tapestries and the Garden they have outside because of the knowledge you gain from knowing about the plants and their medieval value. And you can not beat the price for getting in which is a suggested $20 dollars which means that you can pay what you can afford. What I do not like is that if I was truly interested in medieval history and religiosity then I would travel Europe and not go to the Cloisters. And to make it clear I have been to several cloisters, churches and monasteries throughout Europe and there is so much more history to get.
I think the other Yelpers are overhyping this place a bit.  It's true that the surrounding area is very lush and quite fun, but the view of the river is not all that great because there are tall trees that block a lot of the view.  I did not see any incredible views from the museum itself, either. When I went, two very significant portions of the museum were closed to the public, so that kind of sucked.  You would think they would work on one piece at a time so that people don't get and get disappointed like I was. The Cloisters is a very small museum, and they charge for the audio guides, which is just an annoying touch. There are very few paintings, so be prepared for that.  The bulk of the museum is stone columns.  There are also a bunch of sculptures, some woven tapestries, and a lot of uninteresting trinkets. In summary: if you're looking to get away from the hustle of Manhattan and enjoy a walk through the surrounding tree-lined path, then certainly take the time to go.  However, I can't give the museum itself a very high rating - there are much better museums to check out in the City!
The Met's unknown Renaissance sister. Secluded in Washington Heights, it might be the only reason to visit this far north. I would say destination spot only if you were a big Renaissance fan, otherwise, stick to the Met. It also makes a great date location, especially in the summer. There's not many great restaurants up this far, so plan on treking back down.
Visiting the Cloisters on a beautiful weekend afternoon is one of the best ways you can spend a day in the city (I'm assuming you sleep through the morning, of course). Waaaaaaaaay up north on Manhattan island, it feels separated from the rest of the city... a quiet sanctuary of sorts filled with medival tapestries, columns, and cloisters (duh!). The interesting mix of medieval artifacts keeps you on your toes by switching up their origin, purpose, and aesthetic detail. Even the plants in one of the courtyards serves as essentially a Medieval "herb garden". 5 stars for a having a lawn to nap on out in front Revisit? Yup!
Such a nice way to start a Sunday sight seeing.  We walked up through Fort Tryon on a bright and breezy day and spent an hour on a tour led by a very passionate medievalist who knew her stuff and made the tourists (myself included) think. A quick coffee in one of the cloisters was a nice break before heading to the Met for the afternoon.  Take advantage of the two for one admission - one price'll get you into both museums on the same day! The art is great--seeing it in the medieval setting makes it feel like you  were there as a monk in the 1200s planting rosemary, lemon balm and marshmallow.
This is a beautiful museum and I am glad to live so close to it. I have gone here 3 times already and it is truly a gem. The gardens and views of the Hudson are amazing. It is based on medieval life  with medieval architecture, art, and gardens. Most of the plants in the gardens are plants that were found in the Middle Ages. The Forty Part Motet, a sound installation by Janet Cardiff is currently at the Cloisters and it is amazing to hear the different voices both in unison and individually. I will definitely return before the exhibition is gone.
my favorite museum of all time.  I've worked in two and been to many, but this one is like a dream come true.  Ever since the first time I visited this place, I've had fantasies of having a home exactly like it.  so perfect and beautiful on top of a steep forested hill.   visit in the summer for the herb garden.  it's my favorite part.  It's famous for its Unicorn tapestries though.  No AC though, except in special rooms.  what can you expect?  it's an ancient monastary.  :)  there is also a gorgeous park that's lovely to get lost in just outside.  I even recommend climbing the hill on foot.  there's a windy path.  it's is so peaceful and beautiful.  dangerous in the winter though.  nearly slipped on ice to my doom several times.  :p  go in warm weather and bring a sturdy friend.
It is definitely a sight I recommend to see once in your life. If you like Medieval Art, then it is a must see. The Cloisters is a space that you can fully experience in less than 2 and a half hours.  After that, it gets pretty tiresome. The museum store is pretty great, and I ended up buying a unicorn tapestry mug! I loved the tapestries. Those were my favorite part. P.S. You can take pictures in all of the rooms/spaces EXCEPT for the room with all the encased chess pieces. Trust me: I learned the hard way from onlooking museum personnel.
I chaperoned a field trip to the Cloisters and left with mixed feelings. The Cloisters is a beautiful, wonderfully maintained museum with a ridiculous collection of medieval art. The tapestries are impressive, and it is amazing to know that everything in the museum has been around since the 1400s. The architecture is splendid.  There are religious tones to the stained glass windows, tapestries, paintings, and sculptures, which I suppose is to be expected with this style of art.   I enjoyed the courtyards, which of course were immaculate. I also liked our tour guide. She was very nice, well-spoken, and very well-educated. She established a friendly but professional relationship with the students and was able to guide them through most of the museum within the short time we had. She also gave us free family passes for re-admission as well as free admission to the Met, which I thought was pretty kick ass. It is easy to understand why there are so many five star reviews for the Cloisters. However, overall this place isn't my cup of tea. I certainly give credit where it is due, but the place just doesn't interest me. I prefer modern art (i.e., stuff at MoMa) and am one of the least religious people I know. As a result, I couldn't get too excited about it. And so, I give three stars, for the maintenance of the art/architecture, the tour guide, and the courtyard. However, if you are a connoisseur of art, especially medieval art, you will truly love this place, and I would highly recommend it to you. *As I stated in my review for Fort Tryon Park, if you are visiting the Cloisters, you can skip the 190th Street stop in favor of the next stop at Dyckman. You will walk up a very steep path but it will save you some time. The surrounding area is also great for cheap Latin eats, in case you don't feel like eating at the cafe.
