5 stars for a Brazilian wax. Service was quick; location is right off the Lorimer L stop. This is cleanest wax I've gotten, and I didn't break my wallet. It was only $30. I was very nervous for the wax, but the lady was very nice and calmed me down. She did such a thorough job. Next time I will be coming back from mani/pedi and eyebrows. It seems like they do everything right.
I've only ever come here for two things: brazilian waxes and manicures. And I only keep coming back for one of them. The manicure is just generally dissatisfying - the polish is a little sloppy, doesn't set well, air bubbles in my topcoat, half-assed hand massages, failing to clean under my nails, etc etc. The two I've gotten here seemed to have deteriorated faster than the norm. In short, nothing to write home about. The brazilian wax, however, is noteworthy. FASTEST. WAX. EVER. Seriously, this woman does not fuck around. She's polite, efficient, and pretty thorough, and takes the time to go back and tweeze the strays, as excruciating as that is. My only complaint is her, umm, eye for design isn't the greatest. I don't go bald up top, I just like a clean edge, and the times I've left the "triangle" shaping up to her (or even just asked her to follow the natural growth line), things have gotten a little wild. But maybe I'm just particular with my pubic hair. I've had about six brazilian waxes here and all in all I haven't found a better waxing place - right off the L/G train, very reasonably priced, clean and consistent. Manicures though? You're on your own.
I was SO excited when I found this place. I used to have an awesome waxing place in San Francisco that only charged $25 for a Brazillian wax, and Agua De La Vida seemed to have the same set up - skip the frills, keep the price low. All these 5 star waxing reviews only boosted my enthusiasm. When I was there, the service was efficient and pleasant. The waxing was a little on the rough side, but I wasn't concerned about that because it was so fast... Not until I got home and realized how much SKIN had been removed with the hair. I'm not talking slight irritation or the standard redness that comes after a wax. I have three long sections of major skin removal. Totally bummed out, disappointed and SORE. I guess the hunt for a decent low-priced waxer in Brooklyn will continue. :-(
This is the best place for Brazilian waxing in Williamsburg. I tried four places before I trusted Yepl's comments and decided to come here. Sophia did Brazilian waxing in literally seven minutes. And it was perfect just like they do it in Europe. I am coming back and you should definitely check this place out.
Brazilian wax.  Fast. Least amount of pain. Good communication about where to put legs and what not. Polite. Easy. Thorough. In and out in what seemed like 10 min. I'll only go here for my wax. 30$ + tip
I have been coming to Agua de la vida for several months now, and I have no complaints! Yes, the initial reaction when walking in is just as the other reviewers have commented:  not the tranquil and beautifully decorated spa that I have been to in the past for waxing.  However, the folks here are much friendly than a lot of those other spas. I can only comments on my waxing experiences, as I have never had other services done here: 1. Very clean. 2. Quick. I typically come with very little time to spare and I am always out in less than 10 minutes. 3. Short wait time.  I have never made a reservation and that has never mattered.  The longest I have wait longer than 15 minutes for someone to be available. 4. Kind.  I remember being terrified my first time in and she was assuring and very helpful. 5. Pain level: standard.  A wax is never an experience where I smell roses and see butterflies, but I have never walked out feeling any residual pain.  And my skin is sensitive, so it is always irritated for about 24 hours after...but never uncomfortable. 6. Price.  A Brazilian wax is $30, and if you pay with cash - there is no tax.  So I am always sure to have some cash so that I can save that $1.40! Highly recommended for those of you looking for an inexpensive and clean wax in Brooklyn!
Sophia is AWESOME! Best Brazilian wax ever.  Painless, so quick and such a good price.  I tipped 10 dollars on the 30 dollars it costs cause she was just that great.
Was in and out for a brazillian in under 15 minutes!! It was my first ever and it went great. I was in for a pedicure before and it was average, but you can't beat the prices.
I came here off of a recommendation from a friend. It's super convenient because it's right off the L/G on Lorimer/Metropolitan. Great prices! The spa is clean and the staff is friendly. The Brazilian wax goes quickly - which I am still trying to figure out if that's a good thing or not. She's quick with her waxing and the whole experience is over under 10 minutes. And, it's only $30. You can't go wrong. Super quick and they do a very clean job. Smooth as a baby afterwards. I also got a mani pedi for $28. She did an excellent job. My friend got a gel manicure for $25 and pedicure for $18 - she was also happy with her experience. I'll definitely be back!
Hooooly shit that is the easiest, relatively cheapest, thorough and clean bikini wax. THE EASIEST.  No drama- before, during, or after. It's as if it wasnt a big deal to apply hot wax to your vagizzle. Run, don't walk, to get your bikini/brazilian wax over with at Agua Day Spa! And bring cash, then it's just $30
It was the first Sunday morning of false spring. There was promise in the air, promise of a new beginning and an ending to the long suffering of the eternal winter of 2013/14. Burrowed in my musky dark cave of an apartment, I breathed deeply. Delicate spores of new life and various pollens shot up my nasal canal. I could tell through the shadow and the shades that the sun was shining. It was time. I rolled out of the indentation I had formed in my winter cocoon/bed to make an appointment at Agua De La Vida for a bikini wax. With the end of the month drawing near and therefore limited to no funds to my name, as well as no plans to go to the beach or anywhere that might require a swimsuit, it was the ideal time to get hot wax coated on my nethers and then brutally ripped away with strips of paper by a small, no-shit woman named Sophia in a room the size of my closet. I was ready to begin again. The phone was not ringing at Agua De La Vida, so I stopped by in person to make an appointment for 3pm, adequate time to take pills and get hammered before the painful renewal I would finally achieve. Sophia was immediately accommodating and gave me a hearty wink as if to say, we will become close later, you and I. Three Bloody Marys, two knockoff Excedrin, and one and half hours later, I returned to Agua De La Vida for a date with destiny. The room swam in and out of view. I was drunk for sure. I drank a glass of water they provided me free of charge (!) The woman next to me was also waiting to get her pubic hair ripped out by my petite Asian friend. We shared something, a moment of female camaraderie. I looked at her as if to say, I am with you sister, but are you as drunk as me? She did not look back, but stared at her People mag as if to say, please stop staring at me before I am to get my bikini waxed, drunk girl. My new friend Sophia escorted me into the Wax Palace, which is a closet with a bed. There are 3.75 walls that make up the Wax Palace because there is a foot length gap at the top for ventilation purposes. As Agua De La Vida is rather small and plays pop hits at an audibly soothing volume, everyone getting their feet massaged and calluses buffed can hear the goings-on of the Wax Palace. We were all in it together, now. Me, Sophia, my fellow traveler in the land of pelvic grooming, the five or so Brooklyn youths getting pedicures, and the army of women attending them. Sophia directed me to remove one half of my clothes and so I did. I was in her realm now, the realm of the Wax Palace. I made myself vulnerable to Sophia, I shared with her an intimate moments with my most intimate areas. I gazed into her eyes with pain and fear and she said, "No shave, next time it will not hurt if you do not shave." Tears escaped my eyes. I am not drunk enough for this, I thought to myself. Ripping noises echoed through Agua De La Vida as the Brooklyn youths gazed down at their toenails. "Wait," I told Sophia. Sophia hung back, impatiently. What was I doing? Why was I drunk in Agua De La Vida? It was still February, I did not need to begin summer grooming activities for a good three months. And now, here I was, my head between my legs, softly crying as Sophia yelled something to her coworkers in a language I could not or would not understand, unable to stop the proceedings. The force of Sophia's disappointment would have been too much to handle and also I would look wonky. I was stuck. Then, after what seemed like forever, Sophia gently laid me back down and went to town on my bikini line. Ruthless yet loving, relentless but gentle, Sophia ripped out my pubic hair by its root and then tweezed the ones she couldn't capture with her waxen blade of pain. When I did not have the strength, Sophia was there. When I did not believe I could go on, Sophia wordlessly coached me to ride the surf of pelvic burning and breathe deep. Like no one in my life and in a mere fifteen minutes, Sophia was able to motivate me to reach my full potential, to Never Say Never, to embody an attitude of stick-to-itiveness that I had floppily and lazily abandoned this miserable winter. With a flick of her wrist, Sophia finished and concluded my journey. Though what I owed her could never be repaid, I gave her the quoted price of $30, tipped her handsomely for her services, and exited Agua De La Vida.   Will def return! A great Brooklyn spot.
Went today was was seen immediately. Definitely an old school location, but is clean and well kept. Not sure what people are saying about "painless" but she used the proper technique and did not double dip or use super hot wax. Brazilians are going to hurt no matter what, so don't expect a pain free session! Thorough and well done. Will be going back.
I'm new to the city and asked a beauty editor friend to recommend a nail/wax salon. This was top on the list for BK and now I know why...the prices are great, the women super nice, and the results were on point. I stopped by on a Friday afternoon to scope it out and got a simple manicure with OPI polish for only $8. I had to run and grab cash as their cc minimum is $15. This spot is certainly no frills, but I'm into divey spots as long as they do the job right. While I was at the drying station, several women came in for waxing and a chick was getting a pedi in one of the spa chairs. The woman doing the pedi looked as though she was doing a very thorough job. I'll defo be back to try out a wax and I especially want to go back for a pedicure.
Just got a full leg/brazillian here and it was probably one of the fastest and thorough waxes I've ever had!
I've been meaning for a while now to write a review for this salon . I've experienced both mani/pedis and waxings here and have received pretty consistent results each time. Waxing: As many posters have mentioned, Brazilians are going to hurt - at least a little bit. Get over it or stop getting them. I've had two different women perform my waxings. I find one to be super fast and thus not so painful, but her results seem not to last very long... 2-3 weeks tops :(  The other woman is a bit slower, so slightly more of an ouch factor, but I find my hair to grow back much finer and not as fast. Overall, for $30, I like what I get and it is definitely less painful than most any other wax I have ever received. Mani/pedis: Excellent! The manicures last at least a week and the pedicures even longer. The prices are also crazy awesome, $26 for a mani pedi! The ladies here are all so sweet too!! Love Agua! p.s. bring cash, you will be charged a bit more for credit.
This place is a life-saver! I was lured by the good reviews here on Yelp, and as other posters have mentioned they are very accommodating with last-minute appointments. There is usually little to no wait for me, and the service is great for the price. I've received a manicure and a Brazilian wax here. As far as the manicure, it was nicely done. No complaints and it lasted as long as any I've had in the past. What's really worth commenting on is the wax. For $25, this is the most thorough Brazilian wax I've ever received. I'm talking tweezer thorough. I have a pretty high threshold for pain, but even so this was gentle and quick using honey wax with a nice soothing aloe balm afterwards. The only reason I did not give 5-stars is because it is hit or miss on how long it lasts. With one esthetician, I started seeing hairs back as early as a week and a half to 2 weeks later :-/, but for the price (as a NY transplant from FL, I'm used to paying $50 or more in Miami for ONE session), I cannot complain too much!
After my regular waxer relocated overseas, I was pretty bummed that I'd have to seek services elsewhere. This place was recommended by a friend, and the experience was delightful! Sophia is quick, thorough, and a professional. I'll definitely be back!
If you want a quick, cheap brazilian wax, this is the place to go . Both Sophia and her sister (i cannot remember her name!) get my brazilian done in 10-15 minutes. they are very thorough and go over their work with tweezers at the end. I actually work at a day spa and can get brazilians for free there, but i have yet to have one that is as good as Agua de La Vida. It is more than worth it to spend the money. And they accept walk ins! oh and just a tip - you can avoid paying any tax on the service if you pay cash, rather than credit card.
Quick, clean, easy on the budget...in a word - efficient. Brazilian wax. In, cleaned up, and out in lightning speed. Not for the Brazilian virgin bc not too much TLC, but if you've been getting them for awhile then this place will work for you. It works for me!
This is the best salon for overall quality and value that I have experienced in the New York area. It's clean, usually not too busy, and the staff are friendly and polite. If you need to get something done and don't have a trust fund, this is the place to go.
Sophia is great. brazilian wax. quick. painless. highly recommended!
I won't beat around the bush (no pun intended!), this is my go-to spot for Brazilian waxing, and it is the best Brazilian wax I've received in NYC. I see no other reason to try out another salon. Mind-bogglingly quick (think 15 minutes tops), mostly painless, convenient location. The ladies are super sweet and do their best to make their clients comfortable. I usually also tack on a full leg wax ($40). Here's what you should expect: It's small. The no-frills waxing room is about the size of a closet unless you're escorted downstairs (as I once was). They accept Visa (and probably a couple of other credit cards), but they will charge you tax when using it. Brazilian waxes are a mere $30. So worth it. I recommend calling ahead of time. I'm always able to get in on the same day. Sometimes the woman answering phone will take your name and sometimes she won't. They always seem to remember you're coming regardless.
I don't know how I never wrote a review for this place.  I used to come here for waxing because even though you have to wait a long while even when they tell you 5 minutes when you get there, they were really thorough and really quick.  Since I've gone the laser/threading route for hair removal, I wanted to start coming here for manicures.   I kind of feel like the manicures are kind of hit or miss. The shellac gel manicures are pretty good and last for 2-3 weeks depending on who does it.  The process is pretty quick and it definitely made me love gel manicures (no sitting in the drying station anymore).  One of the ladies is slow and is pretty not good at applying nail polish (unless it's just because my nails are kinda short?) so when she did the shellac gel manicure, it lasted about a week. I don't know what's going on, but the last 2 regular manicures I got were pretty terrible.  Poor polish application AGAIN & each manicure was from 2 different ladies.  They polish was really sloppily applied and looked terrible around the cuticles...I felt like the one lady was really rushed because it was later in the evening, but still...  One nail smudged ~4 hours after the manicure.  Which sucked.  But I kind of couldn't even wait to take the polish off because of how uneven it was.  But other times, the manicures are really good.  Actually, how can I even complain? It's $8. The ladies there are always super friendly, they have a great color selection for regular nail polish, and they're very affordable.
Getting my nails done here is affordable, easy, and quick. The staff is very kind and considerate, not chatty. My gel manicures definitely last a good two weeks without chipping and my regular pedicures also last quite a long time. The space is small, but clean. Also, such a convenient location! I'm a regular, and I'm pretty sure it's going to stay that way :)
I've been going here for two years now and I still love it. They have some newer women who do the brazilians too, but so far they have all been good and worth the price. Also I have had a few mani-pedis here and they are good, and not too pricey either ($25 i think for the combo). Heads up, they charge you a fee if you use a card, but no fee if you don't... so bring cash.
I think this is a great spot for a quick wax, I have gotten a full leg wax three times and I loveeee how fast the tech works but when i got home I had to shave because she did miss a few spots, The waxing room is very tiny and they only have one room for waxing, I don't like that the door to the waxing room is open on the bottom and top but for the quick process i would come back again, the mani and pedi are also good, def give them a try if you dread tht long painful waxing experience.
I'm so happy that I finally found a great place to go in my neighborhood. They are great!
mediocre mani/pedi
I hate getting waxed.  HATE it.  hate.  So I was as skeptical as any when I made my appointment to go to Agua De La Vida.  I was equally as skeptical once I arrived.  The waxing is done in a small room, and the walls don't reach the ceiling, so yes everyone can hear whats going on.  Plus the bed is against the wall so the positioning can be tricky. But that's where my skepticism ended.  I don't need to have an entire conversation whilst someone is waxing my nether regions.  This woman was so fast, and so thorough, I was actually disappointed with myself for not having tried it sooner.  She uses honey wax, she wears gloves, she doesn't double dip, and it is (relatively) painless.  Then, a function of crazy new york women no doubt, she got out her tweezers and found every errant hair possible.   And then the price.  30 DOLLARS.   Run, don't walk.
I was visiting Williamsburg to attend a friend's birthday party and I had a couple hours to kill.  After about two months without a manicure my hands had gotten pretty roughed up and my nails looked like a zombie had attacked them so pulling up the ol' Yelp app on my phone I found Agua De La Vida.  Located inside a residential building, the signs for the shop are on the ground floor but you have to walk up to the second level to enter the shop. Once inside, I have to confess to being surprised.  With a name like "Agua De La Vida" I had expected a shop filled with Spanish ladies.  Instead, the entire place was run by Chinese ladies.  Even better?  They spoke my dialect (something that rarely happens in New Jersey) so that was already a plus.  I had a very pleasant conversation with the lady who took care of me.  She was nice enough to tell me about the area and where good eats could be found (she was particularly fond of the Japanese and Thai food in the area).   I also got a 10 minute chair massage (I actually prefer them over table massages) and it was fantastic.  She did a great job, focusing on my neck and back as I had asked.  I walked out of the shop feeling refreshed and more civilized than when I had gone in. What's even better?  My grand total before tips was $18!  $10 for the massage and $8 for the manicure.  I was surprised as I'm used to paying around $13 for the manicure alone in Manhattan.  Hurray! Another encouraging thing I witnessed was the familiarity most clients had in the place.  Almost every person that walked in was a returning customer and that's always a good sign!
Um, I don't know what your standards are for a bikini/brazilian wax, but here are mine: -clean salon -fast -manageable pain -little to no chit chat -reasonably priced -no hair where I don't want it Agua de la Vida delivered on this criteria. I wil be going back.
Best Brazilian wax of all time. I love the woman who makes me feel agonizing pain. That's a good sign. She stays open late for me even when I make an emergency last minute appointment. She's super kind and knows what she's doing. She makes sure that everything is perfectly done so I don't have to come back in a few weeks for touch ups. No double-dipping. She always wears gloves. She tweezes like a quick pro. If I could have this woman birth my first born child, I would.
I haven't had a Brazilian wax in too long and so I was a little nervous to get one, but this was perfect and took about 10 minutes. I will definitely be headed back. Bonus: gloves, no double-dipping, and a good wax temperature. I do have to say that if you are looking for a super relaxing spa experience while you get your ladybits torn up this is not the place, but if you just want to get rid of all your pubic hair ASAP for dirt cheap then YES A+
Since moving to Brooklyn, I've been here twice for a brazilian wax and numerous times for their manicure and pedicure.  This is now my to-go spot to do these things :-) Sophia is one of the sweetest people working there. She is always mindful of the customers in the spa, making sure if we are okay, and if we need any water or hot tea.   I think Sophia does all the waxes and she is very good at trying to keep your mind off the waxing (and the pain).  Also like some of the reviews, I'm not too keen about the room they do the waxing in, as the walls are paper thin and if you scream, everybody would be able to hear you.  But hey, the wax is cheap and more importantly, sanitary and good :-)     The manicures and pedicures I've gotten here have been pretty good too.  They have a good variety of colors to choose from.  I've gotten these services from 2 different ladies (didn't get their names) and each of them take their time in doing your nails.  They give you a complimentary 5 minute shoulder massage when you're drying your manicures.  Also, if something happens to your manicure or pedicure within a week you got it, they will fix it for you for free! They do accept credit cards here, but if you pay in cash, they will not charge you the sales tax.  Also, they do take walk-ins, as I've done that a number of times.  Fortunately, they were not busy and were able to take me immediately.
Brazilian Wax in 12 minutes. Wow... super thorough and no double dipping. Sofia was awesome and even got down with tweezers after the wax, which was impressive. Oh yeah, and $30 total after all is said and done. I threw in a $6 tip which was well worth it. This is the cheapest, fastest, most thorough wax I've ever had. Cons: -Because it's super fast, it hurt like hell. More than some other places that I've been which are a little more gentle and take a few minutes longer. -If you are looking for the 'spa' experience, don't come here. The room is white, plain, kind of third world looking and there strictly for removing your hair as fast as possible.
Just as an update,  I was recently charged $35 for my Brazilian (May 2012) Not sure if the price went up or she saw me as a victim. So price beware, although it is only $5 more. I still highly recommend they upgrade that wax,even if you give your patrons the option to upgrade. That wax sucks.
Yes, $30 brazilians are great. I'm a regular and Sophia is so professional - no double dipping, wears gloves and tweezes the stray hairs. She also tells the ladies to take their time when they do mani/pedis - a thorough job is a good job and clients will come back. She's right. I just got my first facial there. I was a a bit weary but haven't been pleased with my last couple of facials (Mario Badescu, Aloha, my dermatologist office!) and I trust anything Sophia does so I finally took the plunge. Sophia wasn't available so the only other lady that does facials did it. She was great. Again, so thorough with extractions and she uses that delicate little metal ring instead of her fingers. She got every single blackhead, gave a great massage and whatever products she used left my skin glowing. I'm a bit red but that's understandable - nothing like Mario Badescu. Don't expect a fancy room - just simple and clean for $48 (normally $60 but they are 20% off right now).
I love sophia shes the best  makes brazilians a less painful experience than you would expect! The $30 is a great deal for the wax and friendly environment !!!
By chance, Shobha and Serenity Spa was all booked but this place was uber flexible w. appointments. I gave them a TWO HOUR time frame and they were able to do any time really. Waxes are always awkward by nature... and this one was more or less. Not because the attendant wasn't gracious.. but the waxing room is a bit small, located where everyone is getting their nails done, and open at the top of the ceiling to the main room. I tend to be err..  less tolerant to pain and prone to uh.. yell. So, yes awkward. But otherwise, the waxing was quick and efficient. There was no double dipping. The owner ( I think) told me she used to work at a high end salons (Elizabeth Arden Red Door) in the city before starting her own practice in BK.   Something on the more annoying side - I wish she had threaded the stray hair instead of plucking. OUCH But, the price was right so I'm a fan and def. will be back. Where else can you get a clean, efficient brazilian for $30? uh oh, hope this place doesn't fill up!
These ladies do an incredible job and are totally friendly!  I'm super picky when it comes to having my nails painted, and they are fast and precise.  They've also got tons of colors to choose from. My friend and I went in this afternoon and had about a 1/2 hour to get a manicure and pedicure.  They were more than happy to accommodate and did a really great job.  The total price was only $26.  Amazing.
Yes!!!!!!  After all the terrible places that I endured while crashing in the financial district, I have found myself a great place with an amazing nail and waxing place near by! All the reviews were super accurate.  The waxing room is RIGHT by the front desk.  The woman let me in, I took off my clothes, she was courteous when returning not to fling open the door for the world to see me, she was polite, efficient, wore gloves, used fresh strips, and I was done in less than 20 minutes.  I walked out sooooo pleased that I am almost looking forward to my next waxing experience. Haven't gotten my nails done there yet, but I am sure that it will be awesome b/c the reviews were to spot on for the waxing :)
Just adding to the chorus of raves. I had a quick relatively painless deep bikini/lower leg wax here today.  She was very thorough and I appreciate that she asked me to inspect the wax job before continuing on to another portion.  Actually It was my second time getting waxed at this spa. From what I remember the results lasted quite a while (of course hair type/genetics may have something to do with that as well). Yes the room is tiny, yes this is not a luxurious spa. But for the price, speed and ability to make you feel comfortable despite a stranger touching and waxing your pubic hair, this place is totally worth it.
I came here based on the reviews that other people had given this place on Yelp and I definitely have to say thankful you guys were so helpful and truthful.  I love this place even though I only came once. I got a deep bikini wax and the woman was extremely nice, she asked me if it was my first time and yes it was and she told me to relax and gave me a magazine to look at. She was delicate and it did not hurt as much as I expected it to hurt I do my underarms all the time and the pain was equal if not less. She also did not double dip which I was glad about clearly for sanitary reason. An added plus you have your privacy, the woman left me in the room so that I could take off my clothes and then when she was done she left me to clean up and put back on my clothes. A little funny though I got stuck in the room when I was trying to get out lol I know silly me. The room is also VERYYYY small I am tall and have long legs so it was tight for me and her in there at the same time or even just me in there by myself. I will be coming back here again. Also no appointment needed I came in and waited for less than 5 minutes and was in for maybe 15 20 mins tops. Quick not a waste of time and right off the L train and the G is right up the block as well.
I've been coming here for maybe 2 years for my Brazilian wax. If you've never had your flower waxed before, this may not be a good place for 1st timers. If you're looking for a serene/spa like setting, this may not be for you either. Fast, clean, extremely sweet/nice staff, and conveniently located off the G/L train in Williamsburg. I'm usually in & out in less than 15 minutes! Very accommodating for last minute appointments, sometimes they don't even take my name! Bring cash, otherwise you will get charged tax if you use your card. They know what they're doing and are good at it!
My brazillian wax was perfect, I believe it was Sophia since she was as great as many of the reviews claim she is. When I walked in, I felt like a celebrity. They immediately offered to take off my coat for me and brought me water, and when I told them I came from Manhattan to get my wax at their place in particular (from all the rave reviews on yelp) they were like WOW we're flattered! Best customer service ever by far. During the wax, Sophia never double dipped, assured me that everything would be OK and finished so quickly. She even talked to me to put me at ease (as this was my first time ever) and it came out so much cheaper than I expected. Perfect and awesome experience! Bring cash! I think I got charged the service fee for using a credit card =X still cheap though.
By far one of the worst massages. It just felt like somebody was rubbing oil on my skin. Couldn't get to one knot. I felt worse after I left than before I came. Highly NOT recommend.
$30 wax...I don't remember her name however she was friendly, fast and spoke with me throughout the process which was a great help. Wax was the right temperature, she wore gloves and no double dipping...did I mentioned it was just $30! Goodbye to my old place for $80 and Hello Agua De La Vida Quick update after all this time I'm still faithful :) - both Sofia and Anna are awesome.
Went for my first ever Brazilian. Place was nice and clean. Was asked if I'd been there before and if I'd ever had a Brazilian. Was gently ushered through the process as this was my first time. Definitely not what I'd been warned it would be. Uncomfortable at times but not excruciatingly painful. Definitely bearable and can be less so with regular visits. Will definitely come again.
Based on the reviews of fellow yelpers and with nothing else to do on a beautiful spring day, I ducked into Agua De La Vida on a whim while passing by to get a brazilian. I'm glad I did! I'd usually go to Magnolia for my brazilians because I was convinced their soy based "painless" wax was the only way to go. Granted, it was still painful but nowhere near as bad as some. Overall I was happy with my Magnolia waxes, but wanted to try Agua out based on the reviews and the fact I live only a few blocks away. After my wax at Agua I now know it's not so much the wax that's used but who is actually doing the waxing. I'm so sorry to say I didn't catch her name, but never have I had anyone so professional and detail oriented wax me. She made me very comfortable in what would normally be a super awkward process, as well as worked quickly and efficiently. Oh, and did I mention it only cost $30? I couldn't believe it. The actual establishment was very nice and clean. I'm actually thinking next time I get my nails done I'll head on over there because I enjoyed the ambiance of the place more so than some of the other nail salons/spas scattered around the Graham Avenue area. Overall I can't believe I'm even saying I really enjoyed my waxing (who says that!?), and I'm sure to be back. I highly recommend this place.
This is my go to nail salon!   **On Valentine's Day, I was running behind but needed a Mani BADLY!  I run in the salon and told them I needed a very quick Mani before my date.  I was in and out of the chair so quickly that I even sat and dried my nails under the fans for a few minutes before rushing out the door all within the matter of about 10-15 minutes!  They paid special attention and got my nails done perfectly!  I didn't have any streaks or nail polish on my skin/cuticles.  Needless to say, I arrived early for my date with my nails looking gorge! Thank you Agua De La Vida!!!** The staff is professional, pleasant and good at what they do!  Always a pleasant greeting when you enter the salon.  Can't complain about anything.. From the Mani-Pedi's, to the waxing, to the massages, etc... Great service for an affordable price.  I am helped from the moment I walk in, til the very last moment before I head out the door.  Clean, friendly, and intimate.  I recommend you try this place if you haven't done so yet.
They don't have a lot of staff on hand so if its busy expect to wait. Thankfully you'll be waiting for a quick, efficient, relaxing and overall delightful treatment. My GF got a manicure and I got a blue sparkly ass pedicure and the woman was awesome and didn't pull or hurt me like some have in the past. Once you're at the drying station they give you a 5 minute back massage for free! Winning! Plus its cheep (like the budgie)
After reading the reviews on Yelp I had to try Agua de la Vida's brazilian wax. Sophia made me feel at ease immediately, she's very sweet. It's a small place thats located very close to the station. As for the wax itself quick, no double dipping and (almost) pain free. All of this for $30??! I'm sold.
Love it! $30 for a very quick and thorough Brazilian wax. Called ahead to see if I could walk in and they said I could but I might have to wait a bit as I wanted to drop by at about 6PM. When I got there the person ahead of me was being serviced. Quite a funny experience as the person ahead of me was a Brazilian virgin and the whole place kept hearing her screams. Because of this, the previous appointment ran over. I got to Sophia at about 6:30 and she was very apologetic for both me and her 6:30 appointment. I got tucked away into a very small side booth and got undressed. She is fast. Very fast. I was only in there for about 15 minutes. She talked to me about the type of hair I had and how I probably need to come more often to reduce the pain (my last one was about 3 months ago...oops). SHe had me hold down my skin. One thing you should know is that while she is fast and thorough, she doesn't pull at small sections. It felt like she was taking out large patches at a time so the pull was a lot more than I have experienced at other things. I'm used to strip ministry of wax where they have you do some deep breathing and time the pulls so you feel a bit less pain (but they weren't very neat and it costs about $35 more there and the difference isn't very much). Here, Sophia goes at her own pace and pulls come randomly and before you know it she is done. Sophia is super nice! Anyways, I plan to become a monthly visitor! Right across the street from the Lorimer L/Metropolitan G so very easy to get to!
I'm so excited this place just opened! We came in for mani/pedi on a Wednesday and had an amazing experience. The staff was really attentive and did not rush through the process. Everything was handled with great detail and quality. The salon is clean, light, and provides a relaxing atmosphere. The massage chairs are amazing, as well as the foot massages. $20 for a mani/pedi Mondays-Thursday is a fantastic deal. The salon also does waxing. I can't personally speak about these services but my friend had a bikini wax and she said it was quick and painless. The place definitely has some a few things to work on, as does any other brand new business. But I have a feeling it will soon be infested by Hipsters but I will still go here b.c. of the overall experience.
The waxing  is what you need to come here for.  The lady is quick and painless and the cost is cheap.  No need for reservations, but do expect a wait if there are others coming in for a wax too.
I've been meaning to write a review for this place for a while. Sophia gives the best brazillian wax I have ever had! Seriously so fast, virtually painless, and she is super sweet! And its only $30! Mani/Pedi combo is $22 Mon-Wed, just a manicure is $8. Although this is not the place for aesthetics it is the place for clean, GOOD, cheap services! These are my ladies here at Agua De La Vida!! Go check them out :)
Sophia does a really good job waxing, and I like her a lot, but the waxing isn't really in a separate room so much as a tiny area behind a partition in the main room of the salon. This means that everyone in the salon can hear each and every hair being ripped out of your skin - not ideal. Maybe fine for an eyebrow wax, but not great for the naughty bits. As much as I like Sophia, I'm now on the hunt for a different place to get my hairs yanked out because of this. :( They also take walk-ins for nails, which is nice, but the mani/pedis I've had here were just mediocre, nothing to write home about.
I went here for a brazilian after reading Yelp recommendations for Sohpia. I would typically not write a review about waxing, but Sohpia was so sweet, I felt I had to. She took me 20 minutes before my appointment time because I got there early, and offered me a drink. The wax was super fast and thorough, and she thanked me profusely for "trusting her" with my business! So cute. Also, the waxing room was very clean, and she didn't double-dip. I'll definitely go back.
I've been shopping around for a better wax place/ experience. This place small. 3 or 4 pedi stations and one wax room upstairs- I did not get to see the downstairs room(s) but saw people coming up pink & swollen from recent work. It usually takes me- on average- 40 mins for my wax "jobs". An hour into it she said she was leaving me for another client. Eventually she stayed & finished & she was the nicest person but I would not go back there. After a mani/pedi/full leg/bikini & underarm wax I paid over $100 & spent almost 3 hours there. Very reasonable fee- very unreasonable amount of time. The place looked unkept & service was slow & seemed underexperienced. BUT they did not double dip in the wax (which many places still do!). & she also asked me to inspect her work- & she got everything. But she also bruised my skin from applying thick layers of improperly heated wax & pulling straight up- not flush with the skin. This is not a "spa". Its a nyc pop in/ pop out type nail place with a fancy name & a wax closet. I love no frills - I'm not a fancy lady but $100 was really pricey for the place & the work. The search continues.
I went for a brazilian wax on Tuesday around noon and it was dead in there so I was taken right away. I actually just saw the only other review for this salon seconds ago and found out the place just opened. But anyway, the lady was nice (sophia, I think) offered me some water and got right to business. There is only one waxing room that I saw, but I may be mistaken. So the process was pretty quick and semi-painless. I always have different levels of pain when I go for a brazilian I guess it just depends. $30 for the whole sha-bang - unless you pay with debit or credit then there's like a $2 tax added...
So it seems this is the hot spot for brazilian waxes... well i cant speak to that.. but i did have a mani pedi... and meh it was O.K. ... forgettable. this is just another hole in the wall salon - nothing special - no wow factor  - the service was ok - its not bad its not good... there was a lack of color selection.. and the salon is really small... i do give it a thumbs up for the late hours there are other places in the area that are better.... just saying
Made first time waxing experience quick and virtually painless
I love this place. Very clean, staff is very friendly, detail oriented and relaxing. They serve water infused with strawberries, sometimes lemons or limes. I get my mani and pedi's done here and my brazilian wax. Mani and pedi's are great, wonderful chairs (massaging). They do a great job fast and efficient. The brazilian wax is the best I've had in the city. They do what I ask everytime and its quick and pain free. They make sure everything is the hair is straight and check and recheck for any hairs they may have missed. I usually walk in for my mani and pedi but generally call about an hour ahead for the waxing. They offer full massages, facials and more. Best place in town and affordable.
I love this place! The ladies are super sweet and the atmosphere is clean, calm and doesn't have that terrible nail salon smell like most other places. I have had massages in the downstairs area and they are awesome. I've also had waxing and my nails done here and I always have a relaxing experience.  Not to mention, the prices are completely reasonable. This is definitely one of the best quality spas in the neighborhood. I'm moving to the west coast and will miss my trips to Agua..
I have been coming here for about 4 months for a once a month brazilian. I love Sophia. She doe the best job and always fits me in when I call. The salon is immaculately clean, as is the waxing room. I also come here on mondays for their pedi mani special. The pedi spa's are clean and it is nice and quiet. Much different from some of the other nail places say on nearby grand street.   In closing I cannot say enough about Agua De La Vida.
UM. Love love love! I went here at Yelp's recommendation and had a thoroughly excellent experience. They took their time with my manicure (which included a wonderfully long hand and back massage). I will definitely go back here.
Sophia is the awesomest...talk about clean, through and quick. I went here for the first time a month ago to get waxed for the first time EVER..(YES I KNOW) She noticed right away that I was a "shaver", she told me that because of that I was going to have very coarse hair and that it would probably hurt a lot more..yes it did..but a smooth whoha later I was jumping for joy. $30.00 for a great wax isn't bad at all!! Went for my second wax two weeks ago and I am happy to report that it hurt less and once again I received ultra attention and once again she was very through. I also had a manicure that same day..which has lasted now for 3 weeks...they are great! Overall awesome experience!!
Clean, good and affordable. Very pleasant staff. The waxing and mani-pedis are excellent. Highly recommended.
I always do pedi's and sometimes 1-hr massage. I've really never had anything to  complain about and the polish always lasts close to 3 weeks ($18+tip). I've been to places that cater more to callus removal but these amazing ladies know what they're doing with cuticles and lasting color. The place is a no-frills environment so not exactly a spa but  I haven't found anywhere I prefer to give my business. The massages are also recommended. Mae is excellent.
I went for a massage and it was probably one of the worst massages I've ever had. I asked the massage lady to go deeper and get rid of my knot ad she would simply just run my back. Waste of money. I'll never go back.
Yes! Oh, I'm so sad there isn't a place this great near me in Chicago. I was in town for work and needed to get my nails done. I ended up getting not just a manicure but also a 20 minute massage because it's only $15! They also give you a shoulder massage while your nails dry. My nails still look great and for all of that I paid basically nothing.
I haven't had a bikini wax in 10 years and I have never had a brazilian. Today I went for the brazilian because I am getting married in Punta Cana on Saturday and want to try to not worry about shaving! I called Agua De La Vida and asked if I can be seen today and she said come right over. I arrived at 1:30 and was taken right in to the room. Sophia was fantastic. She is a delightful person and I didn't expect to feel as at ease as I did by just taking off my panties and letting her get to work. lol. She was quick and she explained how the process is much easier the more you do it because the hairs are less stubborn.. I will definitely be going back to find out. :)  Very clean and nice salon, they do nails too. No double dipping. $30 plus 20% tip. I will be recommending this salon to others and thanks to fellow yelpers for helping me pick a great place to go!
After reading and reading Yelpers review on this spa i finally gave it a try. And OMG am i happy i did. This was my second time getting a brazilian wax and i was more nervous then the first time. The first time i got a brazilian i wanted to try this spa in the city that everyone was talking about. It was the worst experense ever. and for $60 just not worth it at all. For about 4 months iv been looking to get brazilian waxing another try and kept looking for the right place. And now i have found it. This place is Small but amazying. I was expecting a small waxing room from reading the reviews below. and Yes its small but u get right to business. Sophia is the best. She was so friendly and funny and kept my mind off the pain. Yes it still hurts to get waxed but she makes it worth it. the results came out amazying. No double dipping is a plus. And for $30 you just cant beat that.. I will never try another place.
There are many "searches" in a girl's life, especially when she moves to a new neighborhood - the search for the perfect tailor, for the perfect hair stylist, for the perfect waxist, and for the perfect manicure.  One of the saddest things about my leaving Williamsburg, was that I had finally found a the perfect place for a manicure and pedicure. $30 for a combo mani-pedi, and everybody who has done my nails there pays acute attention to detail and does them to perfection.  The setting is relaxing (no loud TV blaring the "Jersey shore" or some other trash TV as a manicurist inexpertly buffs your nails while paying more attention to "The Situation" on TV than the situation at hand),and they even give you a quick little back massage to while your hands are drying under the UV light. The staff pays attention to you there, and give you genuine service you are happy to pay for.
Very cheap+ great job on my mani/pedi-place is a bit shabby. Pros: -great job on my mani/pedi -mani/pedi total was $26 -M-Th before 3pm Mani/Pedis are discounted -Friendly, helpful and attentive staff -Big window to people watch from if you are getting a pedi Cons: -a bit shabby and depressing -There was a wet/grubby hand rag in the bathroom instead of pptowels **I never saw the liquid that places use to sanitize tools , however I did see one girl set her tools in a microwave looking sanitizer thing. I didn't see her wipe them off or anything first. This could just be my ignorance to how these things work.** Unless I get a weird fungus or something, the price and job well done are just right to make me go back.
I have never written a review, but this time I can't help myself. I went in for a gel manicure and a regular pedicure today. The gel manicure is horrible...it's "crispy" on the sides of my nail...she didn't paint up to my cuticle so it looks like I painted my nails days ago and they are now growing out. Honestly worst manicure ever. I did my homework before going and $50 later, I absolutely regret it! Do they sterilize equipment? Who knows? I tried to ask but no one understood me. Do they have a variation in gel colors? No...they didn't have dark pink! That's how crappy the color selection is, I should've walked out then, but tried to give the place a shot! Never again... Not sure how to upload a picture...but imagine a bright orange polish with one nail missing the top uv gel coat! Geez! Don't go here. Plenty of other spots just a block away.
Really great brazilians done here. The girls who do them are always super quick and the price is great. I have never had to wait more than 10 minutes as a walk-in.
Update: Honestly... No BS... The wax left my skin very rough and my hair grew more course. I really dont know what's up with this cheap wax, but I  know i wont come here again. My poom-Poom deserves better!
Thankfully I found this place on yelp after having an appointment cancelled at another salon. I decided to try it out since its about 15 minutes from my job & the reviews were good. Well thank goodness for fellow yelpers, the reviews were very accurate! I called ahead and was told I could come in, no appointment necessary...cool! I get there, the staff is very polite, but as others have mentioned the room for waxing is literally a closet. Which is why I think the waxes are so quick...lets be honest who wants to be stuck looking at someone's lady parts in such a cramped space.. Anywho very clean & thorough, so much so that I wanted to tell her enough already with the tweezers!! But she made sure she got everything! Not bad for 30 bucks (plus tax if you use a card).
Sophia did my brazilian and it was the least pain i've ever experienced. She did NOT double-dip and was very meticulous to make sure all hairs were gone. She even went further to look for ingrown hairs to remove. Friendly, personable and cheap ($30)! I'd let her wax my pooter any day!
I LOVE this place. I go in Thursday nights after work and within about an hour, have gotten a great Brazilian bikini wax, mani and pedi. The place is no-frills but very clean; the ladies there are uniformly sweet and accomodating. It's so near to my new place and I'm so happy I've found it. The waxes are very thorough; frankly much better than ones I've spent double or triple on in the city. Meaning, the prices are great. Highly recommended. Just hope it doesn't get too crowded. :)
After reading the reviews i decided to go here for a Brazilian being that so many people go here for it.... I am honestly not the biggest fan of this place O_o.. it isnt really bad.. took about 10 mins. my problem is GOODNESS does it HURT! It's my first time waxing in years but i honestly do not remember it being so gosh darn painful! i really thought she was gonna rip my poor little lady parts off of me! also where they do the waxing is right next to the register.. ACTUALLY right next to EVERYTHING since the place is pretty small... and EVERYONE WILL HEAR YOU! it is not a closed off room.. the room is closed by like a curtain thing.. and if you look up its open on top.. so like i said if your a screamer (like myself) or even a moaner -_-.. the entire place will hear you.... also i was a little shy walking in and asking for a brazilian -_-.. it felt like i choked when i walked in and she asked what is it id like .... in front of everyone -_-.. then aside from everyone hearing all my moans from the pain when asked if id like a design of some sort -_- was also pretty shy trying to say what i want to say without being heard by the rest of the damn people in the place -_- yes its cheap and all.. and the woman was friendly.... but if you really want a spa experience and someone to go smooth on you and not leave wax all over -_- (which felt like forever trying to remove once i got home to shower -_-... being that i was already in pain) this really will not be the place for you... i will be trying another place that wont feel like their trying to rip my little parts out -_-
i slept funny the previous night and woke up with a throbbing neck/shoulder ache. decided to try out a deep tissue massage here since it was close to where i live. um.. i really wanted to give this place a good review because they were so nice to me, but that was probably the most painful and awkward deep tissue massage i've ever received. i woke up the next morning with bruises all over my back and legs. :(
Only been here for the bikini wax. I'm really awkward and weird about these things.... but everyone from the receptionist to the lady who, uh, serviced me? were so unbelievably nice. Everything was super professional and I was all done in less than 15 mins. It's nice that I didn't even need an appointment. My only gripe is that the room they wax in is right by the reception/waiting area. Like, right by it. Just hope you're not a screamer...
My usual waxer (from another salon) was unavailable, so I was thrilled to find out that there's another place that can do a great job at a low price. Let me tell you, this was the first time my wax took 15 minutes or less. This is the first time I didn't tear up, or sweat from pain, or cry hysterically, or just tense silently. It was quick and virtually painless - for a wax anyway. Granted, my usual waxer kind of prepared me, my hair and skin for this moment, but no matter - this was the easiest wax I've ever gotten. And yes, it's $30 for a full bikini wax  - thorough, no double dip, and a sweetheart who knows her stuff. My waxer was Sofia, and she was...just go to her and you'll see. She's awesome. Then I got my nails done. They look shiny and bright, but the best part was that while I was drying I was treated to candy, water, and a back rub. A back rub? Seriously? For the price of an $18 pedicure. So good.
This is now my favorite nail salon.  I have never had a manicure last so long, and I have never been tended to so well.  They also did a great job on my eyebrows.   Bonus: she gave my a back massage while my nails were drying. $22 mani-pedi special before 3pm on the weekdays.  YOU CAN NOT BEAT IT. I love this place, and will probably never go anywhere else for my nails again!
i'm of the belief that a freshly brazilianed kitty is a happy kitty and that i, by no means, should have to pay 50+ for a quality wax in new york. this is the first place i went to and the only place i will continue to go to unless a) i move or b) they shut down. let's pray that neither of those things happen. but 35 dollars for a (extremely thorough...she asked if i wanted her to tweeze "the back" after waxing) brazilian? and complimentary jolly ranchers? if you are in north brooklyn, definitely make the trip out. some information: although an appointment isn't required, sophie (the only one who does brazilians, there is another lady who will do bikinis) has odd hours. also, the waxing room is tiny, and the table is pressed up against the wall. it might be awkward for some of the taller ladies, but i'm 5'11 and managed to do okay.
Inexpensive, friendly, clean. Good place to go for cheap manicure that you can count on!
Sophie is the best! Make sure to bring cash though otherwise tax added on to credit card purchase.
Wonderful little Brooklyn spa. Rickety stairs, typical ny-style space, not well-decorated but clean. A friend recommended the place for my first Brazilian wax. I was very nervous. Sophia made me comfortable and acted like everything was extremely easy and normal. I think, given the relative discomfort of the whole situation, you should take the time to go to someone nice and sympathetic for your first session. Sophia was fast, hygienic, and pleasant. She got $30 plus a generous tip from this happy first-timer. Less than a block from the L train, easy to find.
They get the job done.  I don't really need to be pampered, sometimes I just want it to be affordable and competent.  Agua was super efficient. Even though I called in advance, I had to wait about 15 minutes. They were pretty busy.  But when she finally got in, my esthetician was all business.  The room is very small and there is no glamour, but it seemed clean, the tweezers were sitting in a sterilizer and the price is definitely right.  She was super quick, which I appreciate on my lady bits, especially because now I am pregnant and extra sensitive.  She was sensitive to the fact that I am pregnant and skipped using any extra creams/gels - she said 'natural is better' - so cute. :)  I did underarms ($10), a basic bikini ($15) and since she was clearly very competent, added my upper lip too ($5).  $30 for everything (!!!).   I will return for sure. Accepts debit.
I was going to give 2 stars, because I know there's worse out there that's more expensive, but after a couple of days, this is more accurate.  I've been to several different waxing salons (in Philly and LA) and this was one of the (if not the*) most painful.  I hadn't gone waxing in too long, and I probably have a healthier amount of hair, but this is by no means the first time I returned to waxing from a long hiatus.  Yes, Sophia was nice, but: -She seemed rushed, because the appointment before me was late, which I imagine didn't help the quality of the job. -The wax was applied with the force you'd use to spread dry peanut butter. -After minutes of (painful) tweezing, there was still more left than I was expecting. -5 days later, I still saw tiny red dots on my pantyliner.  This is something I wouldn't be surprised of on the same day, but after FIVE days?  Never saw that. -The speed and amount of regrowth was just really disappointing and, again, worse than the other places I've been to. I just don't recommend this place, particularly if it's a first time, or after too many months.
Everyone here is so, so nice, and they do an amazing job! The prices are stellar, and my manicures always last for a LONG time. Pedicures for even longer. They can almost always fit you in as a walk-in, also! HOORAYS!
I tried to make an appointment at Serenity when I had a free afternoon off work, however the next wax they had open wasn't for a whole 2 weeks. Since I wanted to surprise the boyfriend (I mean, why else do girls gotta 'scape the lady bits??) the 2 week wait was kind of not ideal. I called Agua and she literally told me "I can take you whenever" so I took 20 minutes to get there and she saw me 10 minutes later. No big deal with my totally open schedule. Like a few previous reviewers have said, yes, the wax room is ABSURDLY small. There's room for you and room for her. I didn't even have anywhere to put my coat and things. And yes, it's a little weird that the room is basically a lean to (especially since some dude was in there getting his nails cut and filed literally 20 feet away from the room--WTF? Do that at home) She showed me the room and had me prepare. I only have one complaint and that's this one bit that was more or less resolved. When she showed me me, I sort of panicked because the table was covered in wrinkly obviously had been used....I must have looked at her with a look of either horror or panic because she immediately realized her misstep and replaced the paper liner. PHEW. While I was undressing, I looked at the towel placed for me and that TOO had been used!!! Pubic hair and gobs of wax, I was so skeeved out! I frantically searched for a towel under the table and threw the dirty one on the floor. With my now clean towel, I sat on the table and waited. I will say, she seemed to not realize the wax room had been used and not reset, but maybe in my naive southern girl mindset I am giving her the benefit of the doubt she was undeserving?? So when she got back, she was a little peeved that I trashed the old towel ( I mean, I'M not using that!) and pretty much got down to business. All and all, it was more painful then I was used too BUT wayyyyy more thorough then the others I have had. I applaud that because a month and a half later, I am STILL hairless. :) She was pretty tactful about the whole thing asking me if I wanted my behind finished too. The whole thing was not as awkward as it usually is. Haha. Joanie K. said she was threaded afterwards, but I was plucked so I wonder why we were different?? Didn't hurt me a bit. AND for $30, you cannot beat a good, and mostly clean minus the towel incident, waxin'. All in all, a good experience. The lady was fairly quick, totally thorough and experienced, super nice and the actual spa was clean. Plus a mani-pedi is a grand total $25. I'd definitely go back and tell others too as well.
All the ladies that work at Agua are sweet and attentive. And, like every other reviewer has stated, nobody waxes a petunia better than Sophia.
$30 for a brazilian... Who wouldn't love that? Sophia is great.. Friendly, no double dipping, quick and efficient. Yes, the wax room is a bit small but I really don't mind. I'll be a regular from now on :)
Trekked out to Williamsburg from the UES.  The service is beyond belief!  Sophie (my waxer) suggests to call ahead of time for an appointment just in case they're backed up or closing early.
I don't do long reviews anymore, but here's the important stuff: -Walked in to Agua De La Vida on an early Wednesday afternoon -Asked the woman at the front desk (Sophia) if someone had time to give me a Brazilian -She told me "of course" and asked if I would like some water (so great) -I was immediately escorted into the waxing room. -Granted it is very small and not very separate from the other area of the salon (people can probably hear you getting waxed) I actually didn't mind. -It had been a while since my last Brazilian, like over a year, so my hair was coarse and I knew it would hurt, but honestly, Sophia is SO QUICK and she tells you where to put your hands so that the skin is pulled tight (I realize this is a lot of info, but isn't that why people come to Yelp in the first place?) so it was not as bad as I was expecting. -She is extremely professional and a total sweetheart -I can't decide what the best part is, how fast it was, how gentle she is, or the price...$30. AMAZING. -Come here. Just do it. If you're not prissy and you don't mind being waxed in a small area, make it happen.
What everyone said before about this place being all-around awesome was true. Sophia was a doll and very professional. Definitely going back again and this was my first time coming here :)
Thank you Yelp for not letting me down. I live in Queens and would travel to the city for a good cheap brazilian wax. So to find a place in Bk that does a quick, thorough brazilian for $30 makes me oh so happy.  Sophia is great and interrupted her nail session to wax me. Yeah the waxing room is right off the nail area but that is to be expected since it is a nail salon. Looked like the "spa" area was downstairs. I had a pedicure as well and have no complaints, they did a good job. Only thing is to bring cash...there's a $4 charge if you use a credit/debit card which she didn't tell me before charging me. All in all, a good experience and I will be a regular.
Absolutely the WORST waxing experience ever!! Do not come here unless you want your lady bits ripped off!  The waxing may be cheap but I'd rather pay more for a better relaxing experience.
The 4 stars are for this place as a nail salon! Not waxing...I'll explain. This is my go to place for a mani-pedi. The girls are all very nice and attentive. They some how can always tell the color you had in mind when you picked it, and if how it looks on your toes isn't exactly how you'd assume from the bottle, they ask if you'd like to switch. Can't get any better than that. I got a full leg wax the first time I came that was great. And The shoulder/neck massage while drying is heaven. Brazilian however...NO. If I had to rate on my brazilian waxing experience alone, I'd give it 2. I read great reviews on their brazilian and after the lady I used to like to go to burned me my past two times and it was quite painful I decided to get one with my usual mani-pedi.   It was just as painful, I was burned again only this time the wax was much less thorough and TOO quick. Yes a quick brazilian is nice but there has to be a balance between speed and efficiency. This wax just had speed. I won't go back to either place for a brazilian but if I had to choose one I'd def chose the place I'd go to before. At least then I'm totally hairless. This time I had to go back and get all the hairs she missed.
Very friendly, very efficient, great price and most importantly- great wax!  All around everything you could ask for.  I will become a regular for sure!
this place is wonderful! i have been getting my nails done at siss or cutie calls for awhile now, but i've never liked going there. it's such a factory and crowded and the staff is stressed and annoyed. agua de la vida is the complete opposite. it's only a few blocks away- right at the lorimer stop and it's very intimate, lovely staff, personal attention. definitely going back very soon!
Great little hole in the wall type nail salon!  Best prices I've seen in a long time.  They have a weekday special for a mani/pedi combo at $22.  You can't beat that!  They take good care of you, offering water and magazines while you're in the big massage chairs.  Sweet ladies, extremely kind and cheerful. My reasons for taking off one star is that they use a mink oil spray to dry the nails instead of UV light.  That is a bummer because a) I don't use animal products and was a little disturbed once I glanced at the can and realized what had just been sprayed on me and b) it doesn't work!  I left and had 3 smudges/chips within an hour.  In my experience, the UV light makes nails hard as rocks, and no minks need to be involved.  Just saying. Overall, I liked the place, but please, Agua De La Vida, buy a UV light dryer and toss the mink oil spray!
The glowing reviews of the brazilian wax here are TRUE! It had been a very long time for me since I'd had a major wax, and I was so pleased at how professional, fast, clean, and relatively pain-free the service was. The owner is the waxing expert here, and she was clearly very experienced. I chose to go pretty bare, and was very happy with the results. I'll definitely go back. $30 cash, plus tip, for the Brazilian.
ok....clean efficient and to the point. Fastest brazilian ever...not posh but practical for the price.
Went here on recc from a friend. Bikini wax was awesome and FAST. They dont double dip! And Pedi was  great too. The ladies are very nice and I will be going back for sure!
5 stars for my gel manicure that lasted 18 days!!!  Also had a lower leg wax from Tea (not Sophia)  and she was wonderful.  She actually took the time to clean most of the wax off my legs and she didn't use (or need to use) the dreaded tweezers.  Will go back tomorrow for an upper leg wax as well.
Fifteen bucks for a bikini wax. It is hard to beat that price. Also, as of now appointments are NOT necessary. I did call to let them know I was coming in and when I arrived everything was ready. The waxing room is small, bright, and clean. It is basic, no frills, no fuss. The staff was very friendly and I can see myself coming back.
I came here for my first Brazilian and I was scared to death. I advise taking a pain pill before you go because you will need it. I have tattoos and piercings and this pain was still really bad. The lady, Sophia, really made me feel comfortable so that was a good thing. If you want it go for it. The pain is really bad but she talks to you to try and keep you mind off the pain. It hurts a little after its over but within five minuted the pain is basically gone. UPDATE: I've been going here for about 3 years now and the it still hurts but the pain is bearable (I keep going back). Also Sophia's sister does waxing now also and she is pretty good as well although I forgot her name.
They are one of the best for mani/pedis as well as the brazilian wax. I started to come here regularly. I like the ladies there, they are meticulous and they understand what the customers want. We basically have someone else to do nails or waxing so they can do a better job than us. I really like their massage chair when I get my pedicure. The place is pretty clean so I feel comfortable. If you're in the neighborhood, you should check them out!
I just love my little salon....its nothing fancy but for what it is, its great. Go for the Mon-Thu before 3pm mani/pedi for $20 special. And I've raved and will continue to rave about the brazilian waxes, Sophia is gentle and friendly, and most importantly QUICK! Love this place!
My manicurist paid a lot of attention to detail, and my manicure lasted for a really long time!
Great find! Decided to try waxing and was very nervous. Sophia is amazing. Very nice, calming and friendly. Other services are also good (mani & pedi) and all prices are VERY reasonable. $30 for full Brazilian is unheard of. Worth the trip over to Williamsburg without a doubt.
Besides having to wait the nail shop is very cute and conveniently located near the L train. I came here for a pedicure and a polish change and I really enjoyed the pedicure. The lady took her time and was very nice. I will def be back it beats riding the train for a hour to go to my other place
Let's get one thing straight my fellow yelpers, a Brazilian wax is never fun! I don't care what anyone says; ripping hair from the most sensitive part of your body does not feel good. Even to the most extremist of people. With that being said, the angel named Sofia (spelling is probably a little off) made my waxing experience the best it could ever be. I'm no waxing expert. This is only the second time I've ever gotten this done. However she has a new client in me and I will be recruiting all my other novice waxers over there also. It is a little out the way for me because I live in Canarsie but for $35 and only once a month, im not complaining. I called a place named Freckles first. Ive heard great things about them and I wanted to try them out but I didn't have an appointment and at 11am on a Wed, they told me they were busy so I yelped the area to see what else was around and i called this place. They were able to accommodate me immediately and that gives it an extra star in my book! Let me give you an idea about what im dealing with.... My hair removal process takes a couple hours..... (Awkward silence). I felt the need to apologize about the state of my affairs before she even seen me. She made me feel so comfortable without getting creepy and she reassured me that she has seen worse. It was painful yes... But my pain tolerance is very low and my hair is very thick. She was professional and poised and maintained a comfortable atmosphere even in the weirdest positions. The room is tiny. Just enough for you and her. If you scream, other people will hear you. She managed to cut down my couple hours to 15 minutes max, and that's including changing clothes. Thanks to you yelpers I found this gem and I'm sticking with it.
best brazilian wax ever! It took only 10 minutes and one month later I only have a few hair that grew back: and so cheap too
It has been many years since I have bared my legs to the wax, and well, I am a newbie to the brazilian. The leg wax not was without its fair share of pain, but that is to be expected. The esthetician (sorry, i didn't catch her name, i was too nervous) was lovely and gentle. She was kind enough not to laugh at me, but with me. The brazilian, which I feared more than having my wisdom teeth removed, was a pleasantly quick and relatively painless. There were fleeting moments of "dear god, is this reality or am i tripping on something," but those quickly passed. Sophia, the esthetician who did the brazilian, is so lovely, sweet, funny, and encouraging. Her personality is phenomenal, and her skills are amazing. In under ten minutes, we were completely finished. I was stunned and pleased! Agua De La Vida is great place that has good prices along with nice people.
Sophie is the best waxer ever! I was in need of a Brazilian before a trip & booked an appointment a week in advance for my friend & me. Upon arrival we were promptly greeted & while my friend went first I was offered tea. Sophie makes you feel really comfortable and does an impeccable job. She was quick but thorough and I know I will be returning. We also got a manicure afterwards which was lovely (they have a good selection of Essie and OPI nail polishes). They sat us together and gave a stellar back rub while our nails were drying. Overall, my first experience here was pretty fantastic and I would highly recommend it for a cheap yet great Brazilian and manicure.
As others have stated, Sophia really is the best. She's very thorough, as is her staff. I've had facials, manicures, and eyebrows done here, and she's taken extra time each time to make sure the service is perfect. I also appreciate the attention to detail elsewhere, like always checking that you're comfortable, temperature wise, making sure that you have magazines and fresh water (with lemon), wiping down the nail polish brush after use, etc. It's not the closest nail place to my apartment, but it's worth the trip.
This place is fantastic.  Their manicures and pedicures are great and last forever.  Sophia is amazing, she waxes my eyebrows perfectly everytime.  I absolutely love this place higly recommend.
gem of a place for a cheap and well-done mani-pedi.  I just hope word doesn't get out!  it can get a bit crowded.  i like this place because: 1. they really take time and care into the paint job and polish seems to last 2. total price comes out a few dollars cheaper than other places in the hood 3. being on the 2nd floor the whole place gets nice light and actually has kind of nice views out either side which makes the whole experience more pleasant 4. good magazine selection 5. unless they are super slammed they almost always give you a back massage when you dry. Also the $22 mani pedi on weekdays before 3 is a steal.  Definitely my go-to!
I just got my second eyebrow wax from this place. I drank iced water infused with fresh strawberries while I waited (CUTE & delicious!). The lady that did it this time was the same as last time...she did another GREAT job, I've been super happy both times. BUT be warned she doesnt speak much English at all, so you have to kinda just let her do her thing, and hope it comes out well. Luckily I've been really blown away both times, and she spent 30 mins each time perfecting. Now THAT's service.
You really cannot beat the $30 brazilian wax here. Quick and they're so friendly. Just grab a magazine as you head in and before you know it, she's done. I keep meaning to add on a mani-pedi and/or a back massage, but I'm always in a rush. Also, being able to book the day of (usually like an hour before) is fantastic.
always polite, know what they're doing, are quick and efficient and the place is pleasant and clean. this place always do a great job and i can't wait to try more of what they have to offer!
Amazing brazilian bikini - fast, painless and on top of that, she was careful to extract ingrown hairs & plucked out strays.  I have been to the best, most expensive spas in Manhattan to get brazilians but this beats them all. The last place I went to on 57th street left me with soooo many ingrown hairs and irritation, not to mention the hefty bill!! I have found the perfect place close to home.
After reading all the other reviews and recently moving back to New York, I decided I had to try this place for a wax. I mean, $30 is a great deal, and everyone had glowing things to say about it so why not! When I first showed up I was escorted up the stairs, only to be brought back down into a curtained off room on the first floor. I saw the little room everyone else was talking about, but for some reason they took me downstairs. I am a regular waxer, so I knew what to expect. Overall she did a great job, took the time to listen to me about what I wanted, and it has lasted quite some time. The only problem I have is that the wax was either not hot enough or cheap, and felt stick rather than how wax typically feels. That was a bit of a turn off but maybe that's what you get for $30. After getting waxed I decided to get a mani pedi. I believe before 3 it's only 21$ (or something like that), but I ended up paying $26 (not terrible). The color selection was okay, I definitely would have preferred some more colors, but the service itself was pretty good. My manicure lasted about two weeks before it started chipping. However when it started chipping, it ALL started chipping, so it is time to do my nails again! The pedicure was a typical pedicure, no frills. Bonus: When my nails were drying i got a quick little complimentary massage. Cons: When I went to pay I didn't have enough cash. It was 56$ but after running my credit card, they added tax, something I don't think they do if you pay cash. Overall, not a bad place and I'll definitely come back, though I wish there wax was different.
I joined yelp just to write this review! I called the spa at 7:03 pm on a Sunday for a brazillian wax and was home by 7:33 pm! Sophia was so nice, quick,extreamly thorough, and above all sanitary! You cant beat the price! $30!!! I can't wait to return for a spa day!
No matter what groupon or living social deal or something of that sort that I buy nothing seems to compare to Agua when I get brazilian waxes there. Sofia is so fast that I felt like she was rushing, mainly because I realized how slow the other people at other places were. Not only is she efficient, polite, and fast with the waxing, She also uses tweezers to get the last bit and will make sure you like what you see. Sometimes I wish they would have better air conditioning but hey you can't have everything. No waxing place gets better than here at $30. Forget the discount at other places that do horrible jobs. Agua de la Vida is the place!
This place is great! Its pretty bare bones, which is fine. They are clean and do a great job, which is most important to me. I've been going here for waxing and pedicures. Very reasonable prices for both services. I've gone to other places, but I keep coming back here!
had a brazilian here, and was very delighted by my experience. i've been getting brazilians for years, in some posh salons and some random cheapo ones too. this one is a gem. courteous, not too much chatting, and an unbelievable price of $30. my waxer did a great job and got every single hair, and in less than 15 minutes too! clean place, paper on the table, no double dipping, gloves. they use blue hot wax, which i've never had a problem with. its not the best, but for the price, i'm really not complaining. i would definitely recommend this place for a no-fuss brazilian at a sweet price.
I called today to make an appointment for a Brazilian wax, but it does seem like you can probably walk in during the day no problem. Now, getting your junk waxed is never fun. It will always be painful and scary, but a skilled waxer can minimize these things. The woman who waxed me (I am assuming Sophia) was friendly and pleasant. This was one of the least awkward waxing experiences I have had and felt at ease the entire time. She gets right up in there, but is quick and professional. She let me know that she probably couldn't get everything since I had been shaving up until recently, and advised me that it would be more painful this time. I think she did an excellent job under the circumstances and my results are still better than any other waxing place I have tried. I was able to walk the 15 min to the salon, get waxed and walk back, all in the span of my hour lunch break. I will def go back. The place is not fancy, but i would rather pay 30 bucks for clean and professional service than go to a more expensive salon. They don't double dip, which is more than I can say for any where else I have gone.
This was my first time in. I loved it. This is not an uppity, frilly spa. It is a clean, efficient and well-run establishment that gives you quality and care for cheap prices. I initally just wanted a brazilian wax, then decided to get a pedi as well. They get things done really quickly here and do a very thorough job. The brazilian was very quick (15 mins) and thats with my whimpering breaks in between. If you use card, they charge tax, I didn't mind, and I tipped them in cash. The brazilian was 30, which I realize is cheap, and she did a very good job, and was very sweet. After my pedi, she gave me a quick shoulder massage while I was letting my toes dry. A different girl did my pedi and I was very happy with it. I even messed up one of my toes before I left and the lady that did my brazilian and massage fixed it for me right there. I was so pleased with this place. Definitely going back for all of my brazilians.
this place is SO great and the most affordable nail salon in the area. as a manicure/pedicure/waxing junkie, i've literally been to an infinity number of nail spas in my life, and this is one of my all-time favorites. they have water with lemon, a great selection of magazines and friendly staff.
I went to get A Brazilian at Agua de la Vida and it was great! The Brazilian looked great and I was very satisfied with the results. However, I left the salon very sticky down there. I had a couple of errands to run and my underwear kept sticking to me!
best waxing experience ever.
I went here this summer for a wax. I live in the hood, so I wanted to see what all this yelping was about (aside from the pain we endure for this procedure). I had a walk-in appt and was greeted very nicely. I walked into this small room with little swinging bar doors. I see a big crock pot of wax (only 1 type of wax, so if you have sensitive skin you're screwed), a ton of wooden sticks, and waxing strips. So I get into my service.....I don't want to say the woman's name, but she kept telling me how beautiful I was as my legs were spread eagle in the air and I swear she used enough powder to slide me off of the table. I told her I wanted a triangle and she gave me a landing strip...PLUS it was crooked. You get the visual, it was a little unnerving. Not to mention the hair grew back within a week. UGH!!! Needless to say, I don't care if it IS $40. Not worth it, you certainly get what you pay for. Read my lips " not gonna do it"!
Seriously, this place is the best. They get me in the same day, they're fast, excessively cheap and very friendly!
Nothing fancy. I've been here twice after reading positive reviews here on Yelp, once for an eyebrow wax, the other for their $22 mani/pedi. The wax was lopsided, she didn't do any trimming, and afterwards, I could see that the wax was pretty ineffective. It lasted at best one week, and the shape was wrong. The mani/pedi was okay, but the pedicure was a little rough and rushed. On the plus side, they give you a short massage as your nails dry, and my nails lasted almost 10 days and were a great Essie shade of mint green. You get what you pay for, but if you just want pretty nails with no extras, the $22 mani/pedi is pretty good.
This place was great, efficient, as painless as possible AND the massage was wonderful. A great hole in the wall if you can find it!
Sophoa is great and I'm thrilled I found her and Agua De La Vida. I'll never have to leave my neighborhood for a wax again!
Fantastic and inexpensive find for massages!  While not a fancy spa the deep tissue massages are skillfully done and you can't beat their low prices.  They do a great job on pedicures too.  Every time I call or walk in they can fit me in and are friendly and attentive.  Highly recommend!
This my second brazillian and I couldn't be more pleased!  I made a last minute appointment-called just 45 min before I showed up, and they were very accommodating.  The waxing was fast-maybe 15 minutes and she was so thorough with tweezing.  Would definitely recommend Agua De La Vida, even for first time waxers!
I have been here about 15 times since it has opened, it's down the block from me, so about once every year I find myself going there out of ease, but this is the last time! Once I had a wax in which I was BURNED, my skin was chafed raw and I bruised severely. The girl never changed sticks, and she laughed at some point when she ripped the air out of me.   On another trip a different woman cut my left toe nail so short it bleed. It's been more than two years since those incidents and thought it would be safe, I was wrong. Mid-way through cutting my one toenail I told her it hurt but she continued. Moved to the other foot and did the exact same thing! Proceeded to file the nail after I told her to stop, and then told me she could "cut the top of the skin off from my toe to it wouldn't look so short." The massage she gave felt grating against my foot bones, and continued to futz with the big toes that she over cut, and the cream stung. When I looked down the skin was raw, and looked like it was bleeding. And she told me it was fine. It hurt to walk home, my toes feel raw, there is a small amount of blood, and I know I will be in open toes shoes for at least a few days because even putting on my flip flips hurts the skin. This was the single worst pedicure I have EVER received in over 10 years of going to multiple places both cheaper and more expensive. I have never walked walked out mid service of anything before, yes I paid, but I only did so I wouldn't lose sleep over it.
Wanted to find last minute facials for a friend of mine and I who came to town on short notice and all of the places I called could not accomodate us... Agua de la Vida happily said yes with only two hours notice. I was a little wary at first because it's not the newest or sleekest spa, but as soon as we walked in we were greeted warmly by everyone and all of the ladies were super attentive. We were led back downstairs  to have our facials done at the same time/side by side. The room is small and a lot of street noise comes through (you can also hear when anyone enters/leaves), but the bed instantly made me relax along with the (albeit cheesy) music they played, complete with twittering birds, ha! We both agreed that our facials were amazing. There was no consultation about my skin beforehand, she just got right to work, but the extractions were quick and thorough, the face/neck/shoulder massage was terrific, and she made sure I was comfortable throughout. My skin was glowing afterward with zero redness, blotchiness, etc. If you want a lush spa experience (fluffly robe, sauna, champagne) then definitely skip this one. However, if you're looking for a great facial at a great price ($60 for a European) with limited advanced planning and a lovely staff, try Agua de la Vida. I'll be going back for sure!
I love this place! I go about 3 times a month for mani/pedis and they're great and affordable! The ladies who work here do a wonderful job and are really friendly. I've also gotten gel nails a couple times and have been very happy with the results. They don't have all of the gel colors, so if you're looking for a certain color, perhaps call ahead? Otherwise, I highly recommend Agua De La Vida!
I have really sensitive skin, so I like to try a leg wax at cheap places before I dare go in for a brazilian. The leg wax here was the worst I ever had. They use some kind of gross roller to apply the wax. It looked like it had been heavily used and never cleaned. Also, this roller applies only a tiny bit of wax at a time, and it catches your hair as it's applied, making the application of the wax even more painful than the removal. I had some older lady, who spoke no english and took FOREVER. Towards the end (I think it had been an hour already), the owner came in and helped her, so I had two women working on me at once. She offerred to do my bikini line, and I assumed it was going to be free, since it was taking so long, but in the end, she charged me an extra ten dollars for it. They were perfectly nice, but it was far too painful and time-consuming for me to consider going back there.
