Getting a monthly massage is my one (okay, not only one...) indulgence.  I had a pinched nerve in my back and my upper back felt like muscle macrame with all my knots.  I did not want to drop the $150 for a 50 minute spa massage that apparently is the norm here in Manhattan and only would leave me feeling relaxed but still in physical discomfort ... The concierge at the Hilton Times Square told me about this place, saying it was not a rock gardens and bathrobes kind of joint, but they do 'real bodywork.'  Bingo!  I made an appointment and I have to say it was one of the best massages around.  George was my therapist and was extremely strong and seemed to intuitively get where to apply more or less pressure.  The pressure was generally slanted toward more. George effectively dug out the the knots in my back but in combination with providing relaxing/meditative massage strokes.  The rooms have walls but the entry and some partitions are curtains, so if you are super finicky about privacy, you might feel a little exposed.  The table was a little on the hard side, but still comfortable.  The guy in the curtained room next to mine was so relaxed he started snoring, which I dismissed as cute because I was in a good mood with the said massage going on.  This place provided exactly what my back needed most... the special they are running on the website for 75 minutes for $55 is quite a deal.  I did tip George a $20 because he deserved a $20... tipping percentages be damned...
I tried one hour full body massage here for the first time. As many people recommend Helen in their reviews, that's what I did. She was very good! I had very tense neck and shoulder but she took care of these areas intensively. She knows what she is doing. I will go back soon. I would also recommended Helen :)
This was just what I needed after being on a plane for 5 hours. I'm picky with massages. Most spas are "rubbing" instead of massaging. This place will get all the knots out and make you feel relaxed for half the price of other places. So if you're thinking about it, just do it
An hour massage for $50.  Can't beat that, especially since the massage always makes me feel like light and relaxed.  I've been about 5 times now and so glad to have stumbled on the place.  I've been to way too many expensive or horrible places that I hesitated a bit with the price.  They really know what they're doing here.  The staff are so nice and professional and the place is clean.   They also have a punch card -- Buy 9 massages get one free.  Will definitely be coming here for a while.  Have recommended this place to a few friends and they all loved it.
So I have gone to a lot of places that offer - a great deal - for an hour full body massage - find one of those places. $50. is NOT a great deal - it's ok - BUT - they only do the back half of your body - no feet really or head - plus make you tip 20% - which the ladies were good - my husband and I were in the same room - but - still most places when saying full body mean just that - not half.  I guess - like most things in NYC - be very clear about what you would like and whether this is - YES - what they are offering.  $120 dollars later my husband is rubbing my feet :/  LAME.
Cindy is wonderful. Amazing massage :)
I used Yelp to find the asian massage place close to my office 2 weeks ago. no appointment, just walk-in. fine! I've had a lot of massages but this one was special. it was stronger than before. I like stronger massage at all. place is clean and cheap price. Taiji! I will be back!
George is the BEST!!! He's super strong and never disappoints if you like it to HURT SO GOOD!!!!
Very nice clean space. Staff is very friendly and made my feet very happy.
Real, real, Asian massage..... I'm sorry but those expensive massages they give at those hotels or in those fancy, pricey spa shops?? No, no. If you want real, hard but super relaxing (.......if you get this juxtaposition) massage, Tiaji is the right choice. At least my mom and I think so. And we have been obsessed with massages for like... 5 years.
CINDY IS AMAZING!!!  You will not be disappointed!  Just request her when you call to book an appt.  I have severe back injuries from a car accident  and have been getting massages for years to manage the pain.  I tried out Taiji Body Work because it was close to where I work.  I did not have high expectations because the pricing scale was so inexpensive but to my surprise, it was one of the best massages I have ever gotten!   I would highly recommend Cindy- what she accomplishes in 30 minutes blows my mind compared to a 60 or 90 minute massage that costs 3 times as much in a typical spa setting.  I barely have to say a word to her and she knows where my body needs to be untangled.  Hot rocks included too!  She is magic!
Went for a massage on the weekend. Asked for the yelp deal of 75 minutes and was underwhelmed. The lady kept breathing on me and had just eaten.  When it was time to pay they added a credit card surcharge which is against their interchange agreement with VISA.
Taiji is fantastic. Yes, it's basic but it's super clean and the most important thing is that the therapists are brilliant. My friend had Lucy and I had Helen.  We both went in gnarled and knotted but came out 90 minutes later  feeling so much better. They really know how to zone in on the areas that need attention and take a lot of trouble, applying just the perfect amount of pressure to ease out those knots.  And it's great value too.  Will definitely be back regularly
I am visiting and found a high ranking massage spot across town, but after a mixup in directions, I stumbled upon this little gem! I walked in and was taken back instantly. The massage was very thorough and the perfect pressure! I extended an hour with an additional 15 min for a foot massage (from all the walking) and I feel brand new! I will definitely come back before the end of my stay.
This is one of the best massages I have had especially for the cost! My boyfriend and I went today, and the ladies were so nice. It is clean, nothing too fancy. Highly recommend this place and will be going back!
Great price, and very nice atmosphere considering this a cheapo massage, but I have had a few massages and found them to be little hit or miss. Good, but can't say amazing...My boyfriend had a massage with Cindy and loved her, and I decided to try her. I made phone appointment with Cindy, and when I got to the spa, I confirmed that I had an appointment with "CINDY". My massage was good, but not great, and afterwards, when I was paying, my masseuse wrote her name on a card- and it was not Cindy at all. Very disappointing!! I also don't like that the workers call out and speak to each other over the rooms during the massage or walk away for stretches of time to go get hot rocks. They should be quick if they leave at all, and I found myself waiting for up to 4-5 min a few times for my masseuse to come back. They don't make up the extra minutes in the end.
So I am still a fan of this place, but have since discovered a cheap, Asian massage parlor that I like better so need to grade on a curve. For those who are interested, my new 5 star Asian massage place is called "Rub-A-Dub" on 54th and 9th avenue.  I understand this is more or less the sketchiest name they could give themselves (short of, I guess, "We Love You Long Time"), but it's really great and very consistent and methodical in working out my back.
I like to get massages OFTEN. I am thrilled I found this place. Yes, it has limited privacy, but if you are more into the bodywork and aren't bothered by hearing someone else getting pummeled ten feet away, this place has a lot of bang for the buck. Clean, cheap, and no appointment necessary (but recommended!) I will be going back in a few days.
A little noisy but decent massage for the price
Michelle was great!
Thank you Kelley for making my lower back feel good again!  This place is wonderful!  Highly recommend to everyone.!
Lisa is an amazing massage therapist. She knows how to work out all the knots and use just the right pressure. I highly recommend seeing her for a massage!
This place rocks. I got a 70 minute massage for 50 bucks. It was incredible.  The interior is nice and comfortable. They warmed me up, did deep massage, they even climbed on my back somehow really to dig in there. Then they brought out these hot black stones, it was awesome. Just thinking about it makes me want to go back. They also have a great bowl of candy. I would check this place out.
This was by far the best massage I have had... EVER. Within  minutes Helen knew all my problem areas and concentrated on my (meatball) sized knots effectively, but with just the right amount of pressure. I've long suffered from back problems (disc herniations, spasms, etc). I just wish I'd come here sooner. I don't think you'll find a better deal in Manhattan. Do yourself a solid and ask for Helen. Cheers.
Excellent massage at a great price.  Worth every penny.  I go once per week!
My buddy and I just stopped in. It was clean and very professional. I had Helen who was easy on the eyes and had a good personality.  She walked on my back which was awesome. The best parts were the hot stones, which were a first and now standard for any future massages. It's like standing under a hot shower but better in every way. The foot rub was awesome as well. My buddy and I have three days left visiting NYC and already know 70 mins of our precious time will be spent here again. It's worth it so go.
Amy nearly beat me to death today and I LOVED it.  It's rare that I get a masseuse that delivers enough pressure to work out the muscle and still be somewhat merciful in the execution.  The place is as neat as a pin and everyone there seems SUPER eager to help.  There are only curtains separating you from other clients, but that wasn't a problem.  Highly recommended if you want a very reasonable massage.  Hot stones, hot towels, deep tissue, the whole shebang.  I will be back.
Read many great reviews for this place so I decided I needed a good massage so I stepped in and said sorry I didn't call ahead could you please accommodate a 30 minute massage a few ladies looked at each other pointed to one sitting on the couch with a headset to her computer and said she will take you, the woman sitting down made a nasty face started a banter with them and they said to me go ahead with her.  I said she doesn't look enthused about giving a massage so I opted to just leave.   Part of the experience for me is at least having a masseuse who's glad customers are coming in to their work place for a massage.  Others might be fine with that but I would have been in my head throughout this massage.
I was in desperate need of a massage today. Didn't sleep well last night, so I decided to come to the second location of my favorite massage parlor. They had a grand opening special, 75 minutes for $50 which was a great deal! I had to take advantage of it for sure. The establishment was nice and clean. A little darker and more rooms than the 8th street location. My female masseuse was calm and courteous. She's decent at her massages, but she kept asking me every 15 minutes if the massage was too hard.. I wanted to look at her and say "if it was too hard, dont u think I would tell u?" So I really feel like 5 minutes of that time was wasted due to her asking so many times. Also her massage was alright, it wasnt the best, or better than the ones on 8th street. She also had her CELL PHONE on her.. it rang, she PICKED IT UP and talked for 3 minutes to some guy. How RUDE.... ugh. I wanted to say something, and then I didnt because I wanted to relax. I still gave her a nice $10 tip, I'm sure she's new along with the establishment.   Might try this place again when everything gets more in order.
Just got back from a 70 minute massage with Lisa (checked-in and got it for $50). AMAZING. I  have a chronic pain and knots in my neck and shoulder and so I'm not new to getting massages. Lisa has strong hands, so if you like a massage that really eases muscle aches and relieves some of the tension, she's the way to go. But, she's also very responsive to your requests. I was feeling achey and wanted a bit lighter than i normally like my massages and she managed to find just the right amount of pressure. She also used some hot stones that felt amazing. I walked out slightly in a daze on a bit of a massage high. In short, go and ask for Lisa.
I had about an hour massage with man name George and I felt very nice and had relaxed time while I am getting massage . Staffs and managers were very kind and I feel comfortable to go again to shop!!!
Affordable nice massage place. The massage is not as good as some sketchy Chinatown places (where they do Tui-Na) since I prefer deep-tissue or Tui-Na massage myself. But overall, it's a great place to get massage and relax.
The place is clean, the rooms are separated by legit curtains, the music they play is very relaxing. and the massage -- the most important aspect of all, is pretty good. This is the third time I go to there, and I finally memorize her name --Judy！She is absolutely amazing!  I'm pretty sure she is trained in reflexology, she hits certain key points in my back and legs that simply made my body tingle. I'm sore and really feeling refreshed today. I will definitely go back!
Had an 1.5 hour massage from Helen. She was excellent!
Excellent service for the price. Large cubicles, well lit, clean, spacious. Generally better than many of the Tui-Na places, Taiji seems to have taken this business model up a notch by offering better, larger cubicles, a larger waiting area, well-lit hallways and bathrooms (but nice dim massage cubicles), and the therapists have all been very good. Combined with the price and convenient hours, it's really a great deal.
I've been here twice - the first time was better than the 2nd, but both were totally good and enjoyable.  My favorite masseuse was Coco, who was amazing at finding all of the little kinks and knots in my back. She's magical.  The place is very clean and felt pretty quiet, even though some of the rooms are divided up with curtains.  There are rooms that are more closed off and private, and I suppose you can ask for one of those if it's not too busy.  I highly recommend this place - for the price, it's a fantastic value!
Great place.  Great environment.  The massage was well worth the money and the deal they have going on ($50 for 75 mins) is awesome.
Everything about Helen is true: super friendly and attentive to your instructions. I asked for hard pressure, and she really packed on so much power for someone so small! I admit I was sore after I left, but I felt great the next day. I was also very late for my appointment and they were still accommodating, but it was a slow, rainy Saturday morning. Taiji isn't as private as other places, but definitely clean and worth the value. Pay cash to save a few dollars.
My weekly go to for a real massage. The staff is nice, friendly and very professional. I highly recommend Cindy  for her skills. She had always found the way to relieve my painful points. This place is a no-brainer!
Great affordable massage. Space is clean. What more do you want for a cheap massage.
This place is really great. I've been looking for a clean, no nonsense, not-a-spa, reasonably-priced massage place and I have found it! It was very easy to make a day-of appointment. The place was extremely clean. You do not get individual rooms (customers are separated by curtains) but I didn't mind since I'm used to massages in Hong Kong. My masseuse definitely took out every single knot possible in my back/shoulder/neck. I even got a bit of a hot stone massage at the end. I was sore the next day (which you should be after a good, productive massage) and felt wonderful for the rest of the month. I will definitely find time to come back on a regular basis!
I have mixed feelings about this place after loving the 8th street location of Taiji Body Work.  This location is bigger and quieter, but I wasn't crazy about my masseuse (forgot to ask for her name).  She was very sweet and friendly, but her massage was on the lighter side for me.  She tried her best to go stronger after I asked her to, and I really appreciated that.  When she brought out the hot stones to massage me, they were so hot that they actually burnt my back!  I jumped and told her it was too hot, and she tried to cool them down, but they brunt me once again.  It went back and forth like that for about 3 times before the temperature got just right.  I had some red burnt marks on my back the morning after.  Not sure about going back to this location after this experience...
I've been to numerous places, but I keep coming back to Taiji because I enjoy how I feel afterward. Thanks again, Helen. You do great work, and the price is right.
Helen is superb--highly recommended. The place is clean, professional, and very polite. Treat yourself!
Came back again after my first debacle. The second time around was good. They must've read my comment about how soft my first massage was because this time they kicked my ass. It hurts afterwards, but it was a good hurt. Still didn't change the head/foot massage, still useless. Overall I'm glad I came back, they redeemed themselves in my eyes.
Excellent price... Was very pleased. Thank you candy
I loved this place!!   Totally affordable, friendly staff, super clean and peaceful environment.  Hot stones!! Strong hands! Great massage from head to butt to toes. LOVE!
I went there for he first time on 5/3/13 and I must say I was pleasantly surprised.  The place was very clean and the staff very friendly.  I've read other reviews on here and was skeptical about going but decided to take the chance.  I am soooo glad I did.  My masseuse was Mary and she worked wonders!!!!  I came in with very knotted shoulders and left with no knots or pains at all.  I used my yelp coupon with no problems and because Mary did such an excellent job it gave her the $10 I saved.  She really deserved it.  I do suggest that you tell the masseuse which massage you want.  You will hear other people getting worked on but overall the atmosphere was calming and pleasant.  I am looking forward to going back in 2 weeks!
Given the proximity to where I am staying, the cost ($40 for 50 mins), the pleasant ambiance and decor, and the quality of my massage, I am pretty happy about finding this spot. I had Candy, who was in tune with finding the knots in my back and I would request her again. I generally like a high pressure shiatsu massage with a bit of footwork, but Taiji is a great option and so very convenient. Actually, I'm thinking of the half hour reflexology massage soon after fashion week is over...
I generally go to fancy frou-frou spas and this was the first no frills place I've been to in the US that wasn't in an airport.  I'm actually torn if I liked the place or not.  I gave Taiji 4 stars because of the value and the masseuse's ability to get the knots out of my back but I definitely felt awkward there given the proximity of how close the next patron was behind the curtain. I have to go back because I bought one of the Yelp deals.
This place is a gem. Not only is the facility new and clean, but the prices are cheap! I went in for their $50 for 75 minutes deal and was not disappointed. The lady did a thorough job and I left happy. They also have a rewards program. I think every 10 massages you get one free (it might be every 5, I'm not too sure).
Perfect for the foot-weary traveler! On a 6 day visit.. about to fall apart on day 5, found great reviews for this spot right here on Yelp. Myself and my other travel companions were able to get a same day appointment. And were it not for that visit.. I might have been dragging myself along the pavement for the final day of my trip. I'll be stopping by next visit to the city. Well worth it!
Great massage. The hot stones really loosened me up!
Love, love, love this place.
The price and friendly staff really can't be beat.  While everyone is very professional, the space unfortunately is not.  I suppose I've been spoiled with previous spa treatments but it was a little disconcerting to your "massage happy place" when you can hear other people getting their treatments.  However, it was pretty funny overhearing two women in different rooms realizing the other was a friend and didn't know the other was there until they each heard the other tell their masseuse how good their services felt.   I am certainly planning on going back and recommend it for those wanting a quick getaway for a great price in the city amongst overpriced alternatives that won't give you as good of a rub down as Taiji.
No appointment needed! Their massages are amazing and worth the very affordable investment!
It was just OK.  Very bare minimal (curtains separating the rooms), which would be fine, except that the massage itself was not memorable.  It was good while I was there, and then utterly forgettable after.  So, not sure if it would be worth it the second time around.
Last week, my back was killing me - but just couldn't find time to make an appointment with my chiropractor. Ended up having a couple of hours to kill after work on Friday & yay Yelp - found this place on Yelp with one of those specials - 75 minutes for $50. Good reviews - not too inconvenient from work... It was pretty empty when I got there - so they took me right away. The masseuse asked me if I wanted it hard - and I immediately said yes. Boy did she work me... The next day all those knots & tight muscles were definitely worked out - but I have to say, my back was a bit sore from the pressure for two days. However, I was in such bad shape, it wasn't surprising. She really had to work out those kinks!  (did I say my back was really, really bad) Near my tennis, I plan on going there a couple of times a month afterwards! Definitely recommend.
My Wife and I found this lovely place through Yelp.  It was above average and with the Check-in special $50 for 75 it was a steal...  Note: Bring Cash or they charge you there Credit Card Fees...
Well, I finally decided that I'm not able to deal with the noise of this place. The lights are too bright and the constant activity in the hall just cannot overcome the expertise of the masseuse. Its too bad. Back to my old stand by.
50$ for a 1 hour massage. Enough said. No really, in London, you'd expect to pay 50£ at least for a 1 hour massage. This one was fantastic, they even used hot stones. Definitely my new go to get fixed point in NYC.
Me and my friend went yesterday. Lyme and Helen were our masseuses. Loved their hot stone. Great service and environment as well. Will go next time.
I have been massaged all over the place and all through out luxurious spas. Taiji easily beats them all if you are looking for a serious freakin massage especially with the $48 for 70 minutes Yelp deal. The quality of the massage is so on target. I have been multiple times with my husband and the people we get each time take note of our concerns (it's wise to voice where you are in most pain beforehand) and also take note of the pressure you prefer. My husbands knots are ridiculous because he works out all the time and easily stressed in general so this place is like a haven for him because the lady uses all her strength to knead his knots out. Garlic knots. No that was my last review.. I can't believe the price of this compared to spa massages. I feel like those $120 massages are only so costly because you are paying for a certain atmosphere and product perhaps but if you are looking for straight up massage muscle work no bells and whistles at all, this is a must try place.
$50 for an hour?!?!?! no, it's not the best massage i've ever had (that one costs four times as much--but what do you expect for this price?). and i've gone to other more spa-like places and paid a lot more for a lot worse. this place is lovely-- courteous, quick, and relaxing as hell, and the decor is much nicer than the typical chinese massage joint.  i will be back.
I really enjoyed Taiji. The massage was amazing -- I came here with a cramp in my shoulder so bad that I couldn't turn my neck -- and they were able to loosen the muscle and relieve the pain. It's definitely a deep-tissue massage, so be prepared. The place was clean, the rooms were private (though still noisy), and the prices are phenomenal. The biggest downside is that they use baby oil, so if you're prone to breakouts or don't like the smell, that can be tough. But overall, I really like this place. Will definitely go back.
Nothing fancy, but amazing massage.
The reviews aren't wrong! This was THE best massage I've had in years!!! The ladies there are lovely, and have hands of magic. They find your aches and pains and apply the perfect amount of pressure to relieve the tension. Definitely found my 'to-go' to massage place!
I was visiting New York on business, it was around 9:30 at night and my back was killing me.  Based on Yelp reviews, I decided to try Taiji Body Work on 27th street.  I received prompt courteous service with no delay.  I wish this place was near my home in Austin, TX.
This place is awesome. Have been there a few times for a couples massage. Totally affordable, clean, and friendly. Would highly recommend this place. Just don't be shy to speak up to customize your massage the way you want it.
Judy was my massage therapist.  My massage is one of the best I ever had.  My back, neck, shoulder hips and legs felt soooo good.  The place was very clean and comfortable.  I pay 50 for 70 mins and since I charge it they take $3 for "tax".  That never happen before using my credit card.  I also tip her $10 because I was in so much pain before I get there.  After leaving there the pain ease up a little.   I'll definitely be back!!! Jane T.
The 60 minutes were too short, it felt great.
So this review is long over due. I will say that this place is great for the price. Wish it was a little more private but as they say, you get what you pay for. I went on my birthday which was in June and they were very accommodating and did not judge me to much for the yelp deal that I had. I am definitely returning and would not mind getting a woman this time. The man was ok I just feel a little creeped out by that. Would recommend to others, especially if you are on a budget... Well worth the price :)
Great great massage from Tom
Staff members are polite.
I have been to other Asian massage places in the city similar to this one so I knew what I was getting into when I showed up.  I knew I would hear other people getting a massage and hear noise from time to time.  I did not expect to be right next to the front and literally hear every person have a full conversation about their appointments and the staff all speaking to each other.  They don't even try to keep a quiet environment.  Similar with other reviewers experiences, they do not follow normal guidelines/protocol about keeping your body covered appropriately with the towel.  I also experienced my masseuse leave to get hot towels and hot stones (which were scalding and not in a good way) for seemingly long periods of time. There are other places in the city to get a similarly priced massage in a much better, no frills environment.  I'd stay away from this place.
I had been walking around NYC area for about 2 days straight so it was a bit painful on my left foot when I walked. I got the 30-min foot rub thinking it would relieve the pain. It still hurt immediately after the message but the pain went away after about 12 hours. Not sure if it is because the massage did the magic or I gave my foot a good rest.
We had a surprisingly disappointing experience, given the overall 4-star rating the place had (as of April 2013). My husband and I went in and took a couple's room. A male masseur came in and, when I requested a female masseuse, the guy started giggling sillily. A female masseuse did come after about 5 minutes and, although she was going about her job well, she was constantly chatting with my husband's masseuse and occasionally giggling. And ironically they had a sign in the room requesting silence. Although I started late, both masseuses stopped at the same time (which means I got about 5 minutes less). I've been to several places and a 70-minute full body massage typically does just that - a full body massage. I however only got a back massage for the most part. Hands and legs weren't touched until the last few minutes and was very rushed. Overall a very disappointing experience and unprofessional behavior by all concerned. We only left a 10% tip for the poor service and the lady at the reception was trying to haggle about that too. Never going back here again.
Helen is as amazing as everyone says. She is kind, responsive, incredibly strong -- truly one of the best massages I've ever had. I paid $50 for 70 minutes and it was worth twice that much and more. The atmosphere is very relaxing and private, even though you can hear noises in the waiting room (I found that it was minimal and like white noise). I highly recommend Taiji and Helen. You can't go wrong.
I was last here a couple of years ago, and while I do not recall the name of the male masseuse, I remember getting very good massages and going out of the way after work to get here.
best massage and deal in the area!!! hand down! go see george!!!
My friends & I came here for a massage the other day. We all came out with high praise for this establishment. It was $50 for the an hour massage plus hot stone treatment and foot rub. Great deal & wonderful services. This place is very clean and QUIET ( a must for me)
I have had a really tense back for a while and this totally fixed it.  Like other reviewers, you should note that it's not fancy and they're not going to pamper you.  But it's clean and staff are nice.  I had a guy named George and I'll definitely go back.  Price is great.
Incredible deals here, with very competent masseurs and masseuses.  I would definitely go again if I needed my back taken care of.
I got a great massage using yelp deal. The place was simple but clean, there are no actual doors, just curtains, so you could hear other guests talking
I am writing this review from my wife's account. She presented this as my 32nd birthday gift. Basically, George the guy that took care of me did a great job working out the kinks. Would 100 percent recommend after tonight's experience.
I regret not asking my masseuse's name because next time I really want to get a massage again from her. Her hands were so strong and the massage was really great.  I felt so stretched, loose and balanced afterwards.  I had the worst stiff neck and a HUGE knot when I went on Monday and after my massage I had some movement back, but was still a little sore.  By Tuesday I had complete relief!  She gave me a little of everything: long full strokes, focus on pressure points, use of hot stones,  you name it.  I loved the fact that I never had to say what I even wanted her to focus on.  She was experienced and observant, knew where the knot was on her own and focused a good amount of time on it.  It was great!  The currently have a deal on their website for $40 massages ($42 if you use a credit card).  The massages are so affordable and they can expect to have another regular as I'd be foolish to not return.
My wife and I made our first visit in an evening on June 17.....and we got Helen and Amy according to reviews.....they were both amazing!  We are from Hong Kong and we can tell that they are really experts.....make us feel like at home!
I have been going to this outfit almost a year , I see Helen once a week. She is very good with taking out Knots in your shoulders. Once of the best and cleanest places in NY for the money. I work long hours so this is has become like seeing the doctor once a week... Good and very friendly staff but ask for Helen.
Really good massage for a great price. The place is no frills- just a curtain separating you and the person next to you but I got a way better massage than I've had at spa places that charge more than double the price.  The staff when I went were confused about how to redeem a Yelp instant deal though. I bought a deal for $5 and they charged me $40 for 60 mins but just charge my friend $45 for 60 minutes so it turned out to be the same price anyway. Still definitely worth the price and all the staff working there were extremely nice.
After running 26.2 miles on Sunday, I had plans to get a massage several times this week. Didn't want to break the bank though and after a quick google search and looking at their website it seemed reasonable and fairly priced at $50/hour. I noticed the sign out front said new customers get a footrub with the body massage so I requested that. Overall massage was fine and in line with what I expected. Female masseuse didn't speak/understand much English and communicating with her was difficult. She had to ask the lady at the front desk to come over and translate every time I had a question. Still things got lost in translation. I told them I wanted most of the hour if not all spent on the legs only as they were extremely sore from running. I even suggested maybe devote ~45min to the legs yet I could have sworn she still spent half the time on my back. Also I hadn't rec'd the foot rub yet she said I was done. I asked about the foot rub and they said I had already received a 70min of servce instead of the 60min/10min footrub which I specifically asked for and I would have to pay extra for a footrub. I was a bit irate and it was clear there was miscommunication and their fault. I ended up paying $10 for the additional 10min foot rub. On my way out I was about give them some criticism over the mishap, making me pay for a service that I should have received. As I walked up to the desk they apologized for the mishap and said most clients opt for swapping the 10min footrub  with 10min additioinal time to the 1 hour massage and handed me a coupon for a free 10min footrub on my next visit and apologized again for the miscommunication. This actually made me feel a little bit better as I've been to several Chinese run massage places where the service is frankly subpar, so I decided to hold back the criticism since she appeared to recognize that it was their fault. Anyways experience aside, the place looks pretty new and is very clean which a huge plus. I've been to several Chinese massage places and I've to my share of dingy and smelly establishments. This place is far from it. The rooms are clean and makes the experience much nicer. I would definitely consider returning.
I used my yelp discount for a thirty minute foot rub. I had a woman and she told me to remove my pants and i laid down on the table. She started with the left foot and I feltt she knew all the right points and was great at working out the knots. She had it timed and by the time she began on my right foot I was snoring in a relaxed half awake state. It was thirty minutes of bliss and when done I felt refreshed from my nap and my feet felt wonderful. Here they charge $28 minus the 12 so I paid 16 plus 5 total $21 for 30 mins. I paid cash to avoid the $2 surcharge for credit card payments. It was well worth it but I saw on west 8th places which charge 24 or 25 for one hour foot rub. I may go there since they offer more value. If not I will be coming back and I thought 30 mins for a foot rub especially so excellent was worth it. It is affordable once per month if one is on a budget.
Visiting NYC from Baltimore. Searched yelp for highly rated massage spas. While sightseeing I found myself by 27th street. And 7th ave.  decided to give this place a try. Wow !!  I get massages regularly. I asked for a 90 minute massage. It cost $80 on credit card. It's cheaper if u pay cash by about 8%.   Anyway. As a walk in they got me right in. I was given to Lisa. She is awesome!!!   In 90 minutes she did Swedish, a lot of deep tissue, stood on my back and walked on me. Head neck and shoulders. Hot stone massage and worked my legs arms and put at least 15 minutes on my feet. Worked on my face and scalp too. Such a thorough and aware treatment hitting so many of my trouble spots back and shoulders.  I tipped her $40 on an $80 massage. Next time I'll get the 2 hours for $100. So affordable. I love Asian massage in manhattan. The high level of skill and work ethic for the price can't be beat anywhere else in the States.  Highly recommended. The studio is very clean and professional and efficient. It looks small and anonymous from the street but once inside the place is enormous and extends deeply into the building. The photos are accurate. Massage rooms generally seem to have one solid wall and one curtain wall--probably for accommodating couples massages. The receptionist was efficient and very courteous. She had a cup of water waiting for me as I paid and left. She also gave me a punch card for future massages. I think it's buy 10 get 1 free or something similar.
This place rocks especially since its affordable and close to work. My massage therapist was Sarah and she was mad strong for her size, which was good because I was worried I wouldn't feel a thing. The place is clean and neat, unlike the outside which makes it look like a hole in the wall joint. The rooms are tiny and you can definitely hear everything that's going on, but it didn't ruin my experience. I did the 70 minutes for $50 deal and it was definitely worth it. I started off with a full body rub, then hot stones, and ended with a foot rub. My back was full of crazy knots and I liked that Sarah knew where all of them were, and worked on them instead of just glancing over everything like other massages I've had. After my massage was done, I paid up front where I was given a lil card with the massage therapist's name and a lil cup of water to drink. That night I slept like a baby, but was sore the next day, which is supposed to happen. The pain went away after a day or two and I felt awesome.
they use the hot stone as part of a regular massage, extra bonus!!
Great deal for the service i received! Only downfall was when the lady who was giving me a massage had to let other workers know to keep it down or move downstairs because it was not going to be peaceful for me to concentrate. But other than that would go back. Thanks
Good cheap massages with a nicer ambiance than your avg. neon light Chinese massage parlors in the City.  The place is quiet and the "rooms" (walled, but w/ curtains as 'doors') are clean.
I just had a 1.5 hour massage with Cindy and I'd rank it as one of my favorites!  She was amazing!  I definitely plan on making Taiji my new go-to massage place.
Great value massage. Prices are very reasonable and the venue is relaxing and pristine. I get the 90 minute treatment which combines different types of massage (deep tissue, hot stone among some). Amazing place. I go here regularly.
My butt felt completely rejuvenated!  Best butt massage ever!
Good massage for a good price.  I didn't catch her name but she was responsive and asked whether I would like it a bit more forceful as well as realized that the hot stones were initially a bit too warm for me.
the message was excellent my back & neck felt so much better & i was so relaxed when done,but it was loud hearing the phone ringing all the time can mess up your groove
Solid massage for the price.  Place is clean and simple, but for this price I wasn't expecting a posh spa experience.   The massage itself was pretty good and deep (as requested) and the hot-stones were also a nice touch.  Overall, great value but knocked down 1-star because my male masseuse didn't really feel where the knots were just kinda massaged the whole back to get the majority of but not all of them.
It was great! The place is clean and quiet. It was a bargain for a good massage in the area. Cindy was my therapist and I love the hot stone session. I will go back for hot stone session only soon!
It was an okay massage, not great, and could have used more force even though he started out by asking if I was okay with a lot of force and I said yes.
My friend and I went here for the first time a few months back and we were not disappointed!! Great price and atmosphere for it not t be a full service spa. I will definetly  be returning as a regular customer.
Great price with the yelp checkin deal.  I would definately go back.  Your basic chinese massage in NYC.
I Love The Couples Massage I Had Gotten, It Was Great.
I've had my fair share of massages and this place is one of the BEST massage places I've been to in NYC! There are several reasons as to why... 1) The decor seemed polished and clean. 2)You can not beat the price! I had a couples massage and paid $75 per person for a 90 minute massage. They even gave me a mini hot stone massage during my session. 3) Open late hours. We were running a bit late and they were so understanding. 4) MOST IMPORTANTLY... The massage therapists were AMAZING! As soon as we met them, we could just tell they were so kind and genuine. My therapist was George while my boyfriend had Cindy. George got all of my knots out and used just the right amount of pressure on me. My boyfriend is tall and likes a lot of pressure when he gets massages, so Cindy was able to do so. He was so relaxed that he didn't even know he fell asleep (I heard him snoring). ASK FOR GEORGE & CINDY, 100% RECOMMEND THEM!!! Overall, I definitely got more than I paid for. It isn't some ridiculously over-priced massage place where I go once; because I will be coming here often!!
anna was fantastic, worked super hard and very thoughtful
One of Best Inexpensive Massage Place!!!! Since I'm an Regular Runner & Biker, I've been going to Taiji w27th Street for a few years now, and I've been to many Different Massage Place, and Seeing many Licensed Massage Therapist as well.. I had Regular  Massuer at Taiji  But She left, since then I've tried others but OK, One day I had to go to 58th street location b/c 27th st was very busy, and  It was My WORST experience!!! I felt like almost throw up afterwards... Never Go back there again and DONT RECOMMEND 58TH STREET LOCATION TO ANYONE! then I went back to w27th street and Tracy helped me out to set up with Lily, She was Amazing! Excellent! Professional and all each Combination Massages were Great! I didn't have to say or ask anything...really... this is how people should feel after Massage session. 2 Thumbs up!!!! I Highly Recommend LILY for Anyone who're  looking for Real Good Massage!!!
So I went in, without an appointment... They were happy to accept walk ins, and I didn't have to wait at all... I got Helen, which a few here talked about already... And couldn't have been happier! First of all, she's strong as hell!!! She will ruin you!!!(in a good way, of course...) Anyway, had everything from Swedish, to hot stones, to climbing all over me, to feet, to face massage done... A really really great massage in all ways. The 1 star deduction is because the place itself, isn't very relaxing, and doesn't really look like a spa... The "rooms"  are only divided by a drape, and there's some noise coming from the floor above. 80 bucks for 90 minutes. Not too shabby. All in all, Highly recommended.
Really fantastic massage here. I made a last minute reservation for myself and my friend for her birthday yesterday and they were very accommodating for our last minute timing. The place itself is a little shabby, but I don't think it boasts otherwise. There is an odd smell in the bathroom, but it didn't affect the massage rooms. The massages, however, were fantastic. We are both the type of people who like incredibly strong massages - beat us up style - and we got what we asked for (by request). It's not an easy thing to find. At this price, I plan to frequent this establishment.
Personal Experience (PE): I'm used to places like Happy Feet and other Chinese foot massage places that are anywhere from $20-45/hr. While I also enjoy a great spa experience, i.e., Burke Williams, usually a foot massage place is reliable for getting the knots worked out. Taiji was a nice little find while visiting NYC. I called several hours in advance to make reservations after reading other Yelpers' reviews and they were able to accommodate us for a 9pm appt. The place was simple, like others stated, with small cubicles divided by low walls and curtains. Poles run across the ceiling are used for "back-walking". The massage itself was good; fast-pace with firm pressure. Pay in CASH. Although we purchased the $5 for $10 Yelp deal, we didn't pay with cash, so instead of paying $40 for 60 min., we ended paying $47 per massage. Not a big problem, though. They offer water (hot/cold) at the end of the massage and everyone was really friendly.
Great place! They are really good!! Strong's hands  no joke ! Worth every dollar!! Clean place
Maybe I came on a bad day or got the wrong person.  But this was the most mediocre I have ever received.  I have gotten many massages in many cities.  This place was a deal so I wasn't expecting much.  But it was worse then I could have expected.   The place was very loud with open ceiling rooms that were right next to the waiting room.  It was so loud! As far as the massage goes....it was barely a rub down!!! I only felt pressures a few times and that was with an elbow.  The massage was supposed to be 70 minutes.  I looked exactly when I started and exactly when I ended and it was barely 60. Not to mention she would leave the room for extended periods of time.  Wow!!! Waste of my time!!! I'm only giving this place two stars because the receptionist was so nice.
Great massage yesterday and again today - I have a back injury and felt like I was in safe hands. Good clean place, easy to book and thank you to Helen, she's great.
My first visit here was GREAT!!!  I would have given them a 5 star.  I consider myself a massage & spa veteran since I've been doing weekly massage for the last 10 yrs in Asia.  I haven't had one since moving to NY 6 months ago, and I must say I was surprised how good the massage was.  I was going to have the 1 hr massage and extended another 30 min.  She exerted pressure on all the right spots. The place is simple no fancy decorations. Definitely will be back soon.  BUT I came back for a 2nd visit today and the lady (can't remember her name) wasn't good at all. I had 60 min full body plus 30min foot reflexology. ($78)  The body massage was mediocre, the foot was even worst. She simply moved around a bit, exerted pressure once in a while.  The only time I felt any pressure she was using her elbow.   The rooms have open ceiling and it was super noisy with the receptionist taking down bookings, phone ringing at the desk, people dropping in to ask for reservations, .  Can hardly relax with all the noise.
Try the couples message. Excellent!!!! Great price, everyone is friend and skillful. You would regret it! Going back next week.
Helen at Taiji gave me a wonderful massage while I was in NYC on business recently.  She was  knowledgeable and strong in her techniques.  I have high standards for massages, and her massage qualified as excellent under any standard.  The location was simple but clean,. and the staff were as friendly as I needed them to be.   I will definitely go back to Helen and Taiji (this location--haven't tried the others) in a future visit to NYC.
My friend and I just left this location. The man at the front desk refused to honor their $5 for $10 yelp offer. I refused to spend any more of my money here and support their misleading advertising tactics. Awful.
Helen was great
This was my first real massage experience. I work out a lot and was feeling a strong need to get some stiffness or soreness out of my muscles, so I was like WTF, why not. I am only giving 4 stars because I have nothing to compare to, but honestly, this was amazing! I'm going to definitely be going back! It's very affordable too, which took my by complete surprise! I was expecting to drop 90 bucks than she's like "30 bucks please," and i was like "OKAY!!!" So you strip down, and they put a nice towel over you and massage the ish out of your back and it hurts a little on the knots, but I think that's what needs to happen to take care of your muscles. The best part was the hot stones. omgggggggggshhhhh ~ just so relaxing and amazing! So, yes, you should go. It'll be nice :-)
Probably one of the worst foot massages I've ever had. The lady had no idea what she was doing and was basically randomly rubbing my leg and without much strength. The nail places and cheaper spots I've been to in Chinatown are way better.
My masseuse was great, she was attentive and really worked on my problem areas-which are my shoulders. This was my first time here and I was very happy with the service. One down side is that I asked for the $50 special for 70 min and I was charged $53 because I used debit card, even though I was assured I would only pay the $50 at the front desk....hmmmm...next time I'll just bring cash.
Ask for Helen! SHe is amazing.. walked on my back, used her elbows to get out really deep knots along my spine, and even massaged my feet. The hot stones are unbelievable!! Love this place!!
You can't beat the deal $50 for a 70 minute massage in the city! Definitely not decorated like a luxurious spa but instead is very simple and basic. The massage was pretty good (not the best I've ever had) but for $50 I can't complain. Unfortunately, you can hear a lot of background noise (people in other rooms, footsteps in the halls, etc) since the walls are so thin which was a little annoying when you're trying to relax. All in all it was a decent experience, will probably check out other places in the city to compare before I come back.
Originally left a five-star review but this place is going downhill fast.  Tonight, this was the third time in a row when I made a reservation beforehand and was told upon arrival that I had to wait 10-30 minutes before I would be seen.  When I displayed a puzzled and frustrated look, the hostess ignorantly just smiled back and did not offer to compensate me in any way for my inconvenience.  She also had no helpful answer for why my requested masseuse was suddenly unavailable. If you have time to wait around and do not mind getting one of their rookies unexpectedly, then this place may suffice.  For me, I expected better of this place given the prevalence of many other massage therapists in the area.
BEST place ever!!! I desperately needed a solid deep tissue massage. I tend to get terrible stress knots everywhere and have tried so many different massage places all around the world and rarely can find one that truly gets my knots out. This place is amazing and for this price?? Incredibly. Even my 6'4 big white bf got pleasantly and therapeutically destroyed by the lady masseuse. Both of us woke up the next morning sore and much more relaxed. They really know how to get all the stress out. From now on whenever I come to NYC, this is on my absolutely must-visit spot!! Now if only they opened one in Boston....
You get what you pay for. I read a number of great yelp reviews before going to this place and recently went to try it myself. While it certainly is a bargain in the city at $50 for 70 minutes a couple key draw backs: Firstly, I have had professional massages before and these people had no idea what they were doing. Applying all sorts of pressure to the spine and all sort of other unorthodox techniques (lifting your legs and dropping them back to the table...And no that does not feel great) Secondly, as mentioned before the venue is a little noisy but that's fine. Thirdly, lady at the front was very aggressive in telling that I had leave to a 20% tip.... Which I did but now I won't be going back.
I went for a massage at this location last week. There's a big difference between a relaxing spa massage and a vigorous rubdown at a gym. My experience here was more like the latter. The massage was firm and the hot stones were indeed hot (my back still feels like it was sunburned) but I have a few issues with this particular location. First, it was VERY VERY NOISY. Apparently there is some kind of workout center directly above and, throughout my entire treatment, what sounded like exercise balls were bouncing, people were stomping and someone was yelling commands. If that wasn't enough, people in the parlor were constantly walking loudly across the wood floor and talking. Next, there are no doors to the massage rooms; just curtains. That is also the case WITHIN some of the rooms. So, you're lying there, half naked, with a strange man just three feet away on the other side of a flimsy sheet...not very comforting. In fact, quite nerve wracking. Last but not least, the area around the location seemed a little sketchy, especially at night, and the entrance isn't locked. Anyone, friend or foe, can just walk right in - no buzzing, no nothing - and the place is staffed mostly by tiny little women. Again, not comforting. So, though the price is definitely right, you get what you pay for. If you don't have the funds and just need someone to rub you down and you're ok with noise and very little privacy, then this is your place. But for me, I've decided that reducing the number of rubdowns in exchange for a quality massage with scented oils, a fluffy white robe and something as simple as a friggin' DOOR is worth the extra fifty bucks. Oh and don't purchase a Yelp Deal. The regular price is around $50 for 70 minutes anyway so you can't use your yelp deal unless you want to pay more than you normally would. It was only $5 but a complete waste and a bit of a scam.
One of the top massages I've ever had, and I've had quite a few! Very professional and the best part is they took me the same day I called. I also saw they took walk ins and stayed open late. The prices were unbeatable. I will definitely go back again!
This place is great. Decent price for a great massage! It was very much well worth it! My personal favorite is Coco. She always knows the right pressure points and how to get rid of my knots. It's $50 for a $70 min deep tissue hot stone massage..you can't beat that.
Wonderful massage! Helen is amazing!!! Incredibly relaxing and thorough. Quiet place. Great experience. Definitely going back.
Solid massage, especially for the price. $50 for 70 minutes. I wish they asked where I needed focus though. With my face down in the massage table I told her I had knots in my back/shoulder and she thought I said 'not', as in do not touch. Language barrier aside, my masseuse still knew how to get in and dig, although she worked on the wrong side. I'm still hoping the knot will go away.
This place isn't super fancy but it is the best massage I've ever had. Been there a few times and had a different person each time and it's always been great. I wouldn't go anywhere else for a deep tissue massage. I'm always very tense with a lot of muscle knots and tension in my neck, back, and shoulders and they always work it out.
Not exactly sure how I ended up here but talk about a spur of the moment. After a whole day of helping my friend find her wedding dress, we were both exhausted and stressed. She then suggested us getting a massage... Now, I'm not the type that likes to be touched by strangers but this wasn't as bad as I had expected to be. On the other hand, their lack of English was a major issue. I told her not to go so hard and she ended up standing on my back! Talk about major pain. No matter how much I told her to stop, she kept going until I actually screamed. I did feel a bit better after but had the worst headache ever! I'm sure that's not how I should be feeling after something so relaxing and mellow. They, however, we're very clean. So I rate this place a 2.5, unfortunately. Make sure to do your research before agreeing to a massage parlor, not all of them are as good as one hopes for.
Let me start by saying that companion and I previously went to the 8th St location for a 30 minute foot massage & wow was it great!  Last week tried this Chelsea location for the same thing, and talk about disappointment!  Both masseuses lacked any real skill at reflexology.  Mine spent the first 10 minutes just rubbing cream onto my shins.  Then he would softly rub my ankle bone.  Hello, there's a foot down there!  Next came the toe tickle.  And from talking to companion, she got the same treatment.  He probably spent 5 minutes of my 30 minute reflexology massage actually on the soles of my feet.  After that bit of disappointment, the cashier suggested I should provide a tip.  (maybe I should have suggested a massage class).  Instead, I provided a very small tip, and they proceeded to mock.  Definitely will not be going back to this location!
A hidden gem in NYC for sure... my friend and I wanted a massage one night and we called them at 9pm to see if 2 of us could come in for a 1hr massage.  They said sure and told us 9:30!  $53 for 70 minutes of amazing massage!! They also used the hot stones.  I've had massages before but here they concentrated more on my back than anything -- which is EXACTLY what I needed!!  If you sit at a desk all day or if you have been walking around the city all day this is the place to come. They also take walk-ins it seems so you don't need to make an appointment but it might be best to call ahead.  The massage itself was perfect and they were not afraid to apply to much pressure. I might be small and cute but that doesn't mean I can't handle a deep tissue massage!!  Thank you Taiji I will be back soon:)
Went today for a 1hr deep tissue massage, it was AMAZING!!!!! Defitnely coming back!!!
This place is amazing. Their massages are an incredible deal. You get a really thorough and deep massage by a very nice lady. I have knots and a lot of stiffness, and they always know where to go to relieve all the tension. The staff is very caring. Each time I've been there, they showed concern over my knots, and applied an herbal remedy to help alleviate the tension with my permission. I highly recommend this place!
It's absolutely true, if you need someone to work miracles on your ailing body, HELEN is the one to see.  I found Taiji Body Work through Yelp after my back went out on a work trip.  In desperate need of someone to not so gently drive some mobility into my aching muscles, I trudged stifly over to West 27th. For the yelpy special of $50 I got 70 minutes of true genius, which included elbows, hot stones and some "special medicine" which was like icy hot.  Yes the walls are thin (in my case it was a curtain) and it's not luxurious like a day spa where you are in a comfy bed (I was on a table covered with a towel) but give me a break...it's $50....for 70 minutes of hard core deep tissue work!  You can't do any better than that, Taiji Body Work is Woohoo! As good as it gets! Yelp 100 Challenge: 62/100
I feel like i just threw away $50 i had a 45 min neck and shoulder massage for $42. Too bad that she massaged everything but my neck ( back, especially lower back) so im still jn pain after waisting 45 mins of my time and $ 50. But wait she actually only massaged about 40 mins + disapearring now and then to get stuff that should be nearby ( towels, hot stones).... Definately not coming back, i rather pay more next time and get someone who listens to their customer and take away my pain
Taiji is probably the best hour-long body massage place that doesn't creep you out when you walk in (think places that need to use the neon sign and look like they provide happy endings). The interior is clean and professional looking and they almost always have availability. Be sure to check their website for monthly specials they have to get the lowest price. The latest massage special was $50 for 70 minutes and includes a foot massage and hot stones too. I was a little hesitant about the hot stones initially for fear of getting burned, but I ended up enjoying the heat. Their masseuses vary in skill and strength so it's really the luck of the draw. My only complaint is their mandatory 20% gratuity. What happened to gratuity being subjective in the service industry? A mandatory tip only makes the price higher...
I went to the 27th street location with my ex for a couples massage (we still do things like that together lol. Don't ask) and in the beginning I was thrown off by the sounds of the people outside our room and the part of the massage that was OVER the towel, but that's only the first 10-15 minutes of the hour. After that... we were both relaxed, un-kinked and ready for a lazy night and soundless sleep. Plus it's only $50 for an hour and the people are so friendly and it's clean. Can't beat that type of service. Thinking of bringing my Mom here for her own massage. She needs it!  :)
This place is awesome.  Ashley was so great. Had serious lingering shoulder pain after a long bike ride. I told Ashley this and where the pain was. She  focused on my pain points and worked my knots out. Scheduled same day.  Taken back promptly. I'll be back for sure.
I've been here twice after trying to rid myself of a few localized muscle-knot issues.  The wait was minimal, prices reasonable.  This is not a relaxing massage at all; don't expect to drift off into a peaceful slumber.  The massage is deep tissue and often times painful.  Both times it was very helpful in alleviating the tension and pain I was experiencing.  The environment is clean, but as others have mentioned there are no doors and some noises carry.  One time, the guy next to me was moaning and I started thinking this was a different kind of massage....  I really like that they have several options for the amount of time you can book (20 mins, 30 mins, 60, +).  They will of course try to upsell you, but I found it to be really convenient that I can pop in on a lunch break and get a mini massage without much issue.  Would definitely recommend.
Three visits, three different masseuse, all great experiences.  They are a no fuss kind of establishment.... scoot you in, give you a well worth it massage and scoot you out very quickly.  I was initially lured by their Yelp deal $49 for 70 minute massage... It's VERY WORTH IT and I have yet to find a better substitute with the same quality.  This most recent visit I had "Coco" and she was very strong and did an excellent deep tissue massage. They have couple rooms or single rooms...  Pretty much the difference is a separation of sheets.  If you're highly aware of your surroundings you will hear other people's grunts/slapping sounds/footsteps because the walls don't go all the way to the ceiling and are very thin.... BUT, if your massage is great, you probably own't notice anything else except those wondrous hands working the knots out of your body. One quirky issue though.... We gave a 15% gratuity which seemed like a reasonable expectation but then as we were walking out, we got called back and was told there is a minimum 20% gratuity!  A little awkward, a little confusing.... I didn't know that in this industry that there was a minimum requirement?  I think they should probably post that somewhere so they don't have run-ins like this.  I wonder if they report all those tips............
Sweet Jesus!!!! The pain. Coco may just be the strongest woman in New York. I went in suffering from quite bad stiffness and soreness in my upper back and shoulders. 90mins later (60 of which were spent biting the table) I thought paralysis was on the cards. 24hrs later and I could barely have my tshirt touch my back as it was so tender and bruised. 48hrs later I'm fully better! I mean no stiffness, no pain, no issues at all. Genius woman. Go. $55 for 70mins was excellent. I added on 20mins and was charged another $30 which makes zero sense. That said I'm cured so who cares!
My massage therapist  has so much pride in helping people looking to relieve stress, tension and any other ailments you may have. I run/ jog and developed a really bad pain in the back of my leg. It was very painful and tried everything to relieve the pain, but nothing worked until I went to see my massage therapist HELEN she has hands that actually heal your body. I made an appointment went to see her and when I left, so did the pain in my leg...truly unbelievable!  Helen's hands are strong, powerful and healed my aching muscle in my leg...thanks Helen!
This place is amazing! Best deal in town....but more important best masseuse in the city...HELEN!!!! Helen beats any overpriced spa in town...she walks on you, and knows exactly how to work out the kinks. I have been training for a half marathon and Helen has been easing my aches and pains. I try to see her twice a month but that is not enough!!! I think i'll have to see Helen in the morning just thinking about her!!! HELEN!!!!!
I never write Yelp reviews, but I keep coming back to this place and you should too! I am an aerial dancer and train in acrobatics, which means my muscles are just constantly in knots. I have been going to Taiji Body Work for over a year, and no place else. Lisa, oh, sweet Lisa. I owe my soul to her. Whenever I can, I book her for 75min, and she makes sense out of the mess that is my back. No one else I've ever been to has actually pressed this hard and so diligently kneaded out the knots. I recommend her if you love a good deep tissue massage! She's incredible. So, if you're looking for aromatherapy and ambiance, don't go here. If you want to walk out of there feeling like a noodle, and also like you spent a totally reasonable amount of money considering how much better you inevitably feel, call them and book an appointment.
In a nutshell, one of the best value places for a massage in NYC. Ask for Helen -- she will kneel and walk on your back, and you'll feel like a million bucks afterwards!
Called them at 4pm on a Thursday and made an appointment for a 6:30 one hour massage. Excellent! I had some knots that needed to be worked out.  Got there 15 minutes early and was whisked into a quiet, clean, dark room divided from the next room by a long curtain....didn't bother me as my neighbor was quiet. Stripped down and assumed the face down position. My masseuse soon came in and got to work on my sore muscles.  Not too hard and not too light her touch was perfect. The hour flew by and i walked out a happy loose-backed man.
Great price, AAAHMAZING deep tissue massage! I am training for a triathlon so my muscles are a twisted knotted mess from all the swimming, biking and running. I had gotten to the point where I was having trouble sleeping due to the tightness of my neck and back--no more! Helen worked it all out. I will be going once a week from now until the end of my racing season. Ask for Helen :)
If you are looking for your basic deep tissue asian style massage, this is your place! It is clean and the staff is nice. But...I did take away a star because not all therapists are the same. Be careful, and if you're feeling uncomfortable or in pain....tell them. They just kind of go through the movements. But for a the price you pay, a pretty darn good service :)
I had a good experience at this salon, although I at first mixed it up with the location of Body Work (located very nearby) and went there instead since there were many promotions for it near the subway stop. Ha! After my mistake was recognized (and I realized that Body Work, which doesn't even have a waiting room except for the lunch room for the workers, was in fact NOT the massage place I was looking for), I was relieved to find Taiji at its rightful location, and this restored my faith in Yelp photos as well ;) It was beautiful, spacious and clean. I've tried Taiji Work at its west village location and my views about the two are very similar. You get a cheap massage for $50 (literally includes tip if you purchase the $10 yelp deal), it's relaxing, but again, it's luxury on the cheap. Which means curtains will separate you from the person laying down next to you also getting a massage, there will be some music playing in the background, but don't expect the frills of a massage parlor that charges $100-200. Although they didn't have a "couple" room for us when we arrived, I was pleased with my Tui Na massage which is supposed to use medicinal oils. Whatever they used, it was wonderful and rejuvenating. The deep tissue massage they do in the beginning is VERY strong, so make sure you tell your masseuse if anything hurts. I had to tell my masseuse a few times to tone it down before the massage became more gentle. The hot stones they use at the end is always a treat. My body felt brand new afterwards and I had no pain. For the price, the length of time (an hour) and all that you get during the massage, I'd recommend this place. Try their other locations as well to add variety and find the best one for you (just make sure you're at the RIGHT Body Work place!)
The best massage place in New York, period! I have gone to fancy ones and more. I've gone to at least dozen places in all different neighborhood. After I've been to Taiji, I don't need to try other one. This one is very simple, no fancy atmosphere or reception, but get to the point and fix your problem! plus it's so affordable. You can't beat this place. definitely recommend to go, if you need a real massage!
I got scammed... I was a new customer and I saw a great deal on their website: $40 for a 50 minutes couples message . When I called in to make my appointment, the lady confirmed that it was $40 in total for my partner and i to both gets messages. When we went in, (1) our appointment was not booked, so I restated that we wanted the 50 minute couples message deal from the website, (2) we were charged $80, I was down right out raged! And they didnt seem to care when i showed them their own website deal, so i paid & just left! CUSTOMER BEWARE: Confirm the price and service b4 they touch you. If it's not the same as what is advertised, leave and don't look back! Because we could have gotten an hour deep tissue message (2 ppl) for $86, and not just a weak baby oil rub down
Taiji offers cheap massages, which is a rarity in NYC. Atmosphere was good: dimly lit, relaxing music, everything smelled spa-like. I'd recommend it if you don't know where else to go, but It won't be the best massage of your life. I'm pretty sure some of the masseuses don't speak english - so they get their colleagues to do the talking.
Believe the hype about Helen. I had just come back from a really trying conference in Amsterdam.  I'm not even sure why I was walking around there or what fortunate force in the universe led me to Taiji but I am so grateful I found it.   I initially just went in for head and neck massage after a somewhat unfortunate and rushed head and beard shave.  Fortunately, Helen really went to town on my head and neck, releasing a huge amount of tension I didn't even know was there.  I begged for another hour and had her to go work on the rest of my body. I can't wait to go back!  Next time I'l book an appointment. ;)
"Lisa", was an amazing masseuse.. Some of the best $50 I've spent! I'm a decently high mileage runner and do a fair amount of calisthenics, 3-4 days a week. The deep tissue massage was just what I needed to help loosen my IT band, and relax my piriformis! I'll definitely be back!! - J
To the Manager's credit, he did read my review, reached out and gave me a gift certificate to try Taiji again.  Today I went to the village location. The massage was OK - nothing special and frankly, a little weird. It just seems the Massage Ladies aren't thoroughly trained and they just throw in odd things like yanking my undies way down past the point needed to work my low back.  The room was cold and my ass was hanging out the whole time. When she left the room to get towels or the hot rocks, she didn't bother to cover me up so I felt exposed and chilled. I appreciate the Manager's kindness but I don't think I'll go back.
I love this place!
I didn't know what to expect walking in....but I was really pleasantly surprised. The place was really clean and everyone was super nice. The only negative thing I can point out is some of the rooms have curtains instead of doors so if you are really shy you may not like this place. Judy was my massage therapist and she was AWESOME!!! I have been back 3 times...
Torturous.  Taiji massages are the new water boarding.  They should teleport this place to Guantanamo and mandate back rubs during all interrogations. 5 stars if you're into body mutilation (I thought I dislocated my jaw at one point). 5 stars if you want massage oil poured in your ass crack (to each his own). 0 stars if you want a decent rub (or simply don't like being pinched and stepped on).  I'll pay up and stick with the pros from now on.
This is a good deal! A little no-frills, but who cares? It's a nice, vigorous massage in clean surroundings. The quiet music offsets a bit of the street noise, and the front desk staff was pleasant. I'll go back.
Is this the Guantanamo bay of spas? So we arrive at 5pm for our appointment, but apparently no one saved it in the books. I had called a week before and was told to call two days prior to the date of the appointment. I called again on a Thursday to book our Sat appointment aswell. We were already on a time crunch and had to be at a concert in Brooklyn at 8pm. They made us wait 45 minutes for our supposed couples massages, but we ended up in different rooms which was not what we came here for. Besides that, we were just glad that there were massues available for us. I read a review from someone prior to our massages that said he felt like he was tortured. I have to agree that although the price is great (we did the $50 for 70 minutes) it does feel like torture. My bf nor I enjoyed our massages. It was not relaxing, instead it was excruciating pain. We weren't in the same room so we both said that we thought that one of us had it bad, but it was both of us who felt like it was 70 minutes of pain. That same night we were complaining that our backs were hurting. The next morning we were in sooo much pain, it felt like a sun burn on the shoulders and back. Today is Tuesday and we still feel pain. I recommend that you tell the massues you want a soft touch massage or else they assume you are there for 70 minutes of torture instead of pleassure
So I desperately needed some back work. I pulled a muscle by my shoulder bald this morning and had been in lots of pain. I had an audition close by on W. 30th so yelped and found this place. Cassie was amazing!!! She really focused on my back like I asked and did such a great job. There's still a little bit of pain but it stems from an old injury. No masseuse has ever been able to completely rid me of all pain in one visit. She definitely did a great job and I WILL be back. It's not Bliss or Haven which I usually go to, but Cassie did an even better job than any of those places have ever done on my back. Thank you so much!!
Clean, efficient, and excellent massage.  Ask for CoCo!  What a great deal.  The only thing I didn't love was the creepy pawn shop (and guys hanging outside of it) for the walk home.  I went to a later appointment.  Coming out of a massage and then walking next to some creepy guys, not the best.  But the massage and the deal were amazing!
I've been to about a dozen massage places in NYC and this one is my new favorite. $50 for an hour, a yelp deal and a buy 10 get one free card, that's as cheap as it gets. I requested Helen due to all the positive reviews on here and was not disappointed. I asked for a strong massage and that's what I got.
I would give 3.8 for this type of venue.  Professional, kind staff.  You can definitely get any level of pressure you want and they won't be offended --they always ask if it is OK.   It's not a spa but it is clean and comfortable.  It's $48 for 1 hour.  Not bad for a massage.  This location is a slightly more expensive neighborhood, so it costs a little more than massage parlors in the village.   Scheduling has always been prompt and easy.  I could recommend this place to people on a budget who are in desperate need of getting some circulation and body work done.
They have a killer check-in deal on Yelp right now that is almost too good to be true. $50 for a 75 minute full body deep tissue massage... in the middle of Chelsea. Believe it. Thank me later. I've been a long time fan of the Greenwich location and at first was wary about going anywhere else since I couldn't be sure if they were actually related. My worries were allayed when I saw the same logo out front, then at the reception area all my doubts vanished when we were greeted by the very same manager/owner. This location is two or three times the size of the Greenwich location. All the good qualities that made me love the other location have been carried over here. Clean rooms, romantic lighting--great for couples, calm, soothing music (maybe they could switch to digital clocks though so you don't hear the incessant tick-tock), and above all, people who know what they're doing. The masseur I was assigned today was a bit more gentle than I'm used to, but knew exactly where and when to kick up the pressure and left me feeling like jello. 75 minutes is great because you get about half an hour on your back and shoulders, and half an hour on your arms and legs, followed by a foot massage that you normally wouldn't get with the one hour rubdown. They oil you up with baby oil and take a hot towel and wipe you down afterwards so that you're left feeling silky soft and not greasy. At one point, my masseur completely shocked me by using hot stones on my back which I've never had before at the Greenwich Taiji, and my partner's masseuse didn't bring them out for him. Now that I know they have them I might just ask for them. :) My new favorite place to go to relieve all that tension in my back and shoulders.
Price wise, it doesn't get much better than this. It isn't the most luxurious place but it is clean and quiet considering it is on the ground floor with traffic right outside the door. It was easy making an appointment last minute considering most massage places require an appoint a week in advance. The masseuse lady was very nice and checked if I was ok with the pressure, etc. The only complaint is that the walls don't reach the ceilings so when people are talking, entering, or exiting, you can hear everything.
I just got back from China and after the 15 hour flight from Shanghai to JFK you bet I needed a massage. Found Taiji on yelp and was delighted to see they were offering a deal. Even without the deal it was absolutely worth it! $50 for a 60 minute massage (plus an extra free 10mins if you check in on yelp). Place was clean and inviting though a bit hard to find since the correct address is actually two doors down from the one listed on yelp, but don't worry, if you walk into the wrong building they will direct you to this wonderful massage haven! My massage therapist was one of the best I've ever had (and I've been getting massages about twice per month for the last 5-6 years so I know by now what makes a good quality massage vs. a flimsy crummy one). She was like a cross between an intuitive healer and a doctor of precision. She found all of my knots and tight areas on my back and worked patiently to get rid of them; all the while making sure i was doing ok. Though I was in pain from severe aches and tightness she made me feel light and filled with tremendous relaxation and peace. She wasn't rough, but she was firm. I was in pain but also eased and relaxed as if huge pockets of stuffed energy were being unblocked. I will absolutely come here again. They have loyalty cards and after the 10th time you get you massage for free. Front desk folks were very accommodating. With my purchased yelp deal of ($5 for $12) I ended up paying $41 plus tip ($10) = total of $56 and considering NYC cost of living this place is a steal. You get a great quality massage for an affordable price. If you pay with cash rates are even cheaper than if you pay with card (but the latter is accepted, no problem). Frozen yogurt, coffee shops, lunch places all around make for a good post massage snack!
great massage. Prices are great. Tables are a little uncomfortable and you are really right next to someone else, but because of the price I would do it again. I am glad I was recommended this place.
Professional Massage great price...no frills. This is not the Peninsula Hotel nor is it the Red Door, but Coco knows how to get your back sorted out.
I went here today for the $50 for 75 min massage deal. I was REALLY looking forward to this & it was sadly a let down. The deal itself is great IF you actually got a real massage. The "massage" was 80% rub down and maybe 20% kneading, pressure points, massage, etc. After an hour of someone rubbing vigorously on your skin, it doesn't feel good. There were actually times it felt like the masseuse was rubbing my skin raw. I told her a couple of times that I had the most tension in my neck, shoulders and upper back and that I wanted deep tissue. She obliged for about 3 min & went back to her aggressive rub down. : (  To make it even more awkward, there was no flow to it: she went from neck to butt (which is exposed much of the time as they pull down your underwear!) to shoulders. It was all over the place. After about an hour, she asked me turn over. I thought maybe at least she would work my neck a bit better now and massage my feet. NO. She actually pounded on my head!! How is this relaxing? There were times I wanted to yell at her to stop when she did this crap to my neck and back because it was giving me a headache, but directly on my HEAD?? Clearly she wasn't a trained & licensed masseuse. The feet were equally disappointing. You get a better 5 min foot massage at the nail salon. And once again w/o fail, she pounded/karate chopped my feet too. It's also a bit noisy with the reception phone ringing loud and clients & other workers walking back and forth talking, etc. Lastly it was supposed to 75 min but she told me she was done w/me in 65 min. If it was a good massage, I probably would've minded but I was ready to leave at that point. Sigh.. I'll be looking to get a real good, authentic deep tissue massage in the next couple of weeks.
I've been back a few times since my initial review, and it's been hit or miss. First of all, they're not open the hours posted on Yelp or their door. I think they close at 10:30. I received a massage from an older man who works there that was decent. I was shorted ten minutes by a lady who works there on another occasion, but that was almost a relief because of how uncomfortable the massage was. I did have a great massage from Cindy, though, on another occasion. Basically, Taiji is extremely inconsistent.
This is a low key and clean place. George is very skilled and has strong hands. He is quite accommodating with requests to spend more time on problem areas; for me it is my right shoulder. I especially enjoy him standing and walking on my shoulder blades and thighs, since I like a lot of pressure. There are handrails above the massage tables, so the therapist can walk on my back with good controls. Be sure to ask for George! He is fantastic. Use the Yelp special, $50 for 70 min. Be sure to ask for a card. With 10 sessions stamped, you can get one session for free!
I was not impressed at all.  The massage was second rate, it seemed as though the person who was giving it, didn't know what she was doing and didn't care to know. Half way through the massage she went off to answer the phone and came back 5 mins later. At the end she insisted in on a 20% tip and got very mad when I refused.   I definitely would not recommend this place
This place is doing well, reviews are piling up I see. I'm glad for them, the special they're offering now is a steal and I would say take advantage of it, and get the Yelp coupon, while it lasts. What appealed to me was the Taiji massage, which was advertised as full body including the feet. So, I don't understand why I did not get that, and now reading other reviews, see that others had the same problem. Having been my first time there, I wanted to be a polite customer, so I didn't say anything. See, I'm a pushover when it comes to services (I'll tip for a bad haircut for ex).. yea I know I know! The massage was very good, I was kneaded, plowed and pounded (sounds salacious) for a full hour, but I could tell that the masseuse had no formal training for this 'technique'. He did a good job, but there was no formal method. Minor misgivings: -The place is clean, and spacious, but the rooms are spaces with a curtain as the door. -You can hear other clients getting their massages. -I'm not a fan of the Johnson and Johnson baby oil. -In the middle of the massage, the masseuse leaves to get the hot stones, my friend's masseuse apparently left for a while. They need to work that issue out. The staff was very friendly, I did like my massage. But, not massaging my feet, which was what I paid for, the minor issues, and the owner asking me to give a 5 star review, gets you 3 stars.
There are so many great things about going to New York city, but I think one of my favorites is the cheap massage joints.  This place was right by our hotel and we saw an advertisement for 50 dollars for an hr, so decided to check it out. The massage joint itself was clean and modern.  They offer private rooms which are separated by curtains.  I was massaged by a female therapist and she was excellent.  My friend in the room next to me also agreed that her female therapist was excellent as well. The only downfall was that when we went to go pay, they told us it was more then what the advertisement was.  When we explained we only came for the special, they said that was only for the 50 min massage not the full hour which is what we got.  It would've been nice to have known that and this place needs to be a bit more clear with there prices and advertising specials. So bottomline, the massage itself is definitely 4  stars, but the business , Id have to say is only 3....so guess this would really be more like a 3.5 star review!
My boyfriend and I went in tonight for a 30 minute massage. They told us it would be a 5 minute wait to have a seat. After waiting 10 minutes a woman called and he accepted an hour appointment. Then the guy said that he only had one masseurs available and only one of us could get a massage. One of the masseuses was just standing there and obviously complaining about having to massage someone. It's a shame we used to go there a lot but will now never go again.
Excellent massage. Had 1 hour with Helen and I feel amazing. Great price, friendly staff. Ask for Helen if you want to feel reenergized!!!
The price is right around the typically Asian massage places in NYC. HOWEVER, the decor is a lot nicer than others. It's much less hospital feeling. Which helps a lot. My g/f and I called and got an appt for 4pm and it was like 3:45pm when we called. They have a lot of space. They we very nice. Downside- The massage was meh. I wanted her to go harder, and she didn't really focus on the knots at all. In fact she only really did one thing that I thought helped. I came here because my back is tense, not to have a feel good session, but they don't ask you for any requests or anything. They went straight to it, which I thought was a little weak. It takes 5 seconds to ask where to focus and how hard, but it improves the massage a lot. Also, your butt will get rubbed. A lot. I would go back, but before starting definitely let them know what you want, even if they don't ask.
I have been getting Chinese massages around the city for years now, so I feel like kind of an expert on what to expect from any business that offers a 60 minute massage for $50 (or less) an hour.  I would say that the atmosphere here is a notch above other comparable businesses.  It is spacious, clean, and a little more modern looking than most.  It has the typical curtains-as-doors and yes, you can hear everything from inside of the room and in the hallways.  But I've pretty much come to expect that at this point.  I'm there for the massage and the value, not to be pampered.   I have been here twice now, because it is close to my new job.  Both times I received a very good, strong massage.  I felt that the massuses payed excellent attention to my problem areas and really put pressure in all the right spots.  My only complaint was that on my last visit, the massuse was chewing gum.  I can tolerate just about anything else, but gum chewing is like nails on a board for me.  This is only the second time ever that I have had a massuse who chews gum, as I would think that most realize that it is inappropriate.  I thought about taking a star away because of this, but I am going to try and give them the benefit of the doubt and hope that it won't happen again.   Overall, I found them to be above average for the type of place that they are (remember that you are spending $50, not $250) and I will definitely go back again.
Amy is amazing! I've been traveling for the last 10 weeks and realized my shoulders were a mess. I stopped in without an appt and they saw me right away. I asked for deep and I got deep - not for the faint of heart. I'll definitely be back!
If I can come here once every week, I would. I found this place on Yelp in December and have been addicted ever since. My review is long overdue. It's time that I give them the credit that they deserve. I try to come at least once a month, if my schedule permits. Coming here is always a treat! Helen is amazingggg! She's super strong and always manages to find a way to get rid of all my knots and tension. The place is spacious, and very clean. You can hear other clients but I don't mind it at all. I'm way too relax to have a bitchfit. Plus, its cheap here. Get over it.
Like my fellow Yelpers, I was intrigued by the deal here because it had such good reviews unlike most of the scalawags offerings scraps for discounts. Truly putting my faith into Yelp, I scheduled a couples massage for my girl and I.  As expected, everything about this place gives you the feel that you've upgraded your Chinatown massage experience, but you definitely are in a spa on Madison ave. The reception won't blow you away, but the staff is happy and friendly.  We were led to a fairly sizable room, that was obviously made into a single room with a removal of a curtain.  The room was clean and smelled pretty good, which is definitely more than what one expects from the cheap massage places  (well, those of us with experience). The massage itself was definitely better than average, not the best I've ever had, but more than worth the price.  The back-neck-arms-back-head-arms-turnover-legs, etc routine was predictable and there was no unusual touches.  But this is just fine again for this price paid in the developed world.   Pros: Clean Price of course! Friendly staff Relaxing, soothing environment Cons: Better than average massage, but I've had better Slightly less than perfect English
Prior reviews are spot-on. Clean, well-maintained, good massage and great prices. Had a 1hr Swedish massage and it was perfect for my sore shoulders. Hot stone massage being the highlight.
So my back went out two weeks ago and I've been suffering.   I've been living with back pain for some years now but all the tricks from physical therapy this time around were not helping.  I also knew I had not gone to get a massage for some time either.   Cash is tight right now and I needed one, a good place to go and two, a place that would not cost my entire bank balance.  So I went online and found Taiji and hobbled over after work.  Tom the guy who worked on my back, almost knew instantly where the pain and tension was and stayed there. I swear I wanted to cry but I knew he was working in the right area and that my back had been crying for some attention.  He then went to work with some chinese medicine in the area and when it was over, there was no stiffness!  Now I'm not going to tell you that I was jumping jacks and doing cart wheels cause like I said, my back has been out of order for a minute.  But what I will say is that he was able to release the tightness in my back and I was able to walk out of there with no pain!  I'll be coming back definitely. Oh, the room was clean. No chaos what so ever.  The price is great for those with tight pockets.  And no waiting!
Best massage I've gotten in a long long time! Missing 1 star because they miss calculated my coupon. Ying is a wonderful masseuse! I'll be back for sure!
Judy did an amazing job. Could feel where my tension was, and was actually strong enough to work it out (which is unusual because I'm a guy).  Amazing hot stone massage. Highly recommend this location. This is my second time here and always come back whenever I'm in NYC!!
Disclaimer: I'm relatively new to (paying for) massages.  I've done an expensive swedish style in HK and a dirt cheap Chinatown "deep tissue." I had Luna. Pros: 1) Super Clean (compared to the Chinatown massage I got, at least) 2) Polite Staff 3) Good mix of deep tissue, swedish and hot stone massage 4) Relatively inexpensive (especially with yelp deal - 70 min for $50) 5) Nightstand and hangers for clothes and gear 6) Quiet on a Tuesday afternoon, seen immediately Cons: 1) Luna has fingernails. Occasionally an issue. 2) No footrub! Even with the 70 minutes. In fact, I'd say it was about 45 minutes upper body and 15 minutes lower body. In her defense, she did find a big knot in my left shoulder that she spent a lot of time on. Personal issues 1) I'd rather not have my massage therapist kneeling on top of me at any point during my massage. 2) My larynx kept getting smashed into the table everytime she worked on my neck and upper back. This didn't happen during my other two massages. Maybe I was too high or low on the table? 3) I think there should always be a sign telling you whether or not to take your underwear off.  I don't have any problems taking mine off, I just don't always know when it's appropriate.  I kept mine on because that's what they requested at the Chinatown massage place, but I think I overheard someone else ask his masseuse and she told him to take off everything. I'd come back when I'm looking for a good mix between a relaxing massage and one that needs to get the kinks out.  So far, the three places I've been to have been very different.  The swedish in HK (sorry, can't remember the name) was good for relaxing.  I went to Fishion Herb Center in Little Italy/Chinatown (107 Mott St) for the deep tissue - it was a painful hour, but worked wonders for my shoulder pain two days later.
I love this place! I'm a massage whore and I definitely had a first time experience at Taiji with being massaged with hot stones. I was so relaxed after that massage that I just wanted to sleep the whole weekend. I prefer Asian massages over Swedish massage because I feel like they have a better understanding of the body. I also liked that they give you the card with your massuer's name on it. Now I don't have to gamble on getting an amazing massage. I just let them know who I want and relaxation is at feet....back....and arms.... ahhhhhh.
My girlfriend took me here for a couples massage---which were great! The deep tissue massage is INTENSE! I've never had someone walk on me like that before. They were running a little late for our appointment, and the nice girl working the front desk took $20 off our bill. It was a great experience and we'll be back.
HORRIBLE Chinese massage! don't let the price fool you it's not worth it
Taiji is a great massage place. I came for my appointment and right away I was taken to my table (bed) for my session. You won't be in a private room. Only a certain partition separate you from the next person. For the price you can't expect more than that. The massage was excellent. The lady worked really hard loosen up all the tension in my back. She really dug in with her hands and elbows. This is not one of your soft rub massage. Near the end I got the hot oil and what felt like hot stones massage. Defiantly a great massage. I will be come back.
CINDY at Taiji Body Work gave me one of the best massages I've ever had.  There isn't much I love more than a good massage, and they are hard to come by!  I have chronic neck pain and try to get massages often, but I rarely find a new masseuse who can apply enough pressure to the right areas of tension to provide any real relief.  Cindy did just that.  I went in for a 70 minute massage (the yelp special for $48 is a steal) and extended it to 90 minutes to give her more time to focus on the neck and upper back.  Once I told her the areas that were sore that I'd like her to work on, she honed in and did an excellent job getting rid of the knots in those places.  I can't recommend her highly enough.   As for the establishment, it's clean, and you have your own small room.  It isn't fancy or luxurious, but it's definitely a step up in atmosphere from the walk-in parlors in Chinatown.  Regardless, none of that matters once the massage starts and you realize that you can relax in the hands of an expert. Needless to say, I'll be going back :)
I am SO pleased!! So is my back. I had a ridiculous back ache and have had physical therapy done before, but it started hurting again a couple days ago. On a whim, I looked this place up and went coz they had a really cheap offer. 40 bucks for 50 mins full body. It was absolutely splendid. My masseuse obviously knew what she was doing and when she put the hot stones on my lower back, I thought I would cry from relief because it felt so good on my painful spine. I walked out of there a revitalized person and can actually bend down to tie my shoes, something I have been unable to do. The service is really great. While the outside might look a little daunting, the decor and ambiance are fantastic. It doesnt feel like a hospital, as some reviewers have said. The music was extremely soothing, the temperature of the room was just right, and the lighting was perfect. Thanks Taiji!
Despite not being the perfect place for a massage, I'd come back again with $40 & tip. It's not the best nor the worst. You get what you pay for. $40 (web special) for 50min. You want massage, you get massage. If you don't ask for a specific rub down, then you get the mixed martial arts special which includes a little bit of each style and a couple mins of smooth hot stones rubbed all over (which I prefer over the needled hands). Pros: Place is clean. Warm oils/hands. Wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am. Cons: Products used. Curtain doors. Not sound proof. You can hear your neighbor's massage, the receptionist, the peace disturbing phone rings, guests coming and going, outdoor noise & conversations seeping through the cracks of the front door.   Concerns: Not a big fan of having her knee's next to my ears with elbows on my lower back, while coughing & sniffing back loose phlegm. I question the reason for the giant vasaline jar in the massage oil basket. Dry spots? Cracked heels? Happy ending? P.S. I wasn't too sure if I was to remove my panties, so I kept them on in case the the curtains blew open.
AMAZING! I have been to many massage places in the city and this one is by far the best for value and massage. I had Lynne and she was amazing. It was a deep tissue massage and she spent just the right amount of time on every area of my body based on the amount of tension in each. She also finished with a great foot massage! Place is very clean and conveinant! You will absolutely leave here happy.
My husband and I had been pounding the pavement in NYC on a pre-holiday shopping weekend, and we decided our feet were killing us! Using Yelp as a guide, and encouraged by the 4 & 5 star reviews, we decided to try it. It was a busy saturday afternoon, but they told us to come in and took us right away! In a word - FANTASTIC!!  It was clean & comfortable.  We wanted the reflexology & asked for 30 minutes for $28.  They put us in a double room, which was kinda cool.   The room was dimly lit, cozy, and had nice zen-type music playing.  Lucy worked on my feet, legs & shins with nice, firm pressure.  They worked quietly and I almost fell asleep~  They finished up with a hot, moist towel and my feet felt totally rejuvenated! The only minor quibble is that the treatment rooms have curtains, rather than doors, so you can hear the hallway traffic & footsteps.  Mildly annoying, but it didn't bother me too much. Pros:  Very clean. Comfortable rooms/treatment beds.  Firm pressure & quiet treatment.
I found heaven. An amazing check-in deal on yelp for a 75 min massage for $50! For this price I was expecting to get a nice neck and back rub to relieve the tension but got the best massage I've ever had in my life. I was lucky to get Amy who has been reviewed before on yelp. She's an angel. I like my massages with a LOT of pressure and Amy more than satisfied. I had knots the size of tennis balls on my neck and they are gone. She did a full body massage with a foot massage like no other. I can't say enough good things about my experience. The place itself is basic but clean and very professional. Rooms are separated by curtains but I couldn't care less. For the service they give you I'll be a frequent customer for sure. Places like this are hard to find in manhattan. It's a true gem!!
Great massage. Left me feeling amazing. The only issue I had was that they tend to talk a lot and you can hear everything I outside the room.
Had a great experience. Very nice staff. They make sure their pressure is right and the hot stone was a pleasant surprise! Would definitely go back there again and again.
Therapist was clearly not professionally trained. Did not feel relaxed at all. You can hear people chatting with each other, talking on the phone, customers coming in and out and weird/tacky chinese music playing in the background. My lady left the room at one point to talk to the front desk about some tip issue from her previous customer. She also stuck her head out of the curtain to chat with someone in the hall way. The massage itself was careless and not thorough at all. In the end she insisted on 20% tip which I did not feel like she deserved. You can certainly argue that you get what you pay for. But there are some standards and business ethics that just shouldn't be compromised regardless of the price tag. Will not return.
Bf didn't like the massage. I had a terrible headache right after my massage. The lady did it very hard on my right shoulder and it caused me headache. I was suffering for 2 days, until I gave in...took pain reliever and had my bf massage me.
