I haven't had the pleasure of receiving a massage from Darcy but my mother sees her on a bi-weekly basis and sings her praises. She actually feels the difference in her body and this is a woman who suffers from multiple medical issues including arthritis and fibromyalgia. Thank you Darcy,  for bringing some relief to my mom.
After a long weekend of delayed flights and standing in lines a friend recommended Darcy and I booked an hour session. Turned out to be exactly what I needed - a thorough deep-tissue massage targeting specific areas to get me back on my feet feeling rejuvenated and free of stress. She was quick to pinpoint exactly what my problems were without having to tell her my whole sad story. Very intuitive, very knowledgeable, very kind - I'm a client for life.
I joined yelp exclusively to gush about Darcy Stockton.  When my IT band problems threatened my marathoning ambitions, Darcy's amazing deep tissue sports massage saved the day.  Not only is Darcy warm and welcoming, she is also extremely knowledgeable.  She was able to answer all of my questions, and pointed out various things (don't cross your legs under your desk!) that created stiffness and imbalance in my body.  I have never had such an individualized, effective, and healing experience with a massage therapist and, thanks to Darcy, I am confident that I will be able to continue running for years to come! Even if you do not live near Prospect Heights, it is well worth your while to make an appointment with Darcy.  After seeing her for only a few months, I will never look elsewhere for a massage therapist again.
I went to Darcy to get a prenatal massage and I had a great experience. She was very kind and made me feel comfortable. I left feeling very relaxed and calm. I will definitely go back again.
Over the years, I've received a lot of massages--from national corporate chains, to casual back rubs from friends, to cheapo Thai joints, to overpriced holistic healers--so I can honestly say that Darcy Stockton is one of the best massage therapists I have seen.  Ever! She has noticed things (repetitive stress injuries, scar tissue from old muscle tears, etc.) that other people have not, which is an elusive and highly-valued quality. She really knows her stuff.  Sure, she is well-schooled and well-trained, but there are aspects to her massage practice that simply cannot be taught.  She is intuitive and empathetic.  She can work within your physical and emotional boundaries.  She's one of those rare gems who won't just go through the textbook-prescribed motions of what-your-massage-should-be.  Instead, she listens to YOU--your needs, your body, your aches du jour.   She is a "massage therapist" in the truest sense of the phrase, and I'm not the least bit ashamed to say that I'm thoroughly hooked.
I've received many massages over the past few years, and I can say with certainty that Darcy's work is the finest I've ever experienced, bar none. Her deep-tissue work is very effective, and she can generate a surprising amount of pressure.  Her knowledge of musculature and human anatomy is on par with that of several doctors I know.  To top it off, she couples this with an excellent "bedside manner" and client-centric approach.  As someone who isn't immediately receptive to being touched, I felt relaxed and at ease almost instantly. If you or someone you know is in the New York City area and considering a massage, I absolutely implore you to give Darcy a call.  You'll be glad you did. I guarantee it.
Words cannot describe my massage with Darcy last night.  I knew the minute she laid hands on me that my search was over... she was THE ONE.  Since I suffer from chronic neck/shoulder pain, I opted for the Office Space: Head, Neck, and Shoulders.  Honestly, I never knew this kind of relief was physically possible.  She has this incredible gift of sensing exactly where I was hurting, it was like she had known me for years! With every stroke of her magic fingers, the pain just melted away.  When the session was done, I was so overcome with feelings of joy and amazement that I couldn't help but... CRY TEARS OF JOY!!! (How embarrassing...) Thank you Darcy, you have changed my life!!!
Darcy is a very talented massage therapist. I prefer deep tissue massage and while I've found many female massage therapists unable to go deep enough, she beats me up thoroughly (in a good way!). She also is a great energy worker if you choose to go that route. I've fallen asleep on her table a few times I've become so relaxed. She know how everything connects and will address whatever your symptoms happen to be that day so that you leave feeling better than when you came in. Highly recommended!
I had my first massage with Darcy about a month ago and she is super talented and amazing at her craft. I feel like I've found my therapist after years of looking since my last great therapist moved away. Since then, I have seen many therapists in the Brooklyn area and while they were good and they knew massage therapy skills, they sort of end up seeming more generic versus specializing in my individual body's quirks. Darcy is one of those therapists that notices the things that you know you've been feeling. She brought up a hip issue that I've had for years and had suggestions for my chronic shoulder problem (from years of volleyball). I didn't tell her these things--she's like the ghost whisperer of the massage world (lol)! You can feel her strength in her hands. In addition, she is just a super nice person, easy to talk to--like seeing a friend. I felt so comfortable with her at my first visit. I agree with the other reviewers and I had to show Darcy my support, as she deserves it! (at risk of making her more popular and harder to get an appointment with). One small thing is that her space at Shambala Center isn't the most quiet but really, that has nothing to do with her great abilities. As a plus, you can schedule all your appointments online and at your convenience and she's super digital so it just makes the whole logistics so less stressful. Thank you Darcy! I can't wait to schedule my next appt.
Darcy is one of my amazing finds in Brooklyn. I moved 4 months ago and didn't know how I would manage without my Manhattan exhale masseuse. Darcy is an intuitive healer and a fantastic masseuse. I would highly recommend her and love the fact I found her on Yelp. I went to her for prenatal massage and now I am going to her for reagular aromatherapy detox massages.
Darcy is a very talented massage therapist, and equally as importantly very hard working too. A bit of background; I'm a male in my 20s, workout regularly, and in a very gruelling academic path where I'm on my feet for 6 or so hours a day and then seated for at least another 6 studying. I have all sorts of imbalances, a decent amount of knots, and a reasonably sized frame. Oh, and I also have a (rehabbed) rotator cuff tear causing its own muscular issues. I started seeing Darcy late last year, and I've seen her 5 times since for sports/therapeutic massages. Twice I've been for a whole body general thing, and the other few times for work on specific areas, upper back, legs etc. Each time, she has gone out of her way to make sure all the areas I asked for have been targeted, as well as identifying related areas I haven't thought of. She uses a range of pressures depending on what I ask, but always maintains that she will only use an adequate amount of pressure in an appropriate area, rather than indiscriminate jabbing in uncertain spots. She works hard, and has honestly worked wonders with helping me correct my posture, work through and around my injury, and working on particularly stubborn areas of knotting. I've also gone in and asked for a lighter massage too, and she did some absolutely wonderful work there. The stuff shes done with my feet and calves was seriously unbelievable, I've gotten a fair few massages and pedis/etc in the past, and this was some of the best reflexology I've ever had. The location is fine enough, the new room she has is nice and quiet, and the atmosphere is relaxing. I think they're doing some work on the building, making it a holistic centre. I've had to reschedule/cancel once or twice, and shes been accommodating. In summary: she is a very knowledgable massage therapist, spends a good amount of time meeting your needs, and is definitely someone I go back to repeatedly.
Darcy is one of the best massage therapists I've seen.  She's extremely knowledgable and really works out the problem areas while also addressing the other knotted spots as well. I have already seen her twice and plan on coming back to see her again!
I just got home from my massage with Darcy, and had to write this review immediately. I'm running the NYC marathon next month, and needed a massage to address an ankle, knee and IT band issue I've been having. Darcy was definitely the right person to go to! She is so knowledgable and informative and had good advice about stretching and foam rolling and has really strong hands! I love a good deep tissue massage. It was, granted, a little painful but that was expected since I'm in the midst of marathon training and wanted to loosen things up (and hey, what deep tissue massage isn't painful?). I will definitely be going back post-marathon and in general!!! Thanks Darcy, I'll be referring all my runner friends to you!
Basically everything I want to say has already been said by previous reviewers but... wow. She really takes her time, gives you 100% of her care and attention, never makes you feel rushed, and seems to know your body better than you do. Worth. Every. Penny.
I just moved into the neighborhood from across the country and didn't know where to turn to for a good massage. Luckily, the reviews on Yelp pointed me to the right person. I requested a 60-minute Swedish massage because I thought I just needed to get my body generally loosened up. After filling out my intake form and talking to her about how I was feeling, she strongly recommended I go with deep tissue. Damn, that was exactly what I needed. She worked on all these knots in my back that I didn't even know existed, let alone know how they affected the posture of my entire body. I left Darcy with her giving me tips on posture and foam roller. I've had lots of great and lots of not-so-great massage therapists. Darcy is up there with the very best.
I just left my first massage with Darcy and I cannot rave about her enough. It's as though she reminded my body what it's supposed to feel like. Her deep tissue massage is intense and healing- this girl really knows her stuff. I feel somehow inspired to do whatever it takes to feel like this more often, and she helped me find ways to do that. Go to Darcy. Her hands are made of magic.
Darcy is great.  Just like what the other reviewers have said, she knows exactly how much pressure to use and where you need it.   I have the type of job that really wares down on my body physically.  For years I have been told to get massages to help relieve the pressure in my shoulders and lower back, but never felt the full benefits of a good session.  Once I started seeing Darcy I instantly felt a difference and realized what everyone was talking about.
In the past I have had massages where the person really didn't do anything but gently rub my back. Darcy really gets into the problem areas and makes sure things are worked out. If you have back issues I would highly recommend going to see her.
i was so impressed w/ darcy that i'm moved to write my first yelp review ever.  am a bit of a massage aficionado and quite picky.  she really is attuned to reading the body and knowing where to hit.  i'm about as pregnant as one could be (39+ weeks!) and she was able to hone in on all the right points, work to loosen up my joints, jaw, back, neck -- everywhere...  i feel so much more relaxed and that my body is in tune and aligned going into the next steps ahead.
YES YES YES!! I haven't written a Yelp review in almost a year but Darcy deserves to have her praises sung by the masses. I went to a generic massage place in Midtown and it was the biggest tease of a lifetime because while someone was giving me a massage nothing was loosened up or released. So only 2 days after the terrible massage I sought out Darcy Stockton. She is hands down the best masseuse I've ever been too. I really like when a masseuse has a holistic approach and I feel like Darcy definitely does. She listened very closely to what I told her about my previous medical history and back injuries and 2 days after my massage, my back and shoulders had never ever felt better. She found tight places on me that I didn't even know existed. I told my friends about her and they came all the way from 180th street in Washington Heights to go to her. She's THAT good-- so do yourself a favor and go to her ASAP.
Darcy is wonderful. I just had my first 90 minute Swedish massage with her, and I will absolutely be going back. After my massage, she answered all my questions thoughtfully, and even offered some wedding planning advice! I can't wait until the next time my in-laws are in town and my fiancé treats me to another Darcy massage.
The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because I haven't had enough massages to know that she's the ABSOLUTE BEST. BUT! Darcy really did a great job on my deep tissue massage. It was my first deep tissue, and I wasn't sure what to expect. She definitely gets in there! She's incredibly thorough, and while she really focused on upper body & shoulders (I had requested it), I was surprised to receive a really great full body massage. I'll definitely be going back.
The hubs and I were on vacation in the area, and really needed a massage thanks to our wonderful temp bed. SO I yelped massage therapists in the area, and found Darcy. After reading the reviews we decided she was the one. Her prices were awesome, and I loved the studio she works from. We both signed up for the hour deep tissue. She was very warm and welcoming. Her room was clean, and comfortable. She asked about my concerns, and problem areas, and gave them so much needed attention. Her pressure was perfect, and she made us feel great!
