Amazing salon & spa. I had a Hungarian Facial and it was spectacular--my skin has never looked and felt better. The esthetician was very knowledgeable and talented, and she helped me figure out a personalized skin care plan that fits within my budget on a normal basis (using many household items like eggs, lemons, and green tea). The products used during my facial were great and smell wonderful, and the experience was very luxurious. Staff was all very friendly and helpful, and it is very nice place overall. Prices are also very very good compared with other NYC salons, without compromising quality.
I went there for a haircut. The ambiance is nice but I wasn't happy with the stylist. I had "tez" for my stylist and she cut my hair too short. I even showed her a picture of my desired length, and asked her to leave it a little longer. Yet she cut it super short. She was nice and friendly, took time to listen but was off the mark when it comes to the length (even when I showed her a picture of the desired length)
Can't confirm if it was actually bait-and-switch but the service I booked came out $10 more. Anyway, no shoulder/neck massage AND aggressive product up-selling during a $95, 45-minute facial. SO NOT RELAXING. Don't tell me I should ask my husband to buy the cream you are slopping on my face.
I have been going to Venell Spa for about 1yr...I was really comfortable with this place...I got comfortable with Anabel for my Brazilian wax then one day I called and they said she wasn't there anymore, I was really upset but I continued to go because all the workers were pleasant... Then I started to notice that every time I would go their prices were different, the prices was going up every month! Be very careful when going their for a Brazilian because they might charge you 20$ more and say you got a Rio..they don't tell you about this til it's time to pay.
I've come to Venelle a handful of times over the past few years, and have always left feeling refreshed and relaxed. Services I've had include facials, massages (both swedish and prenatal), eyebrow waxing, and a few haircuts. Everyone I have worked with has been sweet, courteous, and personable, and I have been satisfied with every service. I have sensitive skin and have never had any reactions to products used here. I expected to leave with a red, puffy face after my first facial... not the case at all. My skin glowed.   I love a good value, so I often book an appointment here during spa week or take advantage of a special (these change every month and are always a great deal). This is definitely the best spa in the neighborhood!
This is a great place for summer waxing, ladies (and gentleman!). It's the best bang for your buck at $56 for a Brazilian. Dana is super nice, funny and thorough. I was in and out of there in less than 20 minutes, and it was nearly pain-free. Heads up: Cash only for tips, so make sure to bring some green.
I work in the neighborhood and got great feed back from my co-workers about this place. However my experience was less than great. I was a first timer when it came to bikini waxing  so I scheduled my appointment . I arrived for my 4:45 pm appointment on time and was greeted by the receptionist who said it would be just a few minutes .I waited for 30 minutes the poor receptionist  was very sweet and apologized for the inconvenience and told me there was a issue with the previous appointment .I was understanding of that but from then on it all went down hill. A tall blonde lady came up and instead of asking who was her next appointment went right to the customer who looked like her and just walked in and left me sitting there. Everything told me to get up and walk out but I stayed. The receptionist saw the interaction and quickly intervened and I was rushed off to my appointment. From that point I was rushed. I waited 30 minutes and the wax was rushed painful  and less than 10 minutes . I was then dismissed to pay for my services at the desk. The receptionist probably seeing my annoyance discounted my services but the damage was done. I will not be returning to this place . I expected better service considering the diverse PARKSLOPE  clients that frequent this place. I was very disappointed with the service.
This is no ordinary high-end salon. Since I've moved to New York I've tried a lot of salons and in 2 years this is the only place where I'm willing to pay a bit more for the quality. I've had Luba a couple times for eyebrow waxing and she is phenomenal. She takes her time and really gives you a great shape. I paid $20.90 for a wax not including tip and while I know that's pretty steep for New York, it's totally worth it.
I go to Luba for waxing. She does a great job and is great to talk to as well! The salon is very clean and the staff is nice. Just remember to bring cash to tip, they don't accept tips on credit cards.
Venelle is one of Park Slope's hidden gems. It is beautiful and clean and offers all the services a woman could possibly want- all under one roof! I came here for waxing a couple of times and so far everyone has been great. However, I prefer to see Donna. She is AMAZING at treating my sensitive skin. One thing that also concerns me is hygiene- but not with Donna. She is very clean and never double dips. My hair grows in weird lengths so she always take her time to patiently remove all the ingrown hairs and short hairs with tweezers. I highly recommend her! If you like to pamper yourself with massage and facials, I hear they also have amazing people for that too. Overall, I am extremely pleased with this spa and I will continue coming here.
Great atmosphere. Super efficient, thorough and lovely waxing therapist - Elena! Definitely going back.
I'd give ZERO STARS if I could! I scheduled a massage+facial for my husband and I this weekend. The massage was fine. Then, I had my facial with Michelle. At first, she seemed to be in a hurry, and I wondered if she would give my 45min facial or would finish before that. She did give me the full 45min, so I could say the 1 star is for that. I usually have facials once a month, and I have tried several places in the city, so I actually know what to expect from a facial. While I do not think it was a facial, I agree the products they used are good products.  However, my biggest problems with the facial were: 1. The lady was in a hurry and I couldn't relax, with the impression I was bothering her. 2. She was loud and sloppy. She would turn the faucet on (to wash hand and utensils, I suppose) as if she were in her kitchen. My previous experiences are NO FAUCETS RUNNING whatsoever, but I do usually hear some splashes once in a while, which I believed to be the person washing everything in a quiet manner. Also, she kept bumping in the bed, and at some point pushed the bed a few inches. Not harmful, but, not a relaxing experience. 3. The "strawberry facial" is actually a facial massage. She kept massaging my face, head, shoulders, arms and hands. It SEEMS nice, but, she would put cream after cream, *and bring her hands greased with cream back to my hair!* I felt the cream in my hair, then my hair started to get (feel) wet and greasy. I also felt my face really greasy. The feeling was as if someone had give me a massage with hair conditioner, and left a think layer of conditioner in my face, which eventually started to dry out. 4. SHE KEPT BRINGING THE CREAMS TO MY HAIR! I left the salon with a horrible greasy hair. She kept resting her (with moisturizer) in my forehead and hair, also massaging the back of my head with the moisturized hand. My hair was greasy up to about 2-3inches from my face and neck. I had NEVER experienced something like that. When I left, I talked to the person in the front, explained everything to her. She said "sorry" (which was nice) and charged my $340 for the entire service. I was going to PrettyPlease ($120) to have my monthly 60min facials, but was hoping to find a nice please near home. For the $72.50 I paid at Venelle for a 45min, I'd expect WAAAAY more. I'm NEVER coming back. Which is a shame, because they're 5min from home and the massage was nice.
This review is for waxing only - I've been 3 times (twice to see Donna and once with another esthetician) to get a brazilian wax and it has been hands down the best wax experience I've had in NYC for the price and quality (I'm comparing this to Bliss specifically).  Minimal pain, quick process, friendly service, easy to book appointments, decent price - highly recommend.  These ladies know their trade.  All three times I've been in and out in 15-20 mins. Rooms are clean, private, and minimal.  Location is reasonably convenient even if you don't live in Park Slope.
I've been coming here for a while now and I love it. If you're going to wax make sure you see Donna. She's amazing !!!!!
I had a rather large package and wanted to include a blow out to top it off. We started the day with a 60 minute hot stone massage which was fabulous! My masseuse was amazing, very relaxing. I then had a 60 minute blueberry body scrub with a 60 minute facial. Again, my technician was fantastic, she talked me through the process and I just felt incredible. My skin was glowing and I was in another state of relaxation. Lastly, I need a blow out. I have rather long hair so instead of the advertised price of $35 she now wants to charge me $70 because she is going to use a different technique. Really? It's a blow out. After nearing a coronary, the owner gives it to me at the price originally quoted and she blows it out. What's different might you ask?  Nothing.  She pulled my hair, gave me attitude and worst off, turned my fantastic day into a "forgetful, I'm probably going to cancel that couples massage appointment I booked" kind of day.
I've been here a few times for a Brazilian wax with Donna.  She's very nice; however, she only uses regular wax (and sometimes, too hot) for a Brazilian and double dips.  She also attempted to remove an ingrown hair that failed and left an unattractive swollen bump.
I had the best massage today with Yuto. SERIOUSLY. AMAZING. I literally was transported to another place. I also go to Annabelle for brazilian waxing and she is terrific. So fast, painless (well...y'know, as painless as you could hope for a brazilian wax to be) and really sweet. Definitely puts your mind at ease. Donna and Luba are also great. I wouldn't say that Venelle is the most luxurious spa out there and it definitely has more of a salon feel than a spa, but they really are wonderful at what they do. Fast, clean, and talented.
Wax: I was lucky enough to get Anabelle for my first high bikini wax. Best wax I've ever had. Unfortunately, Anabelle has since left. I asked for a recommendation replacement and was referred to Donna. Not happy with the results AT ALL. She basically broke all of the hair, leaving me with stubble within a day. And, as another reviewer pointed out, Donna also charged me more for the exact same wax that I received from Anabelle. I'm not sure if I will go back as when I asked for a recommendation, I was told that all of their waxers are "very good" and experienced. I beg to differ based on my experience with Donna. I basically wasted quite a bit of money on what amounted to the same results as shaving. Massage: I had one massage here and was quite disappointed. I asked for deep tissue and I would say the pressure was very lacking despite my comments that I could handle and wanted a lot of pressure. I also could not relax for the first 30 or so minutes because she kept talking and asking questions. By the time she finally stopped talking, the message was almost over. However, I did appreciate the soothing music and low light but she turned all the lights back on when she walked out, which was very jarring.
I have gone to this place for a year to get Brazilian Waxing done. I feel comfortable and safe at this place and It is very clean and the people are polite. The first time I went for a waxing, I had Annabelle, who is terrific. I saw her for most of the year, but had another waxer. She was very good but she charged me more than Annabelle did which was a disappointment.  She charged me for a Rio when all I got was a Brazilian.   The services that she provided were the same services I was given when I went to Annabelle. I miss Annabelle and it is unfortunate she is no longer working at Venelle. Nonetheless, I hear the other waxers are great, so I will continue to come to Venelle, but maybe not as often considering the costs.  It would be great for the website to describe or lay out in clear terms what is a Brazilian Waxing verses and Rio.
Second time for bikini wax and I was less impressed than the first. Donna was uninterested in my request for a French bikini (yes, I know it's the same price as Brazilian, but it isn't the same). Even after showing her on my person what I wanted removed, she practically did a Brazilian. On one side. Then asked me how it was. So I had to have the other done, but then she tried to compensate and it didn't match. Need I say, this was also painful. I got the feeling she was inexperienced so I'll be sure to not get her again. My first experience was lovely, however, and the price is right, so I'll be giving them another chance.
The positive: fast waxing, clean, pleasant (Daniela did my waxing), not painful. The negative: Daniela went a bit too fast and cut some hairs in the process... So they are already growing back a week later... Not happy about that!!
First visit here for a Brazilian. I was helped by Aretell (if I'm spelling it right ). She was great very articulate and informative. This has been one of my least painful waxings. I would defiantly be going back.
Came in for a massage and REALLY enjoyed it. Probably one of the best massages I ever had. I walked in cranky and grumpy, all wet from the rain and was greeted by Alla who was so sweet that I felt much better immediately. She knew of all of my pains and aches before I even mentioned anything to her and her touch was perfect. You can really tell that she has been doing this for 29 years. HGHLY recommend.
I was here for a massage recently and I wasn't impressed. The AC was blasting and the lack of soundproof walls meant all the noise from the salon was easily heard during my massage. The massage itself was decent but could have been better for the cost. The experience was not memorable.
I've only gone there for waxing and it's great. I don't remember her name but she was attentive, helps to ease the experience. She only charged me a regular bikini even tho it really should be high bikini.
Amazing wax experience with Donna. She is so kind, polite, and really knows how to make you feel comfortable during the process. She was also very thorough and fast, with little pain. Now see, I have VERY course and tough hair but Donna got EVERYTHING. She even used tweezers to get every stray and stubborn hair. During the wax, Donna wore gloves, never double dipped and she applied antibacterial and hydrocortisone cream at the end. I highly recommend her if you want a great waxing experience. Venelle itself was extremely clean and neat. The waxing room was also relaxing and clean. It is a cute salon/spa with a very welcoming staff. I especially like the receptionist who can always manage to move my scheduled time around if I ask. Check around for their summer specials! The first time I went, I saved $10 on a brazilian, and stomach wax. Even without the specials, the prices are reasonable.
Venelle is the best Spa I've been in my whole life. I've been going there for a while now and I've tried most of their estheticians, and I can assure you that no matter which esthetician you'll pick you will not go wrong. I always go for waxing which is less painful than in other places. The estheticians are very precise and no hair is left. Also the place is extremely clean and has a nice ambience. Everybody is nice, and personally I love the European atmosphere as the stuff is courteous and professional without being over the top. That said, I tried: Sabina (she's great), Michelle (she's very good too), Donna (amazing and fast), Olena (awesome but unfortunately she no longer works at Venelle). Also today for the first time I had a Thai massage at Venelle. Yuko was so courteous and professional! I came with a severe back, shoulder and neck pain. Also I've been having some sciatica ... Only thing I can say is that he did an incredible job and I feel so much better now. I can't wait to go back. I recommend this place to everyone! ... Also, prices for waxing are reasonable (massages are a bit expensive but well worth the money)!
Based on other online reviews, I decided to switch to Venelle for my waxing treatment (I get the full monty, if you catch my drift). I'd been going to a well-known place in the West Village, but had been disappointed at feeling like I was part of a factory assembly line so decided to look elsewhere. I'm so glad I switched to Venelle. Michelle is far and beyond the best waxing specialist I have ever seen. She is was incredibly meticulous, and despite the expected amount of pain involved, I actually thought it was one of the most painless waxings I've ever had. I highly endorse her! The waxing rooms are spacious and well-lit (she even uses the type of lights typically seen at the dentist). A really relaxing "spa" soundtrack was playing, which I personally enjoyed. A couple things to note: they don't accept tips on credit cards (this is actually quite common in NYC salons), but do accept them for the services. Also, be clear to the staff (and yourself) about what you want done - the different waxing "areas" are outlined on their website, so if you want extra areas done (stomach, for example) you should expect to pay a little more. In my opinion, it's worth the extra cost.
AMAZING!! Today I had my first ever Brazilian wax, and I am very glad I chose to do it at Venelle Spa.  My experience here was excellent! A lovely Esthetician named Annabelle did my waxing and she did a wonderful job. She was very friendly and made my first time waxing experience bearable. The whole thing took about 10 minutes tops! It was quick and less painful then I imagined. I highly recommend Annabelle for anyone who is considering getting waxing done especially first timers. I was very pleased with my visit and will definitely be retuning!   The prices are reasonable and the staff is very friendly.
I had come in a few weeks ago for a coloring. I usually go to a friend of mine back home for color and get my haircut with regular stylist at another salon. I decided to do a color correct. Since my friend was back home and my regular salon (where they cut my hair) was a bit over my budget I found this spa. I should have noticed that the rave reviews were only about the aestheticians.... I went in and they were able to take me early which was nice, I had scheduled the color correct and an eyebrow wax. I sat down with the stylist who looked at my hair and I discussed with her what I wanted. I've done a color correct before, actually over a year ago, I knew the process. I explained to her I only wanted a double process, I understood I wasn't going to get the exact color of my roots and I was fine because I understand to keep my hair healthy I needed to be careful. I specifically explained I didn't want to do a triple process. It was quite uncomfortable for me because while she was processing my hair I had to slide in the chair a certain way and hold the position so she could work. She made a comment that she was a midget compared to me. I laughed and said  "Oh how funny I'm usually the short one!" I guess she wasn't joking, because she got very serious and said, "Really?? You? Small?? No No No you are quite large!" I let it slide on a possible language barrier since English was obviously her second language. Might I add that I may not be a tiny girl but I'm 5 foot 5... I asked her long she had been in the business since I like to talk and get to know people. She said, "30 years, is that a good enough answer for you?" I decided after that conversation may not be the best route. As she was explaining to me what she was doing she mentioned she would be doing a 3rd process. I reminded her what we spoke about. She immediately said she wasn't doing a third process. After going back and forth about this for a bit, she became frustrated and said, "There are some things I tell you, not because I need permission, but because I'm telling you what I am doing." I noticed the receptionist and another stylist were over hearing. While I was processing I heard them ask her what exactly she was doing. While processing she explained to me that my hair was incredibly damaged and needed a haircut today. I asked if it was something I could get the next day since I have someone who cuts my hair. She insisted it happen today because my hair was "covered in split ends" and I obviously "haven't been taking care of it" My hair is a little below my chin and explained it had just been cut 3 weeks beforehand. She looked surprised and still pushed the haircut, when I again said no she asked if it was a money issue. I was so insulted that before she could finish speaking about whatever deal she was going to give me because I obviously couldn't afford her services, I stopped her and said money was not an issue. Ultimately I agreed, partially to appease her and partially just to shut her up, she then explained I needed to do a hair mask. I told her I already do those and I would make sure to continue. She then said, "Don't lie, don't say you'll do it and then you go home and you won't, you need to promise." I explained to her I wasn't lying and was finally at the point where I just wanted the whole thing to end. The only reason I didn't leave was because I had dye in my hair. **In between all this I had a lovely aesthetician take care of my eyebrows. She was so comforting and sweet. She did an amazing job and I will be returning to her. She was very communicative and we laughed together. She was a light through my whole ordeal.** After everything was finished the stylist blew out my hair making it look like a mix of 80's and I woke up late mess. When I started to smooth it down with my hands she said, "Oh you don't like how I did it?" then proceeded to blow dry my hair haphazardly while rolling her eyes. I got the receptionist who was very kind. I was only charged $160 for everything because she linked my services to a special they were having. I was surprised and thanked her. I tipped the hairstylist and the aesthetician. The aesthetician said thank you and gave me her card for other services, while the hairstylist mumbled a thank you. Before I got out the door she had already approached the receptionist desk to argue with her about what I was charged. What I got from my experience? A blunter cut of my edgy shag. My blunt cut bangs are longer on the right and my ends are longer on the left. I will say the color came out great. However it really wasn't worth the ordeal. I will however be returning for aesthetic services with Armetta. The review got a total of three stars only because of her. Lesson learned I should make sure I see what the amazing comments are for.
Donna is the best! I've been waxing for 15 years. I've lived in montreal and toronto and have never had an esthetician like Donna. She is fast, thorough and most importantly she really makes it as pain free as possible. She is also kind, clean and a pleasure to be around. I've never experienced this little pain before with Brazilians. Thank you, Donna! You're amazing.
Ok 1st time here and I'm in love. Definitely coming back. I was waxed by the polish aesthetician Arnetta (hope I spelled it almost right). She was friendly and just so so nice. Wax was damn near painless and very quick. Smooth clean looking results and very sanitary. The waxing room is very clean and inviting. This is the kind of service that I appreciate and gets me to come back. Definitely coming back and hope to always be serviced by Arnetta. She's wonderful and the receptionist were very professional and friendly as well.
I've been to several places for Brazilian waxes and this place has to be one of the best! I've had 3 different technicians here, each one with their own style of getting you to feel relaxed but everyone of them getting the job well done! I've had Sabina twice though and I've gotta vouch for her, she's quick and efficient and even gave me a glass of wine to get me more relaxed. Thanks Venelle Spa for keeping me bare down there :)
Ladies if you're in need of a top notch wax I highly recommend Donna at Venelle salon. She is so incredibly sweet, she chats you up and makes you totally comfortable the entire time. Can not say how pleased I am with the entire experience at this salon.
Dana made my waxing experience as painful as possible: Fast, efficient and very friendly. She really knows her trade well. I came three times to her and the experience was always perfectly pleasant. I very much recommend her services. The rooms are comfortable, clean, and private. They use only high quality products.
I just had my eyebrows and lips waxed by Luba and she was really good - this comes from a waxing snob too! The receptionist at the front desk was sweet and helpful; I started my wax within 5 mins of arriving, and was done with both waxes in 15-20 mins. Plus the price is very reasonable compared to what I'm used to at my other salon! Would definitely want to try their other services at some point.
I love Venelle - appointments are easy to get, the front desk staff is always kind and welcoming, and I think the services are great. I saw Arnetta for a brazilian wax and it was a great experience compared to other waxes I have had in NYC - and priced really well comparatively (each cheaper than I thought b/c they were having a monthly special)! It was quick, relatively painless, and she talked to me the entire time so I was distracted. I left feeling really happy and satisfied. I highly recommend!!
Clean, fast, friendly, not over priced. What else to ask for?
The esthetician was nice and welcoming. Room was really small with thin walls...even w/ music on I heard what's going on outside. My treatment was microdermabrasion - was good, pretty thorough. The room had a chill b/c the ceiling fan was on high but esthetician was kind enough to turn it put it on low when asked, but then she got hot and opened the door slightly :-/,. Products were good though - Essence, which I've used in the past and one of the reasons I decided to give Venelle a shot. What I did not like is the esthetician using everything cold to either wipe my face, remove product etc. I am aware that cold water closes pores, however, hot/warm towels should've been used and then at the end, cold could've been used. When I brought it up, she said I should've told her. I thought hot/cold was common knowledge and I'm far from a spa/facial virgin. Anyway, doubt I'll return.
I've been going here for about a year and a half now for Brazilian waxes.  I've rotated between Luba, Michelle, and Sabina...all have been excellent.  They take their time, are friendly and gracious, and have consistently done an excellent job with the waxing job itself.  I've been very pleased.  I've almost always been able to make a same-day appointment as well, which is very convenient.   I've only had one bad experience (and by bad, I mean awful) with a new staff member who did my Brazilian about a year ago.  I won't mention her name out of courtesy, but she was unskilled, impatient, and then tried to overcharge me for the service.  It took my skin two weeks to completely heal from the damage she did.  I almost didn't come back.  The next month when I called to schedule an appointment (not with her!) I was told that she'd been let go.  I really appreciate a place that really stays on top of the customer experience and the quality of service they give.  I was impressed with their diligence, and decided to keep Venelle as my go-to. My only complaint: you can't tip on your credit card here.  It seems like an inconvenience for customers and staff alike.  I've had to walk down the street to an ATM machine countless times, and I can imagine that it means that employees aren't always tipped as well as they otherwise would be.  It would take the management little time and effort to remedy that.
This was my first time at Venelle salon and I was here for a facial. And this was the BEST facial I have ever had! ! ! ! I went to many salons before and Michelle (she was my facial technician) was amazing! She was very nice, made me feel comfortable, and she definitely knows her stuff! This is the FIRST time in my life that I came out AFTER FACIAL WITHOUT RED SPOTS! My face is very sensitive and any pressure on my skin makes it very irritated. Michelle made sure that my skin was glowing when I came out and without any redness. I am very thrilled with her! I already made another appointment to see her! Thank you Michelle for such a wonderful and refreshing facial! Well worth the money and the prices here are very reasonable. Also I ABSOLUTELY LOVE that they use all Natural and Organic products! Even there pens are wooden ! Haha
This will be my go to place for waxing.  I usually just get my lower legs done.  The hair stops just around my knees and there is virtually no hair above that.  Some places I've gone I've had to ask for them to get the small patches around my knee, as if there were an invisible line right at my knee cap that says "stop here".  But Donna got all the places with out me having to ask.  Best leg wax I think I have ever had.  Very clean and nice.
I went here to get my arms waxed. $35 bucks! What a steal, amiright? Though the rooms were clean and private, the wax left a bit to be desired. The waxing itself wasn't bad. My esthetician was super nice and quick. I mentioned that I have sensitive skin and she offered me the special wax, but noted that it was nearly twice the price. I was in and out in about 30 minutes. However, today, my arms have bruises on them, and I'm even missing some skin in spots. I think the bruising came from waxing in large strips, and the missing skin came from the wax being too hot. However, at the time, it didn't seem like anything was wrong. I'm sure that if I'd said something, she'd have adjusted the temp or what not. Anyhoodle, I think I'll go back to de-hairing my own arms. If you don't have crazy sensitive skin, this place seems like it would be great! Bring cash for the tip!
I come here for my Brazilian's I've scheduled with Annabelle and Donna. They are both great depending on what you prefer. Annabelle talks to you the entire time so it goes pretty quick and not as painful cause your distracted. Donna takes a bit more time but I think she is a little more thorough she takes the time to make sure she gets every single tiny hair. Which some people might love and some people might not have the patients for. Either I love them both. The Brazilian wax comes out to 41. Great prices great ambience.
I came in for a facial and my esthetician was Anna (she is known as the "Beauty Doctor" among her clients). She was recommended to me by a friend -- and rightly so. Anna was very pleasant and made sure I was comfortable during the whole experience. I should add that I have very sensitive skin and usually dread facials as the extractions cause a great deal of pain. Anna was VERY gentle and careful, it almost felt nice! She was also extremely thorough -- I don't remember the last time my face felt so clear and smooth. After the facial, Anna gave me some skin care advice which was also very helpful. I would definitely recommend Anna at this salon!
I went to Venelle for a wax job.  A lady-parts wax.  My FIRST EVER lady-parts wax (or wax of any kind).  Insert look of terror here. I chose them because of the yelp reviews, and I am so happy I did.  First of all, I walked in to a beautiful, elegant, clean space.  The woman who was working with me (on me, really) was very nice, and tried to reassure me that it wouldn't be so bad.  I have heard enough horror stories from close friends and families to know that this wasn't going to be a pleasant experience, even if this woman was a magician with a delicate touch.  When she told me not to be tense and just to relax, I wanted to laugh in her face. While I am not going to tell you that getting the hair yanked out of my nether regions was terrific fun and my latest hobby that I do as often as possible, I will tell you that I was surprised.  Yes, it's hot, and yes, I was wincing quite a bit, but I think that was more because I was tense than it was about the actual amount of pain I was feeling.  That amount of pain being SIGNIFICANTLY less than I was bracing myself for.  I had also read on other salon websites that you should plan for 45 minutes to an hour for a Brazilian wax.  I was in and out of there in 15 minutes or less, with no lasting pain, no swelling, no bumps, and no redness.  And the whole thing was only like $40.  I was prepared to be charged somewhere in the $100 range, based on what friends pay! I have not sworn off waxes like many of my friends do after their first experience.  I am not going to be going back every 3 weeks as they recommend, cause I am just not that comfortable laying in that position in front of a stranger while she commits crimes (misdemeanors) to my hoo-hoo.  But I will more likely than not go back to Venelle....and I do not plan to venture too far away from there to experiment with other places that could turn those "crimes" into felonies!
Ask for Michelle! Unbelievable facial. One delicious smelling and super gentle product after the next was thoroughly but lovingly massaged into my very tired and worn out face. Heaven. And her massage was amazing and thorough! The extractions were also thorough but painless. Highly highly recommend. I came out looking like I had slept for a week straight and had a month long vacation. Super refreshed and soft and smooth skin. I will definitely be back.
Anna is great. I just went to her on my 4th ever facial and I can say she is one of the best I ever had. I went to her on a recommendation of a friend after I went to some other facialists who decided to butcher my skin *lifebooker ftl*. She definitely took care of me. She gave me a massage, which I never had with any of the facials I have brought before and this includes some of the so-called higher-end spas. She even gave me some post-facial advice. She was gentle enough with the extractions and was very meticulous. I will definitely be going to her again.
I went to Venelle because my husband got me a package for Mother's Day (45mn facial, 60mn swedish massage, 10mn reflexology) I was really looking forward to it since I gave birth 4 months ago and never had the occasion to take care of me since then, I thought I would take advantage of the package to book for a brazilian wax and the hairdresser as well-might just spend the day there- We started with waxing wich was fast, clean, efficient and well done by Donna, although I don't understand how expensive it is to get a brazilian wax in New York, nothing less than 60USD and I pay 35€ in Paris wich is approx 47USD (Venelle brazilian is at 72USD) Then came the facial (by Donna as well) wich was relaxing but I'm usually never too impressed by facials, although I have to say, my skin looked really really fresh and clean when I came back home, I then I had the massage and the reflexology done by a man wich I assume was asian and this is THE real highlight of the place, I never had a better massage than this one and I've tried a lot of massage places throughout the world (Thailand, France, Malaysia, Morrocco..) This is THE BEST MASSAGE in the world, it is not too soft nor too rough, just the right amount of pressure, Finally at last I had my hair cut and dyed, and here comes the blow, the haidresser was really kind but I had long dark hair and basically I wanted a tie dye bob cut straight to the shoulders, telling her precisely I don't really like layers and I don't like brown color in my hair.. Throughout the cut she told me she would layer a bit and when she did it she told me I wouldnt even see it and I trusted her.. Well, I ended up with a layered, really layered bob with brown highlights, I was right away disappointed but after spending my whole afternoon there I just wanted to leave.. Although I can't say that it was not done well, it was not what I asked for and I think there's nothing more upsetting for a woman to get her hair done in a way she didn't want, specially after giving birth, when she feels unsecure enough.. I was reluctant to get my hair done there and I should have listen to myself, I just tought it will be easier for me, as a young mum, to get everything done at the same place, The place is nice and clean and everyone was nice and pleasant, so I would definitely recommand Venelle for the facials, the waxing and the massage.. As for the hairdresser I guess that when you just need a trim or a wash and blowdry it's good enough for it
I noticed it on 7th ave a few weeks ago and decided to test them out with a manicure. For $15, I got the Moisturizing Manicure.  Good manicure with trimming cuticles, exfoliation, lotion, etc etc.  Everything you'd expect, and really really attentive service.   I was offered a drink when sat in the chair! They opened recently so I imagine they are doing their best to woo customers, but I was mightily impress by how much my manicurist cared about my nails, dry hands, and that I was relaxing!  I am always on the lookout though for a manicurist who does a good massage, and she did not disappoint.  Also, she gave a great neck/shoulder massage; it was really awesome--she even used some hand lotion to be able to massage my shoulders better (I was wearing a t-shirt, so it was totally fine) However, I feel kind of bad, as the manicure was only supposed to last 30 min, and through her attentiveness to me, she ended up going over (the girl who rang me up was saying to her that she took too long...although there wasn't anyone else in there so I didn't see the problem...I left her a larger than normal tip) Anyways, I approve.  Though it's a little pricier than the Asian nail salons in the neighborhood, my manicurist did a really excellent job and I had a good experience.  I want to come back for the full mani/pedi experience, and for a full massage!   (Did I mention that the inside is decorated very nicely and super clean?!)
I've been to Venelle on and off for over a year mostly for facials and micro-dermabrasion treatments. My goal, as a woman approaching 40's was to start to learn how to take care of my skin long term.  I never knew about skin treatments, cleansers and lotions and I've learned a lot this past year.  They use great natural products and my cabinet is now well stocked.  The one issue I have with them is the ever rotating cast of estheticians.  I've loved them all, but a few times a person I started to use would leave.  I've never had a bad experience and this hasn't affected the quality I've received, but it does mean each session maybe be different than the last.
This place is awesome, they are a full-service salon and spa with very friendly, professional and talented staff. It also is beautiful on the inside, clean, nice decor and generally a nice ambiance. I have to say most of the other reviewers below are spot on! My hair was in desperate need of an intervention, so when I got to Anthony yesterday, he listened, and transformed my flat mop into something with shape and style, being sensitive to the fact that I didn't want to cut too much off. AND, when I got home last night and felt like one small piece of hair wasn't the same length as the other framing my face, I called them back and he fixed it, no questions asked! The other services (nails and wax) were also great, very professional and efficient and the prices weren't exorbitant, which is what I've come to expect from multi-service places like this. I couldn't say it more, this place is great and I definitely will be going back regularly.
AMAZING !!!!!!!!! Best experience ever . Came here Cause of yelp reviews and I am glad to have yelp around for sure ! I am not saying that every time it's right and I do give some businesses a try even if review are so so - just feel it's fair. But for my facial I had to go safe and It was more than that . The environment there is so charming and staff are smiling and gives u welcome feeling . I had Veta for my face treatment and she is absolutely professional and nice . The Salon should be so glad they have her there.. She explained everything with patience on the differences of the treatments and helped me choose the one for me . Her hands are like magic .... Every time she put on a masque she indulged me with head and shoulders massage. She knows exactly what to do with your skin and I think she really likes her job which makes it even better :-). The price for the treatment I have chosen is not cheap - $95( organic full face ) BUT let me tell you that - it does the work and I prefer to pay $95 every 3 month and see results !! . I tried like 3 places before I came here and it may have seem good while I was there but the results were not the best . They are using this company named Eminence which carry organic products as well as make ups and sun screens . I bought powder make-up with sun screen and got it in a cool wooden box you should try this place . And if u want a facial try Veta .My face feels and looks great thanks to her .
As a guy I hate getting haircuts.  Normally, I have bad experiences, because I either go to a cheap place and get butchered, or I go to an expensive place that charges me $50 for a trim. I don't usually go to a place that has the word spa in the name, because I figure it's just for women.  Gentlemen, don't let that deter you. Venelle has a great atmosphere that's nice, but not over the top.  I got a guy named Anthony that did a great job washing and cutting my hair.   At first I was nervous, because the way he was cutting my hair I was thinking "damn, this is probably going to cost $50"  I finished my cut and it looked great and surprisingly only cost me $31.  Now some guys might find that expensive, but those who are looking for something between the $12 barbershop and the $50+ luxury salon, this is a great spot to check out.   The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because sometimes I like it when stylists give me some recommendations for what to do with my hair.  At the same time, I didn't really ask, but definitely will next time.  Overall, I think the search for a great guys haircut spot has come to an end for me.
Wow...it's been a week. No bumps no infection! I took a shower that same night and applied the neosporin (as instructed) and the burning went away the next morning. Michelle is the truth, I give my utmost recommendation for her to do your waxing.
I was a little disappointed when I went to get my hair cut here! (1) Atmosphere: The staff seemed nice enough, the space is very clean, and slightly inviting (it feels a little bit like you're walking into one of those houses where you're secretly asking yourself "is it okay if I put my stuff down here? Will your mom get mad if I sit on her fancy couch?"). They even have weird candy that you'd find in your grandma's candy dish. (2) Service: I was offered a foam cup with water. Oh, and they hung up my coat. The guy cutting & styling seemed to try to get to know me a little before we talked about how he would want to cut & style (he asked "soooo....what do YOU do?"). However, he seemed to write me off a little when I told him what I do for a living (research), and then seemed completely disinterested, and made me feel like I needed to be more entertaining. The girl at the front desk was very sweet. (3) My haircut! It was boring. He pretty much gave me a trim, even though I tried to engage my stylist in a dialogue ("I don't just want a trim, what do you think we should do? In the past I've gotten...I'm looking for something more..."). I've had plenty of different styles (long & layered, short, blunt bob, and all possible types of bangs, etc.) so when I just get a trim after I ask for expert advice...it's a little frustrating. **Essentially, in order for this stylist to give me an interesting cut, I needed to make sure he was having fun. I'm not expecting a stylist to read my mind, but when I engage in the "ooh, let's experiment with my hair" conversation, I don't care how tired or boring I may be, don't just give me a trim and then charge me $50.
I keep choosing this spa because its conveniently close to the house and I haven't regretted it once! The service is excellent, everyone is super friendly and the atmosphere relaxed. I dont know about everyone but I personally cringe when i need a haircut. I have a hairdresser back home I go to religiously for a "trim", he knows me, knows my mother, knows my voice and fears my bad haircut fits..Two years ago, I had two disastrous snips in a row (within 48 hours of each other) and after my hair grew back to say Im difficult at the hairdressers is an understatement.. I can though, happily and confidently direct you to Venelle spa to see Dimitri and get your hair trimmed. He is an excellent, efficient hairdresser who actually LISTENS. I was washed, trimmed and out in 30 mins..and thats about as long as I can sit without fidgeting..so for anyone that needs reassurance you can go to the Venelle spa and get a great haircut, I highly recommened it. :)
Venelle is the best. I've been going here since I moved to Brooklyn almost 2 years ago. As a holistic nutritionist, I search long & hard for businesses that use safe, organic, & natural products. After scouring the internet to learn that most green salons are in Manhattan, I was about to give up hope when I found Venelle. Their service is the best and their prices are even better for an organic experience. Other salons intentionally charge unnecessary premium prices because so many of us think that it's worth it and we have to pay it. Here, you not only get what you pay for, you get more. WHY 5 STARS? 1) AMBIANCE is like sitting in someone's Victorian decorated living room. No harsh chemical smells whatsoever, very relaxing, and smiles everywhere. 2) BEST ESTHETICIANS, like Michelle, Sabina, Luba. Michelle is my wax extraordinaire now, but I have had Sabina and Luba in the past and they are wonderful. If Michelle was sick or away and I needed something I would go to them graciously. There is an art to waxing and these women are Van Goghs (or rather Kandinsky because they are all Russian!). I have never experienced such little pain (or no pain) and precision anywhere else. Anywhere. 3) OWNERS know what they're doing. (a) Just got rid of mani/pedi stations (moved them to their other salon a couple blocks away, so not really gone) to build more massage and waxing rooms. While other customers might whine & complain, this shows good business sense to better accommodate the services that are their most popular. (b) If an esthetician doesn't measure up to their standards they go. I had one such experience with a waxer on 2 occasions that did not represent the true quality of their establishment (I am positive this is who the reviewers below; Mallory, Jeanne, and Hudson received their service from) and she is no longer there! 4) SOMETIMES they make mistakes. That's right. I gave 5 stars to a place that has made a mistake once when scheduling me. The service I got 99.99% of the rest of my time there completely outweighs this and I forgive abnormalities. No person and no business is perfect. What's important is that the business constantly wants to improve, correct mistakes, and provide the best service for their patrons.....Venelle does this!
When i walked in was greeted and left welcomed. I came here for a Brazilian wax with Donna.  If you come here for waxing services I highly recommend her. She's very friendly and knows what she's doing. Definitely coming back.
I had a Hungarian facial today with Delba. She was very professional, sweet and informative. She even gave me some samples to try. The spa did a little of everything, hair, facials, massages, and waxing. I plan on getting a wax Sunday or Monday. I would definitely recommend them and also plan on getting another facial in a month. Thank you for a nice experience
A co worker recommended Venell spa a few years ago when I was looking for a new hairstylist.  I was planning my wedding and needed hair and make up that was local for the big day. So I scheduled a facial with Sabina at first.  Fabulous is all I can say.  She extracted, scrubbed (gently), and moisturizer my face into a glow.  Also, a gentle face, shoulder and arm massage to finish it off.  Perfection.   I also had a massage from a very strong Russian lady whose name I have forgotten.  I wish I hadn't because I am writing this review because of an unpleasant experience today. Then I scheduled a trial make up session for my wedding day look with her.  I also scheduled a trial hair session with a hair stylist, whose name escapes me since its been 2 years.   The results were what I wanted for both.  For my big day, the hair person, urge I wish I remembered her name, messed it up in 2 ways.  Style wise it was kind of off, but the worst is that within an hour my hairstyle went flat! She didn't put enough hairspray or gel in my hair for the style to hold!  I had my hair done at noon, and all the pins had fallen out by 1:30!  Jerk.  As for my make up by Sabina, it was it June day, and my make up stayed perfect and didn't melt until I had been dancing for hours.  So all photos before 9pm were perfect, after that there was some smudging, but that was 10 hours of perfect make up that didn't muss at all!  She is the best! No hard sell on products, or services.  Just honest, and good work. So, I am writing this review today because I had a facial with Sabina again.  As expected she did a great job.  Love her. And I had a massage with some jerk, Lenin.  Disgusting.  Just gross.  I am revolted at the thought of it.  Yuck.  Stay away, far away.
An aggressively efficient bikini wax. And I mean that in the best way. I was out of there in like 15 minutes. The esthetician was nice, but didn't speak much. There was no chatter, just  "Brazillian? okay." and away we went. The products they used were great--no redness really at all. The front desk staff was friendly. I'd definitely go again if I were in the area and in need.
5 stars, mostly because of Olena.  I've gone for their brazilian wax and she consistently does the best job of anywhere I've ever been.  I walk away wondering how getting waxed could be so...enjoyable?  She understands sensitive skin and after a few visits there is hardly any discomfort anymore.  I'm a lifer!
After having an awesome waxing experience with Dana (Donna), I decided to book a long needed facial, particularly pre-Thanksgiving and pre-vacation. I just have to say, it was without a doubt one of the best facials that I've ever had. Dana, is sweet, good humored, and has a perfect light touch, but gets at ALL  those clogged pores. I also really like the products they use, organic and from Hungary- where my family is from.
I just returned from having my hair shorn at Venelle and it was a GREAT experience.  I chose them because I live a hop, skip, and a jump (actually you can probably even leave out the jump) away and because when I called at 9 this morning, they said they could fit me in at 9:30. Tez was my stylist and I will definitely be going back to her.  She looked at the pictures I brought in and actually LISTENED to what I wanted and then GAVE ME FEEDBACK on what she thought would look best on me.  Between the two of us we hit the nail on the head. For $65 (plus tip), I got a shampoo, condition, cut, blow-dry, and styling.  Not a bad deal for Park Slope where salons often try to charge you separately for the blow-dry and style (seriously, wtf?). Everyone on the staff was warm and friendly; and an added bonus, my roommate went in for a massage yesterday and said it was awesome. Yay Venelle.
The space was extremely clean and inviting.  They offered me tea (in styrofoam cups) and had a lot of candy to suck on.   It came up in my search for "Organic Spa Park Slope" and they did not use organic dye in my hair.  The guy said the dye had low ammonia content, I was kind of mad.   I also got a facial.  Both the facial and the coloring were very expensive.  The facial was quite nice.  The woman was very thorough and did an excellent job with it.
I had my eyelashes tinted by Luba and a bikini waxing. She is great!!  I am going back for a facial, so informative and gave me some samples to try from the natural products they sell. She was so sweet and by looking at her skin and  her suggestions, she knows what she is talking about. I will be back again.  Thanks Luba!! Margaret
I've been getting waxed here for at least 9 months. I see Sabina and she is absolutely wonderful! I've been getting waxed for many many years and she is one of the top two estheticians I've had. Sabina is fast, gentle and the pricing is great since NY prices can be astronomical. Today I decided to get a facial as well. It was amazing! She checked out my skin and let me know what would be best. I felt incredibly pampered and walked out with glowing skin! Venelle just happens to be around the corner from work so it's incredibly convenient. I can't speak for their haircuts but I'd send anyone here for a wax or a face treatment!
I went to Venelle for a facial and manicure.Everybody was very nice. My facial was with Violeta.She made sure I am comfortable and gave me the best facial massage.Really relaxing place and the products they use are pure organic.I end up buying a mask and moisturizer so I can maintain my skin in a natural way. I will recommend the place for sure.
Confessional!!! I'm a diva when it comes to my "beauty experts," (this includes: waxing, nails, tanning, and hair) Confessional #2, Im also semi cheap...so high quality with low prices in a nice/clean establishment is what i shoot for-BUT its not always easy to find! When I started spending more time in NY, my first thought was..."what the HE*L will I do without my my beauty posse in Los Angeles??" So there I was, new to NY and going to a different waxing place every four weeks till I found, THE ONE!  I have been to Venella at least 8 to 10 times now, and Michelle has officially become my new go-to-gal for getting waxed. Super thorough, (mucho important) sweet lady, never hard to get an appointment with, cute and clean spa, not painful...Michelle is just fabulous! Ladies, schedule an appointment for a Brazilian with Michelle. Your husbands, boyfriends, and partners can thank me later :)
I have been seeing Anna for my skin for almost two years now. She is hands down the best.  My skin has always been very temperamental and has a tendency to break out badly. Anna cleans out my skin so thoroughly that I have seen a HUGE improvement in the clarity and texture over time. If I am unable to see her for a few months and my skin starts getting bad again, it just takes one visit for her to work her magic and clear it right up. She is a perfectionist and does what it takes to get the job done. She really takes care of you, and is always so thoughtful and kind. I recently visited Vanelle to have my first microdermabrasion with Anna. It was a very comfortable experience and my skin looked fresh and bright the next day. Anna is top notch - I highly recommend her.
Slightly mixed review. The space itself is nice and welcoming and the treatment rooms though small, are well appointed and  soothing spa music is payed during treatments, which I enjoyed. Based on other reviews I chose Michelle to do my waxing (underarms, half leg and brazilian), which I now choose to review in two parts. I have been waxing for over a decade now and have been to numerous places in numerous countries ie. I know how it should go. First my underarms and the wax was put on in one go and taken off in one go. For all you yelpers who don't seem to know what is right etc., this is NOT correct procedure as hair grows in two directions here and should be waxed as such. This disappointed me, as it's such a basic treatment not done correctly that I thought the rest would go downhill. Currently therefore thinking 2 out of 5 stars. However, Michelle then moved onto downstairs, and it was the most meticulous bikini wax I have ever received. Michelle definitely knows her stuff waist down. She took her time throughout my whole treatment and I felt well looked after. She's also a very nice lady in general. Definitely recommend her for getting your lady parts done! So all in all, I only dropped one star because of the underarms, as the other 2 waxes made up for it. Zero stars for management who do not highlight that it's cash only for tips (found out when I went to pay. This is terrible and I felt bad for not leaving a decent tip as I had minimal cash on me. Seriously guys, you are doing your beauticians a disservice by not allowing tips on credit cards or not highlighting earlier. Such a shame too as the salon and staff are lovely, this one thing lets you down. Overall though, I do recommend this salon and will come again.
Venelle is a neighborhood gem, particularly for facials. I always go to Michelle, who is thorough, honest and leaves me looking and feeling great. She does the BEST extractions and spends way more time on extractions than any other facialist I've had. She's very gentle, both with the extractions and the applications of various products. She never tries to up sell you or get you to add services you don't need. She's also an excellent waxer. Before I went Michelle, I'd always break out after an upper lip wax--not with her.
Just went here for a Brazilian wax with Donna. She was quick, detailed, and friendly. I will definitely go back!
I visited during NYC Spa Week and I found Venelle to be a well-run, clean, modern, full-service spa. They were absolutely pleasant and helpful. The aestheticians were knowledgeable and truthful about products when I asked for some advice for my super oily skin. I had a wonderful facial there and my skin looked great afterwards. I was even treated to a lovely head & scalp massage (whew...glad i wasnt wearing a weave, lol). It was totally relaxing, the rooms were nicely dim-lit w/ a fresh clean fragrant smell and the beds were plush and comfy. I would definitely be on the lookout for more deals from here. Just looking at their services beyond Spa Week, the prices aren't bad. And I love the fact that they're located in a cool Brooklyn neighborhood where you can easily hop to lunch or a late dinner in the area after your treatment. Kudos Venelle!
I have come for waxing and massages before, which were both great so I will give it 2 stars. However, I just got a really bad haircut at this salon. I explained to my stylist (Christina) what I wanted, who cut 1" off, long layers into my bob and layers around my face as I requested. It looked a bit short when it was dried, so I told her, and she gave me attitude about how it was what I asked for. Fine, I did ask for it, but there were definitely pieces that came off that were longer than 1". I asked her to flat iron so I could see the true extent of the damage. I thought it was just her styling that made it look crooked. I walked out of the salon with a crooked part and my bangs all over the place because they had not been styled. I had a generally bad experience because she was rude and not helpful when I was clearly not happy with the result. I actually just came home, washed, dried, and restyled my hair myself. My hair is crooked, layers on one side of my face are 1" shorter than the other side, the layers are choppy with an inch "step" separating each part. I can't go out in public with this uneven haircut, so now I am going to another salon now to get it fixed... I feel really sad since the layers are so short and crooked, that I will have to lose a lot more length than I wanted to.
Very excited! The best esthetician ever! Very pleasant, thourough, gentle! Anna takes her time tocomplete the work! while laying there under the steam or mask, she is not just sitting there or going outside to relax-she is always there taking care of you. I had facials and microdermabrasion with Anna. Going to try electrolysis soon. My friend told me she is pretty fast, she is not taking her time to burn only 10 hair a minute:)LOL The truth is that you can feel how much she injoys what she does!!! I would definitley recommend to a friend!
Where do I begin... I purchased a microderm/facial package during the fall Spa Week. I usually go to a spa on 5th ave for a monthly facial, but decided to try this out based on the decent reviews and price.  Well, I guess you get what you paid for. The esthetician was nice enough, during small talk on our way to the room she mentioned she was new to the spa which may contribute to my horrible experience - once I got ready I expected she'd take a few minutes to ask what I'm looking for and to learn about my skin, she jumped right into the services.  She didn't do anything to prep me (IE didn't put anything around my head to prevent gunk from getting on my hair, which it did) so I immediately got annoyed. Anyway, to make a long story short she butchered my face.  I've had enough microderms to know bad technique.  She had the suction on FULL BLAST and I felt like my skin was being sucked in...well sure enough I had bruising on my neck because it was on so high and she was using the wand improperly. In addition, she was so harsh I had scratch marks on my face!   On to the facial part...she had the steam on high (both strength and temperature) I felt like my face was actually being burnt - because she stepped out of the room I had to push it away myself. Also, when she did the extractions she used her FINGER NAILS!  How disgusting and unhygienic! I know I should have said something to her and/or management at that time but I felt uncomfortable.  Hopefully those who are reading this will proceed with caution!
By far the most thorough, quick and painless Brazilian I've had. I'm so glad found this gem in my neighborhood.
I have been here for a Brazilian twice. I had never gotten one before, but I will keep going back as often as I feel necessary. The prices are really very reasonable and the service is absolutely excellent. Especially since I was nervous! They told me everything to do to help so it didn't hurt and were very patient with me. I had a different person each time and was happy with both experiences. I would recommend them to anyone and I may even travel here when I move away!
I went to Venelle for the first time today. At first I was excited to try it, having read some great reviews on Yelp. They were also able to fit me in for a last-minute bikini and brow wax before heading to an out of state wedding tomorrow, which was a plus. I don't get bikinis often and told the esthetician as such. She was very nice but overall I felt she was being a little too hasty with the ripping. My skin is seriously bruised and I bled following the bikini wax. It was awful. The brow wax went a little better but I'm still super irritated. They also didn't offer Neosporin in the waxing room immediately following the appointment which I have been offered at my regular wax place.  Unfortunately, I don't think I will go back here. Nice place and very courteous staff but not a good outcome for me, wax-wise.
New to the neighborhood (well New York in general) and it was time for a wax.  Decided to go to Venelle as it had good reviews and was close to me. Will not be going back. This woman didn't clean up wax that she LEFT one me. I couldn't go home after the appointment and walked around ALL day with wax stuck to me and my clothes. You'd think with all the wax she used she could have gotten rid of the stray hairs she left behind. Might have been spoiled in the past, but my old waxer was extremely meticulous with every aspect of the wax and NEVER left wax on me. Only positive was that she was nice.
I hate to be the only dissenter, but my experience with a Brazilian at Venelle was not so good a few weeks ago. In fact, it was the most painful waxing I've ever experienced. And I have a pretty high pain threshold. I actually made her stop because I just couldn't take it anymore. I've never bled before. Gross - ouch - yikes. I know your hair is getting ripped out by the follicle, but I've never had it feel like that before. It's a total bummer because it's so close to home. If you want your lady bits to stay intact, I'd try somewhere else first. I just gave two stars because the establishment was really beautiful and my esthetician was really sweet. But still - Yowza!
Shout out to my girl, Karen, for her crazy attention to detail and ability to carry on a friendly conversation during one of the most traditionally-awkward waxing services available. I'll see you in 4 weeks, boo.
Waxing review: Had the most painful and longest bikini wax of my life. Before the wax, I had the woman wax my eyebrows. She complained how she had to reshape them because the whoever did it last did such a bad job. I was too bashful to let her know that she was the one responsible. Facial review: Mediocre and pricey. ****EDIT MARCH 4, 2012: The owner emailed me and offered me another wax to help offset my bad experience. The estheticians this time around was really nice and did a much better job. But, I can't say I was blown away and would recommend this place to friends. It's my go to place if my regular place is booked.
Ready set GO! Just visited Venelle Salon and Spa for a Rio waxing (everything) and a deep tissue massage...both long overdo. I must say that after reading thru a few Yelp reviews I felt comfortable enough to make an appointment...I now know why they have such good reviews. I was greeted by a kind receptionist who found my appt w/o any problem and immediately went to get my masseuse. I was then greeted by Lukkana who took my downstairs into a small dim lit room with a massage bed, and candles. It was clean and also had a glass shower in the room as well. Lukkana gave me a wonderful 30-min deep tissue massage that helped relieve a lot of tension I had built up. She was gentle yet efficient which worked for me. After the massage I was offered some water and went back upstairs. Shorty after I was then greeted by Sabina, she is officially the best esthetician I ever been too and I highly recommend her. The waxing room was clean and neat, no signs of the previous person lol. Because it's been awhile she recommend I use two different waxes for certain areas and the outcome was prefect! Smooth and clean. Sabina was friendly and we chatted about practically everything, which helped take my mind off the pulling part. After both services I went back over to the receptionist who advised me of the Feburary special of 15% off all waxing that she had already took off my bill. I appreciate things like that because I was definitely going to inquire about it since I saw it advertised on their website. Overall Venelle Spa was a great treat for me and I will definitely be back!
BAD WAXING TECHNIQUE.  I came in for a very simple waxing procedure.  I've been to various places throughout Manhattan, and this time I decided to stay local and get it done at a place that has had decent wax reviews.  I am not a hairy person, and I don't have sensitive skin...so, it should be a simple enough procedure to not mess up.  I've been to upscale spas and crappy double-dipping salons, but I've never experienced such an outcome. I came out of there very Red...which didn't set off any alarms for me.  It's happened before, BUT that same night, on one patch of my skin, the red turned into an actual sore.  I had to put antibiotic cream on it.  WTF.  I did recall her repeatedly placing the cloth on one spot over and over and over as if to get one short hair out or something.  I think she ended up taking a very thin layer of skin off...as I could see the outline of the sore to be kind of like shiny raw skin.   Since I only did a wax treatment, I can't comment on any thing else.
It is really not possible to give less than 5 stars to a place that makes a Brazilian wax into an experience that does not resemble self-inflicted torture. I've been here twice now, for a Brazilian each time, and even though I've had 2 different aestheticians,  I walked away each time without feeling like I had just punished my poor innocent nether regions. The salon is also so clean, relaxing, and inviting. I'll definitely be back to try the other services offered.
I want to recommend this Park Slope Salon and Spa to everybody. They offer the best massages in Park Slope. I highly recommend the deep tissue massage and swedish massage. This Brooklyn Day Spa is more than just Salon and Spa. It's a full service and tatal comfort, unique spa experience, Their park Slope Salon and Spa remind me the old Russian Royal Times. This is the best Park Slope Salon and Spa I visited so far. The decor is at its highest end and the service and customer service is exceptional. The Swedish Massage was excellent and I'm sure I will be coming back to this Park Slope Salon and Spa before holidays.
Sabina, Sabina how do i describe her work? or art shall i say her art.. her hands are gentle swift and very detail oriented. I would have hugged her, but since i had on no pants; i figured it would be inappropriate lol. i went there to get a wax. got everything removed swiftly. This was my second time getting a wax in my life. because of her, i now know the previous spa i went to before wasnt as good. This is my new favorite spa! Sabina the next time i make an appointment, im bringing you flowers! lol
Decided on the spur of the moment to get waxed, and discovered that I was very lucky to have such a well rated spa in my neighborhood! I had a waxing appointment with Sabina this morning, and it was great. Waxing never feels great, but she set me at ease and was incredibly quick. She was very considerate of my extreme ticklishness, and was sure to ease the (minimal) discomfort any way possible. I'll definitely return.
This review is for the Brazilian Wax.   I called and gave my name and number and made an appointment for a hard wax appointment.  I was very clear about it, and even told the receptionist that I did not like strip wax, so I am happy to pay the $20 more for the hard wax. The waxer, Bealta, was great.  Very fast.  Very sweet.  However, no one ever told her it was a hard wax brazilian, and her hard wax wasn't ready.  It was a hard rock of wax, and what could I do?  I was already laying there.  So, I had a strip wax.  It wasn't terrible.  However, I would still have preferred the hard. I asked the receptionist what I would need to do next time to insure a hard wax.  and she said it didn't matter.  what?  she said every waxer has hot wax in their room.  Ok, so what can I do next time to make sure the hot wax is turned on?  She said there's nothing I can do.  It was the waxer's fault.   I had never been there before, and I most likely won't be back.  Take a little more pride in what you do, Vanelle.
I have never had a problem at Venelle before, I go there regularly for eyebrow waxes from Sabina or Luba who have both done wonderful jobs. However, today I got an eyebrow wax from Olena and was incredibly disappointed and offended, I almost walked out of the place mid wax. She began by telling me I have dry skin and that if I don't moisturize I will get premature wrinkles (I am 22 and actually tend to have oily skin, so who knows what she was talking about). She complained that the last person had messed up when they waxed my eyebrows (one of her colleagues) and pressured me to agree with her by basically calling me spineless. I told her that my eyebrow shape was the not my top priority in life and she went on to explain the importance of having an opinion by telling me she didn't like my clothes.... She said that if I trimmed my eyebrows I would grow "man eyebrows". Overall I felt offended and extremely uncomfortable. I will not be returning here.
I went back to Venelle for another Spa Week facial and it was amazing. The esthetician was really thorough while also being gentle. The products all smell heavenly, and I did leave with glowing skin. I'm thus changing my review to a full five stars, I will come back for more!
I don't usually like facials, but I recently had a great waxing experience with Karen, and she had suggested the Hungarian Organic facial. I'm so glad I decided to try it out! The facial was truly 5 stars, Karen was a pro, gentle, thorough and relaxing, and my skin was really glowing when she was finished. However, I'm giving the experience 4 stars instead of 5, because the salon is a little rough around the edges with details. Hardly anyone speaks English. I would have preferred a soft sheet to lie on instead of crinkling paper, and we were interrupted by another staff member bustling in and rushing us out while my esthetician was advising me for skin care at the end. The salon is clean and comfortable, the prices are reasonable, and I will definitely be back soon to see Karen for follow up on waxing and skin care!
Service sucks!!! The lady who waxed me didnt know what she was doing.  Horrific experience!!!!!
I've experienced better massages the gentleman who did it was very rough and when I told him I was in pain he said its because I'm so tense... ok I think I know my body.  the facialist was a lot nicer but was subpar she talked too much which prohibited me from really enjoying the facial. Save your money and go somewhere else.
I've been here twice for waxing and I won't be trying anywhere else. This is a great place especially if you live in locally and the prices are reasonable. I had a full leg, eyebrow and bikini wax on my first appt. My beauty therapist was very thorough and professional, the salon was clean and relaxing and there was a general nice atmosphere about the place. I was really happy with the results of my bikini and leg wax but not so keen on my eyebrows (this is why I am taking half a star) there was nothing really wrong with my eyebrows I just prefer threading so I should have stuck to this. The reason for the other half star missing was that the therapist made me feel a little uncomfortable when I told her that I was living with my fiance before we got married, she said that girls where she came from could not do that (wtf?) Apart from that comment she was very nice and I was happy with the overall experience. My second visit I was back for leg wax and bikini again. I had a different therapist this time but still the same great level of service and happy with the results. This will be my go to place for waxing while I live in Park Slope!
I've never written a Yelp review; didn't think I really needed to. However, I HAD to for this place. I came here based on the reviews on Yelp. First off, they're extremely friendly, welcoming, and helpful. I went in for an emergency Brazilian as I am going on vacation and my regular wax place was too far. I've only gotten hard wax before and going in, I was a little nervous because I did not know what the waxer was going to use. OLENA is amazing!! She made me feel very comfortable and she's definitely a very knowledgeable professional. She informed she was using strip wax which made me a little concerned. She assured me it was going to be painless and she was definitely not lying. I was so used to feeling like my skin was being ripped off with duct type and this experience was painless and pleasant. She doused me with baby powder first and for the first time ever, waxed in the direction of the hair versus straight down (maybe I've just had not so good experiences and figured the uncomfortable things were normal). After all was said and done, she cleaned up not leaving a single hair, put a cooling gel around. She did an amazing job and was very informative as well. She said the hard wax used before on me was the wrong kind for my type of hair (thin and not coarse which is why it felt like my skin was being ripped off.) I will def be returning regularly. I've made it my new wax place; also help it's much easier to get to and more accessible than the other place I used to go to. Also great that this spa offers massages and other spa services all in one place. Great atmosphere as well.
I have been to Venelle twice for a haircut. I have long, straight hair. The first time I went, I got a pretty good haircut. I was able to make the appointment the same day and just as everyone has said, the space was beautiful, clean and elegant. I have gotten better haircuts in other salons, but for much higher prices, so I am willing to compromise a bit. I don't remember the name of the woman who cut my hair, but she was very friendly and responsive to what I wanted. I ended up being happy with the cut. The second time I went, I also made the appointment same day. I saw a man whose name starts with an A (Andrew or Anthony, I think?). Anyway, I got there early and he was able to take me early, which was nice. I had a picture for him to go by, which he looked and and ok-ed before we started. He told me how much he would need to take off to get rid of my split ends. Good so far. I told him that I didn't want my hair to be dried, as it was at least 90 degrees out that day and that I wanted some long layers. Then, he got to work. That was the fastest haircut I have ever received - maybe 20 minutes if that. I have long (down to the middle of my back) hair and usually the person will pin layers of it up, cut some, let more down, cut more, etc. Then at the end they will take time to shape it. He pretty much cut all of it all at once, took some time with my bangs (which came out ok, but I've liked them much more as they've grown out) and called it a day. No shaping, no layering like I'd asked. Then he went to get lunch. I walked out feeling like I'd been chewed up and spit out. Was it that I didn't want it dried? That I don't look like a high maintenance kind of person? That he was hungry? I don't know. And recently, I've realized that I still have split ends - not 3 weeks after I paid $60 to get rid of them! So not only did he not shape my haircut the way I'd asked, but he didn't do the job he said he would. Enough. I will try to go back once more and get someone else, but I am never having him again. Look out.
Never have I've been  as pissed as I am after walking out of vanelle spa! If you favor customer service this place is NOT FOR YOU!  Yes, this may be in beautiful nook of Brooklyn and have beautiful decor by the wax specialist I've encountered , almost seemed to be part demon.  As I walked into the spa, I was greeted by the receptionist ( very pleasant) and taken downstairs to the wax room. As I prepared the specialist informed me that my rio would be 90 dollars after I confirmed my price through the reservation a couple hours prior for 60 dollars ! I wanted clarification so I went back upstairs to the receptionist where the specialist was not only extremely loud and uncouth but saying that she told me 70 instead of 90.. Which is still not 60.  I almost settled for 70 dollars for the wax but as I went back downstairs, the specialist whom is clearly Russian with a thick accent,says " you must not know English well!?" Taken back by the irony of that comment , I got dressed and left .  The price is never a concern when it is great service .  This place has been one of the worst facilities i ever went to .  You've been warned .
I brought my mom here for an organic dye job and it was a phenomenal experience.  She wanted to cover a few gray hairs, and the colorist suggested an organic hair dye.  She matched my mom's color perfectly, and was pleasant without being overly chatty throughout the process.  They also have tea, coffee, and even wine out for the adventurous on a sunny Saturday morning.  She then gave her a great blowdry ending with a brief stint with the flat iron.  Her hair looks fantastic and we will definitely be back.  I am curious about their facials as well.  I recommend it for anyone in the area, they are really great!
For some reason, it never occurred to me to get waxed at a neighborhood salon as opposed to in the city where I work.  I'm so glad I tried out Venelle this past weekend.  The staff is all very friendly and courteous (they even called me to let me know that they were running 15 min behind in their schedule), the salon itself feels very clean and organized yet warm and inviting and most importantly, the service was fantastic.  I had Luba for my wax and she was meticulous, using both small strips and tweezers, and she made me feel very comfortable.  Prices are very reasonable too.  I will be making Venelle where I get my wax regularly!
Lana cut and colored my hair. I went in there based on the Yelp reviews. I desperately needed a cut and color. I am never happy with the way my hair looks right after I get it done. And this was no different. However, after a couple of days I got used to it and now am a totally happy-camper. I get lots of compliments on my hair style and color. I might be going back there, but it was really expensive... like 230$ for cut and color. Maybe I'll just never adjust to New York prices.
I had to write a review, went in today for my first brazilian and it was no where near how i expected. Sabina was really nice made it painless and chatted the whole time. Def will b returning.
Well. Went in for a brow wax and since the price was right I thought I would give it a try. Though I made an appointment with sabina who other yelpers raved about, the scheduler somehow ended up putting me with Lupa. However,I didn't know until I checked out and went to tip.  Lupa was amazing and did a really great job. Will be going back again for sure!
I actually had to create a Yelp account just because I love Venelle spa!  I have over processed hair that has been dyed too much and I have a LOT of it. Not to mention it is curly and thick! Not easy to deal with! I go to see ANTHONY @ Venelle and he is amazing! He has colored my hair and have recieved such an awesome cut. Great layers, amazing color and he is a really cool guy! I have been back three times and he is consistently good! Would highly reccomend his services!
I am not a salon person but I needed a nice haircut for an event. I had walked by this place hundreds of times while I lived in the area. I called in at 11 got a 12:30 appointment for a Men's cut. It was great. My hair looked great, it was not crazy expensive. I am planning on going back.
Even though Vetta only ever does my eyebrows, she treats them like she is performing surgery... taking her time, making me sit up before lying down and plucking here and there.  She makes me feel like a celebrity and brings me ever so slightly closer to looking like one (for a couple of days at least) with my perfectly symmetrical, arched brows. Vetta, you're addictive!
Have been going here for a couple of months. Love the service. I see Sabina and she is wonderful, excellent waxing. The prices are also really reasonable.
Got a bikini wax here from Anabell and won't go anywhere else! It's a very comfortable setting and she made me feel less terrified then I was! Very quick and efficient!
Annabell is a waxing genius! She is cheerful, kind, and skilled at what she does.  I also got my hair cut with Lana who did a great job. Overall this place is professional yet not overpriced. I highly recommend.
I have had bikini and brazilian bikini waxes at many, many different places in New York City. I can honestly say that Sabina at Venelle salon is the most professional, most skillful, and least painful waxer I have encountered. I have gone to other salons because of price and convenience, but I keep coming back to Venelle because Sabina is so knowledgable and pleasant. Brazilian bikini waxes are not fun, but this is as good as it gets if you really want one. LOVE Sabina.
I had a deep tissue massage here. The masseur was a Thai gentleman who's very gentle and courteous. He used a special Thai menthol oil on the back of my neck and shoulder. And it magically fixed my bad muscle ache for weeks. I was amazed afterwards. And he even spent a few extra minutes on my injured wrist (from a bad car accident 2 months ago) after he finished his massage service. The only thing I had to complain is the size of that room. It's sooo tiny that literally fits a bed and nothing else. It seemed a little bit crowded, but oh well, guess everything is smaller in NY, can't expect a prefect world.
The first time I went for a wax it was pretty bad!  I went back on a different day for my next wax because the place is close to where I live and got really lucky!!  If you want a good wax ask for Sabina she was really awesome, she was fast and it didn't hurt that bad!
I went to Venelle for a full leg & Brazilian wax and I couldn't have been happier. Michelle was very thorough and made the environment extremely comfortable (as comfortable as one can feel while getting their hairs ripped out of their delicacies). I took away a star because it's $20 extra to take off EVERYTHING. What I call a Brazilian, they call a Rio so just be aware of that when booking your appointment! Aside from that little faux pas, I will definitely be back.
I needed a wax and didn't feel like schlepping into the city on a weekend to my usual spa so I made a zero-fuss-same-day-appointment at Vanelle. After ten years of brazilians Annabel gave me the quickest, least-painful wax I've ever had. Seriously, she's amazing. The whole thing took less than 7 minutes- I'm not kidding. Even better, she gave me some great tips for post-wax care to prevent my usual week of irritation and ingrowns. And not a single missed hair!
The brazilian wax Sabina gave me was one of the quickest, least painful and meticulous ones I ever got. She is also very, very sweet, so I would recommend her to anyone. The pedicure was also good, the only reason I am not giving five stars is that the girl doing it did not remove the dead skin from my heels and toes. The massage chairs are a big bonus.
Atmosphere is lovely and very welcoming. Waxing is great. Very comfortable and very private. Haircut was okay. Stylist kept looking at his cell phone, which was a little irritating and the cut itself was good, but nothing special.
Best massage I've ever had in my life. Purchased the couples massage. For it, we were brought downstairs into the couples room. We were welcomed by a faux fireplace, soothing music, and the faint scent of eucalyptus. Immediately you're put at ease. From there you're not just massaged, these masseuses are artists. Its as if they are maestros of symphony. Every move and stroke is deliberate and poetic. It's been 24 since I've gone and I'm still at ease and in another world. I would do this again in a heartbeat.
Excellent waxing and hair cut experience. Tell them exactly what you want and they'll deliver! It's been a looong time since I've been in for a bikini wax and I was definitely dreading it. However, Michelle made me feel very comfortable. In fact, I felt minimal pain considering the circumstance. Price for a high bikini and lip wax was $50. After I was done with Michelle, I got a wash and cut from Dimitry for $60 (I have long hair). I was specific about how I wanted it to look and he did a great job. He got my layers and bangs to fall exactly how I had hoped. Everyone, except maybe the receptionist, was very friendly. I saw some ladies getting mani-pedis. I might try that next time I go back. Very pleased!
I just wanted to add that its over two years since writing this post and I'm still going to Sabina regularly. Always a wonderful experience - highly recommend her!
I very very rarely get any waxing done. However before my vacation I went to Venelle for a "brazilian bikini." I knew after reading reviews that this wasn't a traditional everything-goes brazilian. But I have to say, ALMOST everything goes! I had a fantastic, friendly esthetician, Olena, who I definitely plan to see again. I have extremely sensitive skin and she did a great job keeping that in mind. Will definitely return!
I absolutely LOVE Venelle! I've been going there for 2 years and have had consistently great experiences. Yuto does my massages, he does Thai massage and combines some great techniques for me. Anthony is the only person I'd ever let do anything to my hair. He mixes colors and just knows what looks good. It's so hard to find a good stylist that you can trust. Best of all though I think is Michelle... She does my facials and is FANTASTIC. The whole experience start to finish is divine. It's so relaxing and my skin GLOWS afterward. She is a miracle worker. I have terrible, red skin and every time I walk out of an appointment with her my skin is clean, fresh and the redness disappears. She's also a really great person. We've had some great discussions, but she also knows when I just want to relax. You get a massage when she puts on the mask, which is a great bonus. Overall, I get alot of spa treatments from various places, but Venelle is the most consistent and I can get just about everything done here (they don't do mani/pedis anymore, but I'd rather go to a dedicated nail place for that anyway)- the prices are also very fair.
I am a 29 year old male, and I just recently had a haircut here with Tess. Probably the best haircut I have received in over a year. This haircut was around $30 and she did an amazing job. I am fairly particular about my hair, and she listened to everything I said, but still was not afraid to cut hair like she knows how to and use her judgment. I called the day of to get this appointment. Easy walk from the 7th Ave subway stop. Despite being a spa also apparently, a man should feel comfortable to go in just for a haircut.
Venelle Spa in Brooklyn is a great salon. I went in the place randomly last month for a quick manicure and I was impressed by the quality of the service and the great care given by the employees. I came back last week for a pedicure with a different person and I was treated to the same level of quality. I truly recommend it and will definitely go back plus the decoration in the salon is really elegant and everything is clean.
This is the spot for waxing.  I've been getting bikini and upper leg waxes for 20 years.  I am picky and have really sensitive skin (in other words: it hurts--I don't chill and read a magazine when I'm getting waxed--I'm squirming in pain!).  But Venelle is awesome.  Both Luba and Sabina are amazing--thorough, painless as possible, sweet.  AND the price actually reflects the service, versus places like Shoba (god bless 'em for their convincing business model), which is ridiculously overpriced. I'm a convert.  I fear the day they close.  Go.  It's a no-frills, lovely environment.  I'm def. going to check out their facials, too.  They rock.
I am very picky.   Discovered Venelle Salon & Spa a little over a year ago.  The owner, Dimitri, cut my hair.  One year plus on and I still go to Dimitri for a great haircut.   Cannot go wrong.
I got regular bikini and full legs waxing with Luba. She did a great job, fast (45 mins) and as painless as it can be.  She even gave me a little complimentary leg massage when she applied the lotion at the end. I loved the calming music and the fact that she did not try to talk to me the whole time so I could kind of "relax". the place is super clean, elegant and beautiful. I recommend it to anyone!!
I've been to Venelle twice for waxes (high bikini and lip), and both times I had Michelle. I've been to dozens of salons all over the world for bikini waxes, and this has been one of the best. The price is VERY reasonable, the rooms are comfortable, and Michelle is very friendly and experienced.
I typically come here for waxing services. Sabina is an expert in painless waxing and Luba has a personal vendetta with body hair. Both are excellent. They also make a point of keeping notes in their customer database to know what you're sensitive to and your preferences just in case you are seen by someone you don't typically see. This week I desperately needed a massage. I assumed that one of the aestheticians would be doing it; au contraire! Yudo, a professionally trained thai masseur, came in and worked magic. I am still in awe of his strong, but very soft hands, which really make a difference, especially with a face massage. Migraine relief is his specialty. I must have been drunk with relaxation, because I made a last minute decision to have a pretty drastic hair cut. I've got fine, thin, frizzy hair -- not pretty or easy -- and so I typically hate haircuts and cry when I get them. Tez knew exactly what to do with this lousy mop. She chopped off my hair, and gave me bangs and layers - sounds like a horror story waiting to happen, right? She nailed it! Such a good hair cut, it looks great even when just air dried. Thanks, everyone, for a truly transformative experience, in what is genuinely a full service spa! Not one person doing each service, but a specialist for each service. I'm glad I took the plunge to try something new.
Anna is simply a MIRACLE WORKER !! I never had perfect skin before and Anna has proved to me that it is achievable. I am now a regular with Anna, but even from my first facial I saw major improvement. You can tell that Anna is really passionate about her job and she definitely knows what she's doing. Anna gave me amazing skin care advice that I now incorporate into my daily routine. Coming from a person that suffered with bad skin for years, i can truly say that Anna is the best out there !
This place is amazing! I went for a 1 hour Sweedish massage with Lenin and it was the best massage I have ever had. It was so good I recommend Lenin to my cousin who went the next day and is still talking about how wonderful it was. The ambiance inside Venelle is great and you feel incredibly well cared for. My sister also went for a massage and we talk about how fabulous our experiences were.
I only come here for Brazilian waxes, but I'm totally satisfied. I stopped going to another salon that I used to go to on 5th ave when they attempted to start working on me with no gloves :-( I must say this place hygienically-safe, as they don't have to be asked to wear gloves, and they don't double-dip! However, what most know as a Brazilian (the-everything-goes-down-there), they call "The Rio". It's a little more expensive than what I'm used to, but they do a great job. The first time I went, Anna took care of me....she was great. The second time, Sabina took care of me.....she was amazing as well. Sabina seems to be a crowd favorite, but I would utilize the services of either one of these ladies. If I asked to have some spots done over again or if they might have missed a spot, they gladly went over it again. The salon is also aesthetically-pleasing and the waxing rooms are spacious. Bottom line, I don't see myself going anywhere else :-)
i walked in last week for a bikini wax that i needed desperately before the holiday weekend. they have 3 types of bikini wax, which is just what i was looking for.  i chose the middle-of-the-road "high bikini wax" a little bit more bare than a regular bikini, but nothing as drastic and eye-tearing as a brazillian. Lola was awesome. she was friendly and had a great sense of humor.  she also really knows what she's doing with sensitive skin.  i usually break out afterwards, but even a week later, everything looks great! no double dipping, either! she measured out how much wax she needed and just put that in a little pan on the heater, and used a metal spatula, which gets autoclaved (sterilized) after each use. the price was right, too, $30 for a great "high bikini" wax. i highly recommend this place for waxing, and will be back.
I got the most pain-free (or maybe I should say least painful) bikini wax of my life here.  Yelena was thorough and had a good sense of humor, and the whole place was comfortable and friendly.  And the prices were totally reasonable!  To the extent you can possibly enjoy a bikini wax, take three Advil and go here.
This was my first time getting a Brazilian wax, and only my second or third time ever getting a bikini wax.  I chose Venelle and asked for Sabina based on other yelp reviews - and I'm so glad I did!  Sabina was very friendly and made me feel very comfortable, and I was surprised at how low-pain the process was.  I told her it was my first Brazilian wax and she was very gentle and explained everything she was going to do.  It hurt a lot less than I expected!  It was very clean too.  Nice job Venelle and thanks Sabina!  Good price too!
I stopped in for a bikini and brow wax, and Lola is fantastic.  The bikini bit was ... less painful than usual (which, hey, is all you can ask for, right?).  On top of that, she's hilarious and friendly and the whole thing (brow + wax) was $40, which I think is a steal.  I will go back and have recommended to friends.
So I've been wanting to get a Brazilian wax forever.  I just never came around to do it.  I'm now 5 months pregnant and it's become a bit hard for me to shave. Anyways I sucked it up and went to Venelle's.  I read all the reviews on here and it was the best thing I did.  Many reviews mentioned Sabina so I asked for her.  Called at 5:30 ahead an appointment for 6:30.  As this was my first time doing it I was of course a bit nervous.  She eased me and made me feel very comfortable.  I'm not going to lie... It hurts!! But only for a second.  She was quick, gentle and very knowledgeable.  And for $40 bucks you can't beat that.  I will definetely be going back in 6 weeks!
Olena was the best waxer EVER. I got a high bikini wax she was quick and the results were awesome. It was my second wax and by far a better experience. I wouldn't go so far as to say painless but it wasn't was painful as my 1st experience and she talked me through everything, made me feel very comfortable. I love her definitely going back. Thanks again Olena
Savina gave me the best facial of my life. And I love me a good facial. She was so sweet and knowledgable. Place was nice. Price was great. Really happy I went there. It ain't D'mai in terms of luxurious experience but I'm thrilled.
I went in for a bikini wax and I was super nervous. This is my third time getting a wax service done in general, and my first time here. Luba put all my worries to rest. She was thorough, friendly and knowledgable. This is officially my waxing salon!
I had a great wax and pedicure experience at Venelle and plan to return. The prices weren't outrageous and the service was awesome--they offered me free snacks and beverages and everyone was very nice.
I decided to go to Venelle because it's local and they have great reviews. I wanted to get a brazilian for the first time in about 4 years and wanted to try to make sure that I wasn't going to be disappointed. I had stopped getting them originally because I kept ending up with imperfect waxes - stray hairs, wax left on me, uneven hair - and that combined with the pain factor and cost factor was just too much. I saw Sabina last night and she is AMAZING! A brazilian is always going to hurt, no way around that, but she was so quick and kept me chatting that I really could just detach from the pain. The whole thing took 15 minutes and it is PERFECT! Not a stray, not a bit of wax, perfectly even and she totally listened about how much I wanted taken off. The price is great too. The salon is also in an old brownstone and they have done a lovely job converting the basement area to a cozy, friendly space. All the massage, waxing, facial treatment rooms are down there and it's quite comfortable. Definitely recommended.
A bikini wax is never a particularly enjoyable experience, but Venelle has a great ambiance and Luba, my aesthetician (what a weird term), was lovely--the perfect balance of friendly and business-like.  And it was only $20!  I'm definitely headed back.
This place is terrible, its been over two weeks since getting my facial from hell & I'm still not healed... while the scabs have fallen off what remains are dark hyperpigmented areas all over my face.  Before this I had really good skin & often received compliments for how healthy my skin appeared ~ now I am so self conscious.  This place did give me my money back but that hardly compensates for what will prove to be a long recovery process.  Do not get a facial here they do NOT know what they are doing.
Gem in Park Slope. I have incredibly sensitive skin and have been many top spas in the city. Lupa gave me one of the best Brazilian's I have ever had. But as important she went out of her way to make the experience less uncomfortable. I also got a great manicure. In general the place is very relaxing and everyone who worked there was great. I will for sure go there again.
I stopped into the new salon & spa Voluspa last week to see if they could "fix" my haircut that another Park Slope salon managed to butcher. I was greeted by the owner, who was extremely friendly and listened to my hair woes. He reassured me that they would make me "look beautiful." I was passed off to Gatto, one of the stylists there. He did an amazing job on my hair! He was very detail oriented and took his time to make sure it was perfect. I walked out of there with a haircut that made me feel like a movie star. Based on the excellent service I received, I will definitely be back for haircuts and spa services.
I'm a couple weeks shy of giving birth and was in need of some pampering, so I made an appointment at Venelle for a prenatal massage, bikini wax and mini pedicure.  Valentina did my bikini wax and she was very conversational throughout...she's good at distracting you from the task at hand.  I can't say it was painless, but she made it as easy as it can be.  The highlight of the day was getting the prenatal massage with Ae.  She is a very talented masseuse.  She is Thai and I left wondering if she did a prenatal version of Traditional Thai massage on me.  I've had a couple of other massages in the neighborhood during my pregnancy, but it seems that everyone wants to be too careful with me...not using enough pressure.  Ae is very skilled and applied the right amount of deep pressure consistently throughout the massage.  I left feeling renewed and beautiful.  I highly recommend this spa.
I was visiting NYC this past weekend and I went to Venelle for a brazilian wax. My esthetician was Sabina and she was wonderful. She was as painless as the waxing could be. Very knowledgeable and professional. If I could I would come up once a month from overpriced DC so I could get waxed. Definitely recommend Sabina and Venelle Spa for any waxing that needs to be done. The Spa is clean neat and the staff are courteous. No complaints from me!
I recently moved to the area and was looking for a place to get an inexpensive, relatively pain-free bikini wax.  Thank goodness I found Venelle salon!  The reviews on Yelp about the employee Sabina are spot-on--she's the most personable, professional and best waxer I've encountered in the 4 years I've been getting waxed.  The entire experience was pretty much painless and very quick (under an hour for both legs and brazilian bikini wax).  The price for the bikini wax is very reasonable ($40?) and they also have a promotion for full legs plus bikini for $60.  My only complaint was that I made the appointment thinking I'd be paying $60, but my bill came to $90 because I got the brazilian--my fault for not reading the fine print.
Even though spa is walking distance and I've biked or walked by dozens of times I've never gone in.  I usually go into manhattan for facials but decided to try them for the first time for spa week and booked a microdermabrasion facial.  Luba was great, very conscientious about not irritating my sensitive skin and I felt very comfortable and relaxed in her hands.  Will recommend to by friends and definitely go back.
Ae (that's her name!) is Fabulous, she is one of the best massage therapists ever.
