Love this place! Came here based on all the positive yelp reviews and was not disappointed.   I get in and out so quickly for my Brazilian bikini wax, it's stupendous! I haven't tried any of their other services so I can't offer any insight there but I definitely recommend the waxing services-expertly executed.
Been a regular here for almost 2 yrs now and I will keep coming back because the ladies are very professional and never so much as bats an eye when I am lax about scheduling my appts. I usually ask for Alla or Irene, the former for her soft-spoken, calming presence and the latter for her motherly TLC. Walk-ins are also accommodated fairly easily -- I waltzed in the Fri before 4th of July and only had to wait 10 min to be seen -- but be aware that you do risk getting one of the "tough-love" estheticians who like to berate you for waiting too long in-between appts, or for wincing too much.
I typically try to reserve my waxes for when I go home to Baltimore but was in desperate need.  After scouring yelp multiple times, I decided to go with J'Aime and I'm really glad I did.  I don't like to pay tons of money for waxes (although I would if it came down to it) and $35 for a brazilian is definitely awesome for NY.   I had Natasha for my wax and she was great.  There wasn't any double dipping.  She used a breathing technique (a little different from the one used at my home location but still really great).  She kept me talking the entire time, too, which also helped to distract me.  Although, overall it was definitely one of the more painless waxes I've gotten (but I've been doing this regularly for over a year).  She was really thorough and 8 days later there really isn't any growth.  Maybe a couple missed hairs here and there but nothing to cry about.   One thing that was a little weird was that the bed was next to the wall so I had to lift my leg up and rest it up against there.  I'm used to having the bed in the middle of the room, but it was no big deal.   Just a couple notes: J'Aime uses strip wax.  I've never had hard wax so I don't quite know the difference, but strip wax is really efficient. They move quickly and seem to turnover clients quickly; my appointment was for around when they opened and there were already several girls inside.  I was in and out within 25 minutes (including the wait time and I was early).  I read some reviews about how it seems like a doctor's office inside the treatment rooms, which it does.  Personally, I don't mind it since it's a quick treatment and getting hair waxed isn't exactly the most relaxing experience anyway.  I'm happy as long as it's clean, inexpensive, and a job well done.  J'Aime definitely fits the bill for me and I plan to go back before school ends and I go home. I called for my appointment a week in advance and I would probably only go with an appointment.   And don't forget that tips are cash only
I have come to J'aime a few times before.. its always clean and efficient. The price is great- 35$. You need an appointment, they are always busy.. No last minute run-ins! You have to be on time- I was 5 minutes late for my appointment, and I ended up having to wait half an hour for someone to be free. Sometimes a bummer! I never had a favorite... last time, my esthetician was Angela... she was AWESOME! I don't get Brazilians very often, because I am afraid of the pain... she taught me a breathing technique, joked around and made sure I am very relaxed.. It was my first painless (relative scale) Brazilian ever! Definitely going back... but only to Angela!
So in all fairness... I decided to give this place one more shot. I made an appointment with the ever-so-popular Natasha... And I gotta say... She made me a fan. Shes quick, thorough, funny, and adaptable. Her job was very clean and fast. She had a very interesting technique of  slapping my thigh before each pull of the strip during my bikini wax... Which I guess made me focus on the sharp pain of the smack and I barely felt the sharp pull of the waxing! Genius!! Sure my thigh was a little unusually red, but it left my waxing to actually be a lot less painful! And trust me... the redness on my leg left in less than half an hour... compared to my last waxing who's redness didn't leave for a good 2 weeks... I'll be back... I'll keep you all posted!
Ouch!!! Just the thought of an impending brazilian has my forehead beading with sweat. Can't take any stars off for the pain because any time you have hair ripped out by the root IT WILL BE PAINFUL, NO MATTER WHAT! Unless you've had some kind of traumatic injury to your nether region that has deadened all of your nerve endings, brazilians hurt, a lot. That being said, the experience wasn't horrible. It was super quick and efficient. Like most, I was in and out in around 10 minutes. I had Natasha, she was great of course. We did the breathing exercises, and she did the leg slapping thing to help detract from the pain. I couldn't tell if she double dipped, but did notice she wasn't wearing gloves. I subtracted a star because I left with quite a bit of wax down there, and my after shower inspection revealed some strays. I'm due for my next appointment, I will be requesting Natasha, I will be arriving on time (very important), and I will be prepared with an airplane sized bottle of Grey Goose, maybe two. I feel the sweat starting to bead.
I will never let another person use wax to pull hair out of my body again.   Olga is fantastic.  She understands that the experience by nature is going to be painful, and does a lot of help ease that stress.  She uses baby powder before beginning (which helps keep wax from sticking to bare skin), she distracts you with little taps on your leg during the more sensitive spots, and she is quick.  The entire brazilian process took ten minutes.   Also, it's only $35, which is an amazing deal for such a high quality wax.   A tip for new(ish) wax getters:  It is better not to shave in between waxes.  This was the first time I didn't "clean up" a bit before getting waxed again, and it dramatically lessened the pain.  I don't know if it's because the hair is less blunt (from the razor) or what, but it was much much easier.  Another esthetician told me that, and I'm glad I listened.
As good as a brazilian gets in NYC at $30 a pop. Natasha is my beautician of preference. I've had one other woman...forget her name. She was fine, but Natasha is finer---reserve her if you can!
Came here based on all of these good reviews on Yelp. Was not disappointed. I had Alla do a full-leg + full-arm + eyebrow wax. Big job in record time. Her technique made it as painless as possible. Very efficient. She was also very nice and kind. I would come here more often if it wasn't so far from me--I live and work in Brooklyn. Took one star off for being a bit pushy on getting more services. P.S.: I did not find the receptionist rude at all. Maybe I caught her on a good day.
Both NYMag & Daily Candy have HIGHLY recommended this spa, which is why I tried it. Natasha runs a tight (and spotless!) ship!! For about $30 you can get one of the best Brazilians in the city. I've been to both Lena and Natasha and they are awesome. They're super nice to first-timers, coaching you through some simple little breathing exercises. But if you're looking for excessive hand-holding and and somebody to wave lavender under your nose and meditate with you....you should probably go to one of those big spas and pay for a $100000 wax (or let's be honest, maybe you're not ready for wax). These ladies take their job seriously, and do it well. They're like your feisty Russian aunts who want to get you cleaned up (for a fraction of the cost of other spas), hear about your boyfriend troubles, then get you out the door and back to your day. No dilly-dallying, just straight-up good waxing in a super clean and efficient spa.
I came here on a whim and I was at the Port Authority yelping waxing places and this one had pretty decent reviews for their Brazilian wax. Problem is, I came for an eyebrow wax. I typically go to your hole in the wall Asian run places and usually leave satisfied. This place looked far from that. (non-asian/not that it matters, its just what i was used to) The facility itself is located on the second floor of what seems to be a residential apartment but the place was very clean. The problem I have is that I really didn't like the way my brows looked after she was done. They looked like the kind of job I could have done on myself. In fact, I went home to fix the job she did. The quality of service I paid ($15 plus tax which I think is stupid) was not worth it. I've had better jobs done by hole in the wall asian ladies for $5. Be warned. DO NOT come here for an EYEBROW WAX.
I just got back from my second appointment using a groupon and I am extremely pleased. I had no problems at all using my Groupon and was able to pay just by showing it on my phone since I didn't have the physical paper. My first wax wasn't especially pain free, nor especially painful, but my Brazilian today was amazing. I had Rachel and I barely flinched at all during the process, although she had me put my legs in some interesting positions. Who knows? Maybe that's how it was so painless! She was sweet and efficient, which is basically everything that I want in someone who's ripping hair off my chach. I will definitely use my last Groupon wax and continue to go back for more when I'm through. I took off one star because the room was super tiny and no frills. Oh, and there was definitely no double dipping and if I ever saw that, I would immediately say something.
Wow, I just realized I've been going here for about a year.  That says something. I tried a couple other waxing places around the city (Wax Max, Shoba) which were good, but it was difficult for me to swallow spending that big hunk of change on a monthly wax.  So when I heard about the affordability of J'Aime Adore, I called up right away. I've tried a couple of the waxers, and Ilene (is it Irene?  I always forget) is by far my favorite.  She's quick, efficient, and personable.  She makes me feel calm and is thorough with my ingrowns, lets not forget she's a total sweetheart to boot.
I am usually super scared of waxing, but since coming to J'Aime I've gotten very comfortable with the idea. I've only been to Angela and as long as I can make appointments with her I don't see myself going to anyone else. She is very kind, very good at what she does, and I feel great after (for weeks!) Legs, bikini, brazilian- I'm only going to J'Aime. Don't judge it by the outdated website, just make an appointment and go! I am glad I found this place and I highly recommend it.
Sure I'd rather spend my lunch break fully clothed and relaxing at a restaurant.  But, in the name of being well groomed, I frequently spend my lunch break at J'Aime instead.   The salon shines when it comes to efficiency, so whether I'm a walk-in or have an appointment I'm always in-and-out in no time ... in about 10 or 15 minutes, your girl-parts can be as smooth as the day you were born!  I've been going for two years, every 4 weeks during the spring/summer and every 6 or so weeks otherwise, and I've never had any complaints. In my opinion, all of the ladies do a similar job in terms of waxing (quality, efficiency, pain level, niceness).  But, if I make an appointment, I always ask for Natasha because she is the only one who take the time to deal with ingrown hairs and plucking strays at the end.
I went for a brazilian after seeing so many raving reviews----MISTAKE.  My skin was torn off and now I have these huge white bumps that I'm treating with neosporing and tea tree oil.  I saw a lady whose name starts with an N (I think).  I've NEVER left a review on yelp before but absolutely had to because this is flat out wrong.  I even have hair growing back already and its only been 4 days.   She was very friendly, but if you're going to tear my skin off then I'll pass.  You get what you pay for. Sorry J'Aime, I was very optimistic.
Like everyone else says, there's no reason to go anywhere else for a brazilian wax, unless it's a sunday and you're in desperate need for one.  I've been coming here for over a year and a half for brazilians. It's cheap, you're never waiting long at all, and you're only in the room for about 10 minutes. I don't remember any of the names of the people I've had, but everyone's friendly and knows what they're doing.
This place is Fantastic!!! I love Natasha and her daughter! They are so on top of things here! I've been getting Brazilians here for the past 5 years now and I am always impressed with how great my experience is. They are quick and professional. Plus Natasha has some great breathing techniques to help with the waxing process. Super affordable too!!
This was far and away the best Brazilian waxing experience I've EVER had. The places I've gone to before (not in Manhattan) were clean, nice people, and aesthetically pleasing but, let me tell you, the pain was excruciating.  So much so that I'd usually have to wait 5 months before I could muster up the courage again- that's about how long it would take to forget how much it hurt.  I would walk out bruised and bleeding, and so sore that I was unable to do much the rest of the day. Well, about 5 months had went by and I was ready to test the waters again.  What an amazing experience.  I went to Lena who is incredibly sweet, and encourages you through the whole thing (she kept telling me I was the best!) and guess what?  It really didn't hurt.  I popped 2 ibuprofen before and while it's never going to be painless, it was more than tolerable.  Plus, I was only on the table for about 5 minutes.  No joke.  Very efficient.   I almost hugged her after I was so excited!  No blood, no bruising, and I was in such good shape after that I was able to go to pilates. Customer for life- especially for $31.75.
Went for a brazilian today with Olga. Props to them for fitting me in short notice and giving me a same day appointment, AND dealing with me being late. They asked that I pay in advance which I found a little odd but I obliged, and just tipped afterwards. The place is super nice looking inside which is refreshing, although it's a little hard to find - not marked from the street at all and isn't actually at street level - you have to go up to the 2nd floor. ANYWAY. Down to the nitty gritty. I don't think I've ever laughed so much during a wax in my life. The experience was quirky, to say the least. In a good way, though, not a particularly awkward one. So I'll let you figure it out for yourself. It wasn't the least painful wax I've ever had but it was thorough. I could have used an equally as thorough cleanup afterwards since I still felt kinda sticky and she put a little too much lotion on afterwards but whatever. It's 31.75 for a wax. come on. I'll definitely return.
Great place. Clean. Friendly. Quick. This is my favorite waxing spot in the city - I always feel very comfortable here.  I've had appointments with Nora, Angela, and Olga.  While all were great, Olga made the situation a little too, hmmm... how should I say it... awkward.  I'll just leave it there ;). Best deal in the city!
Cheap. Fast. Clean. I, as most girls, have had so many bad waxes AND waxers. This is a Brazilian wax haven. I've had a different woman every time - same experience with pretty much all of them. They give a little 'spank' to the area before pulling which actually seems to help the initial "ouch!" But best of all, (other than a full leg and Brazilian for under $100 including tax & tip!) there is very little repositioning so I don't leave feeling like I was flopped around like I had participated in a amateur peep show. ONLY complaint is i always have a few stray hairs but I've never had a perfect wax experience even when i paid out the ass at other places.
I got my first full Brazilian done here a few months ago and I've been coming back ever since. You cant beat the price at $35 for a Brazilian and I get my underarms done for $10. It's a few blocks from my work so I walk there on my lunch hour. Everyone there is really nice and attentive, I've never had to wait during my appointment they are always ready when I get there which is awesome. It's hard to find quality salons that are also affordable in NYC so I'm very glad I found this place. The ONLY issue I have with J'aime is the way their rooms are set up for the wax. The beds are right next to a wall so you don't have much room but they get the job done anyhow. As far as pain goes, you're ripping hair out of your skin from the root so it hurts every time. I wish I could say it gets less painful but it doesn't. The underarm isn't that bad but Brazilians at least for me, are never painless. Just take deep breaths and bring a stress ball or something to squeeze during. They are also very clean and sanitary which I love, another trait that is also hard to find in affordable waxing salons in this city. I don't think you will be disappointed.
J'Aime is a good place for a wax. I went there today for my second wax ever (my first with J'Aime) and had Alla. She was so fast and thorough, just what you need. And for that price? I'll be going back. Like others have said, waxes are always going to involve some pain. I went to Bliss 49 for my first wax, because I'd heard that they were a little less painful. This wax involved the same amount of pain (which is to say, not that much really- it's not that scary!) and Bliss was over twice the price. And yes, the place is cash-only, so stop at the ATM before your appointment.
Went here, everyone was really nice and helpful. The place looked clean overall. I got a brazilian wax and has Natasha. She was very sweet, and fast but this place is NOT CLEAN. They double dip the sitck! This is sooo gross! They should really change this. Many yelpers here agree. You are driving away business by doing this. It's really gross and unsanitary dont go here for waxing!
After getting waxed here for a good 6 years (always brazilian or deep french and arms) I finally started getting laser, but can't recommend them enough.  Angela is the best and if I hadn't decided to go the permanent route, I'd still be going to the salon.
Been having Brazilians for almost a year now from a good friend who has been doing it for almost ten years, taught at beauty school etc. with that being said I'm never going back to her again! After dreading my monthly Brazilian appointment I had to come here last minute. The pain was nothing! (And have a high tolerance to pain) I don't feel it was as quick as everyone said but the pain was bearable. I cannot wait to go back next month! Giving 4 stars bc the rooms were a little dingy which made it feel not clean but everything was done sanitary!
As far as waxing goes, they do a great job and their prices are good however, the girl at the front desk is a HUGE B! I was 5 minutes late for my appointment and I called before to let her know that I would be 5 minutes late and she was extremely rude about it and when I arrived told me she didn't think I could be seen. All because I was just 5 minutes late?? Good businesses are accommodating because now look...here I am writing a complaint because she wanted to use her power and try and push me around.
Hands down, best brazilian wax I've had in the city. I've been to a lot of different places including UniKWax and Vada Spa, but J'aime is the best. They are super fast (10 minutes, max) and have a very clean space. NO double dipping and they wear gloves. Doesn't matter who you get, they're all great. $30 - I think they only accept cash. I don't think you can find this quality and service for any cheaper!
I just moved from Cali and was in need of a good brazilian wax place..... Found them on yelp and called to make an appointment the same day! My estheticians name was Angela. I told her this was my first time here and only my second time ever getting a brazilian. She filled me in with everything and was very helpful and nice! The price is great! only $35, which is cheap! in cali i was paying $70!!! I will definitely be going back:)
Today I was there to get my hair cut but they don't offer haircuts any longer. I would really appreciate if they point out this situation on their website or delete the reviews about the haircuts. The woman at the reception was very kind however I was very upset because of the unnecessary inconvenience I had.....
I followed Natasha and her ladies over here from Elite Day Spa (8 years) and would follow them anywhere for a Brazilian.  I go with whoever's available (Natasha, Ala, Nora, Rachel, Angela, Olga) because they're all fantastic.  Professional, friendly, and quick (in & out in 15 min).   If you're a little nervous about a 1st time wax, they are patient, will give you breathing techniques & answer all your questions, even after you've left.   They wear gloves and always use a new stick after each wax application (never "double-dip").  The space is clean, comfortable, and at $31.75, the price can't be beat!   When all my friends are buying coupons for discounted Brazilians at Groupon, KGB, LivingSocial, I tell them to forget that and just go to J'aime.
I love it! $30 for a Brazilian? Who would believe it? Well, I know I am being lazy and not going as much as I should, but they are there whenever I go to a vacation, and I can always come last minuet... They are super fast and efficient, I didn't hurt at all and I am usually very sensitive. I highly recommend it. N
I have been waxed here by Angela once a month for almost 6 years. After trying numerous supposedly "high end" spas in New York for brazilian bikini wax, I found that J'aime Day Spa is the most skilled for the best price. Angela is clean, professional, and incredibly good at what she does. Choosing someone to give you a brazilian bikini wax is not a light decision: it's obviously a very personal experience, and removing hot wax from your most sensitive areas requires real skill. I truly believe it's important to build a relationship with your waxer instead of jumping around looking for a cheap deal! J'aime Day Spa is the kind of place you can build a trusting relationship with your waxer and I can't rave enough about it.
I've been coming to J'Aime for over 6 years now.  I would never go anywhere else.  The specialize in waxing so they are fast, clean and friendly.  The receptionist Elle is awesome with keeping everyone on schedule, so they get you in and out in 15 minutes.  Very rarely do I have to wait for my appt because very rarely are they running behind.  And if I happen to be running behind I call to let them know and they do their very best to accomodate me and make it work. Natasha is my regular and when she's on vacation I see Angela.  Both are fantastic, professional, and FAST.  It's not completely painless - after all you're getting hair removed in a super sensitive area via hot wax.  However, their methods definitely help (they have you do lamaze style breathing and it definitely takes the focus off the pain).  They chit chat with me during, which also helps take the focus off what they're doing.   I would never consider going anywhere else.  Oh and did I mention it's only $32?  I used to go to some fancy spa place on the UES and pay $60 and it wasn't half as good and yet I paid twice as much.  Thank you J'Aime - you really are a GEM!
.
CLEAN, QUICK(short wait), PAINLESS, AND MOST REAONSABLE waxing/spa I've ever been to. I discovered this place a few years ago and have never looked back. Get your waxing done here now and forever!!
OMG girls your prayers have been answered, hallelujah! God bless Natasha and her hands! This woman is amazing! And for 33 bucks for a Brazilian you just can't beat that!!! Best wax and facial I've ever had, painless, fast, easy, very affordable for NYC prices! The staff is so pleasant and friendly, always making me feel welcome and like I'm on of their own. Thank goodness I found this place, great location, great service, stellar work! Book your appointments now! (Ps my facial was with Angela)
after my first wax, the sweet woman gave me a kind, supportive pat & said, "Now go and change your life!" i think $31.75 for a wax AND an inspirational quote is well justified.
I decided to go to this place back in... April? based on the good reviews here.  It was exactly what I expected.  Clean and fast service.  The first brazilian I got took only 10 minutes.  It wasn't very thorough; there were still some stray hairs that Rachel was unable to get the first time, but it wasn't a big deal.  She told me not to shave or pluck them and come back in about 3 weeks.  I didn't follow up with that because I didn't have time, so my next appointment was about a 1.5 - 2 months later.  I don't remember the name of the woman who helped me -- it was an older woman, kinda frumpy, and I think her named started with N (but I'm pretty sure it's not Natasha).  She didn't speak much English, but she was still nice.  Not quite as efficient as Rachel, though.  Rachel spread the wax so that it covers more area, but this lady did small patches at a time.  A little slower than Rachel, but again, no big deal.  I was in and out within 10-15 minutes for both waxes. Okay, I'm gonna be really open about this.  I don't care.  I'll talk about anything.  Plus people need to know.  First, lemme just start out with this.  My first appointment with Rachel was my very first brazilian.  Well, kinda.  I've tried it once before on myself with a kit bought at CVS.  It took a lot of discipline and will power to do it on myself, haha.  I was about 3/4 done and then I stopped because it hurt more as I moved down.  I decided to just let someone else do it for me cuz I figured they have a better angle and can do it faster (and if you really wanna know, I just shaved the rest of it off).  So that's when I made the appointment with J'aime.  Anyway, I was a little nervous about the pain.  When Rachel was working on me, I stared up a the ceiling the whole time because I was focusing on the pain.  On my second visit, I knew what to expect.  I was staring at the ceiling for a little while, but my mind wasn't really on the pain.  I started looking around while the older lady was doing her thing.  I obviously don't know if Rachel did this, but the lady I had was double dipping.  I've read that this is very unsanitary as this can spread STDs.  When I got home that day, I took a look at my vajayjay and there were three bumps in a row and going down, and then one off by itself, a lot bigger than the others.  I was like WTF.  At first, I thought maybe it was because the wax was too hot (I did wince a few times while she was applying it) or because the waxing ripped some skin off, it got irritated and some pimples formed.  I waited a week to see if they'd go away, but they didn't.  I didn't want to pop them because if they were something worse, I didn't want to spread it.  I made an appointment with my gyno.  Unfortunately, they were booked for the next few weeks, so it wasn't until a month after my brazilian that I got checked.  And yeah, the bumps were still there a month later.  My gyno said it was molluscum contagiosum, an STD.  He said it definitely did not look like herpes, and unlike herpes, they will go away on their own and won't come back.  You can get treatment for it, but they'll go away on their own if left untreated.  You have to avoid sex, which really sucked.  And don't scratch the bumps.  I wasn't itchy, so there wasn't a reason to scratch them, but I was told not to because you can spread them to other areas on your body or to other people.  A google search shows varying times for when MC goes away (my gyno said 4-8 weeks, but I've seen up to 6 months online).  It took me about two months from the date I went waxing for the bumps to go away. I give J'aime a decent rating for fast service, cheap brazilians, and a friendly staff.  However, I took off stars for not being sterile.  I've read that people can get other STDs, like herpes, and ON THEIR FACES.  Imagine getting your eyebrows or upper lip waxed and you get herpes.  Hmm. So yeah.  I don't know if it's just the one lady who does it, but I'm not gonna risk it. Update: 03/18/2009 -- I'm sad to say that though I thought it was gone, there was another bump left.  It looked a lot like a skin tag on my inner thigh so I didn't do anything about it, but I had it checked and I was told it was still molluscum contagiosum.  I had it removed via cryotherapy, but I think I gave it to my boyfriend because now he has little pimple-like bumps that won't go away. :(  He's gonna be getting checked soon.  Also, a few more bumps have formed on me... I'm going to see if these can be treated, too.  This is SO damn annoying.
After what seems like thousands of positive reviews I finally gave in and visited J'Aime. For a visit like this its hard to have a positive experience but I somehow did. I had an appt with Irene, who was perfect. She was thorough, friendly, quick, and while of course it did hurt like a bitch, compared to my last Brazilian experience I was completely pleased. I was in and out within 20 minutes. I won't lie and say its painless, but the thing is-they're good and quick so you don't have to endure the pain for that long. I'll be a regular from now on, can't beat the price and quality.
There's not much more to say that hasn't already been mentioned. The spa is on the second floor of the building that you need to get buzzed into. Once you walk in, everything is white, from the floors to the coats the ladies wear (except for the blue hand-shaped couches). Everyone works QUICKLY and efficiently, and they really do their best to make you feel as comfortable as possible. I didn't know such prices even existed in this city. Don't forget to leave a generous tip in the mini manila envelopes at the front desk before you leave!
J'aime Day Spa is conveniently located near 34th and Madison and provides manis and pedis as well as facials and waxing.  The owner or manager is pleasant and went out of her way to see that I was satisfied.  The salon itself is immaculate, light and cheerful.  I had a fine relaxing pedicure.  Definitely worth a try!
Ahhh J'Aime...I love this place so much they're getting my first ever Yelp review!   Let's get down to business.  Backtrack one year ago just to give you a lil background...my first ever Brazilian at a cheap neighborhood waxing salon after a coworker told me they're fairly decent for the price (granted 'fairly decent' should've had me running the opposite direction being new to waxing and all, but times were tough; low budget = lowered expectations).  I'd rather not name the place publicly, but message me and I'll spill the beans (cuz I'm nice like that).  WORST HALF AN HOUR OF MY LIFE EVER.  Triple rips at the same spot followed by more plucking at said abused spots- you get the idea.  I literally walked out of the place shaking, and proceeded to shake all the way home.  I swore that was the first and last time I would ever punish my vajayjay for having hair. Upon hearing my horrid first experience, my friend suggested I should really give her place a try-  this cheap, nondescript lil waxing salon called J'Aime she's been frequenting- but I wasn't having it, I was happy shaving...NOT.  Finally decided to try them a week before my big Miami vacation in April, specifically requested her waxer Angela who she had nothing but good things to say about and it was the absolute best 10-15 minutes of my waxing life!!!  I walked in there shaking like a virgin about to get some for the first time- unsure, insecure- and walked out like a renewed woman.  Angela was comforting, quick and efficient- like chicken soup on crack- I was a healed woman in no time flat.  Needless to say, my fear of waxing is loong gone (along with my short and curlies). I've been a frequent customer eversince and will continue to be til having a sasquatch down there is acceptable again.
i wouldn't say that the wax is entirely painless (that really depends on when the last time you got waxed was), but what makes the process less painless at J'Adore than at other places is definitely how fast they work... AND also how much cheaper it is than at other spas you might go to. i used to pay about 60 bucks for a brazilian, and here, it's only 30 bucks incl. tax. in fact, i don't even live in NY but i visit about once a month, so i always make it a pt to get an appt at J'Adore. on another note, i've also had their mini-facial (30 min) which i found quite satisfactory, and a good thing to do if you want something done but don't have a lot of time. it's just a nice little spa in general - small but v. clean and efficient. when the nicer weather rolls around, i'll definitely be heading there for pedis and such as well.
I agree with everyone else.  I go to Alla - she's great.  Good, cheap, not very painful wax.
I love this place.  Very clean, relaxing music.  If you're going for a wax, ask for Angela- she's so sweet and really knows what she's doing.  I almost look forward to getting the hair ripped out of my nether regions....
If I could give this place a half a star I would. This was by far the WORST waxing experience I've ever had in my life. I have very sensitive skin and asked twice before she started the wax if I would be okay (all waxes are different). She insisted and then completely ripped me to shreds. Not only was it unnecessarily more painful than other waxes, I also had horrible irritation and a rash that last for over a week after. Yuck! Thank God I my trip to Mexico was five days later or I would've looked RIDICULOUS in a bikini! After that experience, I WILL NOT be returning.
Loved my experience at this salon. Very friendly staff who know what they are doing and do it very well, clean salon, fast service, and great prices. What more could you ask for? I came in for a blow dry and left feeling like a new person. The stylist was amazing; she understood exactly what I wanted; you could clearly tell how experienced she is and how much she loves what she does. It came out even better than I had hoped for. I will definitely be back!
i go here for the unspoken type of waxing. this place deserves a billion stars if possible. first of all, the facilities are very clean and spacious. secondly, the staff is very sweet from the receptionist to the estheticians. lastly, they use a natural wax (chamomile or something) that hurts a lot less than the pink or green stuff we've cried from before. the BEST news however.... brazillian wax is $31.75 (after tax), honestly thats an unbeatable deal. i couldn't believe this place existed in new york where everything costs like its made of gold.
It was the most quickest painless cleanest bikini wax. Nora was very gentle and efficient and got the job done in 15 min. No double dipping! And for a chicken like me this was a great experience. Am def going back!!!
Although it is  now called J'Taime Day Spa it is just as great. Brazilian took 15 minutes and was almost painless (if i had gone sooner) its super clean and they know hair.
The saw me immediately, but $15 for eyebrow waxing that left me with picking wax out of my hair is pretty lousy.
UPDATE: Two years after the first time I posted this review, this is still my go-to spot for waxes down there. I just got a wax by Natasha who was thorough, hilarious and made me feel comfortable. I never hesitate to come and used to request specifically for Olga or Angela, but really it doesn't matter because everyone is well-trained and fabulous. Then again, I think I will go back to Natasha-- she took out a few in-growns and I'm ever grateful. Sorry, too-much-information?? Anyway, this place is affordable and really the most efficient and clean place I've ever been. ... So after the great yelper raves, I tried this spot (which btw is right around the corner from CUNY-Grad Center and big science NYPL libraries, any hairy academics). I unwittingly came right before closing and still got squeezed in. The receptionist was kind but a little unclear and nervous. Anyway, after waiting about half an hour, I took a big gulp of water, took a deep breath and went into the room where Irene went ahead and waxed me up. And it didn't REALLY hurt! I had an awful experience at Iris Nails on the UES and this was really okie dokie-- I was like high off of the experience, waltzing down 34th st, beside myself. Even though the wait was long, afterwards, I was thinking about giving my sister a certificate as a Christmas present [wierd?] cus it was so okay. Exhale. And totally affordable. Oh also, somehow I got wax on my knees and that was weird, but like I said, they took me at the very end, and it was 300% better than my last experience. One more tip, doing it sooner than later hurts less. Irene was sweet, efficient and thorough. Thank you yelpers, found my new spot, and new wax-virgins-- you really do feel sexier like you want to writhe like Janet Jackson in New Year's Eve lingerie.
A co-worker /friend of mine recommended this place. If it's possible that a Brazilian wax can change your life, then this place has changed my life.  By far the best experience I have ever had.  This is a quick and painless as it gets.  And the price! 31.73 AVEC tax?  It doesn't get any better than that. Natasha should be queen of the world.  She is amazing...  I will never trust the kitten to anyone else. Neither should you!
I've definitely become a regular to this place. It seems to be the cheapest wax job around town, without the place looking like a dump. Everything's pretty clean and the ladies are pretty efficient. There's really a 'no-fuss, no-muss' attitude there. They just want to get the hair out and let you be on your way. A full brazilian takes about 10-15 minutes top. Yes, it stings a bit, but they're rippping hairs out of your nether-regions with hot wax, what do you expect? It does get better the more regularly you go, so it's not a big deal. I highly recommend it.
So, i found this place through my girlfriend who got me a gift certificate for a facial. I was very apprehensive and it took me almost 6 months to make an appointment although now I wish I had done it sooner. I mean, as a straight man, i never imagine going to a day spa to get a facial, however I am now a convert. My skin really does look and feel great. Angela (i think that was her name) was really nice but more importantly she really schooled me on male skin care.  Cool place.
I think I got Irene... Was my first Brazilian and not only was it even more painful than I'd imagined it to be... But I'm 100% unhappy. Look elsewhere for QUALITY.
A friend recommended this place to me as a first time "Brazilian girl" and I simply love it! Ala (sp?) is my fav, she gets me in and out with minimal pain and maximum results! I just came back from California and I have Ala to thank for all my wonderful beach days:-) A Brazilian for $30 cannot be beat, I've looked all over and J'aime is definitely the best waxing spot in the city, hands down.
Hands down, fastest, easiest wax everrr!!! Irene rox !
I just have to write about this place because I had a wonderful experience.  I called in the morning and they let me get an appointment for later in the day.  I went into my first brazilian wax shaking and with sweaty palms.  But, a nice lady (who didn't speak much English) guided me through the process and was very patient with me. I think her name was Laura.  She was very thorough and quick. Obviously, the pain was still there, but how quickly she did it made it a little better.   The place is also very clean.  Total came out to $30+tax.  It was a great first experience and I will def be going back in a few weeks!
I also love this place. The quickest service ever and the techs are so nice. You can't beat $35 and complete in 15 minutes. Great for lunchtime appointments.
Anastacia is a great waxer. Fast, efficient, very detail-oriented... I couldn't imagine going to anyone else! Great prices. May need to go every 3 weeks, however.
irene is my favorite too! seeing her this afternoon actually. i've been going to this spa for 2 years now and i wouldn't think of going anywhere else. initially they help you with breathing to help with the pain. they also remove hair in smaller strips, which also makes it less painful. p.s. irene gives fantastic european facials also!
I got my very first brazilian wax here and would recommend J'aime to someone to get a good brazilian. Price is impeccable in general, but ESPECIALLY for New York City. I will warn you on some things to make sure you do before you go: 1) do NOT go before your period, I heard that the skin down there is way more sensitive and the brazilian will hurt MORE (note that i acknowledge the fact that no brazilian is painless, it will just hurt more) When i heard this, I cursed myself for being dumb enough to not remember when I last got my period, so I did it anyway...and got my period a week later.  Go a week or so after your period. 2) I do agree with other reviewers saying "you get what you pay for." I usually shaved before getting a brazilian but let my hair grow a little so the wax would stick. Unfortunately, some hairs did not grow as fast as the others and the wax didn't catch it. They weren't really ingrown, just shorter. Some reviewers on here had the luck of having someone go through the effort of plucking the extras...my lady didn't. I had Rachel btw. And I almost freaked out when she told me her name because I vaguely remembered some horror story about her that I read on yelp about a really bad wax. But I resisted the urge to panic. And I'm not talking about a few extra hairs. I'm talking at least 20-30 extras. I wasn't too pleased but I took it because I was already in so much pain just from the shock of a first brazilian (not bashing their technique just saying I was a "brazilian virgin" in pain) 3. I really didn't think Rachel was that bad, I was just disappointed with the extra hairs, but that part was probably my fault for not waiting long enough to wax. 4. Give yourself a few days to rest it out. I felt numb for at least 4-5 days. And I took the risk of doing this right before a week long vacation! But I don't regret that. 5. If you don't already shave and you have a serious bush, try and trim it down as much as possible before going. Less pain, less of a struggle for your waxer. Nonetheless, I was out in 15 minutes and I felt like a new woman! I think everyone should do this. It seems scary but it really wasn't. Just the anticipation is the worst. Rachel wasn't too sympathetic on the "I'm scared" part but she did help me out on the "I hope this isn't too awkward" part. I do plan on going back once time permits.
Quick and cheap!  Definitely the best deal I've found in the city and very clean place.  I wouldn't say painless by any means, but I don't think that;'s an option anywhere!  I don't know who the woman was that I had, but I'd probably try someone else next time.  Usually my waxers talk to me or tell me to breathe or something as a distraction.  This woman just went to work, not saying a word the entire time.  She was quick and efficient though.  Definitely can't be shy, just be prepared to have it all out there!
gotta love these russian girls. AND the prices.
I always like to try out the new places with Groupon deals and Livingsocial deals...J'aime is not the cheapest in town in anymore! But it is still a good cheap standard bikini wax for $30 and they can usually squeeze you in.  *bring cash on the side for tip. In the past, I've had Natasha.  The first time she waxed me, I was pretty much a waxing virgin.  She was as nice as she could be, telling me how to breathe and giving me the little slap before ripping out my hairs.  She made a couple jokes here and there but nothing much--She's Russian= efficient and doesn't like small talk.  It hurt, but wasn't the worst thing in the world and I decided to place my faith in her in the future. Well...then came the snow season, and my naughty  kitty decided to hibernate all winter....all the hair grew back.  I went to Natasha again for some magic and she scolded me.  The wax was painful, she was angry, and I was scared.  She huffed and puffed "see, when it grows this long now it hurts.  We keep our prices low so you can afford to come every month."  I understand the business aspect of that and lesson learned from the pain aspect, but seriously?   As if getting a brazilian isn't stress enough, you CANNOT pay a service to someone and be anxious as to whether she will be in a good or bad mood!  It is just not okay!  And so what if i hibernated during winter, why is that her problem?  Her J-O-B is the wax and to do a good job, not lecture me on whats good for her.   ANYWAYS..since then I've tried out some other places.  I really liked the demeanor and the job done by Go Green Spa.   I do return to J'aime though for the occasional checkup, but not with Natasha.  Right now is swimsuit season, so it is imperative to stay trim down there.  This last time I went, I got Ala.  She is the fastest waxer known on planet earth.  Basically I entered the room and she said "take off clothes.  get on bed" and exited while I did so.  She came in, and no funny business she just applied powder and started waxing.  I didn't even feel like a human!  Before I knew it, she was done and exited the room.  Whewwwww.  I am so glad I didn't get her for my first wax she would have scared the crap out of me but if you wax often she is AWESOME and WAY EFFICIENT.   Anyways, J'aime has its place in the world and serves peoples needs.  I come here even with that bad experience for the piece of mind.  It is not too far from where i live, the prices are right for maintenance, and the ladies are all experienced so you know you are not getting a beginner.
this place had such raving reviews that i had to try it. yes. there was a full waiting room of women waiting for their whoo-has and eyebrows to get waxed, but i wasn't very impressed. my lady was borderline-harsh and my eyebrows were tingling in lingering pain for days.
This is NYC biggest secret!!! The best and the only place I will EVER go for a Brazillian! My favorite and waxer of choice is Olga. All of the waxers are exceptional, but I would recommend Olga. Although no entirely painless, it is the least painfull and quickest waxing jobs I've ever had done. You are honestly in and out within 15 minutes tops ( I'm usually in the waxing room 7-10 minutes). The receptionist was very nice and the spa is very clean. I thought about going to J sisters and paying 2 and half times more and Im glad I didn't. You really can't beat $35.00 bucks, and thats including a tip. They treat your little one as if it was one of theirs!!!! Very enjoyable experience, I go every 4 weeks!
Probably one of the most painless waxes I've ever had and the quickest! I'll definitely be returning!
Angela is the best. She'll crack you up while she's ripping out your hair :) I definitely  recommend this place for the low prices and high quality service. I do believe that they will be cash only soon, though.
Went straight after work yesterday thursday june 23, 2011 FOR MY FIRST BRAZILIAN WAX! godddddddd was i terrified for me and princess sophia (my vagina) lol but you know what it wasnt so bad.. i had irene and she was a sweetheart. I totally recommend this cute place! i will be returning back in 3-4 weeks with my 2 bestfriends who are dying to get brazilianized :)
found this place on yelp and I love love loved it, great brazillian experience. The girl was quick and painless, thanks!
You really cannot beat the price. 30 dollars is the best price I have EVER seen for a brazilian but YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR! The rooms are tiny, the waxers are unprofessional. I DO NOT EVEN THINK THEY WORE GLOVES! YIKES! And the wax they use is horrible. It ALWAYS IRRITATES THE HELL OUT of my skin. Also... I have ended up with BRUISING and BROKEN BLOOD VESSELS  a couple of times from coming here, not to mention tons of ingrown hairs. I would NOT recommend going here.
I used to come here for regular bikini waxes until I left NYC. They are quick and cheap here. The spa itself is clean and soothing. I went to Ala and she was great. I had Rachel a couple times and she was good too. My only issue with them is their threat of charging you if you cancel or are late. They used to have a rude receptionist but have changed and are much better. I have recommended this place to a few friends (it was recommended to me). I definitely miss it now that I move... paying 35$ for a brazilian in NYC beats the 50$ I just dropped in SF. Definitely go here if this is what you need!
I went here for my first brazilian wax, or any kind of wax down in that area for that matter.  I was able to book Natasha, and she was really great.  It did hurt, but  not that much actually.  I had trimmed my hair down a little bit so I guess that might be why.  I've already booked an appointment for next month!  Also, yeah, the receptionist seemed pretty friendly so... maybe there is a new person?
Best Brazilian in the city. Quick, clean, and inexpensive. You cannot do better than this.
having a grand total of two waxes under my belt (pun completely intended), i don't have a lot of experience for comparison. i will say that i made a same day appointment, i was right on time, barely sat down before they told me to go to room 9.  in there, i found a lovely little russian grandma waiting for me.  demure, kindly, and not very much english, but adorable.  if i didn't know what i'd signed up for, i would have though she was in the middle of making cookies, so benign did she look. i stripped down and with the same cookie-baking face, she asked me to get in all sorts of different positions, including some mortifying ones, but whatever, that's what a girl's gotta do for beauty.   i will say that the soft wax seems to hurt more, and there was a little... swelling and soreness afterwards, something that (surprisingly) did not happen with a hard wax that i'd had before (at a different clinic--see review for waxing clinig, leslie is phenomenal).  i was literally in and out in less than 10 minutes from entering the door and leaving, so that's something.   and who can argue with the price?  even with a generous tip, this definitely does not break the bank.
This is my go to place for a great wax. I don't go anywhere else. At $35, it doesn't get better than this. All the women are great. You are in and out in about 15 mins. Although, the pain factor will probably never fade away. Every bit of the pain is worth the appointment. Have no fear , but go for it girls! You won't be disappointed, especially during bikini season.
J'Aime is very decent for brazilian waxes.  Prices are low.  This is a no frills place in Murray Hill that I would like more if it was more conveniently located from a subway perspective.  If you work/live in the area, this is a very serviceable waxing place but nothing about it is really quite memorable/worth coming back for either.
This makes the trek to Midtown (probably my least favorite part of Manhattan) worth it. Quickest wax I've ever had - Natasha came in with a no-nonsense Russian attitude, we had a very short chat about what I wanted, and then done and done! I doubt there is such a thing as a painless Brazilian but this comes pretty close.
Met Natasha, who changed my bikini wax life. She is skilled, quick (under 3 min all times I've had her), and knowledgeable. She really knows what she's doing and tells you how to take care of "things".
So, everyone comes to this spa for waxes. I have had many waxing experiences which were always great (quick, LESS painful, and thorough...no to mention cheap). You can pretty much go to anyone here and they'll be good. But I'm going to review my experience getting....a mani/pedi! Apparently this is a rarity for J'aime, but that didn't stop them from doing an excellent job.  The spa pedicure area is really beautiful with blue tiled mosaics decorating the walls and sinks.  The women are friendly and careful. They make sure the water is the right temp and they ask if you want your cuticle pushed back or cut. This is a plus, cause I prefer to get them pushed...I've had some bad experiences in the past due to unsanitary conditions. After my pedicure I flipped over to the manicure tables in my paper sandals, where I had a lovely woman take care of my nails. She did a perfect French manicure and even asked me how I wanted the line.  I mentioned to her that it was for a wedding in a week and she made sure to put a tough topcoat on, which stayed through the following week until I ruined them on my own. Before we left, they put saran wrap over our toes before we slipped our boots on (it was a rainy day).  Overall this was a great experience and a great price.  They were friendly and much less rushed than my previous experiences getting a wax. I will definitely come back here for my nails, as well as other treatments. PS- In the past, I would agree that the receptionist was rude and short with customers.  In this experience, there was a upbeat and attentive redheaded woman taking calls and making appointments.  She was sweet and funny and I hope they keep her around.
I used to go to J'Aime faithfully for about 6.5 years.  My go to girl was Alla and she was AMAZING!!!  I made an appt to see Alla the last time I went and was told to come in.  When I got there I was told that Alla left and would not be returning.  I was shocked and confused.  The excuse I got was that Alla left the business to attend to her family and decided to do something else.  I didn't believe that for a second...I proceeded with my waxing treatment but was unhappy with the results.  The owner, Natasha talked the whole time about the love life of a client of hers.  I had no desire to hear that but listened anyway because I didn't want her to botch up my wax job.  Needless to say, she did a horrible job anyway.  I still had to shave when I got home that evening.  Fast forward three years later and I found my Alla working at another waxing establishment in a much better environment.  I'm so happy I found Alla again.  She is truly a gem and it helps that she's professional and very friendly.  I agree with the other reviewers, the front desk girl at J'Aime, Elle, has a very nasty attitude and I only dealt with it for over 6 years because Alla is the best in the business and I couldn't imagine getting waxed by anyone else.  Wish I could give this place 0 stars and 5 thumbs down!!!
Hooray! I have a new waxing spot! Angela made the experience as quick and painless as possible. Irene is also fabulous.
STOP LOOKING FOR A NEW WAXER AND COME HERE I've bounced around places for the past year.  A coworker suggested this place - and I'm just mad at myself for not coming here sooner!!! super nice quick goes after ingrowns I will never go anywhere else.
Love this place, they make me feel so comfortable, do a great job, and are SO affordable it should be criminal-where else can you get such a meticulous brazilian for $35?! I recently had Angela and loved her. She had me laughing the whole time. Natasha and Lena are both great as well. I am a client for life.
I apologize for my use of caps below but it's imperative that you understand how awful this place is. FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, END YOUR DOUBLE DIP!!!!!  ITS SO GROSS AND SO FOUL.  POPSICLE STICKS ARE NOT EXPENSIVE!  DOUBLE DIPPING IS NOT ONLY CHEAP, IT'S A HEALTH VIOLATION.  SO ALL OF YOU LOVING THIS $30 DEAL...CONGRATULATIONS: YOU HAVE SOMEONE ELSE'S VAG, LEG, FACE OR BACK OOZE.
+1 star for Nora +1 star for the price -3 stars for DOUBLE-DIPPING NATASHA Was my go-to spot for a super fast brazilian with Nora. I love that she doesn't talk too much but has a very calm and friendly aura to her. She always does a good job and takes her time to get every stray but makes sure that I'm still out of there in 10 mins. Unfortunately, Nora wasn't there during my last visit so I got stuck with Natasha. This lady talked up a storm and she was done in 3 mins. But it's no wonder it took 3 mins...I had a lot of strays! I can understand maybe one or two but this lady must've been blind. Okay, fine...I can forgive that one but then she did the unforgiving DOUBLE-DIP. NATASHA DOUBLE-DIPPED!!!!!!!!!!!! I don't need to say anything else after that experience. I can even deal with the snotty reception girls but double-dipping? REALLY?! Ah..Nora, you were so awesome but unfortunately I'm on a quest to find a new go-to spot for my brazilians, thanks to Natasha. DEUCES J'Aime.
Update: 2013 I went back about 6 months ago and am lowering this from two stars to one. For some reason I forgot my old experience (or the fact I even left a yelp review) and saw these great raves about the place here on yelp. I did remember how cheap it was so figured I'd give it a try. I went back to the waxer I initially liked and had a terrible experience. Had an itchy rash for a week after the (very painful) wax, something that has NEVER happened to me and bad ingrowns when growing out. She also didn't listen to what I wanted. The salon itself seemed worse for the wear, and there was a dog running around. I guess that's ok in a hair salon (maybe) but it felt gross in a waxing place. Old review from 2010: I've been here twice, def not going back though. I went to Natasha the first time for a Brazilian and all was fine, she was professional and efficient and that coupled with the price, well I thought I'd found my new waxing spot. Made my next appointment but couldn't get Natasha and I wish I could remember who I did get because it was the WORST wax I've ever had. And I've had a handful of bad waxes unfortunately. This woman didn't know what she was doing. Yanked the wax off ripping some of my skin with it (I know some tenderness and even sometimes tiny dots of blood where the hair root is can be normal...this was not that). She didn't listen to what I wanted leaving me practically bald. And the pain afterwards was not to be believed. Plus I had the worst ingrowns. The fact that they would even employ a woman like this is appalling. I don't care how cheap the wax was, I wouldn' t go back if they paid me. I give 2 stars only b/c Natasha was good.
Front desk women are RUDE. The girl who took my payment was also kind enough to tell me my total was $27 and then charge me $32. Way to be professional. I will say that Angela did an excellent job, however.
We ladies know that the waxing scene from The 40-Year-Old Virgin is more or less representative of the way it really feels to have the hair rent from our nether regions. However, at J'Aime Day Spa, it's both quick and (relatively) painless. In a quick five minutes, the waxer streamlines your lady business while telling you when and how to breathe. It's rare that I laugh the entire time I'm having my hair ripped violently from my body, but here it's like being waxed by a hilarious Russian cheerleader and before you know it, you're ready for the beach or the bedroom. I recommend the pants off this place!
This is my go to and the only spa that I go for a brazillian.  When I first came to the city I scoured yelp for a trusted and inexpensive place to get waxed.  I was sold after my first visit 3 years ago.  I always book my appointments with Natasha and even though she is in high demand I can generally call and get an appointment the next day.  It is $33 for a brazillian which is a steal compaired to the $55+ I have seen almost everywhere else.
This is an easy decision, in a city of overwhelming waxing choices - most of which are too expensive, unfriendly, and not uber pleasant inside. BUT J'Aime is anything but. I've been coming here for 5+ years and can't complain. Sure they get behind a bit in the high season (spring/summer) but they always try to accommodate - don't be late yourself and you wont likely wait much. I primarily see Natasha (I just get a brazilian wax) - love her - she's quick, friendly and knows what she's doing (ingrowns and such which were a huge problem for me, now they're a thing of the past). When she's not available, I go with Angela, who's just as sweet and relatively quick. I'd tell anyone in the area looking for a quick, affordable, good brazilian wax to go here - I haven't found anywhere else in the middle of manhattan (east to west) that I'd go to, especially since they're mostly all $50-90 a pop. Make your appointment now! And even a few months out before they get really busy for the summer....
I have been coming here for almost four years and recommend it often. Angela is the best!! She does an amazing job waxing and is a joy to talk with.  Great spot.
Ok, I've had a few good experiences here...however I've had 2 BAD experiences which will make me never return here.
The best Brazilian wax I've EVER had. I'd almost call it a positive experience. Olga (she was cracking hilarious jokes so I was busy breathing and chuckling the whole time) and Natasha have both been amazing. I've been recommending the Spa to ALL of my girlfriends.
Being relatively new to the city, I searched Yelp for a place I could go to get my feminine business done, as it were. After trying J'Aime back in December, I can personally attest to and agree with the great reviews this place gets. It's clean, quick, and cheap - what more could you ask for? I'm now a J'Aime regular.
I just got my 3rd and final bikini wax with my groupon, and I will definitely be going back there religously. I haven't really had any problems getting an appointment last minute. Today I called at 10:45 and they fit me in at 2:15. I never have to wait long, if my appt is at 2:15 then my appt starts at 2:15. The best part about the place are the waxers. WOW are they amazing and QUICK. I am in and out of there in about 10 minutes. Getting waxed is the worst, so to me there is nothing better than getting it over with. It also makes it less painful. The girls are great and make me feel comfortable. I am so happy that I found this place on groupon, and I wouldn't go anywhere else to ger waxed!!
The entrance to this place is totally non-descript which initially made me a little suspicious. Good thing they label which suite they are in otherwise I would've totally walked past the building. Once inside it does look like a very legit and professional salon. They keep the waiting area and treatment rooms very neat. Furniture and decor are in calming blues and whites. I made the appointment that morning and didn't have to wait very long after arrived. I saw Olga who explained everything and made me feel very comfortable. By the way, they do accept credit cards just not Amex.
This place is amazing. They scheduled me same day, and when I arrived early they saw me immediately. Olga was excellent - fast, efficient, and hygienic. J'Aime is absolutely perfect for a quick, thorough wax at a great price.
I've been going here since 2008. They are clean, easily accessible, very professional and above all SUPER efficient / reasonably priced. I've only ever been for a Brazilian wax, so I can't vouch for any of their other services. I've never had a bad experience. The only annoying thing is  you can't put the tip on the card, but I can get over that fast considering how great the quality is and how low the price is!
Loyal customer for over 3 years. People may tell me of other places to go but nothing will steer me away from J'Aime. In and out in 15 min, no double-dipping and the women make you feel very comfortable. I did find myself speaking to Natasha once about my personal life and  I didn't even realize, that's how comfortable she made me. I will continue going back here as long as they are open.
Great price for a brazillian, and they were able to squeeze me in last minute. It's hard to get appointments in late afternoons, so you should try to book them a few days in advance. This place is a no-nonsense wax spa, cheap, quick and clean. Don't come here to get pampered, but I like them because they get the job done. Will definitely come again.
I love J'aime day spa.  They are always able to accomodate me when I call the same day for an appointment.  Even when I walk in without one, I never wait for more than 10 minutes.  The ladies that work there are very nice and work super quick which is excellent.  And, you can't beat the price.
It's been awhile since i've been back to this place- I have shopped around and have found myself back here. Today I tried Angela for the first time and she definitely is kind and efficient. I was in and out in 10 minutes- clean! No double-dipping. Just fast and easy! With tax, the total comes out to just shy of $32. Nice!!!
I had to check this place out as my friend gave rave reviews...my first experience went very well...it was packed in here! My brazillian was fast and Olga was great! The place seemed pretty clean. Would recommmend...and I will be back.
I called thirty minutes before and successfully made an appt.  When I checked in with the receptionist she already had my room set up.  I was out of there in less than fifteen minutes.  I don't know the name of the lady who performed my Brazilian wax (she had red hair, light eyes and a Russian accent I think).  She assured me she will work with me (since it was my first time).  She was quick with the process; which I think helps the situation. She urges you to inhale and exhale to help the pain.  She was great! It was $30 (no coupon necessary).  I highly recommend her!!
Clean. Quick. Inexpensive. Great for a Gal on a budget!
FYI Alla is gone!  :(  Not sure if I'll be coming back anymore, she was great.
Correction: I haven't been in a while but the price for the brazilian is $35 including tax. Still a good price to me.
What can I say, their brazilian is fabulous. It really does only take 15 minutes and they get everything. The service is great, the waxer olga did wonderfully. Best part of all??? It only cost $30, unlike the usual $50+. It's great, nothing more to say!
I have been coming to J'Aime for Brazilian waxes for about a year now and I am definitely a happy customer!! I never have a problem getting in since the appointment slots are 15 min and I'm normally in and out within 10! I regularly see Natasha but if she isn't available I have gone to Angela twice and she does a really thorough job, and she is very sweet and as gentle as possible.   The place is clean and quiet, except for my nervous laughter while getting my hair ripped out ;) I would definitely recommend friends, co workers, and strangers (yelp!) to give the ladies a visit, they do not disappoint!!
Natasha is a gem. The value for what you get is priceless. You're in and out in under 20 mins and no, they do not double dip. I never go to anyone else!
I live and work on Long Island but I make it a point to always go to J'Aime for my wax. I can't imagine going anywhere else -- 15 minutes in and out, they talk you through the whole thing, apologizing, explaining, distracting. It really helps!  "oh honey, i'm sorry, i know it hurts, deep breath in -----rip!!" Have had Alla (sp?) in the past but really loved Natasha the last time I went ("Hi, how are you?" "Oh honey, it's always a good day, I never complain, you have hair you don't want, I have job, let's get started.") Not sure if they take walk-ins, it's a little hard to find your first time, on the second floor of a building, you have to be buzzed in. I believe there is a cash discount, you can't complain about $35 for a brazilian!
I am a Shobha regular that has now been converted!!! I've had my share of Brazilian's around the city and I've hit the jackpot with J'Aime! I didn't have an appointment but lucked out as a walk-in. The rude receptionist told me that they were booked solid and I'd have to wait 30 minutes (which I did, considering the fact that I was desperate & long overdue for a wax!) I'm glad I waited! Angela took care of me and I thought she was great. She was quick and gentle (as gentle as a Brazilian can be LOL). Very clean, very thorough, and not a hair left! The greatest part is that this was $40 including tip! I've found my new waxing place, Angela is my new waxing lady, and I'm definitely coming back! This should really be a 5-star rating but I'm giving it a 4 because the receptionist pissed me off that bad LOL. I'm in the service industry and bad customer service is my biggest peeve! But besides her, everything else about J'Aime is great!!!
Irina is awesome. She's a wise lady who waxes quickly and waxes well. I recommend her!
After reading other reviews I am very surprised. A friend of mine recommended this place, but more specifically  Natasha for the brazilian wax.  I thought she was great. She has you practice some kind of lamaze breathing to ease the pain. Super quick. I can make it in and out on my lunch break,  which is great. And it's also affordable. I have been to other places in Manhattan that charge twice as much and take twice as long for the same results. Also, I have super sensitive skin and found redness and ingrown hairs to be at a minimum.  I have not tried anyone else, but I can certainly recommend Natasha for a brazilian.
I will never go anywhere else for my Brazilian wax! Prompt service, clean facility, wonderful staff, quick and pain free. Also, the price is right. It gets no better than the j'aime day spa I love them.
Clean. Quick. Punctual. Inexpensive. Very happy with the Brazilian Wax!
After being spoiled by free services while working for a fairly popular chain in NYC, I had to find a new place for my BBK.  After reading some reviews about affordable pricing and overall professional atmosphere, I decided to give J'Aime a try. My first visit, I was pleasantly surprised by the efficiency and professionalism of my waxer, Natasha.  She took special care to let me know when to breathe and brace And she took care of a couple of ingrown hairs that had been bothering me.  (Something to be very careful about ladies when you wax {and especially if you shave}, always exfoliate against the hairs to prevent that from happening.  Now I know.)  I booked a next appointment for 4 weeks later. Sadly, my second appointment was a bit of a disappointment.  It seemed like since I came back, she felt like she had won over a new repeat client.  Although she employed the same level of professionalism and care, the wax itself was rather sloppy.  Rather than pulling the hair from the roots, she ended up breaking a lot of the hair, leaving stubble more characteristic of one who shaved a couple days ago.  Unfortunately, I don't think I'll be back, so it's back to Yelp to search for a new waxer.  *sigh*
I came here as a result of reading the positive reviews. I really love the price, it is always $31, a way better deal than lifebooker sometimes. I always have Angela do my bikini waxing. She is very friendly and makes me feel comfortable and helps me get through it! She is also very patient and the spa is very clean, they do not "double dip" the wax or anything like that. I will always go here.
Nice persons, cheap, well done and very fast!
Fast. Clean. Easy. Book appt before. Only $30. Just remember to be bring cash!  The Russian ladies are friendly,  careful, professional, and as gentle as a wax can possibly be. I recommend it to anyone on a budget.
This place rocks you are in and out, it is totally painless and I love Olga she is sweet as pie and freakn hilarious!!!  So if you want to get groomed on the cheap and quickly make it happen here!!!
Seriously. Natasha is the best! I have been going to her for over 5 years now and won't go anywhere else...I recommend all my friends to her and then they, as well, won't go anywhere else. The other ladies are equally as good but after all this time, Natasha is my friend now so she's my go to! Super clean and very well priced! You'd be silly to go anywhere else.
so...after reading the ravishing reviews about j'aime day spa from fellow yelpes i finally summed up the courage to make an appointment for Brazilian and a full leg. as i walked into the office(with sweaty palms and shaking knees) i was greeted by a very sweet young girl who asked me to have a seat and told me that someone will be right with me.  Not even a minute later my cosmetician, Angela, was right with me . She took me a to a nice, clean room and after stepping out and giving me time to un-dress and position myself on the table, she came back in and went straight to work.  Before the appointment i was terrified and had all kind of terrifying thoughts run through my head, Angela was very professional and very sweet. She took everything into consideration: the comfort level as well as the pain level, since it was my first time she was very gentle and caring. Through out the entire hour (which is pretty quick i guess for legs and Brazilian)  she talked to me and made me feel as comfy as one can being 1/2 naked. All in all , this was a pleasant experience and will definitely do it again.
The cheapest, non-shady brazilian in the city.   Go to either Natasha or Alla.  Natasha runs the place, is the quickest, and chats effortlessly to put you at ease.  But I prefer going to Alla because even though she may take an extra few minutes, she's more thorough. Pros: It's a clean, no-frills place that'll have you in and out the door in 15 minutes.  Seriously. Cons: While the $31 brazilian is totally worth it, the soreness afterwards is a bit longer than what you'd expect from a $70 brazilian.  And it's cash only. Advise:  Exfoliate the night before and pop a few aspirin!
I've been going to J'Aime for almost 5 years now. A friend suggested it when I moved to the city and I have never looked back. I don't usually write reviews - but had a monthly appointment today and they just never cease to amaze me. Elle is one of the sweetest girls ever and its always nice to be greeted by a friendly face. I used to go to Natasha but one month she was too booked so they squeezed me in with Alla - and she's been my girl ever since. They both are amazing - and there really is no pain. I've referred a number of my friends here and they have all said the same thing. The spa is clean, calm and unpretentious. It also helps that it doesn't break the bank. No matter where I have lived and worked in the city and where I am in the future - as long as I'm in NYC - I'll be coming here. Thanks J'Aime for being you! :)
The price is right, the service is quick and no-nonsense, and the results are great. I have ben here a few times and sent several friends for brazilians and they have all been delighted. They DEFINITELY do NOT double-dip.
I love this place!  It was recommended to me by a friend and I have been a loyal customer ever since (I defected from Uni K after their prices went up).  This is the thing:  They are FAST.  This process is never going to be pain-free, so the best thing an esthetician can do is be fast and thorough.  And the women who work here are both.  They're not always super-friendly, but I don't need to be friends with the lady waxing my nether regions.  One time I decided to time them.  From the minute I walked in the room (before I even got undressed) to the minute it was done, 7 minutes had passed.  SEVEN MINUTES.  That's worth $30 any day. I've never experienced any double-dipping here.  I've been to places all over the city and I can say I feel comfortable with the sanitary situation there.  It's not the Ritz, but you're paying $30 for a quality experience.  If you want frou-frou, go to the J Sisters or Bliss and pay $85.
I love Angela. She is probably the best here. She is easy to get along with and personable and remembers me only after coming here 2 or three times (at once a month) and that is impressive. HOWEVER, the reason I did not give this place 5 stars is the receptionist. She's rude, snotty, and completely out of line at times. I call and her manors on the phone are atrocious. She rushes you off the phone with out confirming your appointment and has placed me on hold for 20 min at a time. When arriving, she is always on her phone or talking on the phone. I don't know about you but when I walk into an establishment (epically early since you bark the order to arrive 5-10 min early EVERY time I call) it would be nice to get a smile and a hello before you stare blankly at me like I have just ruined your day for asking you to do your job. When I go to pay at the end she rushes through you. And that is if you even pay at the end of your session. Most of the time she encourages (like a line backer encourages the defense to get out of his way as he goes for the quarterback in the super bowl) you to pay before you even get in. Did I mention this is all while she is on the phone and/or screaming at the person on the other end? I never met someone who had as much drama as her. I'm not picky I mean I keep going back don't I? But if Angela leaves I'm out of there. I would pay the usual $50+ for a wax at a no name salon then deal with her snotty attitude.
Fast, comfortable and inexpensive.
This place is the best. Great European style, quick, professional and super friendly. Worth every penny!
I've been coming here for years. In fact, I followed Natasha here from her former salon to this clean, well run establishment. Book in advance as they keep busy but it's worth it. Let's face it, waxing isn't fun but at least Natasha and the regular staff keep their clients entertained with great stories, really poignant advice and sincere interest in their lives. I will keep coming back...
I've been coming here for my Brazilian for about a year now i love this place its clean affordable and the staff is always friendly, they make you feel comfortable.
Natasha was amazing. Loved my first experience. Always returning when I am in town
This place is a hidden gem. Brazilians are quick and clean. Can't beat the price. I have sensitive skin and they always take good care of me. The best!
Love this place! Elle the receptionist was very helpful and friendly. The woman who did my Brazilian was quick, efficient and very nice! I am going back again and would recommend this place to anyone who asks. Cheers!:)
FIRST TIME: After reading all the amazing reviews I decided to try J'Aime for my first Brazilian wax. I was extremely scared but made my appointment with Angela. She was great! She told me exactly what she was doing when she was doing it. The pain at times really hurt, but in the end extremely worth it. For $30 you cannot go wrong here. I will only make appointments with Angela, she rocks! The lack of my 5th star is because they do use paper as their tool to remove wax, which I have to say is weird, although it did work so I can't complain. The facilities are clean, they do not double dip which is amazing. All in all, not a bad experience!
I learned about Natasha from two of my friends who didn't know each other - both of them kept raving to me about her.  When I figured out that they both were talking about the same woman, I figured I had to check her out.  I have been going to Natasha every month for probably the past 10 years - I have been going to J'Aime Day Spa since it opened. I wouldn't trust anyone else to wax me - Natasha is the best! She is quick, efficient and never makes me feel uncomfortable. She is always friendly and warm - she asks about my family and job (she remembers details of my life), and she always does a great job.  I live on the Upper West Side and work on the Upper East Side, so I have to make an effort to go to see her - and I never think twice about it.  I have recommended Natasha and J'Aime Day Spa to all of my friends and they all go to this spa now ... it is the best!
This is regarding a Brazilian. We all know it hurts to some extent, but I have found this waxing experience to be quite tolerable. I would highly recommend Natasha and Angalena. They both know what they're doing and are very thorough. Time pending, they will even take the time to tweeze anything left behind or get those ingrown hairs. Sorry to get a bit graphic, but for the price it cannot be beat. I have had only good experiences. I plan to go back this week, for my 5th time. From a cleanliness standpoint it is very well maintained and always spotless, No matter how busy they may be the waxing rooms are always clean and ready for the next client. Maybe once I had to roll down the paper but that was it. All in all this is a diamond in the rough, and anyone looking for a consistent and reliable wax should go here.
This place is definitely the best bang for your buck as far as I'm concerned. I have been going for brazillians there for the last 3 years, so that's all I can comment on. So what if the entrance isn't beautiful? Who cares if the receptionist can get a little moody? It's a bikini wax - did you really expect it to feel good? The place is clean, inexpensive, and efficient. A wax costs $32, there is no double-dipping in the wax, gloves are worn, the waiting area is clean and comfortable, the appointments are almost always on time, and the whole process takes less than 10 minutes. If you want to minimize pain, you should try a few different technicians there and stick with whoever you like best. Everyone has a different preference and not everyone is going to agree on what's the best method.
Fast, easy, and cheap!  15min and $32 later, I'm happily walking out the door.  Natasha is super quick and is the fastest but sometimes misses a few spots here and there.  Nora does a more thorough job but takes about 5min longer.  Olga does a good job like Nora but is much more talkative.  Natasha always, always talks about something so the time passes by even more quickly.  No matter who you go to, it'll hurt but after the first couple of times...you'll get used to it.
I will recommend J'aime Day Spa to anyone and everyone who needs a wax.  Love it. The space is clean and the staff is efficient.  I'm not going to name my favorite lady (because I want to make sure she's available whenever I'm there!) but everyone I've seen has been professional and will help you to get through the waxing with the least amount of pain as possible. Their thorough Brazilian wax is super well-priced and the process is as quick as can be.  I've been a client for ages and they have never let me down.
I've been coming to J'Aime monthly (give or take a few weeks here and there) for about a year and a half.  I am Natasha-loyal and will go out of my way to schedule with her.  I have been fighting a life-long battle with ingrowns and she takes the time after the super quick (but thorough!) wax to make sure the job is done right  - I'm talking tweezers and magnifying glass!  Plus we always have a nice chat to distract me from the awkwardness of being bare-bottomed with my legs in the air.   It's super cheap so one might worry about the quality, but really, the only difference between this an a $60 salon is beige paint, mood music, and some scented candles  - they aren't skimping on first rate estheticians at all.   If you're like me and are just looking for a clean, quick, affordable service rather than a spa experience - go to J'Aime (read: Natasha!) and spend the extra $20 on a great bottle of wine! :)
OK! so i never write reviews but I had to register just to let people know about this place! Got my make up and a blow out done here for an event and I was completely blown away! The blow out was pure perfection and I really loved the make up too. 33 for a blow-out? really? I almost feel like im robbing them! WILL BE BACK AGAIN AND AGAIN!
The actual waxing service here is great. However, I cannot get past the rude staff. So, if you don't mind being treated badly and just want a quick, affordable wax then this is the place to go. If you want to feel as though you are appreciated as a paying customer, I recommend going elsewhere.
I've been coming to J'aime Day Spa for years and highly recommend it. Natasha gives a quick, painless wax and the spa is really clean. You can't beat the price either!
GO HERE TO GET WAXED.  Not only will you never find a cheaper brazilian anywhere in the city, but you also won't deal with as friendly, helpful, and QUICK working staff.  I see Angela on a regular basis and I'm in and out of there in 20 minutes tops - 20 is usually when I add an additional service on top of the brazilian. It's staggeringly inexpensive and the place itself is clean as a whistle (as you will be too upon leaving). It's in a completely random location and you would never know it's there by walking by.  The place itself is spotless and the staff is generally very friendly. They don't re-use the wax sticks ever.  I've read reviews that they do that but I think perhaps they've changed their ways.  I've been going here for almost a year and even if I moved out of the city i'd commute here to get waxed.  I highly, highly recommend this place.  Do yourself, and your lady bits a favor and get waxed here.
I went last week based on the great Yelp reviews. I've had expensive brazilians at spas like Bliss and cheap DIY ones at home and have had good and bad experiences with both methods. J'Aime was one of the worst experiences. The room was cluttered like a storage closet and not reassuringly clean. The waxer was late and then quickly waxed me, leaving a misshapen wedge of hair and so many patches that I had to spend an hour with the tweezers when I got home and still shave in the morning. I would have asked her to do touch-ups but she kept putting her ungloved and probably unwashed hands in places even my ob-gyn doesn't deem necessary to touch. I just wanted to get out of there as quickly as possible. Ugh. Not worth saving a few bucks to be waxed clean if I leave feeling so dirty.
This place is quick, clean, and inexpensive for a Brazilian wax. I'm usually out in 10 minutes and it is usually painless. I love going here and after finding this place out on Yelp, I can't turn my back and go to another waxing place. I live pretty far from here but no matter my schedule, even if I have to wait until my semester breaks, I always make the time and effort to go here. Definitely the place for your Brazilian waxing!!
inexpensive, efficient and friendly service.  natasha is brilliant! i went to another salon near my old office for years but now that i'm in this area - i'm hooked.
although ive only gone once i was luckily with OLGA who only works saturdays (i believe?). she is hilarious. she is so funny and really takes the attention away from your va jay jay. 15 min tops. fast, smooth and so comfortable.. will go again soon. =D
this place is great, quick, reasonably priced. you're in. your'e out. :) i have only gone to olga, and she is great! $35 bucks, plus tip! smooth sailing...pun intended.  :)
I don't know what I'll do if I ever leave the city.  Angela is a god send.  She's the sweetest, kindest, most efficient brazilian waxers I have ever been to.  I have probably seen more than a dozen waxers since I started getting waxed at the age of 16 and all I can say is I have no idea what those waxers were thinking.  They need to take classes from the ladies at J'Aime.  The prices here are outrageously low, the spa is immaculately clean, you're in and out within 15 minutes.  A few things to note, they only take cash, be sure to make an appointment-they don't really accept walk ins, don't be late--you'll screw up your appointment and throw the rest of the schedules of track.  Make an appointment with Angela or Natasha--they are the best.
The quickest and most painless wax I ever got. Kudos to Natasha.
Love this place just don't ever go to Lucy unless you want to have your vagina brutally murdered with wax.
Highly recommended. very professional, great customer service and very good, pain-free and clean waxing.
started coming here earlier this year on recommendation from a friend when i needed to start spending less on waxing.  first 5 times were adequate - not great, but worth the $30, and quick.  sixth trip was bad - had to wait for 25 minutes past my appointment time, and left with pain and a ton of ingrown hairs - and half my hair had started growing back a few days later, meaning it was all just broken at the skin.  deciding to give one last chance, i went on friday: appointment took 30 minutes, and i left in a lot of pain - when my boyfriend looked, he realized that my skin had been burned with the wax.  will never go again - it's worth spending more. some of the people here do double dip, but most i've had do not.  it's not bad for the money, but i don't need to go through the pain and ingrown hairs anymore.
This place is freaking awesome. Cheap, fast, clean, and they do a FANTASTIC job. I am especially adamant about this after going through some horrible and expensive experiences when I moved out of NY and was forced to find a new place to get waxed. If you have ever been unfortunate enough to get a Brazilian from someone who has no idea what she is doing, then you know how painful and awkward that can be. Now that I am moving back to NY, I will be going back to J'Aime Day Spa every month. Thank goodness! Oh, and for the record, I have NEVER been double dipped here.
Worst pain of my life. This place is cheap but you get what you pay for. It's like a factory and they like to usher you in and out as quickly as possible. It was definitely fast but brutal. This is my 2nd time doing the Brazilian and it was about 20 times worse than the first time. The woman I had seemed like a sadist. I was actually bleeding and bruised afterwards. Never again. I would stay far far away unless you know someone to ask for.
I'm going to keep this review short and painless...just like the Brazilian waxes at J'Aime! (See what I did there?) Bad jokes aside, J'Aime is by far the best waxing experience I have ever had. Each of the estheticians are trained by the owner, Natasha, and I have to say, Natasha should get a medal. Okay, these waxes aren't painless (the person who creates that should REALLY get a medal), but it's pretty damn close. And most importantly, it's FAST. I am in and out of there with a great, long-lasting wax in under 15 minutes. Oh, and did I mention it's a mere $35? Can't beat that! J'Aime is super accommodating, and have always been able to fit me in if need be. Since my last visit, they moved into their new location on Park Ave, just around the corner from their old spot. It's fresher, more open, and lots more inviting; definitely an improvement. Give J'Aime a try and discover your go-to waxing spot! Bring cash for tips!
Just came from a bikini wax at J'Aime Day Spa and am very happy. I found this place on Yelp as I was sick of all the bad waxes I've been getting in New York. Ugh! The place has no street appeal (think midtown office building) and is a little grubby and clinical (kind of reminded me of an urgent care center - fluorescent lighting, a threadbare couch in the waiting room), but with 3 women already waiting and the receptionist busy taking incoming calls I could tell it was going to be ok. And I wasn't disappointed. The waxing job was very good - fast and very thorough. No errant hairs, left over wax or anything like that. Clean, clean, clean. Mind you, there's no pampering or anything. If you've never waxed before or need a little TLC - calm music playing in the background or gurgling fountains - you won't find it here. But you will find Nora, the Russian woman I had who was very good. Plus, I think I was out of there in 15 minutes tops - for a Brazilian, no less! And here's the kicker - it's only $35 for a Brazilian. I haven't found this cheap in NYC or anywhere for that matter. A total steal.
The specialist that did my Brazilian, my first Brazilian was really sweet and made me feel very comfortable. Although I was really anxious and scared she made my experience so much better and talked me through the whole thing, what I appreciated the most was she would tell me when it would be the most painful, just so I can prepare myself. Olga was amazing and I will definitely come back! You can't beat their price. ... I would've given them 5 stars if it wasn't for the receptionist, she was really rude over the phone and in person she looked as if she didn't want to be bothered, she didn't even make eye contact.
Everything you read here is true! I literally just got back and was compelled to immediately write a review.  Incredibly clean, professional, and NICE! I love anyone that can gracefully call you "sweetie" while all up in your business.
I've been a regular at J'aime for years. I stand by every word of my original review. (Below) Their new location is serene, beautiful & manages to improve upon what I didn't think could be.  If you've never been - now's the time to check out J'aime.   Original Review 10/02/2010: Phenomenal! I was checking the review sites for a waxing spot in my neighborhood. Having walked past J'Aime countless times, and seeing their rate & ratings, I thought I would give it a try. I've been to several other places here in Manhattan. (including the home of the v'jazzle.) This one, hands down, a winner. I went to Olga. A true professional. Not sure I've given anything else this many stars.
i had some hair removed here one time and i don't want to say where but it was a professional and painful experience. they were nice and tried to make the whole thing more bearable but all in all, i just felt pain. one star off for the pain.
After years of finding the perfect place they are the very BEST.  I used to go to Bliss in Hoboken and pay $70 + tip (which was always $20 because Sandy is the AMAZING-- I'd recommend her to everyone) but their services are just too expensive.  I'd end up paying $90 for a wax. Finally their price went up to $75 and after a few months I decided I needed to figure something out.  I tried European wax center in Hoboken just to save a few bucks and it was one of the WORST experiences (nothing tops the atrocity of the Wax Den in Bloomfield, NJ.  Seriously... I'd only recommend it to my worst enemy) plus I ended up going through a ridiculous mess for parking at European Wax Ctr.   So back to J'aime Spa lol-- It was recommended by a co worker of mine last year and I haven't gone anywhere since.  Natasha is the BEST.  She has great techniques and is FAST.  They are all pretty much fast but Natasha is my #1 gal.  The best part is that it's only $33!!! I have never found a place that could top that plus the great service.   Oh! and most importantly-- they DO NOT double dip.  That is the deal breaker right there.
I've never had a Brazilian wax before so I appreciated how it was over sooner than I anticipated and less painful than I thought it would be. (Natasha helped me.) Later that evening though, when I was finally brave enough to check my nether regions, I discovered that not all the hair was removed! There are a lot of broken hairs that were neither cleanly waxed nor plucked away. I was expecting better based on the Yelp reviews, but at least I paid $30 + tip and not $80...
Decided to try a new (and cheaper) place for a change. It's very clean; stuff doesn't give you too much unwanted attention (if you know what I mean). but waxing caused too much irritation and wasn't that pristine.
Great prices, sterile, and all the girls are very professional. Unfortunately, Alla, my preferred waxologist, no longer works there. She is now at Confidence Beauty Salon. I love Alla and her new home even better I must say!
I originally had a hard time finding the salon because they have no sign in front. When i walked in there were girls seated but they took me right away for a lip and brown wax. Place was clean, the girl at the front wasn't that friendly - i mean she wasn't outright rude, but she wasn't nice either. Just a little attitude for whatever reason, we all have our days... The woman did my lip wax and only did the sides, not the center of my lip which is a half-ass job in my book. Brows were ok. She didn't put any lotion on after waxing me which usually salons do to help the redness, she just said done, and didn't hand me a mirror or anything to see if my brows were shaped to my liking. I ended up paying $25 for a mediocre job and i have stray hairs 3 days later.
Just got back from this place, freshly waxed. It's a 15 minute walk from my work but I was there & back well within my 1 hour lunch break. I had Irene. She was lovely. "You are strong, but we are strong too." Green wax. No double dipping, a new popsicle stick each time. Very clean, precise, efficient. 15 minutes! No sticky residue. I couldn't have asked for more. It was very bearable. It's on the second floor of the building, so don't get confused. And as of June 1st, cash only! They apologize for the inconvenience. :)
Love it here! They do an amazing Brazilian with funny stories during every appointment. Definitely will recommend this place. Actually, I already have! Haha
Never before has a bikini wax been a pleasant experience. I was skeptical, as I've been to highly-regarded places and gotten less-than-stellar results. That was not the case with Lena at J'Aime. I made an appointment on Friday for the following day and didn't wait at all upon arrival. I was given the option to pre-pay, which was great since no one wants to dig through their purse while their lady bits are inflamed and painful. The total was $32 or so, and I ended up pre-tipping about $8. Lena was worth every cent! I would have paid twice that for the service I got. She was efficient, kind, thorough and genuinely seemed concerned for my comfort. I am actually looking forward to my next visit.
Quickest and most painless Brazilian I have ever had. If I lived in NY, this would be my new go to place. I called at 11am on a Saturday morning and was able to get an appointment at 12pm that same day. The place is kind of hard to find. It is part of a residential building that has three doors. J'Aime is behind the black door with no green awning and no number on it. The woman who did my brazilian spoke very little so she did not do too much to distract me, but she was very thorough and did not double dip. Very hygienic. I also loved the decor and the light color scheme was very calming.
Went today for a brazilian and it was great.  The service was great for the price, the job turned out perfect and I was out in 15 minutes.  Nora was the specialist that attended to me and she was so nice.  My overall experience was fantastic and I will definitely make my way back here next month.
First time Brazilian! I came in on a Saturday morning, and they set my appointment within 20 mins of my call. I'm not sure what my technician's name was but she was funny, and easy to feel comfortable for a first timer. It was a bit painful but it will be painful regardless of where you go. I was in and out in 15 minutes and the technician warned me when the more painful parts were coming. It's very clean and they don't double dip the stick into the hot wax or reuse strips, I was very wary of that obviously. It's a shame I don't live in New York permanently because I would without a doubt come back! So worth it and only $36.
I've been going to J'aime Day Spa for brazilian waxes for the past 4 years.  I've had almost every waxer, but Nora is the best!  She's super fast and efficient.  She does not double dip and wears rubber gloves.  If there are any stray hairs that were missed, she'd make sure to pluck them.  $32 and change is definitely a great deal for great brazilians.
Great spot.  Loved Natasha.   She was fantastic. Quick, great attitude - everything I would want from someone ripping hair from my body.   Most definitely recommended for a fast, cheap and very professional wax.
I've been going to J'Aime Day Spa for over 5 years and they have been consistently clean and professional.  I love the friendly staff and feel that I would be hard pressed to find another spa of this calibar in the city that performs their level of service for the price.  I have recommended them to all of my friends and will continue to do so.  I'm a huge fan!
Oh J'Aime. I just went somewhere else cause I was strapped for time, but never again. I'll even forgive the usually pretty unhelpful receptionists because J'Aime waxers are THE REAL DEAL. Live and learn.
I'd give it zero stars if I could. Maybe in a few days if I ever heal from the waxing and can walk without pain I'd give it one star. No hygiene- they don't even all wear gloves doing Brazilians. They don't check the temperature of the wax. And the rudeness... you get what you paid for. Better to pay a few bucks more and not be burned.
I called for an appointment and they saw me right away! (Within 20mins of calling). I had a full Brazilian, and out of all of my waxes, this was the least painful. BeBeauty on Canal St did a HORRIBLE job so I decided against waxes for awhile. I read the reviews recently so I decided to go. They were very quick. It was almost painless. I don't know how, but I almost didn't feel a thing.
Like many other reviewers have said, a good Brazilian and especially for the price. The front desk person tends not to be the friendliest, but all the beauticians I have had have been friendly and have made what is usually an unpleasant experience as pleasant as possible.
Olga was fantastic. I'm not going to say the wax didn't hurt at all but I get what the other reviews mean. They have a distraction technique which is highly effective. It's fast and efficient. Olga is a gem. Her personality is beautiful. She puts you at ease during a most uncomfortable experience. She even has some jokes!! I'll be back. OH! No double dipping here!! They use a new stick each time. I was watching. I skeeve double dippers.
Holy lightening fast! This was my first brazilian and it was a breeze (as breezy as a bikini wax can be) I totally recommend Angela, she makes you feel very comfortable and the entire process took 10 minutes! The price is also very reasonable.... $31 plus tip.
I got a Brazilian today with Natasha and it was by far the best wax I have ever gotten. She was very professional friendly and very knowledgable. I hadn't had a full Brazilian in awhile & it was not painful at all. She uses a technic which helps a lot! I am def going to be returning and I highly recommend them!!! Thanks for a pleasant experience!!
I have been coming to J'Aime for my bikini waxes for over six years now and would never dream of going anywhere else. The waxes here are quick, affordable, and effective. Natasha is my favorite but all the beauticians are nice and professional, and I always feel comfortable despite the intrinsically awkward legs-in-the-air circumstances. I've recommended J'Aime to many of my friends and they're all regulars now as well. It's the best.
Angela is the sweetest, most knowledgable, professional wax specialist I have ever had! I highly recommend her. She gets the job done and makes you feel so comfortable. I wish I could give her and the day spa 6 stars.
AMAZING.  I cannot say enough about this place.  I have been coming here to get waxed for 6 years.  I would and will never go anywhere else, even now when I live in Brooklyn and when I've lived out of state...I wait until I get back to town because it's that worth it.  It is clean, quick, relatively painless (all things considered definitely the most pain-free wax I've ever had) and likely the cheapest deal you'll find. Natasha is a god-send.
I come here for their waxing services. Always very professional and the wait is never long. I usually make an appointment the day before and they usually have the time spot available that I prefer. The waxes are done pretty fast and almost painless!
I've been going here since 2007 and have been consistently impressed and pleased with the service.  It's inexpensive, fast, and the waxing is as painless as possible under the circumstances.  Highly recommended!
J'Aime Day spa is a no-frills kind of spa, but I will never go anywhere else to get a wax. They're inexpensive and quick, they don't double-dip, and they make the process as painless as a wax can be. Plus, they've been able to accomodate last-minute wax appointments quite easily. I usually get waxed by Nora, but the other staff that I've had appointments with have been just as good.
honestly, amazing!!!!!! i would go back again today for another wax if i could but, well, thats not possible. seriously, go here if you are looking to get a quick, as painless as it gets, cheap wax. they are soooooooo nice, soooo efficient. irene is great. dont forget to make an app tho! oh and you dont have to get "buzzed" in, just push the door really hard!
I got my first brazillian here and it was wonderful. The technicians  are amazing!  You'll laugh you'll cry and in the end you'll be happy. They  made it as painless as possible and were fast and efficient.
I had Olga and was a painless experience. She is also very funny and a friendly person. I was in and out, super fast and overall very clean. Definitely check this place out.
Back in NJ I used to always go to European Wax Center.  But when I moved to NYC I found that their locations here are awful, to say the very least.  I finally found this place and I am so happy I did!  It was by far the cheapest, least painful, quickest, and longest-lasting Brazilian I've ever had! I was lucky enough to have Natasha who taught me a new breathing technique and guided me through it, which really helped.  This was my first time using soft wax, instead of hard wax and because of the way she did it, it was actually less painful!  She was very efficient and I was in and out of there in about 15 minutes.  I also made my appointment the night before so it was super convenient.  Including tax, it came to $35.  Amazing! She was quite thorough and now, three and a half weeks later, there is very little regrowth!  In the past it's always come back after about two weeks. A few notes.  Tip is cash only.  Don't go expecting super professional or discrete service.  They are clean though, and they do not double-dip, which is my main requirement.
Best - Brazilian - EVER! Just read all the other five star reviews and there is not much more that I can add.  Great experience - basically minimum pain (if that's even possible, it would be possible here) - inexpensive at $35 - and quick!   Olga did my brazilian and I will be returning! Only thing I noticed is that it seems that the hair started growing back quicker than in my past waxing experiences.  Don't think it would deter me from returning because of the price, minimal pain and super nice ladies.
Know before you go...basically this place is great if you want to go in, get waxed, and get out in 20-30 minutes. This is not a spa experience. Don't expect to be fawned over or to have someone really check you over thoroughly. But then again, don't expect to pay spa prices! To accompish this feat, this means the salon has to work quick and efficiently, and they do. The receptionist is a no nonesense kind of girl. She slots people as they arrive into one of many little waxing rooms/stations. She's also calling women who are threatening to disrupt the system...ahem...those women who are running late. So lesson #1: don't be late. The women doing the waxing are quick and quiet. They're just trying to move, also, as quickly and efficiently as possible. In fact, they're known really for doing the quick bikini wax, so much so, that it's just assumed that's what you're there for. There was some confusion with me (ummm...why are you not getting undressed?), since I wasn't there for a bikini wax, but it got quickly sorted out. Lesson #2: They assume you want a bikini wax/Brazilian unless you specify. Everyone seemed to be a regular. I mean they all were calling eachother by their first names and chatting it up in the cute little waiting area. My only complaint is I feel like my hair grew back a little more quickly than I'm used to. Not sure if it was the wax or the technique or maybe my faulty memory? In any case, I'm still pleased and would likely go back if I'm in the area again.
I've had a lot of Brazilian waxes in my lifetime coming from Southern California. Olga is by far the best waxer I have been to. The wax was the least painful I've ever had, she was extremely professional, friendly, and an overall extremely likeable person. The owner was also extremely friendly. My Brazilian looks AWESOME, the least amount of irritation and stray hairs I've ever had. I will definitely be waiting to get my waxes when I'm in New York at J'Amie! Thanks for a good experience.
One of the best and most affordable places to get waxed in the city. The women are very professional and welcoming as well as extremely organized. The wait is never long and you can make an appointment the day before with no problem. I had Natasha for a brazilian and she was wonderful! I was in and out in about 15 minutes and it does not hurt as bad as a lot of people may think. I would definitely recommend going here for any type of wax. Check their website for their prices and you will see the difference and how much you'll save in the long run.
FIRST-TIMERS--- READ ! ( I labored to write for you) Brazilian or Brazillian Waxing is serious. A woman's pubis her intimate body holy grail. Secret, nice and all the spice.   I'm your typical average suburban married woman in her 20s. Conservative, faithful to husband and creatively inventive. A hairless pubis is nothing new to me. I know first-hand that Middle Eastern women, especially in Riyadh, perceive body hair as unclean. Think about it --- honey waxing, sugar wax, hard wax etc.. can be traced to the East. It's a cultural and geographical phenomenon we've come to inherit in the US. First assess your psychological and physical readiness. Why on earth would you subject your loveliness to this painful procedure? How is your pain threshold? If you can't even muster to pluck your eyebrows, remember this is a hundred times more painful. I had my first brazilian wax an hour ago. BUT I've plucked my pubis hair before.  I'll repeat it again --- I've literally painstakingly plucked my pubis one by one. This shows you the kind of pain tolerance I have. And you might think I'm crazy, but at that time I couldn't think of any stranger looking at my private parts wide-open, except for my husband and obgyn. Plucking becomes less painful if you do it all the time, but its time consuming. It took me years to consider brazillian waxing.  My mom used to own a salon, but I never entertained the idea of her waxing me.  Most likely, she'll remark on labia folds and cutting styles down there. I love her very much, but I'm not ready for any suggestions on 'flower' arrangements. First-time wax-pluck is painful, regardless of what they say. I got teary eyed when Rachel, the waxer, pulled it.  Oh! I forgot, you'd also have to check on your bush -iness. More hair means more effort needed to pull the strip. Rachel did struggle a bit because I've got stubborn ones. The worst thing that can happen is when the pulling mechanism stops half way. That is the absolute pain euphoria. You'll be thinking flying pigs over your head.   What a beauty afterwards! The pain is worth it because I feel so clean. Let's be frank about this, when you pee several times a day and have hair down there, even a stubble, it is likely to catch urine scent and all.  Its not like we have bidet toilets that gushes out and washes our folds with streaming water and dries it with auto air dryer.  No, so we're not fresh all the time.  (My mom said dad likes it stinky, so that's another story) I think brazilian waxed 'flower' is clean, nice and pretty. Helps with air circulation too!  Hahahhaha! So after your wax, expect a burning sensation. Much like when someone scratched your skin. It'll take like approx. 5 minutes, soon after you'll feel warm. It feels exactly like a cup of warm coffee down there. I assume this is caused by  endomorphine or natural anesthetic/ pain reliever. I hope you learned a bit from my experience. Most of yelp reviews helped me with my decision and preparation for this procedure.     J-salon looks like a clean place. But I was bowled over by first-time pain to notice if she was re-dipping the disposable stick over this wax-filled basin (quite big) filled with melted wax at a constant temperature.  Someone should take a note on this.  IF  she re-dips the stick from wax to pubis without constant change of applicator, then the wax-filled container can be a breeding ground for certain bacteria.  I was not asked to clean my flower before entering the room, but volunteered to do so for personal hygiene. Just imagine if all customers goes in there without washing + STDs, then I wouldn't be surprised if I get sick. Good thing I got the lunch session so I'm one of the first users of the day.   Since I'm clean freak and protective of my 'flower,' I hope they'd find a way to implement standards in cleanliness like washing prior to waxing or constant change of spatula. Or have just one small container for  each customer than a gallon of wax which everyone shares. If I get sick, I'll write a super long review. Make no mistake about it. I'm serious.
Fact: Having hair ripped out of your hoo ha is never pleasant. Now that we're clear, it IS pretty awesome to have a place that will do the job as painlessly as I've ever experienced, that accommodates walk-ins and that only charges $30 for the whole thing without any shadiness. It's a pretty no frills day spa on the second floor of a shabby looking building and all their products are simple, generic brand but it does the job and the price is right.
Before your first time you usually hear a lot of stories. Stories of pain. Stories of romance. Stories of endless conversation, unimaginable positions. They tell you it's going to hurt like a bitch. They tell you to relax, it'll hurt more if you're tense. Knowing all of this, I walked into J'aime, ready for Natasha to pop my Brazilian cherry. But Natasha had left early, leaving me with 15 minutes for the Advil to kick in and the least recommended "waxtician" (i coined a term!) in the joint. Lena. I was utterly terrified. I looked at the clock and prayed to the gods of the highest heavens that this was some miracle advil. It wasn't. I've never endured such horrific pain in my life. It took all the strength in my pint sized body not to scream bloody murder. And you know what? After all of that she didn't even get everything off. I was so upset! Yes, I'm silky smooth for the most part. But not completely! For the amount of pain that I endured you'd think that I wouldn't grow hair for a year. I will give her props for ATTEMPTING to help me with breathing techniques, but it just wasn't cutting it. I think I'd rather shave than have a similar experience...but I might try another place before making such a bold statement. My boyfriend better be ecstatic.
I love you I love you I love you. OH MAN. So. I view Brazilian waxers the way some girls view their hairdressers. The right waxer/hairdress can make ALL the difference. I know some girls who will fly cross country to keep their hairdressers. !!! Yeah, I know. So, when I moved from NJ to NY, I was really hesitant about losing my waxer in my hometown. Finding J'Aime Day Spa was really a lifesaver. What You Should Know: :::Bikini waxes? THEY HURT. And they should hurt. There's a person pouring hot wax on your hooha area and then ripping it off. If it doesn't hurt, then I'm sorry, you've lost feeling down there and I feel bad for any future sexual experiences you might encounter. IT HURTS. Take 2 Advil an hour before your appointment and try to relax. But you know what makes the difference between pain that makes it worth it and pain that makes you vow NEVER to get a bikini wax again? The waxer! Yes, ladies. It is ALL ABOUT THE WAXER. Wax is wax. It will hurt. It all depends on who is the one doing the waxing. I had Natasha for my first few times. I read the reviews and apparently she is the celebrity here. As she should be. She is a true expert. The slapping techniques really did help. And she's so friendly, giving you tips and making sure you're comfortable. I have no problem with going to her exclusively EXCEPT because of her popularity, she can be hard to book. So that brought me to Nora. Nora. Awesomely awesome Nora. She's ridiculously fast. I've never spent more than 10 minutes with her, and honestly, that's what you want. She also has a different technique than most waxers but believe me, it works. The best part about J'Aime? $30 bikini waxes! WHAT WHAT?? I'm used to paying at least $50 which I really don't mind, but $30 for an experienced and FAST waxer? You honestly can't beat that. So, to end, thank you J'Aime. From the bottom of my lady heart (and lady parts!), thank you. You guys are AWESOME.
I'm of two minds of this place: if you are familiar with waxing, you should definitely try J'Aime and make up your own mind. However, if you are new to waxing, read on. The Good: -Um, CHEAP. $30 for a Brazilian is basically unheard of just about anywhere. Even your corner nail salon that does those sketchy waxes in the back behind a curtain is more expensive than this place. -Lady knows what she's doin. I had Nora and she was pleasant as pie, and rather efficient. Putting me in positions I had never experienced before (ever) and whippin those wax strips off left and right. -Come to think of it, the whole shop is rather efficient. They have ladies coming and going in and out of doors like a well-oiled machine. You're in and out of there in about 15-20 min. The So-So: -Rather dingy shopfront (you buzz in on the street and it's on the 2nd floor); though the spa is clean and well-maintained. -Products they use to clean ya up are generic brand name talcum powder and lotions. Which is fine, I'm just sayin you get what you pay for. The Bad -J'Aime's wax hurts like a mother. I am very familiar with waxing, Bliss has been getting a decent chunk of moola from me for years. And now I can see why. Their miracle wax is a god send. This was not. I was terrified throughout the whole thing. To recap: If you are new to waxing, IMO this is not the place to get your first job down yonder. The rooms are a bit sterile and you almost feel like you're going in to see your lady doc - not really conducive to a relaxing atmosphere. However, I'm not ruling out a 2nd visit to J'Aime. As the saying goes, you should try everything at least twice and who knows, maybe I got soft going to Bliss all these years. And $30 Brazilian? C'mon. I can stop being such a wuss and suck it up for that price.
Let me expatiate* On the other coast, I go here: yelp.com/user_details_re… which will also explain what uh, service, I am suggesting. Ladies, I need you to know that J'Aime is: Quick Efficient Excellent at what they do Crazy inexpensive Painless Thank you, that is all. *Props to Laura N for my every expanding vocabulary.  My mother thanks you.
Fellow yelpers, have you ever been sitting in a place of business and all you can think to yourself is, "I can't wait to get home so I can write a yelp review of this place!?!"  Well, today was that day for me.  Today also marked my 2nd visit to this spa and I have such bittersweet feeling about the place.  So, I will share with you: (1) THE GOOD; (2) THE BAD; and (3) THE UGLY. THE GOOD: (1) I have gone to Alla and to Olga for waxing at this place.  They both are very meticulous about getting off hair on everything that you have requested.  They use new sticks every time they go into the wax container.  After you're done waxing, they make sure to clean you off and put medicated powder on you. (2) The Brazilian waxes are generally $30 and I bought a groupon for 3 waxes for $39!!  I would say you can't beat this price (well, you can't beat that groupon price! :-) but apparently there are a lot of waxing spas in this area that do Brazilian waxing for ~$30. THE BAD: (1) During my 1st visit to the salon, I could have sworn I was walking into a 1950's illegal abortion clinic in the middle of Harlem.  After being buzzed into the building, I was greeted by 2 trash cans and some raggedy looking wooden stairs that were overshadowed by dirty and peeling wall paint.  In all fairness, since this initial visit, they have painted the wall a beige color. (2) There are no paper towels in the bathroom and I don't know about y'all but I tend to want to open the bathroom door with paper towel. (3) I would love to see some hand sanitizer at the register so I can clean my hands after using the same pen as other clients. THE UGLY: (1) During my visit today, the owner's dog ran up to me and licked my leg.  Seeing that I am PETRIFIED of dogs AND I am ALLERGIC TO DOG HAIR, I asked, "Excuse me, can the owner of this dog please come and get it?  The dog is beginning to lick me."   The owner, rolled her eyes, came from behind the receptionist desk and retrieved the dog.  Noting her irritation with me, when it was my turn at the desk, I tried to ease the awkwardness between us by saying, "I'm sorry if I offended you, I am working on telling dog owners when I am afraid of their pets. " She then said, " Yes, you were very rude."  I was completely offended by this but since she quickly resumed answering the phones before I had a chance to respond, I decided to just sit down and wait my turn for my waxing.   As I sat in the spa, I saw several of the estheticians go behind the receptionist desk and pick up the dog.  Seeing that they were in their salon coats, they don't wash their hands between clients (you can see them enter and leave the various salons rooms from the wait area), and I am allergic to dogs; I am appalled by the lack of cleanliness of this salon and I cannot return to this place.  I have posted two pictures of one of the estheticians holding the dog. S/N: can you imagine anyone (esp. folks w/dog allergies) getting dog hairs in their womanly areas?   :-/ (2) After one of the clients who got waxed before me entered her salon room, the owner asked her esthetician to come to the desk area and she told her, "she has an appointment for more waxing than you have time to complete, so, do what you can by 2:30."  The esthetician was confused by her orders so she asked the owner what she wanted her to do about it, and the owner raised her voice and said, "You can't do it all!"  About 20 minutes later (I was a walk-in customer which is why I was still waiting), the owner got up, knocked on the door and loudly said, "What are you doing in there?"  Apparently, the esthetician was half way finished waxing the client's upper leg and this made the owner angry because she shouted, "you have other clients so you need to wrap it up!"   Could you imagine being the customer inside of that room at that moment?  Personally, if I were that customer, I would have preferred the owner to have this conversation with me while I was fully clothed in the office instead of having the esthetician tell me she's going cut corners or to have the owner damn near break down the door while I'm butt naked on the waxing table! I am so happy I was able to get a FULL REFUND when I reported my experiences at this "spa" to groupon!
So I did it. I bared all just yesterday and I felt it was only fair to share my experience with my fellow Yelpers: To say that I was sweating (from being nervous) is an understatement. Rushing to make it on time (even though I made it 20 minutes early), I noticed that the back of my foot was scraping against my Uggs. So I make it there, panting because for some reason I had it in my head that I had to rush and it was also gross outside and ask to go the bathroom to uh, you know-- clean up. Moving on: So I notice that my left foot is bleeding: AHHH so that's why it hurt so bad. Not that any of that had to do with my wax but I'm just setting up some background: I was nervous, sweating, and apparently bleeding. Angela took me early and asked me to take off my pants and underwear. I hesitated. She asked me why and I said, "Well, there's hair down there." She laughed at me and said, "yes, I know. Now get on the table and take off your underwear." And she went right to it. Yes it hurt. At some points incredibly so. But it's all about breathing. And it's over before you know it. It really helped having a conversation throughout the whole thing, as your mind is distracted-- even if for a moment. I have a low tolerance for pain and even I can say that it WASN'T. THAT. BAD. And I'm saying that as someone who never got more than her eyebrows waxed. I'm so proud of myself. But yes to the communal wax. Maybe it's just me, but I don't care. In my eyes, it's just hair.
I went here almost a month ago and went with the majority of yelpers and opted for Natasha. As a result, I had to go a little around her schedule versus mine but I put my faith in my fellow yelpers and decided to just stick with her. I had an appointment midday during the week and when I arrived there were a good number of ladies waiting. The waiting area has an antiseptic feel which is a nice feeling for me when it comes to going in for a wax versus a normal dayspa. And I have to say either the receptionist has been reading all her negative yelp reviews and put her inner bitch in check or else its a new person entirely. She was very nice and soft spoken ... (even so when I double checked the yelp review a few minutes before my time to realize that it said they don't take credit cards it took me all my courage to go and bother her for fear of being devoured the result? they did take cards and she didn't bite my head off) I would just like to pause here and say that I did in fact want a wax. When I called and asked for Natasha they didn't ask me what service I wanted so I'm going to assume that's all she does. But it was still weird to not be asked and be told to go into a room like they know exactly what I want....moving on So now I'm sent to room 1 alone and Natasha will be in to see me and another dilemma begins. How much clothing do I remove? Just my pants..pants and underwear...just be naked as the day God made me when she comes in?! ....I opted for just pants and then I'm like.... ::sigh:: there is a chair AND the doctor like table...where do I sit? For a few seconds I sat on the chair in my underwear and then thought "will this is incredibly unhygenic I'll sit on the table. Panic attack #2 subsides and in enters what must be Natasha. She does the deep breathing yada yada and she also talks to you which I find surprisingly comforting as it distracts you from the fact that she's yanking hair off your cooch with lightning speed. The process took my exactly 8 minutes (appointments are in 15 minute blocks) and after ripping off the last stretch so to speak she finally introduces herself and is out the door. A relatively social awkward experience for me...but I will definitely be back
It has been a while since I took the time to write a Yelp review, but I literally just came home from my wax at J'aime and immediately jumped on here to warn others about the waxing experience here. That is how horrified I am.  If I could assign negative starts, I would.  This wasn't my first Brazilian wax, so I hope that qualifies my review a little in that I'm not just a newbie unhappy with some pain.   I chose J'Aime because it was close to where I was running errands and because I figured an average 4-star rating averaged over 100+ reviews had to be a good sign, right?   WRONG. In my past waxing experiences, the waxer gave me more than a couple minutes to undress AND gave me some kind of sheet/paper to cover up before they came back in.  Hey, maybe it's 2011, but some of us are still modest and I loved my waxer in my former city for recognizing it can be awkward to have a stranger walking into a room where you're naked from the waist down with no cover up.  At J'Aime, this is exactly what happened and it made my anxiety level shoot up from the beginning. The wax with Olga WAS quick.  Not pain-free, and I agree with other posters that the wax they use probably contributes to the pain, but it was definitely quick....maybe too quick, because it was less than 7 minutes.  For some people, this is a virtue, but when I think about my other waxes, I liked they took a little more time to position me and check their work.  here, I felt like I was in a waxing assembly line. But that's not the worst part.  It's one thing for a waxer to be efficient and good, it's another when the waxer leaves the room and I look down to check out the result before getting dressed, only to find that I AM BLEEDING AND MISSING PATCHES OF SKIN DOWN THERE.  I am not talking about an irritated red follicle of hair here and there....I literally mean a couple of small patches of skin,  gone.  I got my clothes on, slinked out of there (at this point, I was actually grateful the receptionist had asked me to pre-pay because I obviously was not about to leave a tip), and ran like hell back home so I could shower and add to the pain some more by throwing peroxide on those tortured areas.  I don't even know if I got them all.   I'm a physician, and all I can think of is that I have open skin wounds in one of the areas of the body most susceptible to infection.  I will be taking self-prescribed prophylactic antibiotics the next couple of days while I pray and pray that I don't come down with cellulitis. Go at your own risk.
Didn't know there was a #1? Brazilian wax, best. technique.ever.  Left the place tear free. Quick. Friendly. Have friends who frequent here as well. This place is like a hooker. A sure thing.
Nobody I've ever met actually LIKES the sensation of getting a Brazilian wax, so it's best to find a place that makes the experience as quick and painless as possible. When I moved to NYC I was so bummed to leave my trusty waxer* of the last 4 years behind, but I think I've found a solid replacement. I've been to this place three times, and plan on returning many more. I've three different waxers: Olga, Nora, and Ala. They were all very professional, polite, and more importantly, FAST. They get the job done in 10-12 minutes, which is more than I can say for some other places in this city. The waxes are very good, too, and last. Also, they're very accommodating when it comes to appointment times. I got out of work early and showed up half an hour early, and they fit me in within five minutes. The price is also hard to beat: $35 for a Brazilian. Make sure you bring cash though, since they only accept tips in cash. Would have been worthy of 5 stars except for the entrance, which is a little sketchy the first time you walk up - dingy, dirty staircase to the second floor. That said, the salon itself is clean, so power through. *You never forget your first, do you, ladies?
I couldn't give a shit about fancy decor.  I like my brazilians quick and dirty.  No frills, just get it done and over with.  And that's what J'Aime did. Came in for an appointment with Nora.  Sweet little Russian lady who got right down to business.  Start to finish, I was out in 15 minutes. For $30 plus tip, you can't beat this place.
Awesome spot to get a very thorough wax! Pre-beach vacation I was scouring yelp for a good place nearby, and decided to check out J'Aime. My appointment was at 1pm and I was out of there by 1:15! There was no wait, and the wax was really quick. I had Irene who was really friendly and talked me through everything she was doing. These women are definitely thorough and will leave no place untouched! They use plenty of baby powder and are so quick that it barely hurts. For just $30, it was definitely the best Brazilian I've ever had. You can get a basic bikini for $20 or French for $23-$25. They also have a full menu of other spa services including Guinot facials. Hint: It is a bit hard to find, but is next door to Sophie's Cuban restaurant in an unmarked door where you buzz in and go up to the second floor
Best brazillian ever. I really wanted to try getting one but can barely make it through an eyebrow wax. However, after reading reviews (thanks Yelp!) I decided to brave my fear ad give this place a try. My person was super nice and relatively fast. She kept up the convo and was friendly without being pushy or over-bearing (NEVER good when you have someone down there, if you know what I mean.) It's no bliss spa but is pretty clean. They teach you how to breathe during the um, pulling.. so that it's relatively comfortable. I went to a few places after and am never straying from J'Aime ever again. No Brazillian is ever painless but after trying other places the ouch factor here is truly very minimal. I've already recommended to a lot of my friends and everyone loves it as much as I do. You really have no excuses! (Even if bikini season is wrapping up in NYC).
Ok so I am forgiving, but three strikes? Nope- you're out. Started going to J'aime this summer... I was very excited because I had heard of such awesome things about this great so-called gem in the city: inexpensive brazilians ($30), professional, private. My first visit, I was a novice... I mean just the thought of 'splaying myself on a table while some stranger yanked the strands off my vajayjay is never a happy one! I saw Nora- she was kind, pleasant and the experience was not as painful or invasive as I had envisioned. Oh-oh, are those random strands left behind? Uh-oh is that regrowth in a couple of days? Breaking hairs at the surface is not what I'm paying you for! That's called shaving! Silly me returned (maybe it was the prices)- I saw The famous Natasha that everyone hailed! She was nice but straight to business which I liked. But wait... Is this a rerun? Same results as the first time! Sigh Third time (silly me again) saw Nora again and somehow I expected a different result? Fail. I will not be returning... $30 is an awesome price, yes but I want a wax that lasts longer than it takes for me to walk out the door. Au revoir J'aime!
Great Brazilian waxes at wonderful prices. The atmosphere is relaxing, all of the waxers I've had here over the past two years have been great (but I always prefer Natasha, as she gives great man advice while cleaning up my bikini region). Always fast, always clean, and they give great advice to help me combat ingrowns. The Brazilian here is twice as good as J Sisters' and half the cost.
Love this place, fast, clean, the esthetician Olga was friendly, professional and fast. I was in and out in like 15 mins. What i don't like if when you call the girl on the phone doesn't say the name of the place just hello ( i hate when people do that). Then she doesn't ask you who do you prefer to see and for what service  do you need.  She needs to be more friendlier when answering the phone and ask how can she help you.
Clean, fast, attentive, great customer service. if you're looking for fancy, go elsewhere, but this is my go to spot from now on.  Can't be beat for $31.73! Oh and if you decide to take it all off, just leave your bashfulness at the door...it'll be over within 15 minutes!
This is the best and only place any girl should go for their waxing needs.  Seriously.  Even though getting waxed isn't the most exciting kind of appointment to keep, I do sort of look forward to seeing Natasha...hm, something about her Russian accent and "we will take care of you, see? quick and easy, all done" attitude is strangely comforting.  I know I'm not the only one who feels this way (Exhbit A: all review before this one). Cash only tipping.
An awkward little entrance on Madison. But serene and sparkling white inside. Services were awesome and a steal!  Will def be back.
Cheapest, quickest, (relatively) least painful brazilian waxes I've ever gotten in my (relatively) short (or unlived? i can't think of an appropriate word) life.   I definitely recommend Irene.  She was exceptionally understanding.  "Relaax," she said in her soporific Eastern European accent.
I've been getting waxes (including Brazilians) for over 10 years in many cities across the US.  I LOVE J'aime Day Spa.  If you're looking to be pampered, or if this is your first wax, you may want to go elsewhere.  But if you want a no-nonsense wax- quick, cheap, consistent, with less pain that most other places that I've been too- this is your spot.  Olga and Ala are the best, but I usually call in such desperation that I get whoever has that time slot, and they're all great.  They're hilarious- you get into interesting conversations about Russian politics, the utility of husbands, and work ethic, all rolled up in a 10 minute Brazilian. This is my 4th year coming here. I've lived between Harlem and Brooklyn, worked up UES and downtown Manhattan, and always regret going elsewhere when  I've tried Groupons for spots closer to wherever I live or work.  I always end up at J'aime Day Spa.
This place is bipolar. Sometimes the receptionist is in a good mood and will be nice to you; sometimes she will not look you in the eye while speaking to you. I choose to come here because its a lot cheaper than in my neighborhood (upper west side) and most of the estheticians are fast and talk you though the painful and uncomfortable experience of getting a bikini wax. The estheticians will get mad at you if they notice you have dared to use a razor to cut the hair instead of waxing. So in conclusion, don't mind the receptionist with the attitude when you walk in and don't shave before coming in either.
Looooove this place. Who knew I'd ever actually look forward to getting a Brazilian? Whenever I go, I feel entirely at ease with the all the women, and as of right now I've tried 3 different girls (accidentally, I keep rescheduling). They are so so so sweet, and actually care what your vajayjay looks like when it's done.  Feels like home. And it's quick! I'm usually out of there in 10 minutes flat. As for the pain, a Brazilian is going to hurt either way, but when it comes to waxing the nether regions, quicker really IS better, and less painful. J'Aime knows this, and does it well. And the price! $31 bucks for an excellent wax? It's generally unheard of. I strongly recommend Angela. She's one of the most thorough ones. Lina is good, too. And although I have never had Natasha (she's booked for ages) my lucky friend got in with her on a last minute wax. Good reviews all around. If you want your little V to be taken care of, there is no other place you should go. 5 stars? Heck, I'd give it 6 if it was possible.
Everything about the experience from the moment I walked in the door was telling me to run and never come back...up until the bill. Only $30 plus tip for a Brazilian?!? Seriously, that is a great deal, and really the only way I can afford to continue getting waxed. But what you don't pay in cash you do pay for...in pain. I have been getting waxed for 10+ years and never felt such misery. Plus, the receptionist was bitchy and sanitation questionable (can we say double dip?). If it weren't for the price tag I wouldn't even think of going back, but for me it is this or shaving....so I'll probably return in 4 weeks as instructed, this time with some percocet in hand. My advice: If you can afford to shell out a few extra bucks for your wax, I would do so in an instant. Also, anyone new to the Brazilian should *definitely* avoid this place, for fear you may be turned away from them forever. I mean, it's going to hurt no matter what, but there IS such a thing as a tolerable Brazilian wax.
This is based on only one visit so I can't yet speak to consistency, but let me just say: OLGA IS AWESOME.  I got a deep french bikini wax in literally 9 minutes flat.  It hurt less than any other waxing job I've ever had done, including with hard wax.  And Olga had this awesome trick of lightly slapping my thigh just before pulling off the strip which miraculously distracted me from the actual wax job and made the discomfort even less. Taking that all into account PLUS the extremely reasonable pricing, I will definitely be back!
I notice there are not many male reviewers on here, which would make sense considering this is a Day Spa and most of us wouldn't think twice about stepping through the doors.  However, being the adventurous type I decided to have my chest waxed for the very first time after many years of shaving, and I couldn't be happier with the results.  I was greeted by two friendly receptionists who directed me to Irene, who was extremely kind as she stepped me through the process to make sure I was comfortable.  There was certainly a bit of pain, but each strip quickly felt better and before I knew it my whole chest was done in 20 minutes.  I have absolutely no reference point for price, but I have to say that $50 was more than reasonable for my entire chest when compared to the price of $30 for a woman's brazilian wax. From this one experience I would recommend J'aime not only to any of my male friends, but female as well.  I will certainly be coming back when those pesky little hairs grow in again.
I loved it... The best waxing experience I ever had, Olga is amazing and really nice.. It didn't hurt at all, was very fast and efficient .
I have been doing the Brazilian thing for a couple of years but my faithful chica from the Ironbound was vacationing in Brazil. But it was a 911 and it had to be done. Recommended by my friend and fellow yelpers I was on my way. So yeah I was a little nervous, having somebody else work on your "cookie' was a bit odd. Got to get used it all over again. Asked for Nora and she was good. In 15 minutes I was done and the pain was really minimal. Very through and clean. Agreed, OD on the baby power..lol. I have gone to other Brazilian waxing joints in the city as well and this by far is the best and with reasonable pricing. Very reasonable. And the other plus is there are some great clothing stores on the way there. Most definitely will be back!
Have nothing bad to say, simply the best Brazilian there is hands down! Believe me I have quite a few waxing experiences to compare this to!  Natasha is no nonsense and gets the job done quick and as painless as possible. Olga is wonderful as well, she is my girl on weekend mornings! Clean, pretty, friendly and AFFORDABLE! For under $40 this is an absolute STEAL my ladies!
Is there really a $30 brazillian waxing place in NYC that is actually good?! YES there is! Amazing. I shant go anywhere else! After reading literally ALL the reviews, I decided to ask for Angela. It was an awesome choice! I got directed to a room right away and everything seemed clean and tidy. I've never been waxed like this before, with legs in the air and everything. (Felt like Carrie from SATC when she "goes to Brazil") Angela was quick, attentive and the wax was pretty much what I was expecting. I'm a HUGE sensitive baby when it comes to anything related to my skin (I can't do threading anymore because it hurts too much) so even for you weak sauce ladies, you'll be fine. Just pop a few Advil and stare at one corner of the wall until it's done. I was out in about 10 minutes and she literally got every morsel of hair. Yes, it feels hecka weird to have your legs flailing about in front of a stranger, but just tip them well and you'll be on your way. I'll. be. back....!
If I could choose to give this place zero stars, I would. I got a Brazilian here on Thursday, and only today, Saturday, did it stop looking and feeling horrible. Like some of the other (few) negative reviews, I left J'Aime Day Spa bruised and literally bleeding, in terrible pain. This was far from my first wax, but I wanted to try the cheap, raved-about J'Aime. The waxer seemed inept and was in no way calming. She waxed and rewaxed the same spots over and over again. It was insanely painful, enough that I almost stopped it halfway through, but crazy enough, I continued. The wax itself is regular wax-- not cream wax or the kind that turns solid in your fingers. They don't use cloth to rip it off, they use paper. There's a reason this place is cheap-- the materials are budget- far from quality. It's possible the other waxers are competent and friendly and wonderful, but certainly not all. I will never, ever go back, nor would I ever recommend this place to anyone, unless I wanted to cause them horrible physical pain.
In the top 10 things I miss about Seattle, one of them must be the $20 Brazilians I got at Sally's Nails. Who knew I could find something of similar value in NYC? Well, lucky me I came across J'Aime through Yelp, and I went in for a Brazilian after spending a rather unpleasantly hairy month in NY after moving coasts. The service at the spa is quick and courteous. They had me in a clean room (an improvement over Sally's, which is a back room with a leopard throw and a TV) with a waxer within 10 minutes. The conditions are very sanitary, she was careful to not double-dip, and the session was very thorough. The whole process took about 15 minutes, about twice as long as Sally's, but the pain level was tolerable so I didn't mind for a job well done. She lotioned me up after and finally I was smooth and silky! The real kicker is definitely the pricetag--$30? Heck yes. I'll definitely be back!
5 stars for Nora, 1 star for the establishment, 1 star for charging tax when they are a cash-only business. Today I went with a Groupon and was excited to get such a great deal on their brazilian waxes. Nora was quick and painless and did a great job. Upon redeeming the Groupon, I was questioned whether I had been there before - after honestly mentioning that I may have been there before but clearly glad to have a reason to come back, they immediately voided my Groupon and charged me the full price of the waxing and told me to get a refund from Groupon. I was so excited to get such a great deal and therefore was planning to put those savings towards a larger tip for Nora but unfortunately, I had to cut back on her tip to unexpectedly pay full price last minute. Too bad for them, I will likely not go back on this alone. Note to the establishment - don't turn away chances to increase your business. That's just stupid.
Full disclosure: 3.5 Stars. I have gone here a couple of times and I have mixed feelings. The Good: - Quick, not-so-painful waxes - It's cheap - The employees are nice The Bad: - The entrance smells like a frat house - You always have to wait, even with an appointment - Some hair grows back within a few days, they seem to break quite a bit, rather than rip from the root - With all the Yelp stickers all over their place of business, I think the reviews might be a little inflated The Ugly: - It's a Brazilian wax, it's all ugly!
Just wanted to add my YAY!'s to this place. Lightening speed,which in this case is exactly what is needed because Tentative=BAD (learned that the hard way someplace else). Clean,also a requirement since one is laying it all out there, literally. The white coats and Russian accents(Lina is Russian,I know because we chatted the whole time)added to the efficiency feel and the price didn't leave my wallet crying either. In at 3,out at 3:15. Powdered,smooth and feeling very Rio. I've already made my next appointment.
Like everyone has said, a great cheap brazilian! I had Rachel, and she was quick and down to business, but sweet.  She did a pretty thorough job, and I couldn't believe how fast she was!  I guess I wish she would have talked a little more, but some people don't like to talk during their waxes, I guess--for me, it helps take my mind off of it. I've been getting waxed for a couple of years now and you really can't beat the price here, especially because it's clean and they do a great job.  I am definitely coming back!
I just got back and I was so impressed I had to come straight to Yelp. I got a brazilian. My wait was about five minutes and then I was directed to a private room, very clean. My brazilian took about 15 minutes. It hurt like crazy! But it was super fast and super thorough. I only found four stray hairs when I checked myself out. I am so pleased. CONS: This place is on the second floor and it's hard to see because there's scaffolding outside. (It's not their fault, so don't hate them for it)
As someone who has been getting different parts of my body waxed since I was 14 years old, I know how rare it is that you actually enjoy the procedure enough somewhere to go back more than a handful of times. Sometimes they make you feel uncomfortable (more than necessary anyway), sometimes they take FOREVER, sometimes the price makes you cringe in embarrassment over your vanity, and most of the time the actual waxing proves to be sub-par in some way or another. Combine all of these possibilities of wrong-doing and it is very rare for me to become a true regular anywhere. I am the constant seeker for the perfect waxer. I am not sure if I have found that at J'aime Day Spa, but I have found somewhere that makes me feel both relieved and elated when I leave. I had one brazilian here that was average at best, but for the price ($30?!!) I was going to be giving it many many more tries. Then I went in and saw Angela and she cracked me up the whole time with her somewhat innocent swearing in her thick Russian accent, and she was so incredibly thorough I was shocked. I just had a full leg, but she really gave me a bikini as well, and did my feetsies and my toes which I love, and all without any asking or any extra charge. $35 and I was truly hair free. I seriously left with a skip in my walk. The prices here are incredible and the place is actually quite nice and I feel actually better about my life having found it! (Oops is that superficial?)
HOLY MOTHER OF GOD. I am shocked and amazed at how much pain I was NOT in after getting a brazilian wax with Irene. I get waxed all the time, at a different place and a little piece of me dies each time. Irene was sooo sweet and nice- I'm still in shock at how little it hurt. I mean, it hurt a little, but it was more than bearable. This woman has magic hands! God Bless her soul.
I've been a customer for years. They provide the best brazilians in NYC by far. I'll also say Anya is a great stylist. She cut my hair a year ago and the layers have grown out lovely.
Je t'aime J'aime.  Really, this salon is a godsend.  I was so fed up with all the sub-par and/or over-priced brazilians I was getting in this city.  And then I found J'aime.  And then I was really in love.  15 min, $31 (unheard of!), and a teeny bit of pain later, and I am one hot vixen.  All the ladies are Eastern European and they're all great.  For some reason, I never feel shy around them.  Not that I'm ever all that shy, but I digress... Hands down, this is the absolute best spot for a brazilian in all of Manhattan.  And for the price, possibly the best in the entire country. Just have to learn to get past the fact that they love to OD on the baby powder.  Who knows why, but I just let them do their thing.  Best not to wear black when you come.
Brazilians hurt. Period. Move on, there is no such thing as a painless brazilian, there are fast ones, ones that get you in and out in under 15 minutes so you don't have to endure more pain than you have to. And this place provides it. I saw an entire wall of tongue depressors shipped into the spa recently. There was no double dipping. A new stick each time. Angela, who I recommend, wore gloves at our last session. You're in, you're out, your in weird positions as you're getting waxed, no time for shame, cause it'll be over before you know it. They only take cash now, which they do apologize for. Its pretty damn cheap for a wax, and they place is clean. What else do you want? Oh you want a painless Brazilian. Those don't exist, and if you're still waiting for it to happen, then just use your razor in the meantime. Leave the Brazilians to the grown up girls. p.s. pop an advil, breathe, talk about something, chat with your waxer it makes it go faster, as your mind is distracted, and get it done after your period as you will be "desensitized" down there. The first time always hurts, get over it.
Okay today I went in as a walk-in since I got a little off-schedule with my monthly visits to this heaven of a place and I was scared about not having my beloved Natasha as my aesthetician. I didn't think this place could make me love it MORE but it has. I didn't manage to get my waxer's name but by some miracle she was less painful and more thorough than any wax I've had before. I left absolutely joyous and not even in a tinge of pain - and this aesthetician didn't use the whole breathing method Natasha does which I thought always helped with the pain. Seriously this place is magical. I love it.
I have been coming to J'aime for a little over a year now and a couple hours before my appointment, I start to dread the impending doom they call a Brazilian and I start second-guessing whether or not their wax is hot enough to really ensure that bacteria isn't living and reproducing because of their double dipping. But good news everyone!  If you ask for NORA, she DOES NOT double dip (not sure if that goes for the rest of the staff)!  Now all the OCD freaks out there like myself can walk in worry-free.  I had Nora for the first time the other day and at first, I didn't realize that she was replacing the sticks (I try not to look at what's going on down there because I'm a wimp and can't wait to get it over with) until I heard her fumbling through a cupboard and saw her pull out more sticks!  Yay!  Oh and as usual, I was in and out of that room in about 10 minutes.  Amazing. As for the pain, yeah... J'Aime is definitely a little more painful than other places, but hey, its a small price to pay for the... small price you pay... seriously. $31?  Besides, waxes are always going to painful no matter where you go.  So just tough it out, grit your teeth, hold your breath, and then use that 25-30 dollars you save on some Advil.  J'aime is a winner!
This place is great. Went on my lunch break, was in and out in 20 minutes. It's clean, and everyone is very friendly. Alla does an amazing job and is fast and efficient. She made sure I was comfortable the whole time. I will definitely go back.
I love them. I really do. I have been a faithful client of Rachel's for over a year. She is so sweet and thorough and quick! The price is great as well and you are in and out. BUT... They do double dip.. and that is really getting to me...so I think I am going to have to move on... it seems there are other places in this price range that are a little more picky about double dipping. So long J'adore!
We all know how important it is to keep your girl looking her best. As most of you know, this is quite a tricky thing to do when you have to play treasure hunt for an excellent wax artist at a great price. The place I have gone to for MANY years have kept hiking their prices over the years. Now it is becoming a bit ridiculous to spend almost $100 on every session. I took to waxing myself which I already know how to do. In case you are thinking of sending RIP messages for my sweet girl, there's no need. I can do this myself but I really don't want my teenager walking in on me while I'm in mid wax. If you have a teen, you already have played Battle for the Bathroom a few times. I decided to look for someone who was quick, thorough and affordable. I read the reviews on this spa and decided why not. I have gone twice and so far they have done a wonderful job. I love that my waxing is done in a quick no nonsense manner. The best part is the price...$35.00! With a generous tip, I still don't feel the dent in my wallet. The location of the spa is easily accessible from anywhere in midtown. The actual space is on the second floor of a walkup and can be seen from the street. The Reception area is equipped with comfortable velvet couches, white leather chairs and large store front window. All of the women are professional, efficient and friendly. The wax itself can be charged on a credit card. The tips are only accepted in cash which is the standard for most wax artists. I definitely recommend this place for its prices and ability to keep my girl smooth like silk.
I just wanted to update my review based on the unpleasant receptionist who makes the appointments. I called and made an appointment for the same day and had to cancel an hour later. When I called back, the woman said " try to stay on top of your schedule because now it's too late, we are very busy and now no one can get in" . And by "said" I mean "yelled at top volume". Cmon biatch, I made the appointment an hour ago, what the eff do you want from me? My first born? Waxers may be decent but I don't feel like being bitch slapped through the phone every time I try to go here. Get over yourselves J'aime! You ain't no thang!
I've been coming to this place for a couple of months. I was VERY VERY nervous my first time, but I was lucky to get Angela and she was fabulous. I make a visit to J'Aime every month now.  I'm usually out of there in 15-25 minutes! Several reasons why i like J'Aime Day Spa: 1. Angela is the best!! She is the sweetest woman in the world especially when you become one of her regulars. (Natasha is good too) 2. Clean 3. Cheap 4. Quick Things to keep in mind: 1. this is a cash only place-- so make sure you get to the ATM before your visit. (They do have a credit card machine, but it's slow and glitchy.... so they don't like using it.) 2. Make sure you make an appointment!
I hadn't had a Brazilian wax in ages when I went to Angela. It was right before a flight frm NYC to NOLA and, being of the cruel humour she is, Mother Nature granted me my period. Was it an issue? NOT AT ALL! I'm usually bashful about such things but, she was amazingly sensitive about it and really made me comfortable. A brazilian wax is, of course, not the most pleasant experience one could put herself through. . . .Angela was though, fast, relatively painless and an amazing conversationalist (trust me, it does matter). Yes, the spa isn't amazingly frilled but hey, it's a great price for a college student and J'aime has exceptional service! Tip them well! Quick note on the front desk: I wish I remembered her name, but the young lady at the front desk was really quite sweet, and even offered to get me coffee when she was going out to get some for herself!
This was a case of getting what I paid for. I was a few minutes late, but olga took me right away anyway.  Unfortunately, this is where the positivity ends. This was my second brazilian waxing, and I was mildly disappointed with the first one. This one sent me running back to the place in fair lawn nj. It was more painful than the first, and I was left with PLENTY of long hairs.  These aren't even hairs that broke at the surface, but hairs that I could pinch between my fingers and pull the same day as the waxing. Booo! The room was not particularly pretty, nor was it spotless, but it was clean enough that I felt comfortable I think the waxer's name was Olga.. she was friendly, and seemed to be trying to make me laugh. She told me repeatedly that if I kicked her, she'd kick me back. I gave two stars for the speed and kindness.
So sure, I didn't make an appointment and just walked in. Receptionist was not pleased, but I'd seen other Yelpers who'd had success doing this and damn! I needed a wax. They saw me within ten minutes of my showing up - I had Natasha. Don't come here. She broke half of my hair off at the base near the skin but got the rest at the root, leaving me with a stubbly patchwork quilt of a vajay within two days. Ingrowns everywhere. I bled, which I had never done in the past. Serves me right for cutting corners and getting a wax while I'm broke! Had to shave anyway. Thaaaaanks for that.
I absolutely love Jaime spa for Brazilians. They never fail! Quick, to the point, and best of all, affordable! Ive been going there for about a year now and never think to try anywhere else. Love that the ladies talk and have a little chat while the waxing is going on. Always helps to calm my nerves. Cant beat 35 bucks either!! xx
J'Aime's Brazilian waxes are the only ones I've found that I can afford to have on a monthly basis, which counts for a lot. And they really know what they're doing! That's really the most important part, because let's be honest: You shouldn't let any anyone pour hot wax on your goods unless they're super-expert at it, even if they are only asking for $30 for the job. I've been waxed by all of the nice ladies who work at J'Aime and would recommend any of them. There are two reasons why I'm not giving J'Aime a fifth star: 1) Their hours aren't always so convenient if you (like me) have a 9-5 job. I really wish they were open on Sundays. 2) One of their receptionists has an insanely bad attitude. Seriously, she's one of the most foul people I've ever met! The only reason she has that job at all, I've gathered, is that she is a relative of one of the estheticians. Screw that. I still think they should fire her ASAP (but not the other receptionist - the blonde one - because she's really nice!)
Front desk: Always friendly and efficient; I would suggest calling a few days before you want your wax but I have called the day before and they have managed to squeeze me in. Wax: Love Nora , she is quick and straight to the point. They do not double dip which I like.  I have gotten waxes with other women there, but Nora is the best, she make it the least painful and I have a very low threshold for pain. Price: The price recently went up from $31 to $35, but even at that, you can't beat that price for a Brazilian. I have been coming here for over 3 years and I refuse to go anywhere else. Love it!
I went back and had a slightly better experience...at least at the front desk. This time I didn't get yelled at and the receptionist was pleasant. The wax was done by some random lady who tried to wax my entire region in one go. She left me with painful ingrowns by breaking the hair at the shaft. I was lucky I wasn't bleeding like some other reviewers. It was only last week but there is regrowth already since she did a poor job. Next time I'm asking for Angela again.
Your basic $30 Brazilian. Nothing pain free or exciting about it. You get what you pay for. They get the job done, and I'm fine with that. I have a high pain threshold. If you get everything off (brazilian) then you are most likely like me and can't understand paying more than this. If you leave a strip or just get the bikini, then I can understand because getting lines straight and the shape perfected is tricky. The pople who work here are very nice and helpful. I believe they are Russian? Very nice people, and overall has been my go-to afforable wax in Manhattan.
I'VE BEEN ROBBED!!!! (of hair that is) A good friend of mine came here and told me how great it was and I had read the reviews here and decided to go there today for a BIKINI wax. What I didn't know is that they really don't do bikini - they are all about the Brazilian. And even though I'm more bare then I had wanted - the place is run efficiently, it's clean, super affordable and they are VERY accurate with their strips (as long as you want no hair down there). So be sure that you want it all gone before heading here or you'll be robbed too (but in a good way).
This place was recommended from a friend last year and I've been going here ever since! $30 for a Brazilian is a steal! Especially since I've been a faitful client to Alla. She gives me a big hug everytime I come in. The wait is never long, usually within less than 5 minutes, I'm already inside a room. Alla is very gentle but fast! She keeps up a conversation everytime I'm there, which is great because it keeps my mind off the pain. 10 minutes and I'm usually out of there.. which is also a plus when I'm there during lunch hours
Love, love, love this place.   It's been said before, and I'll say it again: crazy fast waxing. efficient scheduling. friendly staff.  cheap-o price.  clean and comfortable atmosphere.  Perf.  I've gotten to "know" most of the women who work at J'aime, and have never had a bad experience.  Couldn't imagine going anywhere else.
My first waxes were at spas where I paid around $45 and had to allow at least 45 minutes for a Brazilian. The reality is, I don't have that kind of time or patience. I've been coming here since I first got a groupon for a quick and easy Brazilian during a lunch break. (I don't think modesty is an issue if you only have 20 min) Pros: I can't speak for the other women, but Irene is experienced, friendly, well traveled, and even attends to ingrowns! It's quick, easy, and relatively inexpensive. Cons: If you're looking for a leisurely relaxing spa experience with the girls, this is not the place.
For a brazilian, ask for Angela. She's the only one I've had who never leaves a stray hair and will even break out the tweezers if necessary. I'm here every three weeks and not once has the person making the appointments asked what I want done. Brazilians are their specialty. Be sure to tell them as soon as possible if there's some other service you want and tell your aesthetician as soon as she arrives if you want a strip of hair left intact or it is GONE. As far as pain goes, well, it's a lot easier than when I used to do them for myself. They have always been super sanitary about everything as far as I've seen, as well.
I think the Yelp monster is eating my reviews because I could've sworn I'd reviewed this place already!!! Yes, having hair ripped out of sensitive areas sucks. BUT, I've never been in the room for more than about 7 minutes and I've never run into any problems. And, of course, it's only $31.75. YES; I just said $31.75. I love Natasha; she's a feisty Ukranian woman who offers you both beauty and life wisdom as she rips your bottom bare. A big plus is that the place is really clean. My only gripe is that they schedule waxes every 15 minutes and they're ALWAYS late. You almost always have to wait an extra 15 minutes for your appointment. Other than that, book in advance (especially for Natasha), take some Advil if you think you'll be in pain and try not to flinch and kick her in the face.
Great place for a brazilian. Natasha, Olga, and one other woman (who I like best so far, perhaps Angela?) are all great. No one has ever "double-dipped" as far as I could tell from my experiences (over a year's worth) and they are all very professional and quick. They do urge you to come monthly ("That's why we keep the price low for you ladies!") but it is so you'll have to endure less pain the next time around. =) Happy Waxing!
I have been going here for years, the brazilian is fast and cheap and the place is clean!  I do think it's stretch that they market themselves as a spa, but for brazilians it's perfect.  The decor, especially in the treatment rooms, is bland and blank but (again) for the price and service it's fine.   I just noticed that they do not take credit cards at all now, they used to take them (with a service fee) so make sure you bring cash.
I have to agree with the majority of the ladies who have posted here--J'aime Day Spa is as good as it gets for a brazilian wax.  Close to my office (which isn't true for everyone, of course), clean, comfortable, and the CHEAPEST and BEST (MOST COMPETENT) wax I've ever had.  I consider myself an old hand at it--been getting it for years, tried out a bunch have places.  I always thought that cheap meant bad--not true here. To all of those salons who are charging $60 to $100 for 15 minutes worth of work, SHAME ON YOU!!!  You'll never get another dime of my money as long as J'aime Day Spa is in business!
They took me for a last minute Brazilian So the truth it was he most painful Brazilian ever. Almost unbearable. But it always hurts. IT was done in under 10  minutes though. The esthetician a blonde woman with a thick Russian accent felt I needed a bit more growth but did what she could and then offered The ability to call on Friday it was Monday, and say I needed a touch up and she would Do it free of charge since I was paying for a full service. It was rough and slightly traumatizing lol. But they fit me absolutely last minute and I love them for it.
