Sophia's.... Where do I begin? Sophia's is my favorite place for breakfast. Try to get there before 10 am though, or else it can get quite busy. Pretty much, everything on the breakfast menu is delicious. The eggs are always awesome, bacon crispy, the apple cinnamon walnut pancakes are out of this world, and the homemade french toast... o.m.g... soooo good! Always try to get the homemade toast, it is delicious. My bf is the omelette guy and has never had a bad one at Sophia's. He loves the I Love Buffalo omelette as well as The Sammy. I am not sure that one is on the menu anymore, but perhaps they could make it if you requested it. I split the Euro omelette with him before and it was great! I only get coffee when I come here, but restaurants and diners can have good and bad coffee.. this place is always consistently good. Highly recommend.
We were passing through, visiting from TX, and decided to try this place out per the strong Yelp reviews. Food: We tried the Giambotta and side of corned beef hash. Big portions of deliciousness; had to take half of it to go. My husband also enjoyed his meal (eggs, bacon, homefries). The potatoes were nice and crispy! The homemade toast is soft and buttery, but still with a good crunch. The price for all of these are reasonable. Service: Great! Friendly, visited the table appropriately often. We got there around 10:30 on a Sunday, and we probably waited 20 mins or less for a table. Environment: Fairly clean diner. There were 1-2 (fruit) flies though. Didn't feel like we were crowded in there too closely where we were seated. The waiting room attached to the diner can feel cramped with a lot of people waiting. Room was full while we were there. Overall, I was happy with my experience dining here. I would definitely come back again for breakfast if I was in the area!
Wanted to try a new breakfast spot for my birthday and Sophias sounded like a good idea. Rainy Saturday morning, parking very limited, we got lucky and grabbed a spot in the lot. Walked around the front of the restaurant and tried the door, it didn't open.  The folks walking behind us informed us the entrance was around the side. We were embarrassed and said, "WOOPS, first timers! They laughed and whispered, "amateurs" under their breaths. Okay, they didn't whisper anything, in reality they were super nice and told us we were in for a real treat, and that we were.....kind of. Needed a table for two, we were told the wait would be twenty minutes. We were escorted outside to this seating area. We were cold waiting, they need to cozy up that room a little bit. We were in super close quarters to the other people waiting so we made friends, sparked conversation, friendly saturday morning, "On a scale from one to I need a Bloody Mary now, how hungover are you?" banter. Twenty minutes later we were seated at a teeny table. For a split second we thought about asking if we could wait for something a little out of the way from the door but we stuck it out. Our waitress was great. She was on her coffee refill game. I thought the coffee was alright, not the best I've ever had but it did the trick. Nice big waters, very much appreciated.  Who Yelps about the size of the waters? Man, I'm a weirdo. So, onto the MENU. Lots of options. Big plates and omelets which are the same price adding some confusion as to what the difference is between the two. Then there were some pancakes, french toast and sides. I believe there was a separate menu for lunchy food but we weren't interested in that, we were all about that breakfast. I went with the souvlaki breakfast which came with choice of meat, I chose strips of chicken, my choice of eggs, I chose scrambled, your choice of toast, went with the waitress's recommendation of their homemade bread and home fries. My sister got the skillet without mushrooms. We also splurged on the corn beef hash. What? It was my birthday! So, we wait and wait and wait and finally voila our food has arrived. The guy sitting with his family next to us is giving my sister the SERIOUS stare down. He was with his wife so I knew he wasn't checking her out, (well I was pretty sure he wasn't) so I figured he was interested in her grub, which he was. He was fascinated by this large plate of food. It was pretty fascinating. She loved her skillet.  It consisted of red peppers, potatoes, eggs, bacon, onions and tomatoes. My food was just alright. The chicken was difficult to chew, but was seasoned really well, tons of flavor. The eggs were nothing special and the potatoes lacked flavor. They needed some seasoning. Corn beef hash was PHENOMENAL. HUGE portion too, really huge. The homemade bread was alright. Next time I will stick with whole wheat. We had lots of food leftover which is a rarity with my family. Our waitress brought us the bill when we had finished, $22 total. That's a win in my book. Definitely will be back but will try some other things on the menu. Side Note: Pajamas acceptable.
Found this place on yelp while searching for breakfast. Friendly service in what seems to be an old house.  Apparently they were on Diners drive ins and dives as there are pictures all over the place. The potatoes were so good as was the homemade bread! The single Lancôme was huge!
Sophia's is in my current neighborhood, but I've been going there since it was a thirty minute drive from where I lived. Extremely good breakfast, and if you go early enough you don't generally have to wait too long (even on the weekend). Everything I've tried is good but the special pancakes are fantastic, especially in the fall when the homemade pumpkin ones come out (yum!). Everyone raves about the homemade bread and it's good, but I don't think it's necessarily worth the visit in and of itself. Everything here is tasty, simple breakfast food served with a smile. If they sometimes rush you, well, all you have to do is look outside at the queue to see why. They're also very reasonably priced. If I had one complaint it's that they are only open until 3.
I don't understand the popularity of this place.  It's mediocre at best.   Bees were swarming inside the restaurant and on our plates.  Waitresses were taking dishrags and swatting them in our faces and food to try to kill them.  It is so small people were bumping into me everytime they walked by.  The "famous" bread was dry and stale.  I ordered the canadian bacon/eggs dish.  The hashbrowns were good, the canadian bacon was dried up and overcooked.  I would not recommend.
Went here on a business trip and the bread is outstanding.  So perfect for breakfast.
Few reasons I'm not putting a 5 star, we had a mixed meal & there was quite a few flies. I understand that the screen door often opens, but there should be a fly zapper to avoid these pests. The waitress was really nice and trying to fill our orders, but got some wrong & flipped or swapped ingredients between us. Good thing was that we all loved the food. My husband nicely let her know at the end if the meal what happened and we all had a good laugh about it. Overall we were pleased with a full tummy & a very nice and personable waitress..best $100 for all 10 of us!! That was a deal. Oh & had a Bloody Mary, I typically don't like them, but it was Pretty tasty. If were ever back in these neck if the woods, we will def come back! The waitress have my husband a huge hug. I don't think she ever received a complaint in a nice fun way.
Had a wonderful dining experience with my colleagues. Great service and food.
Homemade bread, super fresh eggs, best Canadian bacon!!!
THE BEST PLACE IN BUFFALO FOR BREAKFAST! BUT be prepared to wake up early to save yourself a long wait in line on the weekends! Food is absolutely fantastic here and the staff is extremely friendly. Always packed and busy but you'll feel right at home regardless.
My service was pretty good considering I came in as an out-of-towner to a diner that seems very "regulars" based. My husband and I both really enjoyed our food, his Sophia's 2 Omelette and my corned beef hash plate.  The hiccup came after I finished one half of my bagel with cream cheese when my husband looked at the remaining half of said spread I'd not yet put on the rest of the bagel and pointed out the green mold spots.  I hadn't even looked that hard at the container and assumed that since the diner had been featured on Triple D it must be a zazzy garlic chive blend.  Much to my chagrin, this was not the case. I notified my server and she immediately grabbed it and checked the others but didn't offer any recompense for the fact that I'd just eaten half a bagel with moldy cream cheese.  When I asked if there was any GOOD spread left to take home with the rest of my meal (because everything else was good, I'm a trooper) she tried to fix the situation by giving us a dollar bill back after we'd already had our card charged to refund the $1 up charge for cream cheese. I'm honestly a lot more forgiving than giving 2 stars on my first visit but having eaten expired food without a single employee noticing they're handing it out doesn't sit well with me.  Literally.  I can recommend all the other food taste-wise but check to make sure it's not bad before you eat it!
Great food, great family, great atmosphere! Highly recommend that you eat here! I got a feta, spinach, and pepper omelet and it was awesome! Best breakfast potatoes I've ever had and great coffee.
My family and I found this place while traveling back to the States from Niagara Falls, and it is truly a gem.  Hidden off the highway, it's a small, family diner that serves great food in huge portions with friendly service.  We went right when it opened, so don't know how the wait usually is, but I can imagine the place getting really packed! I ordered the breakfast skillet with gyros, which ended up being a perfect choice! The homemade bread for toast was delicious, but I barely had room for it by the end of my meal.  We also ordered a variety of the breakfast specials, which are all incredibly inexpensive, as well as pancakes that were inexpensive and ridiculously good.  One of our pancake orders had fresh berries in it, definitely worth trying!
Perfect greasy spoon diner food. The pea meal pork is amazing. The hash is fried to the perfect crispness.  It would be nice if they had real maple syrup. But that will not affect my rating. I loved the place and next time I am in buffalo I will definitely visit again
A search for lunch spots in Buffalo on Yelp churned out Sophia's; it being featured in a particular popular Food Network TV show probably had much to do with it. I dunno. All I know is I'm hungry and I need a place to eat after getting disoriented driving downtown (I can count with both hands how many times in one morning I have driven around and around Niagara Square, half of which because I wanted to). Who am I to say no to greasy good comfort diner grub? Sophia's may be in the northern industrial fringe of the city proper. But that hasn't stopped all sorts of people from stopping by. There was a short wait (the patio deck conveniently serves as a waiting area when it's not patio season). Inside this no-frills diner was a bustling crew racing around throngs of diners crammed together. Friendly folks, but with the busyness it can be hard to get attention. Their bloody marys with bacon that many people at the bar were having looked bloody good, but I did not have that. I ordered a 'Buffalo' off the $6.95 sirloin burger menu. It is bloody big, with a fried egg to boot. Sadly though I didn't taste any of the promised blue cheese (c'mon, blue cheese taste awesome in a burger!), though the serving of crispy mashed home fries make much up for it. But hey, it's a bloody good value for a very filling meal. There is some parking on site at the sides, though the lot is muddy and heavily potholed.
Sophia's Restaurant is an excellent neighborhood breakfast destination. My mom and I were looking for a close place to get breakfast and remembered how Sophia's is close by to where we reside. I hadn't known Sophia's was on Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives until we arrived and I was checking Yelp. We'd been in the past but not in quite a while. After our visit Sunday morning, that's about to change. After a quick 15-20 minute wait in the radiant sunshine, we were called to be seated. The hostess asked if we would mind sitting at the bar and while we weren't too happy about it, we agreed. Seated right on the left hand side of the bar, we had prime entertainment for the duration of our time at Sophia's, as we could see right into the kitchen. I guess one of the reasons I enjoyed this so much is because I never saw the hard work, communication, and multitasking that is behind the scenes and makes the kitchen operate. I never realized this and really took it for granted. All related to the owner, Sophia who was present and taking orders, it was nice to see such a family friendly restaurant. And, the boys in Sophia's kitchen were working and they were working hard. They produced some delicious food - I took Alex's advice (from a tip he posted) and got the #4, standard bacon, eggs, and their homemade french toast. My mom got the vegetable omelet with homemade bread. Everything was SO good. One of the things that made it extra delicious was the low, low cost. I look forward to heading back to Sophia's in the near future and I'd love to try one of the mimosas or bloody mary's that I saw go by us a number of times while we dined during the rush of Sunday morning breakfast. I'd also love to try any of their wraps, sandwiches, or burgers that are also on the menu. Thanks Sophia's for a great experience and delicious food!
What a great find in Buffalo! Excellent breakfast spot that seems reserved for locals. They dont wine and dine you with magnificent decor, fancy plates and jot servers - instead the keep the price down, dish out large portions and pack flavor on every dish. If you've been to Dennys or IHOP and like nasty, greasy food this place might be too good for you. Their breakfast is damn good. I ordered the Buffalo omlette and its amazing how good simple cooking can be when you use fresh ingredients like they do. Refreshing to taste real sausage, peperoni and banana peppers and not the packaged an frozen stuff. Come for breakfast. You'll love this place!
As far as brunches go, this is one of the best I've been to in Buffalo. It's not perfect, but it could do a lot worse. Reputation precedes this place, so expect the wait to be 15-30 minutes. Once you're seated, it's easy to relax and enjoy the restaurant. First of of the service here is fantastic. Despite the hectic and busy atmosphere, the waitresses here are pros. Expect your drinks orders to be taken within a minute of sitting down, coffee to be topped off at a good pace, and your water to always be full. It's awesome. On one of the occasions, I ordered their breakfast number 2 with sunny side up eggs. The line cook accidentally broke one of my yolks. I didn't really mind but about 5 minutes later, I was brought an entirely new replacement egg. Talk about customer service. Most of the food is pretty good. Eggs were well cooked, potatoes, to die for, great bacon. The homemade toast was a good touch. Also portions were more than generous. If you arrive hungry, expect to leave very very full. But for the bad, their french toast and pancakes are pretty mediocre. The french toast is obviously just dipped - the one I had clearly hadn't soaked in the custard and mostly what I got was just a texas toast just barely dipped in egg. Pancakes were noticeably bad. Either someone stirred the batter too long or the batter must have just been sitting out because the pancakes were chewy. You need the knife to cut through these suckers because they are a bit rubbery and glutinous. Flavor was OK, but it was just a little disappointing. But don't let the pancake and french toast kill the mood. All in all, this is a pretty fantastic breakfast place. It has a lot of spunk, a lot of good food, and a great atmosphere. If you can avoid the pancakes and the french toast, everything else is spot on.
Great little breakfast place with a full service bar. Brought the family here today for breakfast. After reading reviews, my husband and I each ordered a Bloody Mary and they did not disappoint! Delicious.  Each served with a slice of bacon on top. Genius. I ordered the loaded veggie omelette with feta and their homemade toast, with a side of the cinnamon walnut pancakes. My hubby ordered the skillet breakfast with souvlaki beef and feta. For the kiddos, they split the french toast with eggs and sausage. Be warned, these are HUGE portions and we ended up taking the leftovers home. Food was delicious, but I found the pancakes to be a little dry, but I didn't mind. The staff was very friendly and attentive, even during a weekend breakfast rush. Be prepared to wait for a table on the weekends. Will add this place on my breakfast rotation.
This is my third time in Buffalo so it's about time I checked out a locale's staple. I did not know Guy Fieri liked this place. Had I known this, I would not have come. Still, I tried not to let that (*expletive) color my review as his photo stared at us from the wall. The inside feels like a popular truck stop diner. This is not a bad thing. Food consists of breakfast and lunch staples you find in diners around the country. Also not a bad thing. I was, unfortunately, looking for something a little more adventurous. I did not find adventure here. Instead, you'll find the best toast in town (and I assume therefore good bread as well), "just right" home fries, and if you get there before 11am (I think), you can get a $1 off breakfast specials. I've been to better diners but I've definitely been to worse. Maybe I should've gotten Paula's donuts instead like my sister suggested ...
Perhaps my expectations were too high based on all the positive Yelp reviews and high star rating, but I found the breakfast at this restaurant to be uninspired and just not particularly tasty. It was breakfast fare that is typical of a low-level generic diner in New York. The restaurant is clearly proud of a visit from The Food Network's Guy Fieri in 2009, as an entire wall is dedicated to photos and signed memorabilia. I don't know, perhaps the food was better back in 2009!
Fantastic breakfast! I've made the trek from Mississauga to here twice and both times were worth it. Fresh baked bread, breakfast sausages and great French toast. Even their coffee is great!  Parking can be a little tight though and the bathroom could use some love otherwise if you're near and want a great affordable breakfast give it a try!
I will make this very brief. If you like breakfast burrito's go to Tim Horton's. If you want the best breakfast burrito in WNY head to Sophia's. The food was so good I actually made an effort to tell the cooks how great it was. If your not there by 8 am on the weekend be prepared to wait.
Probably the best breakfast parlor I have visited in a while. Delicious pancakes, omelets, home-made fries, and coffee. The serving sizes are very generous, if not excessive. The only downside is that the dining area is not very spacious, which can be a problem given the restaurant's popularity.
I think I found the PERFECT diner! Yeah...I know...it wasn't exactly MY find.... many, many, MANY people had eaten here before I did.  Heck....the place was even featured on television!  But it was my first time, so it was all new to me. I followed the advice of my fellow Yelpers and didn't go on the weekend, but instead decided to visit for a mid-week lunch. And, yay!  There was a table available....just one... but, that's all that was necessary. My dining companion and I ordered LOTS of food because I wanted to try LOTS of things (and he was willing to try them right along with me).  We ordered so much, in fact, that I asked the (very friendly) waitress not to judge us... at least until she left the table. We happily sampled the homemade toast, the REAL (not from a can!!!) corned beef hash, home-fried potatoes, a pumpkin-walnut pancake (yup...just one...you can get any "pancake of the day" for just over a buck), and the "Giambotta" (homemade Italian sausage, peppers, onions, hot peppers, garlic, and potatoes scrambled up with two eggs) and for us, topped with feta cheese (oh my!!!). And the verdict:  EVERYTHING was AMAZING!  The portions were huge (we brought nearly half of the food home.... and the waitress even gave us reheating suggestions), the flavors were GREAT, and the prices were reasonable. Like I said.... the PERFECT diner!
My lady and and I decided to check out Sophia's highly regarded breakfast at around 1:30pm on a Sunday. We did have to wait about a half hour to sit, in very close quarters near the door, with a semi-disgruntled employee constantly having to squeeze by us to take garbage out. So, that part wasn't too fun. They should probably have another door for employees to use for that sort of thing. Once we sat, we were relocated after having our drinks ordered as a large group came in. Basically, the seating situation was a bit disorganized. In a small, busy establishment, these things happen, but you'd think after being around for as long as Sophia's has, they'd have a better grip on it. All of this is overshadowed by the great food and the great price. I highly recommend the breakfast skillets. Tons of tasty food at a very affordable price, and it came out pretty quick after ordering. I'll be back.
Sophia's is your neighborhood breakfast place, now with a full liquor license. It's a nice unassuming place for breakfast/brunch and perhaps even lunch (they have some lunch sandwiches, but I've never tried them). Most people come for the french toast and waffles, but come expecting your typical breakfast fare: home fries, eggs, toast, pancakes, omlettes; it's all there and it's delightful. Be forewarned though-- on the weekends, it's really tough to get a table here, especially in the mornings / early afternoon. There's usually a wait out the door. On my most recent visit, (which was 2pm on a Sunday), I had the breakfast skillet, which for 7.95 gets you a large plate of mixed potatoes, choice of meat (I had beef), eggs and the sorts.  It was a nice amount of food for the $ amount and came with some home made toast on the side, which was tasty with some jam. The beef came marinated in a Greek marinade of sorts and had little skewer like pieces of it. The waitress who served us was really nice and kept the coffee flowing. This is a typical neighborhood place: don't come expecting anything too miraculous and you'll enjoy yourself.
On the hunt for a new weekend breakfast spot, I was excited when I read all of the reviews for Sophia's.  We arrived Saturday morning at 10am and waited about 20 minutes to be seated at the smallest table in the restaurant, right next to the kitchen.  The table was so small, that when I asked the waitress if there was going to be room for the food we had ordered (there were only 2 of us), she said "No" and asked if we needed all the "stuff" on the table - like the syrup, ketchup and coffee creamers. Encouraged by the reviews, I ordered the homemade bread french toast and my companion had the homemade bread as toast with his "skillet" order.  The bread was course and lacked any flavor.  The texture for the french toast was wrong and we left it uneaten (which is unheard of for us).  The buttermilk pancakes we ordered were also not very tasty.  The texture was fine, but it just didn't taste like anything - just thin syrup. The steak "skillet" meal my companion ordered was served over-cooked and dumped unceremoniously on a plate and brought out - where was the skillet or even some presentation? I realize this is a divey diner.  I get it.  I just think for the price and the wait, there are better options in Buffalo.
Pros: The cheapest, most fatty delicious breakfast foods in MASSIVE portions you can get in Buffalo! Humble mom- and pop looking restaurant. Cons: Everyone and their mom knows about how awesome this place is and will come here for brunch. Expect 15 min wait lines especially if you come here after 11am on the weekend. Not where you would go on your first date. Think where you'd go with your friends after a long night out and you want to roll out in your pjs (seriously half the people here show up in their pjs). If Buffalo was a restaurant, this would be a good representation. Not fancy, homely, very affordable, somewhat obesity stricken, but all in great taste and comfort.
Love the homemade pancakes!  Everything I get here is wonderful and affordable.  You will not leave hungry, but you may have to wait.
I'd much rather spend time in Sophia's living room, Sophia's bathroom, or even Sophia's bedroom, rather than the kitchen. In fact spending time in the kitchen will lead you to spend time in her bathroom much sooner than you think. What goes in must come out, but surely not with such regrettable and embarrassing efficiency? As Ben Elton once said, cut out the middle man and flush it right down the toilet. Now here is a disclaimer. It's all a matter of taste. A lot of the stuff I love, you guys might not like. Similarly you guys might love this, I know a lot of people do. I happen to think I have good taste and I can't stand it. Sophia's... oh dear. OK so you know how sometimes you see something on travel network or food network and it looks amazing? And you go there, and in real life, it's even more amazing? This was not one of those times. And you know how sometimes you see something on the food network and it looks amazing? And you go there, and it's okay, or good, but not as good as you hoped? This was not one of those times. And then you know those times when you go to somewhere you saw on food network and it's ABSOLUTELY AWFUL and you're like... what the hell? How did food network rate this so highly? Who paid who? Do the people in this area really have such bad taste? Did I just come on a bad day? Can I have my money back? Yeah... this was one of THOSE times. Stupid me, having watched D D & D with Guy Fierycrotch, decided to come here and order like, the 6 things he recommended. So like 6 different dishes. And it would not be a stretch to say that every single one of them was awful. They were bland, they were dry, they were overdone, they were boring, they were unimaginative, they were almost overpriced (which is bizarre for a place that prides itself on good value food in a very poor area), I can't say enough bad things about everything I ordered. I mean, I don't even remember what the six dishes were. They were just bad, bad, bad. One was a pancake. So dry and chalky and horrendous. One was the souvlaki. This was up there with Elmo's Souvlaki on Millersport as one of the worst Souvlakis in town I've had. I literally do not remember all of the other dishes. My word. So bad. Sorry. The only reason it gets a 2 instead of a 1 is that I can't ever bring myself to give a family business the lowest of the low ratings. Usually I wouldn't give a fam biz under a 3 but when it's this overrated (in my experience) and this disappointing (couldn't even eat half of a single dish I got)... what can I do. 2/5 is generous.
Ambiance: 3 (But it makes no difference in the end) Food: 5 Service: 5 Price: 5 If you are looking to go out for breakfast at a fancy place, then don't bother coming here. If you are looking to have one of the most delicious breakfasts you have ever had, then head here this weekend! They are located in a bottom portion of a house and if you blink you might drive right on by. The inside isn't that large so if you end up here later in the morning be prepared to wait (it's worth it). The staff is friendly and attentive. We ordered the chicken souvlaki breakfast and the gyro souvlaki breakfast. The meat was perfectly flavored with all the right seasonings and cooked to perfection. The home fries came crispy and actually had flavor, they didn't taste just like cut up fried potatoes. To kick them up a notch for a dollar you can add on peppers and onions or garlic and onions. The portions were large and could probably be split in half to be shared by two. This restaurant was featured on diner's drive-ins and dives. We didn't even eat what was featured and felt like it was well deserved. Seriously you may catch me here a couple times a month.
I was so excited to finally come here trying so-famous homemade breads, extra crispy home-fries, chicken souvlaki, pancakes, etc of typical breakfast/brunch diner fare. Those 90+ reviews with 4.5 star rating, all sounded good and even those photos looked great. This place is a small with plain decorations and tables/chairs, which I expected,  you would find any cheap local corner diners. The waitress very friendly and promptly brought drinks and took orders. I chose the chicken souvlaki dish that came with two eggs, home-fries and homemade bead toast (extra $1 to substitute.. but I wanted try this so-famous homemade bread and I didn't mind to spend extra). My friend had blueberry pancake dish with two eggs and sausages. As I commented on my check-in, I came here with a huge appetite and was waiting to wolf-down my food. Finally it's arrived. Needless to say .. I was very disappointed .. -The "So-called" famous Homemade bread - Nothing special than just white bread toast you could get at other diners. I didn't get it how everyone in the 90+ reviews screamed that it's a must-get. Seriously, nothing special. just a white bread toast..... -The "so-called" extra crispy home fires- crispy? Just mushy, salty, and extra greasy...  After one bite, I didn't touch the rest of it. -Chicken souvlaki - It was cooked well as  tender inside while still little crispy outside but extremity salty and extra oily at my liking.  I still had 1/3 of the huge portion only because I was super hungry and gulped down 3 full glasses of ice water. -Eggs- I ordered them as poached and it was perfectly poached. Runny and gooey yolks at my liking but they didn't drained water very well and the eggs were swimming in the bowl with half-filled water... My friend  said the pancake was just ok and nothing special compare to other diners or breakfast places in Buffalo area. I sampled it and agreed with her. Overall experience was bad and disappointing. I may come back and give it a try with other dishes but I doubt. Today's experience in three words? Salty, Greasy and Huge-portion.
Cinnamon Walnut Pancakes, Chicken Souvlaki, home fries were my chosen indulgences at Sophia's this afternoon. Stopped in close to 2pm this afternoon. They close at 3 and I was so glad I didn't miss eating here yet again. It seems like every time I'm in this area, they are either closed or my companion doesn't feel like eating. Ha. The pancakes were DELICIOUS. My mom and I split a short stack and for less than $4 for 2 decent sized cakes I couldn't see why not to try them. They were fluffy, tender and nicely flavored. I ordered open faced chicken souvlaki as my meal. The portion was huge and it was fully loaded with all the right fixins. The pita and tzatziki sauce on the side were awesome. Pita was warm and tender. I wonder if they make the pitas there. Wouldn't be surprised... The yogurt sauce was soooooooo good, I used every last drop! I got potatoes (homefries) on the side and they were good- toothsome and crispy. Needed salt though the seasoning was decent otherwise. If you can't get in here on a weekend, head over during the week, maybe on a vacation day, later in the afternoon. There were plenty of tables open inside and out. Seemed to be the perfect time to come by. The interior is quaint and divey, which happens to be something Buffalo restaurants specialize in. Don't these places always turn out the best food?? Will be back for an omelet next! Yum!
The food wasn't bad but it was so busy that you can feel the tension and stress that these servers  are under. The one waitress asked the table next to us if they could wrap it up and pay because of the wait and the other table had a ten minute wait for their soda. Maybe it's my biased opinion coming from a former server but it was uncomfortable. I recommend the Specials #1-5. Those are the best bang for your buck.
Corned beef hash, the best. I've also had the jambota and French toast but the corned beef hash is my go to order. Homemade toast is a must.
Best breakfast/diner in buffalo!!! The coffee is nice and strong, the portions are huge, the ingredients are super fresh, and the prices are unbeatable. I've only ordered the omelette (ham, onions, spinach and mushrooms), but everything else that I've seen others order all looked amazing too. The home fries are super crispy!!! Make sure you order the homemade bread! If there's anything negative - it would be that it's a little greasy. But hey it's diner food, not a friggin' salad. We've only gone on weekends between 9-10am. Didn't have to wait at all, could be that we were lucky or that its easier to seat 2 ppl. I usually see some people waiting outside but they usually looked like larger groups. They also have a nice outdoor patio! What's even better is that they take credit cards! Although we always pay with cash since the prices are so reasonable and I wouldn't want them to pay any more fees to the money-sucking credit card companies if they don't have to. Oh and the service is super fast and awesome, and I've never felt rushed - although, after such a big meal, you kinda wanna get up and start walking around soon after you're done eating... Or rush home and take a nap cause that food coma is sure kicking in! Move over, Bertha's. Sophia's has officially replaced you as my favorite diner/breakfast place. They beat you in portions, ingredients, taste, prices, coffee, delicious homemade bread, alternate payment options, AND they've got a parking lot plus plenty of additional street parking! Ok wait, I will give Bertha's kudos for making their dishes basically grease-free, but that's about it! Oh wait, how could I forget... They also have a full bar! They don't serve until noon on Sundays though... So keep that in mind if you want some mimosas or bloody Marie's to go with your awesome meals.
Always excellent for a weekday lunch or weekend brunch. My wife and I always head to Sophia's when we have cravings for a great breakfast.
Literally had a hard time choosing what to eat here because every single item on the menu looked amazing!  The food was really affordable, smelled, and looked delicious!  Everything about this place was awesome!!!
After reading other Yelpers review on this place I knew I had to try this place out. Fortunately today I had time to check out Sophia's. I went around 1pm on a Friday, so I did not have to wait for a table and was seated immediately. However, there were a lot of customers present and three waitresses taking orders. I did not have to wait long to give my order. I ordered the No. 3 breakfast combo which consisted of eggs, 2 pancakes and a choice of meat ( I got sausages and substituted the pancakes with cinnamon walnut pancakes) and I ordered a side of homemade toast since everyone on Yelp was raving about how delicious the homemade bread was. My food came out quickly and the pancakes were good. The toast I didn't think was anything too special, but the food was generally good. It was indeed a lot of food that I had to take the leftovers home with me. I was surprised that my bill came out under $10. I would definitely return here, because of portion and price. The staff were very friendly and nice.
We were in town for a wedding and looking for a great breakfast place. Sofia's was amazing! We were a party of 8 adults and two little kids and the service was great, fast, and accommodating, and the good fantastic. The breakfast burrito is great and my daughter loved her pancakes. A great place to take kids because the servers were very kind and it's a busy enough place that the kids didn't bother anyone.
I came to this place for breakfast and was pleasantly surprised. The food was really good and the waitress was all smiles. AND, they even have a big old picture of Guy Fieri hanging in the place!
Great diner food and great service!  Everyone was super friendly and the food was just what we needed to start the day.  A plate full and a totally reasonable price.   I can't remember the name of what I ordered, but it was a plate full of sausage, potatoes, eggs, cheese and other goodness.  If you're in Buffalo I suggest hitting this place up.
Seriously guys, this place is worth checking out. If you are looking for amazing breakfast/ brunch food this is the place to go. My boyfriend and I always get SO much food and everytime we're shocked by how cheap the bill is. They have everything from amazing pancakes, omelets, eggs, homemade toast, and much more.  They also have great specials and coffee! Although this place always has a wait on the weekends don't make that deter you. The servers are very attentive and will always try and get you a seat as soon as possible.   Anyways, this place is 100% worth checking out!
Yesterday afternoon, I was really craving something for breakfast and didn't feel like making anything so I typed "breakfast" in the search bar of Yelp. Sophia's was the first place that came up and with 90+ reviews and a 4.5 star rating, I had to check it out. First of all, the place is pretty small but they make good with their space. They have a small outdoor patio and seating in the entire dining area without making it feel too crowded. They also have a full bar with seating there. We got seated right away but every other table was full except one of the tall tables in the middle of the restaurant, so we took it. I had a perfect view of the cooks (they're right out there in the open next to the full bar) and pretty much everyone in the restaurant, which made it a great people watching seat. I ordered a mimosa ($7) and a coffee ($1.20 ish) to drink and it came very quickly. The mimosa was beautiful and delicious! For food, I ordered the Apple Cinnamon Walnut French Toast with a side of home fries and scrambled eggs. My boyfriend got the Chicken Souvlaki breakfast, which came with chicken, eggs, and home fries. Oh and homemade toast! It took probably 20 - 25 minutes to get our food. They were pretty busy so I understand why it took so long but that was quite a while. And when our food did come, I realized that they gave me the pancakes and not the french toast.. and it was probably the only time that I was actually happy that a restaurant messed up my order. By the time it came I had seen tons of other pancakes go by and had wished I ordered them instead. And the pancakes were amazing. Fluffy, light, flavorful and full of nuts. Couldn't really taste the apple though. The eggs were nothing special. Just scrambled eggs, but they hit the spot. My home fries also didn't come out with the rest of our food, as my waitress said the cook was just "crisping them up." Clearly this was not true as I watched him make several other orders with home fries. Our waitress came back to fill my coffee and only then realized I never got my home fries. She walked over to the cook and told him she was still waiting on a side of home fries, to which he responded, "for what?" So that was that. When the home fries did come they were delicious (and crispy!). Despite a couple mistakes, our waitress was very very friendly and the atmosphere was nice too. I'll be back. Those pancakes were too good.
If you want to go there for breakfast on weekends, be aware of the wait! First time I went there was in February and we had to wait a good 30 minutes in the cold, and that is about all the complaining I did. The food was great and the service friendly. Sophia herself is busy around the restaurant and stops by to ask everyone how things are. My friend ordered the lentil soup, and the two of them held a quick but informative two minute conversation on lentil soup ideas. For the price, it's as good as it gets. They have a fairly decent selection to choose from and service is fairly quick given how crowded the place gets! When our friends come to visit Buffalo, Sophia's is the farewell brunch place to go!
Best cheap breakfast around.  Hands down.  Some friends and I decided to visit this establishment on Sunday at around noon.  We had a short 10 minute wait, as the place was packed.  We got a table, and I soon realized why the turn around is so quick!  The speed is outrageous.  Our order was taken promptly, and the food was delivered after what felt like a mere 5 minutes!  The waitress even dropped down the check while we were still eating, but yet it didn't feel like she was rushing us.  It was just more of a "here you go for whenever" gesture. I ordered the Special #2 of 2 eggs (over easy), home fries, sausage, and homemade toast.  The whole plate was under $6.  Their food is even cheaper if you go before 11:30!  My friends got the breakfast burrito and the gyro breakfast plate.  We all basically cleaned our plates.  The home fries were amazing!  They were so crispy and fresh.  Normally home fries are hit-or-miss, but these ones were fantastic -- exactly how they are supposed to be! This was a great, quick meal, and it has definitely blown most other cheap diner breakfasts out of the water.  There were so many delicious sounding things on the menu, that I know I will definitely be back.
Great food, Great service, Great price! Cozy diner with friendly fast service! It is the perfect place to stop for breakfast before Niagara Falls. -Cinnamon Walnut pancakes were so good! Perfect combo! -Homefries & garlic with onions are worth the extra charge! So many choices; can't go wrong with any pick!
Honestly my favorite breakfast spot in Buffalo.  Really never heard of this hidden gem until about a year ago while reading some fellow Yelper reviews and previewing all the great food pictures.  I know it's been showcased on the food network, but didn't care to watch it and decided to try it out for myself.   When I go to diners, my all time favorite breakfast dish is a hearty jam packed omelet.  And Sophia's does it better than anyone else.   On my first visit I went with the Sophia 1 omelet, loaded with tomato, spinach, and feta cheese.  I sat at the bar and Sophia's brother served it right from the grill onto the plate and brought it over pipping hot.  It came with a large helping of grilled potatoes with side of homemade toast, and I also ordered up a side of crispy bacon!  I went with a large orange juice and coffee to drink.  They were running low on drink glasses on this morning, but I lucked out sitting at the bar and received a pint glass of orange juice.  The Sophia 1 omelet was outstanding in every way, eggs cooked perfect, feta became all melted in the middle, and well balanced with the fresh spinach and juicy tomatoes.  The homemade toast with butter was savory, and the large helping of potatoes was comforting and delicious.   On my second trip here I went with a create your own omelet, and had it filled it with tomato, bacon, and provolone cheese....and homemade toast of course! Again I sat in the same spot at the bar and Sophia was cutting up putting away a huge pan of bread pudding.  She made me feel at home right away, asking if I wanted to read the paper while waiting for my food, and checked my coffee if needing a refill.  She pointed out her brother and son cooking at the grill, and talked with regulars coming and going out the door.  Everything came out spectacular and right from the grill to my plate in front of me.  Sophia ask me "where else can you get that?", pointing out my large steamy hot savory omelet.  I emphatically replied no where!......guess I'm going to sit here and sip my coffee while this cools down for a minute.  She smiled and laughed.   After I finished breakfast and began to put on my jacket she asked if I'd be back.....yes I'll be back for sure.....I already miss this place!
Amazing cinnamon walnut pancakes. I ordered the short stack and I couldn't even finish them. Great portion size. Sophia was a great waitress and was great with our two young boys. Even gave them $1 each to buy something.  We are from ontario and will defiantly return again!!!
Came here for brunch on a Saturday with Bradley. He had told me he saw them on an old episode of Triple D. We saw that they had closed at 3 so we rushed to get there. (1:30 PM = Brunch to us...) I got my usual, 2 over easy eggs with white toast and hash browns. Bradley got the beef souvlaki with 2 eggs, toast, and hash browns. I really enjoyed mine, but it's hard to mess up that... I had a bite of Brad's beef and it was very good! He had their homemade toast and I really wish I had gotten it! It was very good! Sophia's was very busy and the service was good. For $12, we ate an excellent meal! We will definitely be back!
Sophia's is my favorite local restaurant to grab a delicious and affordable breakfast. There might not be a hostess to take your name, a large waiting area, or even enough seating to handle the insane morning rush, but the quality of the food and the great staff more than make up for it and, quite honestly, make customers completely forget about the initial struggle for seating. If you're going on a weekend morning, be prepared to get there very early (prior to 9 a.m.) or wait outside for up to 45 minutes. The homemade bread is fantastic, as is their marinated chicken souvlaki. Portions are huge, but prices are not. I highly recommend the apple cinnamon walnut pancakes. Coming from an anti-pancake girl, this is high praise, indeed. They are truly fantastic. If you plan on getting French toast, be sure to fork out the extra dollar or two to get the homemade version. I highly recommend this restaurant to everyone, but always mitigate my praise with a slight warning: be there early, or be prepared to wait.
Well, I just had to give Sophia's 5 stars as our visit today was just great! Excellent service, absolutely greatly prepared fresh food and the portions were more than ample. I had the french toast (short stack) 2.95 on their homemade bread and a side of ham(2 large pieces perfectly prepared), my Dad had a breakfast special(4.50) with homemade toast, scrambled eggs, 4 sausage links and well done home fries!! Our other dining partner had the mushroom, bacon cheeseburger with crinkle cut fries(6.95). He said is was the 3rd best burger he has ever had. Beating out everywhere except Billy's Giant Burgers(inside the Cadallic Grille) in Jackson Hole, Wy. and his Mom's. Super friendly service. Do not expect too much from the restrooms, the only downside, they were clean, but need some work.
Very much a diner in every sense of the word. Servers didn't take notice of me right away when I walked in so there was a little delay in getting me to a seat. But once I was seated, the experience was awesome. Omlette came out with generous sides about 5 minutes after I had ordered it. Was hot, tasty and very hearty portions. Whole meal which filled me up was about $6.50 after tax. Loved it and will most definitely go again.
I always heard the legend of Sophia's Restaurant and finally got to live it this past Saturday (5/27/13). I ordered the "Greek II" breakfast omelet with spinach, olives and feta cheese. As if that weren't enough, I had the home fries and the homemade bread on the side. The meal was so good dare I say it could be considered Achilles second known weakness. The service was outstanding. We had Sophia herself taking our orders and she of course was very knowledgeable with the menu. The price was very good too, just ten dollars with tip for the whole meal. I absolutely will be back on a regular basis!
My father and I drove all over Buffalo one morning looking for a place for breakfast.  I was determined not to eat at Denny's unless absolutely necessary.  Thank goodness we found Sophia's where we hit the breakfast jackpot. Sophia's was featured on Diner's, Drive-ins and Dive's with Guy Fieri.  You could almost feel it and hear it whispered as you walk inside.  Actually, I did hear the name from two different tables.  There is giant poster of Guy on the wall and some graffiti and his signature on another stating "Guy was here".   I guess Sophia's would be somewhere between Diner and Dive.  It's a quaint building on the northside of town and it's not very fancy inside at all.  You can look behind the counter and see a griddle filled with eggs, potatoes, onions, etc. waiting to be cooked.  All the kitchen action is out in the open. The food is Mediterranean American.  I assume Sophia and family are of Greek descent, but the food seemed to have a Greek and Italian style.  Breakfast and lunch is served here and the menu is quite large.  I had an omelette with italian sausage and hot peppers.  The omelette was huge and stuffed with sausage and peppers.  It was delicious.  The hash browns were more like american fries, instead of shredded they're sliced.  But they are perfectly cooked:  soft inside, crunchy outside.  The portions are huge. The service was nice and friendly.  The coffee was brought around promptly.  The place was busy and the staff was moving fast.  If there is a line, it's a quick turnover so it won't take long to get seated. If you're in Buffalo, this is definitely THE place for breakfast.
I expected more because of the ratings. The food was nothing special. The service was about non existent. I was told to seat myself but there were no clean tables. Took a few minutes to get table cleaned because a rag couldn't be found. Food came really fast which was a plus. But it didn't wow me at all. I honestly think I make a better breakfast and I'm no chef. I think the regulars that live in the neighborhood keep this place going along with the cheap prices. Not many places to get a full breakfast under $5.
My favorite thing to do on a random work-free morning? Go grab breakfast. And when I have that chance, I head straight to Sophia's. On weekends it can get a little crowded, but it's only because this place is great. It's a family business and they give off a warm and inviting vibe. The food is great, and the prices are unbeatable. I'm from Portland, where breakfast is something that people DO, so to find a great diner-style spot with a menu that won't break my student budget--I'm sold. I have tried many different items on the menu and have never been disappointed. Let me add--the homemade bread makes me think of the bread my mom used to make when I was a little kid. It doesn't get better than that. Do yourself a favor and order and extra side of it. You won't be sorry.
I love diners, and I've been looking for more local places that serve quality breakfast options. Sophia's is definitely a new go-to spot for me. I'd suggest the chicken souvlaki big breakfast. marinated chicken strips, eggs, feta cheese, homefries, toast (or pita, as I prefer). Solid breakfast, super filling, great flavor. I don't know where they get their pita, but it's tasty -- has a sweetness and freshness I've not tasted at other local diners. Service is swell. Just today, my friend messed up his order and asked the waitress to change his cheese request almost 10 minutes after he'd already placed the order. It was totally my friend's fault, but the waitress and was such a champ and so kind. She didn't have to go out of her way to adjust his order considering his food was probably already on the griddle, but she was very gracious and understanding.
My boyfriend and I were looking for a good place for breakfast since IHOP gets old after awhile. We went on a Friday morning around 10 am and were seated right away. They have a whole wall filled with pictures of Guy, and a whole wall filled with pictures of professional boxers, just to give you the vibe of the place. I got a stack of pancakes, my boyfriend got the hash big breakfast. I'm obsessed with carbs, so their homemade bread is as good as I've read about. Our waiter made conversation that wasn't awkward or forced, and service was very fast. My boyfriend was going into this not expecting to be satisfied, but when the bill came back and it was only $16.10 he couldn't complain. He liked it so much that we actually went back the next day. It being a Saturday morning, I was expecting a different experience. When we walked in the door there was one couple ahead of us, but also space at the counter. We opted to just wait for a table, just because we weren't in a rush to be anywhere. It took about 15 minutes to be seated. But honestly that's what I expected. I got to watch the kitchen from where we were standing, which was interesting. The owner was working, making sure dishes were being brought out asap, making food, wiping down tables. A lot of the customers stopped by to say hello before they left. It was exactly what I would want to see from a small business. Once we were seated our order was taken and made right away. This time I got the #3 (2 pancakes, 2 eggs, and 2 pieces of bacon) and my boyfriend ordered something that begins with a G. Giambotta? No idea. It's a huge pile of sausage, eggs, and peppers. He said it was good, but not as good as the hash.   The place has a few cracks in the walls, ugly carpet, and wiggly tables, but so does IHOP. This place is cheaper, and way more welcoming. I've lived in Buffalo my whole life and I can't believe I've never been here before.  We will definitely be going back soon.
Absolutely fantastic. Had the Chicken Souvlaki big breakfast. Fantastic marinated chicken, eggs, hash browns, and homemade toast. All amazing, filling, and cheap..how can you beat that? Can't wait to get back.
After watching the DDD show recently, I was heading to Amherst to visit friends and insisted we go to Sophia's for the fried bologna and onion sandwich.  The amazing bread that they made each morning and grilled for the sandwich, the thick cut bologna with the fried onions .. all looked too yummy. Needless to say .. I was very disappointed .. something was wrong with the bread when we were there (about 2pm), the bologna although several slices was not thick-cut and it was on a sesame bun.  SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO disappointed.  My friend had a triple decker and had to take out the lettuce and turkey because the lettuce tased nasty and the turkey was slimy. Can you say lunch bag letdown????  Thanks Guy .. you led me astray here.
A Triple D recommendation! This is your traditional breakfast joint with a splash of Greek influence. Featuring Greek classics like gyro, souvlaki, pitas AND of course your standard breakfast stuff. Highs include the homemade bread(a must try!) and home fries (potato hash). Lows are the skillets (greasy and overcooked) and omelettes (overcooked). Great value and unexpectedly good service. A worthy visit if you are in the area even if it's just for the bread.
A tripleD find, Sophia's is a great place for breakfast with ginormous portions. The corn beef hash was great, pancakes were the size of my head (and I have a big head - really - in new era hats I'm a 7 1/2).  The apple cinnamon walnut pancakes were just awesome.  My friends also got that some huge plate of... well... everything. home made sausage, peppers, hash, onion, I can't even remember, but it was immense.   The place is touted for great homemade bread, which didn't exactly disappoint, but it didn't blow me away either. Coffee was good and service was friendly. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in the area. It's a diner so I don't anticipate great decor, but it could use some updating. It's by no means grimy though. (-0.5 stars for decor) Note to Google maps users, Gmaps seems to give you the wrong location, this is NOT near the military outlets, it's further south in Buffalo proper (Military road has a gap in it, you can't follow it from the outlets south to Sophia's).
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place, whatever you get will be delicious. I'm glad it's only a short distance from Buff state :)
This place is the epitome of a breakfast greasy spoon. And my husband's very favorite place to visit for breakfast on weekends! The food is cheap, plentiful, and very tasty. You can always count on seeing the family owners (Mom and Son) working the griddle or the counter. They are honestly some of the sweetest, most gracious people you will ever meet. And you can also count on there being a line out the door! Favorite breakfasts include the apple walnut pancakes, the giambatta, and the pepperoni omelette. Favorite of all is the homemade toast, which is a perfect mix of soft and crunch. The only reason I'm giving it a 4 and not a 5, is it's a bit too greasy for me at times. But for those with a hearty affection for clogging their arteries, this is the place for you! If my husband were voting, he would give it a 6 out of 5.
This is one of our regular breakfast joints. We have yet to try their lunch out, so I cannot comment on anything non egg-related! Someday we will venture there for lunch, and then I'll update my review. Anyhow, there are very few places in town with a breakfast burrito, and those places who do have the breakfast burrito, have not been as good as Sophia's. The tortilla they use tends to rotate, sometimes it's plain, sometimes it herbed.. But, it has always been excellent. I always order it with Bacon and cheddar, hold the peppers please! (yes, this Pepper, does not like sweet peppers, sorry!!) My guess it's the oil they use that makes their food so good. That's just a guess though. I'd also suggest their homemade bread french toast if in a sweet breakfast mood!! Don't just take Guy Fieri's word on it and give it a try for yourself! (JUST TO NOTE: We just visited Sophia's this past Saturday, and they had knocked the wall down that separated their  dining area, really opening the place up and making it feel much larger.  I think they are finally trying to spruce this "DIVE" up!)
Forget the homemade bread - the homemade italian sausage here is amazing!  I had the skillet breakfast, which was eggs, potatoes, peppers, mushrooms, cheese and choice of meat scrambled into one dish.  I would say it far surpassed the shipwreck skillet from Lucky's Cafe back home in the CLE (that's saying a lot - I love Lucky's Cafe).  My girlfriend got two large apple cinnamon walnut pancakes - it needed a bit more apple but the walnut still worked very well in the pancake.  We stuffed ourselves, and it all came out to $12.  Wow. Their homemade bread is nice and crunchy and worth trying, but nothing to rave about, really.  And they do not cut very thick slices for you like they did for Guy Fieri on Triple D. Everyone is really nice to you and very helpful in suggesting things from the menu.  Also, they forgot to give me my homemade bread, but the owner herself noticed before I could say anything and got it for me herself.
We stopped by around 12:30 PM on a Saturday afternoon for brunch. Place was crowded. We were seated at the bar. We ordered our Sophia's omelette 2 with home made toast, a must order! My daughter ordered scrambled eggs, bacon with home fries. She ate everything. Usually she does not eat home fries. The Bloody Mary was one of the best I've ever had! We will return another day for breakfast!
We were looking for a great brunch place on our way to NYC and came across Sophie's. It was a little out of the way but my party of four decided to wing it anyway. We were so glad we did at the end. SERVICE was AMAZING! Sophie was such a sweet host, she offered me a sample of their warm, spiced "cinnamon apple cider with Malibu". BEST!!! Not to mention their food, pumpkin and apple cinnamon walnut pancakes! Buttery homemade toast! SO DELICIOUS! But what really SHOCKED us was the bill, $36 for 4 people! It completed our Canada trip, left for home in Manhattan with a very happy tummy. Thank you Sophie for such great hospitality!!!!!  Xoxo
I'm happy to report the last time I went the wait was minimal (oh, there was a crowd, they just seemed to handle getting people in and out better), the patio was in full swing and the service was much better. The food was back to its former glory. Good to see they have been able to adjust to their booming success. This still isn't a place I would stop if I was in a hurry, but it will definitely be added back to my weekend breakfast rotation. Well done, folks.
They have a wonderful vegetarian skillet option ... I would have liked some black beans on it but besides that its a very tasty breakfast, hearty and possible healthier then IHOP. People were nice and price was very reasonable..!
Seeing that they have such high ratings here on Yelp, I figured I would want to try this diner before I leave Buffalo. Today presented an opportunity, so we went there for breakfast. We arrived and saw a lively diner, well-patronized by Buffalonians, and with a friendly staff. We got seated immediately, and had coffee and tea. They were quite attentive with the refills. We ordered their breakfast special 4, and they arrived after a short wait. I got the french toast with sausage and eggs, and they did it perfectly. The thing is, they don't serve stuff that you can only get here. No. You can get their breakfast items in pretty much any diner that serves breakfast. Even in IHOP or Denny's. But not only do they do it well, but they also do it independently. If I want some comfort food of sweet perfectly-done french toast, coupled with greasy (but with just the right amount of grease) eggs and sausage, I'd rather go here, where I know it benefits the local community, than to a chain restaurant. It also adds charm and character to the local neighborhood, which was the reason I was glad to see that it was well-patronized even though its location isn't the most prime spot in Buffalo, as it's almost at the edge of town. So yes, totally recommended, no minus points whatsoever.
DELISH! I had the Sophia omelet, it was yummy.  I liked that they had homemade bread.  It was just the right crunchiness!  I liked that they have real chunks of potato as their hash browns. My hubby had the blueberry pancakes, I tried some and wanted them all for myself but decided to not be a fat cow and let him eat his own breakfast. We each had a side of bacon which they cooked they way we requested, and I was happy that they didn't skimp on the amount of bacon and it was a decent price.   I also enjoyed seeing Sophia in the restaurant, talking with customers and taking orders, asking people how everything tasted, cleaning and moving tables around. We got here at 11am and waited about 15mins to be seated.  When we got there we were the first couple that had to wait outside.  So get there early to avoid the line!
Found Sophia's while searching on yelp for a breakfast place.  So glad we did!  It is a local restaurant that serves a delicious and affordable breakfast. There is not a hostess to take your name, you just wait in line barely in and mostly out of the Restaurant.   The quality of the food and the great staff are what makes you forget about the waiting situation. If you're going on a weekend morning, be prepared to get there very early (prior to 9 AM.) or wait outside for up to 45 minutes. Between the 3 of us we had the skillet breakfast, more than we could eat, the french toast made with the homemade bread, and the breakfast burrito. The homemade bread is fantastic.  Portions are huge, but prices are not. Everything that I saw come out looked truly fantastic. If you plan on getting French toast, be sure to get the homemade version, it was awesome. This is the go-to-place for breakfast in Buffalo!
I have to say up front I have only had lunch here, no breakfast.  On all three occassions the food was good, no complaints.  Service is great!  I will try breakfast here one of these and will update the review.
Their homemade bread is unbelievable! Do not go to Sophia's without trying it. I originally wanted to try this place because I heard it was on the food channel. I then heard several recommendations from friends and couldn't wait to go. I was not let down-not only was the homemade bread incredible but my veggie omelet was made perfectly. Love this place!
My father was in town for a visit and wanted to go out to breakfast, and as I had not had a chance to pop in here yet, I knew this would be the perfect place. It was a Saturday morning a little before 10am, so the line was literally out the door when we got there, but we were seated relatively fast. (Less than a half an hour wait) We each ordered a skillet meal, mine was with beef and cheddar and his was sausage and mozzarella. We had coffee to drink.  The first thing I noticed when our meals were brought to us was the portion size. Huge! And there was no skimping on the meat in them. Mine was steak, cut into chunks, and his was several links worth of Italian sausage. The steak was very well seasoned in mine, not just plain, tossed on the grill. I ate until I couldn't take another bite and barely managed to eat half of mine. The price for all that amazing food? 7.95 each. There were about 6 meat choices and 6 cheese choices, so the possible combinations would keep you happy for many a visit. The rest of the menu was just as reasonably priced, and I know this is a place I will return many times. (It is less than 2 miles from my home.) The service was very friendly, and Sophia herself made it a point to stop at our table and say hello even though the place was packed. What keeps me from giving it 5 stars? Even though they have recently had a remodel the place is still pretty rough on the inside. If you are looking for a breakfast spot that won't disappoint, give Sophia's a try, you won't be sorry. Will add to the review when I return and sample some of the other items on the menu.
This is a definite 5 star restaurant. Took awhile to get here, on vacation. Well worth the drive. Other reviews are right on the money. Good value but above that is the excellent food. Apple, walnut cinnamon french toast with their home  made bread, tasty sausage links.The service was great and I can see why they were on DDD with Guy Fieri. Great place, if you are in Buffalo you will love this place.
Amazing. I could eat the French toast with their homemade bread everyday. And their home fries are perfectly cooked - perfect balance of soft and crispy
Love it here! The specials are amazing and the service is super friendly. They're also very efficient with their staff! Just the way I like it :) if your in town it's totally worth stopping by. Come in before 11:30AM and the specials are a dollar cheaper.
Sofia's is classic Buffalo! Blue collar diner in working class neighborhood. Emphasis is on REAL fresh food, great prices & friendly service. I always feel welcomed & appreciated when I eat here because the manager will approach my table to ask me how everything is. That is HUGE with me!
I lived so close for so long and never knew this place was there...my bad.  I wish I could go here a lot to make up for that horrible mistake.  I can't tell how 'homey' these people are.  Sophia and her son (the Chef) are so attentive even when the place's packed.  My waitress, "Edie Falco", and some of her fellow workers were there for you all the time .  Just look slightly like you're in need and it's done.   And it should be packed ALL the time since the food is so homemade great.  I had the scramble and loved it all.  OK, say you don't like eggs, good waitress service, salads,sandwiches, pancakes, or coffee.  Then,  just go there tor the bread.  You will never eat bread like this out - ever.  It's the best.
There's no hostess to take your name. You just wait in line until you get to the front. The wait can take a bit, but once you get to the steps, they're pretty quick about seating people. The food was delicious. I wanted to marry that homemade bread. Prices were affordable.
This place is as good as it gets for Breakfast.   Super inexpensive and amazing food. Forabout  the cost of what you'd pay for a glass of OJ at the Original House of Pancakes, you can get a feast for a king at Sophia's.  Apple Cinnamon Walnut pancakes are awesome.
Great lil breakfast joint in Buffalo. Great staff, great food at great prices! Yummy in my tummy!
Its crazy to think that Buffalo has so many great diners that I have yet to dine at. I went to Sophia's a long while ago and I still think about their freshly baked toast and the wonderful service I had. Even though this place is out of the way it's definitely a must eat at.
I stopped in Sophia's a few weeks ago before a meeting in Buffalo.  Luckily I was by myself because this place was packed, and all parties over 1 were waiting a bit.  Tiny little spot that seemed to be located in a neighborhood.  They staff was very friendly and helpful. The menu had a great selection of breakfast and lunch options.  I forget the exact name of what I ordered, but it was basically a gyro salad.... delicious!  Generous portion of gyro meat, kalamata olives, feta, cucumbers, and tomatoes over a bed of lettuce.  Served with tzatziki sauce and warm pita for dipping.  I loved it.  I judge a good salad on the proportion of good ingredients compared to lettuce, and this thing was loaded with all the best bits. People around me were all ordering breakfast items which all looked very good.  I don't think you can miss at this place. The only downside is it's so small with the kitchen directly on top you... this is good unless you are heading to a meeting.  You will leave smelling like a grill
We were in Buffalo for the National Buffalo Wing festival (for serious) and although we consumed about 10 million calories the previous day, we decided that we had to have a hearty breakfast before heading to the Falls. We looked up brunch spots on yelp and this was highly recommended.  What can I say?  I love down home, family owned and operated shops and this place is certainly that.  We were also lured by its celebrity status since it was on Dives, Diners, and Drive-Ins.   They have some amazing buttery homemade bread and huge, I mean huge omelettes.  They screwed up my sister's order which is whatevs , it happens.  Service was just fine.  But then it turned awkward when something screwy happened with someones bill.  Keep in mind that this is a small space where the kitchen is literally 3 feet away from the tables.  The owner was yelling at the waiters and it felt really awful for us.  This may be a common theme for us.   If I am ever in Buffalo I would go back and hope that there were no more confrontations.
We went here for the brunch..i ordered the soup of the day taste great. then i also orderd the homemade bread taste good too! the pancake was not bad..The sauerkraut also good! CONCLUSION = RECOMMENDED!!
It gets crowded on the weekends, but the wait isn't very long. Make sure to try the homemade bread!
Best breakfast I've had in a long time! I had the meat lovers omelet, which was great, but the breakfast potatoes were epic. Far better breakfast choice than a chain like IHOP.
Let me join in the praise of Sophia's!  It's the best.  Definitely our favorite breakfast spot in Buffalo.  The food is always incredibly good - huge portions, and absolutely delicious!  And so cheap!  My husband always says, "Why would ANYONE eat at Denny's? Half the food at twice the price?!"  Very friendly and quick service, all kinds of people eating there (families with little kids, tables of senior-citizen men shooting the breeze, young couples, women out for lunch during a shopping day...).  It's a perfect Buffalo spot:  family owned, super friendly, generous with portions and with time (you never feel rushed to scoot out of there).  Highly recommend!
Came here with some friends on a Sunday morning for breakfast, and it was packed.  The place is pretty small, but cozy.  We had to wait about 15 minutes for a table, which wasn't too bad. The coffee was pretty good.  It might have just been me, but it had a coco aftertaste to it.  Anyhow, it was still good.  I ordered the polish sausage which came with 2 eggs, homefries and toast, which cost about $7.00.  The portion was about average for diner food.  The dish was a bit greasy for my liking, but it is excepted for a diner.   I'll probably go back and try another dish.  The pancakes and omelets looked good.  Overall it was an okay meal.  The waiter was a bit awkward, but I think he was trying to be funny, and I just didn't know at the time.  The service was good, and everyone was really nice.
Got there for breakfast: Hubby got the blueberry pancake, eggs, bacon combo... I got the apple cinnamon walnut pancakes and a side of homemade toast... will try it again... be prepared to wait
went here last year and forgot to review it.  One of the best places to have breakfast that I have every been to. Looking forward to my next trip upstate
Nice diner with very good, fast, friendly service. We ordered the homemade French toast with a side of extra crispy home fries. The home fries were the star of the plate for me. The French toast was good, but not over the top.
We went to Sophia's on a Sunday afternoon, and had to wait less than 10 minutes for a table. Once we were seated, the wait was minimal. Food came out quickly and was better than we hoped. The home made bread was hot and delicious. My husband ordered the Club combo, and the sandwich was triple decked and tasty. I had the Giambocca (sp?) omelet. The homemade Italian sausage was incredible. If we are ever in Buffalo again, I will definitely  go back.  Oh yeah, the wait staff was friendly and quick.
As good as it gets. Went for breakfast and sat on the patio...I ordered the chicken souvlaki...the chef made my home fries crispy (exactly how I ordered them) and thier homemade bread is great! Definitely worth many more visits.
Best breakfast ever! Family friendly, great service,delicious food, and cheap! The 15 min wait was so worth it. We will be back for sure.
My god if you guys were open late, everyday I would be here every moment of the day!! Everything here has been good, but the one that stands out the most to me is the corn beef hash! I love it!! The home fries are the best I've ever had! This place is without a doubt a hidden gem of buffalo!
Apple cinnamon walnut Pancakes are awesome! Giambotta with homemade sausage is very good and so is the toast from homemade bread. Skip the French toast. Service was a bit slow but everyone is really nice and things picked up.
Decent.
Decided to try Sophia's after reading all the rave reviews on Yelp. There was a bit of a wait on Sunday morning, but the line moved quickly, and we were seated within 10 minutes of arriving. We all stuck to breakfast diner classics. The Greek omelet was delicious, stuffed with feta cheese and flavorful veggies, and the home fries were actually crispy, none of that soggy potato business you get at other breakfast joints. The homemade bread is dynamite, don't leave without trying it! Sophia herself sat down to take our order, and kept walking around checking in on tables and greeting her regulars. Sophia's is a  welcoming, family-run establishment.  The atmosphere is fun, and the food is fantastic! I will definitely be back to try the fluffy pancakes our neighbors were digging into.
The Giambotta was awesome! Homemade Italian sausage, hot peppers, garlic, potatoes, a couple eggs! It hit the spot! Plus the homemade bread was great! You can't beat breakfast at Sophia's!! Oh and our service so awesome!! Everyone is very friendly!
SO much nicer after renovations.  Service and food seems better once everything is all cleaned up.  I'm picky w/ my corned beef hash but Sophia's CBH, over-easy eggs, and homemade toast is pretty much the best possible way to start my day.  Glad to see this place win a spot back in my heart.
My boyfriend and I found this restaurant on yelp and we couldn't believe that we never had heard of it before.  Both being Buffalonians, we thought we knew of all the great brunch places in the city.  However, this was one place we never tried.   Thank goodness we did!  We ended up going there on a Friday afternoon for a late brunch and liked it so much we went back that following Sunday (when it was much busier).  This is a really cute, casual, easy, inexpensive place for breakfast that has delicious food.  I am happy we discovered it because we were getting sick of Betty's which everyone makes such a big deal over.  The coffee is very good too, and that can make or break a place for me.
I'm a breakfast person that is fussy about usually everything I ever order out for breakfast because I can pretty much do it all at home myself.  That was before I found Sophia's, I can't do what they do.  This has to be the best breakfast place I've ever been.  Everything was cooked perfectly.  The only disappointment was that they are apparently known for their homemade bread, which they had run out of by the time we go there.  So we had to "settle" for the apple walnut pancakes.  Best pancake I have ever eaten.  The scrambles we ordered were both delicious.  They have a great menu with a lot of different choices, all of which looked great.  Too bad I'm 2500 miles away or I'd be in there every weekend.
Never miss going to Sylvia's when I'm in Buffalo. The Canadian Bacon is the best I've ever had. Pancakes loaded with blueberries. Perfectly cooked and seasoned home fries. Even the fried eggs taste better here. Don't miss it.
Excellent service and food. Really can't go anywhere else on a weekend morning. The only proiblem with this place is how they seat people and the long waits on weekend mornings. A better system needs to be in place, maybe even expanding the place a bit.
I loved this place. So it's not where you go for a fancy meal. But if Yu want comfort food, cooked perfectly, with people who treat you like you are a member of the family... This is it
Best diner around! Get anything that is made with their homemade bread! Don't worry about the long lines, they move quickly. (we went from out of the door to seated in 5 minutes.)
stopped in for breakfast on our way out of buffalo thanks to all the glowing reviews on yelp and it was one of the best decisions we made on our journey! it's the perfect, quaint, all-american breakfast joint. everything you could possibly crave for the alleged most important meal of your day and then some.   i got the #2 breakfast special (2 eggs any way, homefries, bacon, and homemade bread) and 1 banana-walnut pancake.  the cool thing about the pancake was that it wasn't even on the menu, our awesome waitress suggested the flavor combo and also when i initially ordered a short stack she alerted me it was huge and offered to just give me 1 pancake.  great suggestion! if i ate 2 full pancakes in addition to my other stuff i wouldn't have been able to physically drive back to NJ. back to the pancake.  it was amazing.  walnuts were plentiful and well grounded and blended and the banana chunks were huge.  the eggs were perfectly cooked as well.  one suggestion i would make (thanks to the couple seated next to me as i was accidentally handed their food) would be to order the homefries with onions and order the bacon extra crispy (if you like that sort of thing). other things i like: they kept the coffee a'coming the whole time, outside deck was adorable, value for your money is GREAT! room for improvement: hire a bus-boy, get more options in sweeteners note: this isn't iron chef america quality food or service, but you will leave very happy!
Yummm....was in Buffalo visiting family for 5 days, and ate there 2x.  My favorite thing to do is order the pancakes (more blueberries than pancake in the blueberry pancakes - a good thing), and have somebody else order the omelet.  That way you get the best of ALL worlds...homemade bread, homefries, omelet, pancake.  It is delicious.  Don't let all the pix of Guy Fieri turn you off, this is a great place!
Reasonably priced, large hearty portioned,   delicious homemade, vast menu, clean and fast friendly service.
I saw Sophia's on DD&D and that says it all! The food is all home made and there's  plenty of it. The bread is fresh baked and tasets like mom just made it. You wont be disappointed. P.S. Try the French Toast.
This is a very good diner to stop at if you are in the Buffalo area.  The hash browns are delicious and you can't beat the portions for the price.  Sam is at the flat top cooking away.
5 of us got a table Thursday at 11:00  - no wait at all. Portions are more than enough, and come out of the kitchen fast! Everything was of good quality, and the servers there are great! Friendly and polite, and willing to go out of their way for us. Room for improvement- keep the homemade French toast in the egg mixture a bit longer, it just had a coating of egg, I like mine custardy. The homemade bread is ok, although I prefer a baguette style; crusty and firm crumb.
Great breakfast place!  Great prices!  Great service!  great food!  What more can you ask for?  There is always a line, but they seem to keep the line moving quickly.  Small patio with a couple tables.  Inside is surprisingly cool even with all the people and heat outside.  There is a wall A/C unit, fans, and cross breeze going - so not uncomfortable even on a hot day with the kitchen going.  As everyone says - homemade bread is a must.  We ordered the apple cinnamon walnut pancakes (can't beat 2.95 for a short stack) and split them.  Yum!  The omlettes are stuffed and delicious.  Order from their pre-designed omlettes or make your own with up to 8 fillings.  I had the breakfast burrito one time (nothing special, but not bad).  I will stick with the omlettes in the future.  If I liked sausage, I would def want to try the giambotta.  Staff is always very accomodating and friendly.  It is a favorite for a basic breakfast spot in Buffalo
Had our first experience at sophias today, better than expected! Very friendly staff, good to great food, shorter than expected wait. Everyone leaving said great things about the food and was in good spirits which says a lot about the atmosphere. Also very reasonably priced. Will return soon...
Great diner food.  Sophia's specializes in fresh ingredients, fast service and plentiful portions.  Although it is only open for breakfast and lunch, it is worth it to stop by and check it out.  My favorite (besides the standard breakfast fare) is the chicken souvlaki, very tasty.  This restaurant was featured on the Food Channel's Diners Drive-ins and Dives, and the owner who was part of the segment is always behind the grill cranking out the orders one plate at a time.
Great place for breakfast. I had the hash with two over easy. The hash had a wonderful crunch to it, clearly from a flattop. The eggs were cooked perfectly and the homemade bread was awesome. Just as great were the people. If I'm ever back in Buffalo, I'll be back at Sophia's.
After finding the only empty seat on a Saturday at 11 a.m. was being saved for me, I had a great time at Sophia's yesterday. The line of waiting diners was out the door when I left. I had a most delicious egg, pepper, onion, mushroom and feta skillet. Service was excellent. Note: Sophia's will be closed April 2 - 9 for renovations.
best breakfast in town! I've been going to this restaurant with my family since I was a child and have never been disappointed with the quality of food or service.
Omg by far the best breakfast anywhere around.  The best souvlaki and homemade blueberry pancakes... I can't wait to go back!
I was truly and utterly shocked to not find this breakfast place on YELP!  While I understand that Buffalo is loaded with places to get decent breakfasts and lunches, how a place that serves it up right every time could miss the list?  It is a place that I have been going to for years when Sophia was still running the show.  Now the torch has been handed off, or he just started running with it, to her son Sam.  He is doing such a great job that soon it will be showcased on Triple D.   Sophia's is quite a small place and as you walk in, you are typically greeted by name.  That says a lot about the people who own the place and is a good sign to those who are new to the restaurant that you will be returning!! The food is outstanding.  The Giambotta was Sam's brain child and would probably make Adam Richmen from Man vs. Food sweat at the thought of devouring it.  Now for those who never have been, the Giambotta is a large portion of Egg, onion, peppers, and sausage.  Sammy will gladly make it as hot or as mild as you like.   Last week I tried the Sophia hoagie and was surprised no one has done this before.  It is a hoagie with a Greek twist that had to be inspired by the gods themselves. If the food of this place does not bring you back, the people will.  You will hardly find a friendlier place to eat then Sofia's.  If you love breakfast you have to see this place.  If you love food, you have to see this place.  If you love Buffalo, you have to see this place. Just come.  You will not be disappointed and do tell Sammy I said hi.
We visited here in August 2010 after watching this on Diners Drive In's and Dives.  We did arrive early on a Saturday with no wait.  Sophi ordered Appple Cinnamon pancakes but they were out of batter, she enjoyed her alternative.  I ordered a regular breakfast, it was really good.  We did not get to try the "homemade" bread.  Overall we were satisfied and would return, maybe the tv show made it seem better but as far as service, presentation, etc its a place you can count on.
Small place, family owned with super friendly service. Once you start going there you feel welcomed every time you come! Sophia is amazing! Food is really good: Greek style food in American way. after living in Greece nothing from the menu reminds me of what I really ate there but still meals are good and big. Sophia' s omelet is my favourite!
You feel like family the moment you walk in the door. The waitstaff are so friendly as is Sam, the head cook (and maybe owner?). I generally get the skillet breakfast with gyro and feta which is very good and ton of food.  Since I began going a few years ago, Sam has done a lot of work to the place and it is coming along really nicely.  My only wish is that they would start making Greek Potatoes.  Oh how I would love Greek Potatoes!
A bit of a wait but fast and friendly service. I enjoyed the french toast made with the homemade bread.
We went early (7:30 AM) and had no wait time to be seated with a party of 4. Food was excellent, yummy pancakes and poached egg was perfectly cooked to order. Prices were also excellent!
Triple Ds Guy from the food channel represents the Greek 2 scrambled
Huge portions and inexpensive. Pretty crowded when I was there. Service was decent. Food was greasier than I would like but I guess thats to be expected with breakfast food which is what I had.
Sophia's is a must-visit if you're in Buffalo.  The food is great and Sophia is awesome.  I had to have some of the homemade bread to take home to Chicago, and she was totally accommodating.  I plan on going here whenever I get the opportunity to visit Buffalo. :)
Guy Fieri stopped in here so i thought i would give it a try.  I am so glad that i did.  I had the Giambotta (Italian Sausage, Eggs, and Potatoes).  It was delicious.  Sophia even came up and gave the kids some lollipops.  I just love the old school everyone's family feel.
On the smaller side so be prepared for a probable wait - there is outdoor seating but it is only one or two tables on an outdoor deck.  For lack of a better term, I would say it is geek american.  all fresh and you can watch them make it behind the counter on the flat top.
I have been to Sophia's for lunch and breakfast twice each, though their breakfast makes for a great lunch and I assume the reverse is true.  We originally went for the homemade bread we learned about on the food network.  But the bread is so good it isn't always available.  They will do what they can though, that's the type of place Sophia's is...people working who are invested in the business of making sure you get a good meal at a good value. Everytime I've been in there I see a waitresses smiling.  Usually the owner/manager checks that everything is okay.  If a glass is empty, it gets filled, not just by your waitress, but by someone who notices and addresses your needs.  They are nice. They are nice enough that the food doesn't have to be good.  But it is, really good.  I've just had omelettes and the Chicken Sophia, and it's all been fresh and flavorful.  I frequently order breakfast potatoes crispy.  Usually the waitress nods and brings the same potatoes you would get if you said nothing.  Not here; at Sophia's you see and taste the difference in your order. A must visit Buffalo establishment.
Great atmosphere and good food.  Perfect for breakfast and lunch.  The waitresses were very friendly and interested in getting us seated quickly even during the lunch rush.
This place is phenomenal! The greatest food and great service. I love the Gyro Big Breakfast and I've never left hungry. We often take food home there's so much. We've been coming here for quite a long time and it only gets better. Try the Skillet Breakfast or the Giambotta! You won't be disappointed. If you like to eat at a reasonable cost, this is the place! If only they were open at 4:00 am...
One of my regular breakfast joints in the city.  We discovered this place while living in Blackrock, well before Guy Fieri featured this place.  I am an omelet kind of guy and this place delivers.  I always judge a breakfast joint on a Bacon and Swiss omelet.  it's been my favorite since I don't know when.  The omelet here is delicious.  I have tried many of the other varieties on the menu as well.  A personal favorite is the Sophia with gyro.  An omelet filled with spinach, feta, tomato and gyro.  I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.  Another highlight of the omelet breakfasts is the wonderful homemade bread that accompanies it.  Sophia makes loaves of this treat daily.  You've gotta try it.  They also make a french toast with it...The interior leaves a little to be desired but the generous portions and extremely fair prices will keep you coming back for more.  Family owned and operated.  Sammy, the one owner, has been manning the grill every time we have ever been there!!  Give it a try if your sick of your same old chain restaurants.  Highly Recommended.
I love this place. It is kind-of in the middle of nowhere, at least not where you would expect a cute, delcious breakfast place! To start, the decor is very old-school diner, not very impressive but the atmosphere is made so cozy and warm by the service ( Sophia herself walking around, servering tables, striking up conversations) It is so refreshing to see the owner of a restaurant participating in the day-to-day operations of their establishment. The atmosphere alone makes this place one of our favorites. The delicious and fresh food is icing on the cake. I have to admit, I have not really explored the menu extensively. The fist time we went there ( over a year ago), I ordered the breakfast burrito and have had no reason to order anything else since. It is very tasty, served with their crispy and perfectly seasoned home fries. As if that is not enough food, I always order a short stack pancakes for us to share. No matter the kind that we order (the have a few different ones), they are always light and fluffy! If you are looking for a simple, diner breakfast that is madewith  fresh ingredients this is a great spot! There is always a wait (as there should be for any restaurant worth going to) but it worth waiting for. The atmosphere and service makes this place a breakfast gem in Buffalo.
On a busy Sunday afternoon my boyfriend and I decided to try a new place for breakfast; Sophia's. It was recommended to me by a friend and we just happened to be nearby. From the moment we walked in, we were greeted with smiles. We were seated promptly and treated like family (as another reviewer mentions). The waitress took our drink orders and brought us back a chocolate milk and coffee. The chocolate milk was delicious! The coffee served fresh and hot. Our waitress came back, answered the many questions we had about the menu items and put in our orders. When our food arrived, it looked spectacular and tasted just as good. I ordered 2 eggs over easy with bacon and french toast. My boyfriend ordered the same with blueberry pancakes and ham. We shared and got a slice of heaven in every bite. I have no complaints about the food, the service or the prices. We must go back and try that skillet thing I keep hearing so much about! If you've never been, I suggest you get there ASAP.
Great food with fresh ingredients. Has the vibe of a neighborhood diner.
it was good! i expected more after all the rave reviews but my omelet was very tasty and i had a great experience.
So I finally got a chance to try this place out, and I knew that it was going to be crowded so I packed some patience. Lucky for me a table opened up right in front of the door right away so I grabbed it.  I will say that the food I had was really good, however the service is what was outstanding, and really what made this a 4 and not a 3.  People with kids will understand.  When you order a drink you never place it within arms reach of a kid, as many restaurants have found out when I bring my daughter. You also never place hot food in front of a kid because they wont wait.  So cute girl with the pig tails who waited on me, kudos.  The inside was really nice looking and every seat was packed.  I ordered the gyro souvlaki, and my kid had grilled cheese on what looked like their homemade bread, with crinkle fries.  I scarfed mine down no problem.  The gyro meat was excellent and plentiful, had I not been a bottomless pit I totally would of had left overs.  It came with warm and delicious pita bread, on top of the standard tomato, iceberg lettuce, onion, feta, and olive salad.   My kid being a kid of course didn't touch her food, except a few fries, but I fully plan on eating the grilled cheese tomorrow.  The crinkle fries were a little disappointing, but I guess you can't make everything from scratch.  My biggest complaint isn't with the restaurant itself but with humanity.  There were double doors to get in, and a few people thought it was cool to just stand there with both open, of course I was sitting right in front of it.  I  want to go back again and try some other food, I bet it's a great cure for a hangover (not sure if they sell alcohol though).  So in a nutshell, good food, great service.
Passed through Buffalo on our way to Vermont and found this gem on Yelp.  Definitely 5 star breakfast.  Both my girlfriend and I thoroughly enjoy our breakfast (breakfast burrito and french toast).  The food was hot, fresh, and very tasty.  You get the feel of eating at a diner with a bit of a modern take on the traditional breakfast items.  Parking/seating is a bit limited and due to the popularity of the resturaunt, you may have a bit of a wait during peak hours but it is well worth it.  Will definitely revisit Sophia's the next time I'm passing through Buffalo.
Went there for lunch on the weekend.  The prices and service were excellent and the portions were quite good.  The food was good, but not outstanding.
Home fries extra crispy good, homemade bread was the BOMB and omlettes were on point! We randomly found this GEM and were pleasantly surprised and pleased! The wait line was a little intimidating but it went quickly...well worth the wait!
I would like to consider myself a diner person so whenever I find a new one that is good I'm very impressed. I am originally from Toronto so trips to Buffalo are a common occurence....I am soooo sad that i never knew about Sophia's before I left 9 years ago to live in Maryland. My boyfriend and I were in Niagara Falls and wanted to get some good breakfast on our way out of the area. Suri directed us to Sophias....It was everything we could have hoped for....He had the Apple Cinnamon Pancakes with Ham and Hash browns....the ham was cooked perfect and the Pancakes were huge and sooooo yummy. I had eggs, bacon and hash browns with some of their homemade bread...everything was perfection. The waitress told up about their lunch specials and we decided to get a sandwich for the road.....OMG...I don't even like lunchmeat but that sandwich was amazing...just the right amount of condiments and the bread which was homemade was also to die for. We are back in MD now thinking about how much we would love to go to Sophia's again for breakfast.....
stopped on the way to the airport.  The line was long but it moved fast.  Cheap, quick, good food.
