BRING CASH! The Rotisserie Chicken is OFF THE WALL. So bomb. So good it was falling off the bone. The special dipping sauce for the sweet plantains (Maduros) is incredible and you should buy extra. The Tostoñes are slamming as well. Overall it was a feast of flavors; the yellow rice was well seasoned, the red pinto beans had bits of vegetables, and the service was friendly. Definitely one of the go to spots for Puerto Rican food in Buffalo.
Bravo.  6 bucks for lunch Pernile shredded pork adobo rice and pigeon peas    And sauce Delicious Food quality it tops You don't have to be Puerto Rican To Enjoy their food Previously I Love their chicken extra crispy fried or roasted rotisserie
I have to day this is one of my favorite place in Buffalo.  Great music, and the food is to die for! I'll always recommend this place to anyone looking for an affordable meal that taste like it'll cost you $30 a plate.
This place is legit. BRING CASH. I was happy to find a PR restaurant during my travels, but then I was in for a surprise when I walked into Niagara Cafe and look at the pasteles and papas rellenas (stuffed potatoes). This was certainly authentic. It has that Hispanic feel too. Nothing fancy, but with all the good food. Easy to find too. I really think their pork is one of the best ones I've ever had. Why? Perfect moisture and tenderness. The flavor is representative of PR. The pastel and the parcha juice were delicious. I left wanting for more of that crunchy hearty pastel, but the papa rellena was mediocre. The rice could use some more adobo, but other than that this place is a gem. Servers were nice but a bit slow. Definitely worth the visit. Only issue - cash only.
My Order: Pastelitos & Relleno de Papa Pros - very hearty appetizers. I love eating the pastelitos (cuban "patty") & relleno de papas (potato ball w/ beef) - short/no line up Cons - I wouldn't come here for the ambiance - the service is lacking - very fatty fried food At the end of the day, the pastelitos & relleno de papa is delicious. Fortunately, my school catered food from niagara cafe & I gave these two gems a try. Their food and ambiance is a bit rustic and dirty but it is delicious.
Despite living two blocks away from Niagara Café for the last 7 months and all of the rave reviews, today was the first time I finally stopped in. You won't get treated like royalty here, but that doesn't matter because everything is about the FOOD. I ordered the fried chicken dinner, which came with three pieces of chicken, a side salad, beans, and a mountain of yellow rice--a generous portion for only $9. It was hands down the best fried chicken I've ever had. I even picked the bones clean and I can be very picky about the texture of meat. A few reviewers had a problem with the neighborhood, and I guess it could be a little intimidating for some people, but I'm excited to have found this little gem so close to my apartment and I cant wait to do more exploring on Niagara St. Others also noted an issue with the noise. I would certainly say that Niagara Café is much more lively than your average restaurant. They play some great Latin American music and our waitress, who was a feisty, sweet little grandma would come up to the tables shouting "ole!" At one point the line was almost out the door for take-out, so I understand why people said it was loud. If that kind of atmosphere makes you uncomfortable, you may prefer to order out. But, if you don't mind a bit of a party while you eat, you'll feel right at home.
Generally the best place to get a meal that will satisfy. Here's a hint. Don't go an hour after they initially open and get the roasted pork. This is my "go to: dish and its usually money in the bank. However, you have to remember that the longer pork roast, the better it is. Perhaps the evening pork is where to goods are. Other than that, the food is great. They also need to start taking credit cards!!!
Niagara Cafe is a strange restaurant but with quality food, for a very reasonable price. And, like someone else also noted, they probably don't care for the ambience and decor or for that matter, any reviews. It's just a simple family owned restaurant with a limited menu, good food and OK service. I would recommend this to anyone who does not care for fancy silverware and wants to be a little adventurous. And yes, they do not accept credit cards. Only cash. They have an (expensive) ATM though.
Ok let's be clear about a few things: 1) Niagara Cafe does not care about this review 2) the service is moody headed toward rude, and they don't care about that either 3) it's in an iffy neighborhood (but a well lit busy street) 4) oh ya, the food is pretty good! It's cheap and flavorful (especially the pernil) If I was in the neighborhood again I'd drop by for some take out, however not sure I'd make a special trip.  But then again, they don't really care...
A hidden local gem! Don't be fooled by the lame name and their crummy appearance. There's no 5 star service here but nobody cares. This place knows food! They serve some of the most flavourful, tender and juiciest chicken I have every had. I cannot seem to find anything to criticize about the food. There are only highs here; chicken, rice, beans, plantains..etc. Tremendous value for your money and a MUST visit if you are in the area. CASH ONLY and big line-ups.
If you're looking for authentic home made Puerto Rican food, this is the place to go.   They also have the option for people who do not eat meat, especially pork. But if you like pork, you will love the dishes that they have available.  I recommend the pasteles and platanos. Very tasty and fresh.
After being back here a few times for their lunch specials, I felt like it was my duty to update my review. For $6, Monday through Fridays (11a-2p); you can get a quarter roasted chicken with a handful of delicious beans and yellow rice (make sure to mix them together for proper enjoyment). There's also some pork options, but I've been sticking with the chicken. I love it. It's crispy, yet tender and every time I'm here...I lick my plate clean. Such a plentiful, hearty lunch and at only $6 -- it leaves me incredibly satisfied. Here's a little pro-tip: ask for their mojito sauce...it won't get you tipsy and it will be an extra fifty cents, but this tomato-based tangy mix is a great companion for the chicken and/or rice. They simply need each other.
This place may be a little out of the way, and a little confusing when you walk in.. but aside from that the food is genuine.  There was a tiny little place like this in Dunkirk, NY (high puerto rican population) and I so badly missed their 'inside street food' as I called it.. A friend of mine, the concierge at the Hyatt Regency actually suggested this place as I shared my love of Platans Frigits.. I'll admit I was a little timid walking in there as it's a busy cacophony of hard working folks and hungry lunch breakers all trying to grab a bite and find a place to eat it... That being said.. the food did not disappoint.. just as you would expect from an invite to Wela's (Grandma's) house.. you could tell that this is not some frozen, thawed, cooked, chilled, re-heated, mess you'd see in a chain.. this was food cooked with love.  That and the fact that it's too cheap to even justify.. I felt like I didn't pay enough when I was leaving.. Don't let the exterior put you off from what could be a very fulfilling experience trying something new, or old.. either way.. enjoy!
I found this place on Yelp while looking up places to stop for lunch on the way back to Cleveland. You guys didn't disappoint. Yeah, the location isn't the greatest (but hey, I'm from Cleveland, right?). But this is some serious Puerto Rican comfort food. We split some fried plantains, I ordered the pernil, and my boyfriend ordered the special: a sort of stew. My mouth is watering thinking about that lunch... damn that was some delicious pork! Quick service, and super cheap, and very authentic.
"It's about time Buffalo eats some rice and beans" was exclaimed some 20 years ago and the Niagara Cafe was born. It's been family run and home cooked the whole time. Important info when deciding to go: Puerto Rican food is not spicy. It has a liquor license. Ask for the coconutty, creamy rum drink. There are virtually no vegetables involved in a meal here. There are bananas and plantains though. Every meat is tender and falling apart. The flan is superb. Not slippery, texture is more like cheesecake and it is no afterthought - build your meal with it in mind for the end.
Who new I could get so excited about Flan and Coquito! I visited Niagara Cafe after reading some of their reviews and was glad I did. This is an "in-your-face" Joe and Jane blue-collar, stand in line, grab a table, order your food and eat it kinda place.  No frills but...GREAT Food and Service. I got to sample the Platans Frigits (Fried Plantains), the Pollo Guisado (Chicken Stew) con Arroz y Habichuelas (Rice and Beans).  I also sampled the Pernil (Roasted Pork). The plantains were crisp and were accompanied by an excellently tasty (spicy-sweet)  sauce that I want to find more uses for at home.  The Chicken in the stew - mixed with seasoned potatoes and vegetables - well - there is nothing more tender that I've seen.  I had Arroz Groc or Amarillo (Yellow Rice with small peas) which I found to be light, tasty, flavorful and hearty.  (Strongly recommend.) I was having a great time with great Spanish food in good company when it happened...  Flan?  what's flan? I'd heard the name before and - thinking it was one of those food names that might turn you off before you even try it (like gooey duck or thousand year eggs) I never tried it.  What a mistake. The Flan  - a firm, vanilla and caramel flavored custard that is lightly browned or torched on top - was a hit out of the ball park for me.  I LOVED IT! And - as if things could not have gotten any better - I got to sample Coquito.   What's that you say?  Haven't tried it?   I recommend that you do.   Coquito is the Spanish/Latin version of Egg Nog.  BUT...it's so much better. It had a beautiful coconut-nutmeg-cinnamon-clove bouquet and isn't as thick and viscous as Egg Nog.  Tasting it was heaven.  I want more...pretty much right now. Niagara Cafe is a local owned, family place with great, tasty Puerto Rican style comfort food at the best affordable prices.  (Strongly recommended.) Who knew - I could get so excited about Flan and Coquito.  I hope you do as well.
So so good! We are obsessed with the beef and cheese empanadas! Worth a drive into the city for ;)
WOW. The setting is nothing special. It may appear rundown and a little neglected but one thing the ladies behind the counter kept telling us was that the chicken was "so good". We sat down and got the family platter, a whole chicken + rice + beans, for $15! The portion we got was a pretty good size to share with 2 - 3 people and the chicken was divine. My friends and I sat in absolute silence while we chomped away at the good. It feels very authentic in there. There wasn't a word of english spoken in there and it appeared the patrons and staff knew each other well. It was almost like brothers and sisters congregated at grandma's house for some food and chit chat. There was even Mexican football on the TV to give raise the authenticity another notch. Like many have said, the place is nothing special but the food is so good. Finally, there have stopped accepting card payments so make sure you bring some cash with you, although there is an ATM in the premises if you forget.
Niagara Cafe, why do you put crack in your food?  It's just so wrong.  Whenever I'm done eating, I just can't help but want more...  I'm addicted, I tell ya! Every time my friends and I would get Spanish food, it would be from Niagara Cafe.  Niagara Cafe for meals, party food, whatever!  One time, we sped through downtown Buffalo just to get there before they closed! Oh, how I miss you...  Your pollo guisado, pernil, arroz con gandules...  Man, I want some right now!  I miss the CRACK!
In the most gorgeous part of the beautiful city of Niagara Falls, NY, this palatial establishment overlooks the rapids and you can literally smell the mist off the Horseshoe as you dine on your $40 steak dinners. OK, that's a review for a different place. Niagara Cafe is nothing like that. It's cheap, it's in a bad part of town, its Puerto Rican, it's amazing, 90% of its clientele are not from the USA, or their parents aren't (myself included), and to be honest it's probably the best Puerto Rican food I've ever had. The lunch specials are so so cheap too, and the dinner specials are a very good deal for the amazing food you get. Don't tell anyone you think this is in a bad area (mega potholes, homeless people and drug addicts, bars on windows, abandoned houses, I'm not sure what gave me that idea), or they will bite your head off. I got abused several times for saying that on Yelp. I hope it was from local residents and not from people who work here, but even if it was, that takes nothing away from how incredible their food is. The older servers are really friendly and go out of their way to make you happy, the younger ones seem like they'd really rather not be there, but maybe that's what a family business is all about in the postmodern world. Went back here just the other day, nothing has changed, in fact if anything it's more delicious than ever. The Pernil is heaven - best I ever had. Ask for it extra juicy and make sure you get red sauces - several of them. They shouldn't charge for the red sauces (50 cents per sauce) but who cares when it tastes this good. This is one of the best places in Western NY to get food, DO NOT miss it. One of the top ten restaurants in the region! **** Original reviews Just to re-iterate, if there was the hottest woman on earth, or Niagara Cafe food, I would be spending the night alone, and full. Wow! 5/5 What my review originally said was that this is in a bad area. Bad area for me usually means honest, hardworking people with a low average income (the kind of area I've lived in quite a few times in my life), but apparently a resident of the West Side did not take kindly to me describing it as such, and I received a lot of abuse for my review, and thereby deleted it. Basically here is the gist of it. Latino Food is hard to come by in Upstate NY. If you're in or near the city, you are spoiled, whereas if you're out West or in most major cities, you have some authentic Mexican (not advertised as "authentic Mexican" mind you, which would mean it was guaranteed 100% American)... but simply put, you should never try Mexican food in Buffalo. However, this Puerto Rican style food joint makes up for Buffalo's lack of Tacos and then some. Puerto Rican (and Latino Caribbean food in general) is insanely delicious. It's something like Mexican and Argentinian and Colombian, but more like Cuban, but more than anything it's utterly delicious. I get, and highly recommend you get, the Pernil (roasted pork), with rice and beans and soup (all comes with it), and the red sauce. The red sauce makes the meal - it's very tangy and garlicy and dreamy - ask for extras before you leave (trust me). Also, if you like your food soaked and juicy and scrumptious like I do, ask for the juice to be put all over the rice/potatoes for you. That will really take it to the next level... Puerto Rican food can be a little dry at times, but if you get all that Pernil juice poured all over it, with the sauce and the soup too... it's an otherworldly experience. I have tried Puerto Rican places in Florida, New York City, and on Long Island, and this one is still my favourite. The red sauce must be an illegal drug because it is too good to be legal. Bravo, Niagara Cafe - Bravo. Heart. P.S. It's in a really, really, really, really, really, really horrible, terrible, scary area. Joke.
My friend took me to this place because she raved about how good it was......and yes, it was really, really good. I highly suggest getting anything with roasted pork...the pork is the cleanest-tasting pork I've ever had. I had a pork plate with yellow rice and beans. It made me warm and tingly inside. A lot of people are scared of eating Puerto Rican food, but it's delicious. Strap on your bullet-proof jacket and definitely come over to place. And for some reason, sit-down service is quicker than take-out. -1 star for being in a bad neighborhood, sketchy people walking in and out, and for being dirty.
I can't believe I have not yet done a review of Niagara Cafe.  And seeing that others have said so much, there isn't a whole more I have to say except... 1 - The rotisserie chicken is addictive, but *maybe* a bit too salty.  Other then that, absolutely perfect. 2 - The roast pork, pernil, melts in your mouth and is especially good with the spicy red sauce on the side. 3 - I could live on the beans with yellow rice and pigeon peas.  I love that the beans have potatoes mixed in and I have tried on numerous occasions to replicate the dish to no avail. 4 - The parcha, a passionfruit drink, cuts the salt so well, but is too sweet, so I always order a cup of water to cut it in half. 5 - Sweet plantains.  They aren't on the menu, but if you ask, and you are lucky, they'll make them for you.  We frequently finish the first order before the end of the meal and have to order another for dessert. It is cash only, and sometimes the service is a little slow, but if you are patient you will be rewarded.
Just finished eating here for the first time with my husband. Setting: Nothing fancy, but it works Service: Good, seated ourselves, waitresses came right over, were attentive without being annoying Food: Good, not the most fancy food I've ever eaten. I would liken it to if I had a Puerto Rican grandma cooking the food for me, authentic and delicious. Overall: I wouldn't run out of my way to go here but it is good for cheap and the portions are very fair.
AMAZING food! i loved the pulled pork, and it has to be some of the best I've ever had. The rice is amazing, and so is the empanadas I really liked the beef and cheese one! will def go again!
This is my default forgot/didn't feel like packing a lunch spot. You just can't go wrong with the filling lunch specials for $6. I've been sticking with the pork, but today I also tried a Relleno de papa (potato and beef inside) - $2. Amazing! I usually get take-out but have dined in once. It's a small cafe-like atmosphere. They don't accept credit cards anymore but do have an ATM inside. They also have a parking lot so you don't have to worry about finding a spot on the street or walking far. If you haven't been, do yourself a favor, stop whining about the neighborhood and at least stop in for some take-out!
This place makes me cry it is so good.  Fried chicken, baked chicken, rice, plantains, Puerto Rican desserts. . .you can't go wrong.  We've been in the area for 2 weeks and this is the best meal I've had during our entire stay.   The restaurant isn't fancy, but the food is the bomb.  Don't forget the hot sauce.
Worth the hype! I had heard the accolades and read the reviews, and I completely agree. Niagara cafe is great. I had the rotiserrie chicken, tostones and yellow rice.  The chicken was tender, pulled easily off the bone, and had a slightly crispy skin...delicious. The tostones were some of the best I've had, but they were also the 3rd I've had. The "garlic ketchup" - I've missed "garlic ketchup. " (I use quotes, b/c it hardly tastes like ketchup. It's more like a mild picante sauce with lots of garlic.) I'm glad to have found this place b/c it fills a void in my options for dining in Buffalo. Several years ago there was a similar place on Main in the University neighborhood, but it soon closed and became the first University Hots - a cruel substitution. I got takeout and it came quickly while I waited. I'm looking forward to returning for the chicken stew.
It is basically the most popular Puerto Rican restaurant in the Lower West Side of Buffalo. The food is really Puerto Rican food, but the price is expensive to go often.  The Chinese restaurants are able to offer good price and food. Why us Puerto Ricans can do same? Lets be ambitious lets make Puerto Rican affordable. Anyway about the Niagara Cafe, I give 3 stars because of the price and the lack of good customer service. Even though the food was great, I will don't go there often. I will be looking for an alternative.
I love the food here. All dishes are authentic and tasty! I give 4 stars only because at times you will get disposable plates, versus glassware. The staff is friendly and very helpful. Try Niagara cafe if you have a hankering for REAL Puerto Rican food!
This is one of my favorite places to go for a quick sit down meal or to pick up dinner for the family. Their food is delicious and the prices are great!
Mmmm delicious juicy chicken. The employees always remember their customers. Especially those who clean the the plate & bones. I'm George. So they say.
Food is cheap, but it's not as good as I wanted it to be.  The food is a bit dry, and the people who take your order they don't really listen to you.  Check your food before you leave because they always manage to mess up my order. I have definitely had better.
We gave this place a second try for take-out.   The rotisserie chicken was delicious- perfectly cooked with delicate and crispy skin.  We also ordered the roast pork lunch special.  The pork was good, but the chicken was the star of the show. We were disappointed that they only gave us one small container of garlic sauce (even though we asked twice for several containers of sauce).  The chicken would have been even better if we didn't have to skimp on the sauce.  The next time we are going to order  the family pack: (1) large yellow rice and beans, and (2) a whole chicken for (I believe) $15.99. We will definitely be frequenting the Niagara Cafe!
No need to be overly wordy - this food is damn good, almost addictive. I like variety and don't gravitate to the same places over and over unless it is totally worth it - and Niagara Cafe is. Fried Chicken, fried pork, and Chicken stew are the highlights of the menu for me and have been in constant rotation for months,
I have been here for lunch and  take-out for dinner a few times. Everytime I was not disappointed.  I typically get the half chicken dinner which comes with beans and tons of rice and a very big portion of extremely delicious, well cooked chicken.  And the thing is it's only like 8$! I love me a cheap meal and you get your moneys worth here! Another big favorite of mine here is the Tostones they are delicious...however the dipping sauce tends to be very salty so at the end of the meal I am still tasting it for about 6 hours and it's not a great taste to linger.   It is nice they have a parking lot, since a lot of places I typically get take out from do not.  The restuarant itself could use a little make over...but all I care about is the food so doesn't matter to me.   The only hiccup I have had here is we ordered a bunch of food for take out and when my father showed up to pick it up, they just stated they never got that order. All in all I will continue ordering from here and ocassionally dining in.
Their pork is amazing. AMAZING. Five star pork. The rice was awesome too. The beans were bland. The tostones were also very good. The garlic ketchup/red sauce was delicious and a little slice of garlic heaven. It's pretty much a hole-in-the-wall joint but does a lot of business, yet we were served in styrofoam take out containers. I don't know if this was because we came in hour before close or what, but with a few more friendly interactions and some dishware, I would happily bump this place up to 5 stars.
We were visiting Buffalo for the day and wanted to grab a bite to eat. And actually Yelp! directed us to Niagara Cafe, due to it's ratings for the area. We were hungry and decided to go for it. While not the best looking place in town, it was definitely a pleasant surprise. It's got a diner feel to it. There was a line out the door for take out. The waitress had her grandson climbing all over her. The laminated menus were sticky and worn out from overuse. Definitely a place showing its age, but it had a nice family feel to it. We ordered a full rotisserie chicken dinner along with some chicken stew and fried plantain chips. Our drinks came out first, a refreshing passion fruit juice, and the food followed shortly after. The chicken was just, awesome. Moist, not too fatty, crispy skin, right amount of seasoning. And only $12 along with two large bowls of rice and beans. The chicken stew was equally tasty, although the chicken was a little dry. The plantain chips were tasty as well, great with the accompanying dipping sauce. The four of us were full by the end of the meal, with a bill of less than $10 per person, which is definitely something that can't be beat for a delicious dinner. If you're ever in the area, stop on by and grab some grub. Don't let the location deter you! Pros: price, quality/taste of food, service Cons: limited seating, temperature (AC was blasting, needed to grab a jacket) Dishes to try: rotisserie chicke
Puerto Rican food yum.... Niagara Cafe...YUM YUM.... For $6, chicken, rice and beans... Puerto Rican style .... you can not beat it....   I like there special red sauce that comes with the fried plantains, I actually use it for everything.  The dinner meals are good too fried chicken and roasted pork..  Empandas are excellent too... Beware of the area it's not the best, though well worth the adventure for the reward at the end.
I order the same thing - even after 40+ times here- a pastelillo (because I convinced myself that this depp fried is ok) and 1/2 chicken w rice.  I am never disappointed - it's done perfectly everytime.
Decent food; sub-par service. A friend and I went here for lunch today looking for something new, because of all of the rave reviews.  We were mildly disappointed (probably because of our high expectations). We sat down, and within a couple minutes one of the servers sort of yelled over to us "you ready?"  Not exactly a warm welcome.  I ordered the fried chicken, which was quite good, and she had the fried pork lunch special (I think).  The hot sauce they give you is also very good.  The fried plantains were just okay, but I'd never had them before, so I have nothing to compare them to.  The rice was a bit dry and didn't have a whole lot of flavor, and the bean soup was decent, but very salty. It was an alright meal, but I doubt I'd go back unless someone else really wanted to go.  Certainly nothing worth seeking out (in my opinion, anyway).
Decent food; sub-par service. A friend and I went here for lunch today looking for something new, because of all of the rave reviews.  We were mildly disappointed (probably because of our high expectations). We sat down, and within a couple minutes one of the servers sort of yelled over to us "you ready?"  Not exactly a warm welcome.  I ordered the fried chicken, which was quite good, and she had the fried pork lunch special (I think).  The hot sauce they give you is also very good.  The fried plantains were just okay, but I'd never had them before, so I have nothing to compare them to.  The rice was a bit dry and didn't have a whole lot of flavor, and the bean soup was decent, but very salty. It was an alright meal, but I doubt I'd go back unless someone else really wanted to go.  Certainly nothing worth seeking out (in my opinion, anyway).
If you are lucky enough (or organized enough) to be there (lunch or dinner) when those perfectly seasoned chickens are fresh out of the rotisserie, you are in for a real treat. The crispy golden brown skin and juicy meat fall off the bone, it's as good as roasted chicken gets. They nailed it and they don't mess with it! The cilantro perfumed yellow rice and beans are the perfect accompaniment. The roasted Pernil (pork shoulder) is well seasoned and very tender and juicy as well. They offer quite a few other Puerto Rican favorites as well but the star of this show is their chicken. After eating it 3 times or so I started to crave it so I'm hoping a re-hab center will open in the neighborhood so I can admit myself. Swiss Chalet-eat your heart out.
I used to live in Buffalo, and now that I am out of state, I miss Niagara Cafe! It's a must visit when I come home. The rice and beans are awesome. I could just drink the sauce. The chicken is also addictive. Every time I bring someone there, they love it.
When I'm in the mood for Puerto Rican food I can think of no better place to go than the Niagara Cafe.  This place is comfort food at its best...in the place where comfort food is best found...a shady neighborhood.  You can dine in or take out and everything I have ever tried there (with the exception of the boiled banana...kinda useless) was delicious.   I think Niagara Cafe makes some of the best Pastelillo and it is a must try for any newcomers to the scene.  Little fried pockets of meaty and cheesy goodness.  I wish there were more places that make Pastelillos and their cousins around town, because I can not get enough of them. As for dinner anything pork related will be top notch.  The Pernil (fried pork bits) or Chelutas (fried (seeing a pattern here) pork chops) are UNBELIEVABLE.  They are crispy and fatty and make me super happy to eat.  I was chewing on the bone like an animal last time and was there...and frankly I didn't care who it bothered.  Plus their Arroz Y Habichuelas (rice with beans) is the perfect accompaniment...and so well seasoned.   This place has all sorts of delicious fried things (including amazing fried chicken) which you can not find anywhere else in Buffalo.  It is the mix of simplicity and tradition, which creates a truly unique dining experience.  There is nothing fancy about this place and you WILL leaved stuffed...you really don't have a choice in the matter.  I found this place to be perfect before a long night of boozing...really soaks up the juices.   So next time your in the mood for fried chicken bits...forget KFC...this place is truly finger lickin' good (sorry that's super cheesy).
Very authentic Spanish food for a very inexpensive price. I do wish they had a nicer larger place with a patio.
i eat here fairly often and tend to get the chicken. the chicken..ooooh the chicken. cooked in their rotisserie cooker this place must cook and sell 300 chickens a day and they have it down to a science. perfectly seasoned, crisp skin, juicy, just a freaking amazing piece of poultry. comes with yellow rice and beans and they are not what i come here for but there about as good as rice and beans get. i ask tend to get an order of maduros(sweet bananas) served with a red garlic sauce. i don't know if id call em a side dish or desert but i love em. simple and amazing. the decor isn't the most amazing but acceptable for a place where two people can go and get an amazingly tasty meal for under 20$. the waitress is always attentive without being annoying, and service is always super fast.
I love this food, nothing else matters, really.
Recently moving to Florida where Puerto Rican food is in abudance as much as seafood, I haven't found a place that tops Niagara Cafe back home yet!  It's something about their shells or oil they use in their Pastelillo's that give it this unique flavor.  Almost like it was made with cheez-its in the dough.  Their tostones and dipping sauce is scrumptious and their chicken - undeniably moist and full of flavor!
Was much better before new management. Gain 20 lbs on the stuff.
My first visit.  Bought the pork lunch special & the rellano da papa - both were of good quality.  Food was moist and hot and generally tasty - but a bit too plain.  Looking for a little more spice, but I would return again.  Food was overall pretty good - and there's plentry of it!  I would return, but it's not th place I'm looking for.
Wow!  My family has told me of their many adventures from the Hamburg / Eden area to Niagara St. to enjoy the food at the Niagara Cafe..... I got to experience the food today on my visit to the Buffalo area.  I moved to Texas a long time ago and love my visits home but this made it extra special. My grandparents, my father and his siblings grew up in Arecibo, PR and brought their family recipes to Western NY.   I have learned to make a handful of recipes and all my friends love when I cook it.  The world remains confused with Puerto Rican food, trust me it's a must-try! This place has all of my grandparents ethnic delicacies! What a total throw back for me today - it was delicious. The server was prompt and courteous and actually engaged my 14 yr. old nephew as he worked in a spanish lesson, the waitress tolerated him quite well. The rotisserie chicken is superb!  Delicious, crispy and juicy, fantastically flavorful to the bone!  Yum! Get the yellow rice with beans - just like my dad makes! It's on my list of places to stop on every visit home to the Buffalo area. If you live here - you seriously need to give it a try - come with an empty stomach, the portions are hefty.
Niagara Cafe = Mouth Orgasm
It was horrible!  Went Monday night and the food was terrible, cold room, unfriendly as can be.  Screaming kids, and screaming jamming music to give you a headache.  We drove a distanced to get there and no fried chicken though others had it.  We got dry, dry roasted chicken.....and froze to death!  The fries were frozen and nasty too.  Was so, so disappointed!  Read reviews and wondered if we were in the right place.  Terrible experience to pay for!
I can't believe no one's talked about the sweets yet! The food is good, but the pastries are... great. And addictive. And great. Every time I've brought some to a party they're a hit! I would be huge if I went there as often as I'd like to. Also pretty cheap.
The food here was very good, much to my surprise based on the look of the place. It is small and nothing special to look at, but the food is so yummy! Walking in, I was a little confused by the setup, but after saying we wanted to eat in, we were told the line of people waiting to order were waiting to order take out and to dine in, we did not have to wait in that line, we could have just walked in and sat down. It is a nice little place for a yummy meal.
Yummy!!!!!!!! Get the chicken your gonna like it.
Pleasantly surprised by this little place we found off the highway. Not too many choices available, and we just missed the time slot for the lunch special. We tried the roasted 1/2 chicken with plantains and the roasted pork with yellow rice and beans. Both were very, very good, tasty and succulent. They had a steady stream of regulars coming in for a late lunch. We'd come back next time when passing through rather than venture into the downtown area of Buffalo.
My favorite restaurant in Buffalo took a step down with my last visit.  First, tostones are no longer included in their meal, which also means their tomato/garlic crack sauce that goes w/ the tostones no longer comes w/ it.  You now have to pay $0.15 for it.  Also, the pork was dry which was disappointing b/c it's normally really juicy.  If it's going to continue to be this dry, the 15 cents will be essential to get the tostones sauce w/ it.
Tried this out last night and I have to say, this was some awesome food and extremely authentic. Very busy place, and they only take cash. If necessary, there is an ATM on the premises. Worth it!
Always delicious always reliable. I take out only since my office is a few doors down but you can eat in and the wait staff is pretty attentive. When I call in my order for lunch it's always ready in under 20 minutes!
Big fan.  Pernil is excellent.  Not always the quickest service, but the food is great.
