For those who gave poor reviews because it isn't very authentic...we're in NY, give it a break. I definitely appreciate having some creole-esq food so close to home. I'd say the highlights would be the voodoo wings, strong drinks, and live music!
For those only skimming the reviews: their seafood is awful. I ordered with my friend a catfish poboy, a shrimp poboy, and the Cajun calamari. The calamari was mediocre, and had a distinctly discount aisle taste. To add insult to injury there were no Cajun spices at all in the batter, and no other seasoning. The po'boys were repulsive, and the strange, powdery texture of the shrimp's breaking made my friend gag. Everything we ordered tasted like it had just emerged from 3 years of slowly failing cold storage. Most of the high reviews are from locals about either the drinks or the music, which was admittedly decent, but nothing could redeem their food. Avoid this restaurant
Voodoo wings are addictive and keeps you coming back for more. On Tuesdays they have them on special for a cheaper price. Otherwise I've tried a couple things on the menu but nothing stands out. Some of the service is decent but I've never come across a great bartender. Nice draft selection. The crowd isn't always the best but it's not the worst I've come across. Giving it two stars just for the wings!
My second trip was ok. I decided to go with the Mud Bugs... Aaaaaaa not that they weren't good but I def think its for an acquired taste. I felt like it was a big hype over not very much of anything. The crawfish have barely any meat in them, for me that's kinda a prob. I like healthy promotions of food when I eat. I ended up getting the Voodoo wings as well, which did save the day. As I mentioned... They weren't necessarily bad tasting at all, just too small for my sized appetite. I'd still go back to try others. You can see my tip for the wings. Yum!
Good place,  friendly service. I'd recommend going for the atmosphere when they have live music playing.. They usually have some local Sarah Lawrence bands playing,  or some more experienced bands also. It gets loud those nights,  so don't expect to have a lot of conversation. The food is good,  menu is a bit hit or miss though. . The Gator was a bit tough,  not as tender and juicy as I've had in Nawlins.. I'd highly recommend the voodoo wings though,  never had a non-fried wing taste this good. Mixed drinks are overpriced,  and super sweet. They do have an awesome job sauce collection,  so even if you don't love your food.. You can use it as an excuse to try out some new sauces.
Little disappointed since my last visit. I was surprised that they continue to offer fewer hot sauce choices since this was one of their signature offerings.  Boudin balls were doughy.  Fried Pickles used some sort of egg wash instead of a batter so the pickles separated from the coating but still tasty.  The fried chicken was dry.  It seemed like the chicken was roasted/baked first before being deep fried so it wasn't juicy. Mudbugs were very good and the service was exceptional! I dont know if the chef had changed or if they are having other issues.  I hope they shape up since I usually really like this place!
Really enjoyed my meal! The Voodoo Chicken Wings were unlike any chicken wing I have ever had.  They were so delicious and tender and had great flavor. I had the grilled chicken Po Boy for dinner...which was also very good.
The food here has really gone down hill.  It's just not that good anymore, especially for the prices they charge.  Also, you would think they could put some sweet potato chips or cornbread on the table since they do charge so much for their meals.  It would be a nice touch. I hope you like the temperature quite cold if you plan on eating here.  It was like an ice box in there. I definitely won't be back.
I was very excited to hear about this restaurant after visiting NOLA and having their delicious dishes.  But my expectations were too high. I probably won't find authentic NOLA cuisine Other than in the NO. The gumbo was ok. The peel and eat shrimp I didn't expect to come in a bowl of broth.  For my entrée I ordered fried catfish greens and rice.  This too was ok. Loved the batter used to fry the fish but the fish want seasoned well.   Drinks were light except the Bomb which is equivalent to a Long Island. Oh and the cornbread is clearly baked in a metal pan. How do I know?  The bottom smelled and 5 asked like straight metal. I suggest cutting the bottom layer of and eating it that way.  With out it,  it tasted great.
It's been a while since I was here, so I decided to grab lunch here on a Saturday afternoon with some friends.  I have always liked this place and like the food here.  One of my favorite dishes is the jumbalaya, which is full of flavor and tastes great with an Abita.
First time at The Bayou and the food was delicious.  I had the frog legs and alligator, service was great will be back!
All things consumed here were pretty legit. Any establishment that serves me 2 different types of delicious gravy on one plate is pretty much catapulted to stardom in my world. Such was the case with the Deep South chicken. The Mac n cheese was delicious, and the dressing on the house salad was different but good. What did I drink? Maybe the swamp thing? Can't remember, it carved a hole in my memory center. Cool place!
The Mudbugs at Bayou were as delicious as the ones I eat every year at A Crawfish Fest where they are flown in from Louisiana. Authentic & spicy. Yum....
I have given this establishment many chances. The drinks are great. I love the Hurricanes; one of the bigger draws. However, service is severely lacking. Prime example: this evening - sat at the bar, placed order for apps. App (fried pickles) were fantastic, per usual. Ordered Voodoo Wings. Sat. Waited. And waited. And waited. The server (Courtney?) that took our order then sat next to my party at the bar. When we asked the bartender on duty for an ETA on our wings... The order was never placed. Courtney(?) confirmed that she never placed our order, and casually returned to her meal. What?? So disappointed. We were planning on closing the bar out. Left, since we waited for 35 mins for wings that never came. So unfortunate.
I've been a regular customer here for years. Originally to watch my beloved Zyedco band New Orleans but stayed and returned for the amazing Cajun food. Best in NYC area.
We went for lunch one afternoon and the place wasn't packed so we were promptly seated and served. Waitress was friendly. I personally don't care how prompt a place is or how friendly the staff is as long as the food is good. So we had appetizers. Crawfish, frog legs, mac and cheese, alligator and short ribs and fried calamari. Fortunately the food was good. I never had frog legs before so I don't have a point of reference but I did like them! The crawfish was very good. Tasty. I made sure the shells were nice and spicy. Hadn't had alligator since I was 6 but as I and everyone I know who have eaten gator say, "tasted just like chicken." Our only complaint was the fried calamari. At first i was happy they served the tentacles too because so many places aren't serving those anymore. Its just, they weren't very good. Edible... But nothing special and I wouldn't be ordering them again. All in all We enjoyed the place. Everything but the calamari was very good and well made. I will be going back again!
A great little, local place with lots of flavor, The Bayou is often a place that I forget about.  When I do go, I often wonder why I haven't been more frequently.  I love the po boy sandwiches, their version of skillet fajitas, and the jambalaya.  I think the prices are fair - if you don't get lured into a specialty cocktail you can enjoy an generously sized entree for $11-$22 dollars.  The po boy is definitely a great value - large sandwich, sweet potato chips, and slaw for $11.   On my most recent visit I declined the side of coleslaw and I was presented with a side of red beans.  Truly amazing.  Next visit, it will be on the top of my list!
Went during lunch on a Sunday and ordered fried pickles as an app and the crawfish etouffee and the home made lemonade. Significant other odered the dirty rice and beans and sweet potato fries. ( I tried hus fries and were nice) As others have noted service is slooooow, its sort of an unmindful slow....as if that's the way it should be. I only saw 2 guys today who were waiting tables. Ok now....the food- the fried pickles were awesome! Light batter, crispy, nice remolaude sauce... just great. The etouffe- it wasn't the worse but definitely wasn't near the top 10. I liked the fact that there was plenty of crawfish but I feel the stew hadn't developed enough so it didn't have the flavor and body it could have had. The dish is served with a side of collard greens. The greens were sweet, which being from the south was a little strange for me! Lemonade was ok refreshing...but is also $4 and is NOT refillable. Atmosphere is pretty cool, very laid back. I know I wouldn't go out of my way to go back, but if I was in the area...then it would be my back-up plan.
As a child of south Louisiana, Acadiana (the Cajun heartland) I had to try this place being new to Westchester.  The friendly bartender who answered the phone was from my own neck of the woods and told me to "come 'own down!"  We couldn't wait to get there but sadly, that was the best part of our experience. The portions are big which help to justify the steep prices, ($9 for a small bowl of gumbo, $21 for the crawfish étouffée.) Service was very friendly but painfully slow. In the hour and a half we visited, we saw our waiter only once after the food was delivered. Empty glasses sat at our table never to be refilled. :-( The disappointing thing here, especially for a southern/Cajun guy desperate for a little home cooking, the food was not just unpleasant, it was downright bad. The crawfish  étouffée was served next to a pile of weird yellow rice, not over it and not the traditional white rice. The crawfish were obviously Chinese variety with the fishy taste most people accustomed to Cajun and seafood dishes are familiar with when having had both Chinese and American (Acadian) crawfish. The sour like seafood taste was so bad in fact, I had to stop eating it, and I promise I am NOT a picky eater. I'm a hungry boy. My dining buddy had the Jambalaya and again to our disappointment, absolutely horrible, not just "not good".  Jambalaya has an odd licorice like taste with what tasted like some type of bread or soft chewy stuff in it, mixed with something softly sweet. Unpleasant to say the least and barely 8 fork fulls were had. The cornbread was dark brown and bland cornmeal, not the soft, yellow sweet style cornbread most accustomed to the deep south.   I was so disappointed, wanting desperately to find a home-base for home-cooked Cajun food I could retreat to. The atmosphere is decorated fun, cluttered like any small bar or cafe one might find along the Bayou Teche, welcoming and charmingly chaotic.  With no alcohol ordered, two apps and two entree's, our bill came to $75 leaving us with a lesson-learned feeling if not full and happy stomachs. On atmosphere, The Bayou is homey, welcoming and comfortable. On food taste and quality, throw this fish back and start all over again.
Have been to this restaurant a number of times for about ten years.  It has consistently gotten worse. Food - uninspired and thrown together.  i suspect that the reach-in freezer and microwave are the hardest working appliances in their kitchen Service - apathetic and unresponsive Bar - recently ordered a bloody mary and had to send it back.  that was a first time ever for me, but it was that bad Cleanliness - the bathrooms are an outright disgrace, they look like they have not been cleaned in months.  given this low standard for what their customers can see, i am highly suspect of what the kitchen must look like.
If you've been a Westchester resident during the past 20 years, chances are that you've heard someone mention The Bayou. Tucked away in the Fleetwood section of Mt. Vernon, this place is a great diamond in the rough. I can't claim to know what "real Cajun food, Louisiana-style" tastes like being that I'm a native New Yorker, however I do know that this place makes some damn good food. The place is small and compact, but if anything that just adds to the dive-y ambiance of it. Love the decor, and the bottles of hot sauce lining the walls is a nice touch (especially to a sucker for hot sauce like myself). They have live music on the weekends, with great acts ranging from across the blues and rock spectrums. The good: voodoo wings, mudbugs, kickin' fried chicken, skirt steak po'boy The bad: I haven't had the chance to sample one of everything on the menu yet. Also, the fried pickles are hit or miss, but I like the accompanying sauces. Overall, The Bayou is a great, little place that will leave you full, happy and satisfied.
I've been hearing about the bayou for about as long as I can remember. I finally decided to take my girlfriend and see what all the hype was about. And it certainly did not disappoint. we got fried pickles and mac n cheese for appetizers. mac n cheese was slamming, and the fried pickles, though very different were delicious nonetheless. The sauces they gave you to dip them in added to the dish. I ordered some type of chef's special that was a massive plate of ribs, brisket, chicken, mashed potatoes and gravy, and cornbread. everything was amazing sans the mashed potatoes and gravy. Wasn't a huge fan of their gravy. I cant seem to remember what my girlfriend ordered, but I remember her liking it as well. Not the cheapest of places, especially for mount vernon, ( I dont care that its on the 1 nice block the town has) but the portions are generous and the food is off the chain. I plan on returning with my mother who is an avid crawfish/gumbo/NOLA cuisine aficionado to see how all of their seafood stacks up. Would def return again.
Wish I was back on the bayou, rollin with some Cajun queen. Wishin I were a fast freight train,  just a-chooglin on down to New Orleans. ________________ Ever since I visited New Orleans a couple of years ago, I've looked for a New York bar/restaurant that can pull off the whole NOLA theme convincingly. It's been a tough search...but I've finally found it in the Bayou. From the moment you enter the Bayou, it's evident they know what they're doing. The atmosphere is perfect. It's on the divey side, but in a distinctly NOLA way. A length of corrugated tin roof runs along the wall above the bar. Bras and other thematic ornaments hang overhead. Signs and posters fill the walls. And two piranhas eye you from a tank perched behind the bar. Like I said, perfect. The beer selection is pretty good, and includes my favorite locally-brewed Louisiana beer, a strong, dark ale by Abita called Turbodog. Prices are definitely reasonable. Food at the Bayou is the real star, in my opinion. The alligator sausage with mozzarella is delicious. The fried pickles are excellent -- though I suggest asking for them crispy, as they were a bit undercooked the last time I had them. The mudbugs are spicy and messy as hell...but great if you don't mind a hot mess. The shrimp po' boy is awesome. And they occasionally offer popcorn alligator as a special, which is phenomenal. You can eat at the bar or sit at a table, and the service is good either way. They also offer take-out, if you're just looking for food. The Bayou frequently has live bands. I've only managed to catch one, but it was a good classic rock cover band with some older guys who were veeeeeeery excited about performing. This is definitely the best Cajun bar/restaurant around, and it's my favorite bar in Mt. Vernon, period. My girlfriend recently moved a block away from the Bayou, and you can bet we'll be eating and drinking there frequently.
I have lived in Louisiana for many years... and I became a very picky eater when it comes to Louisiana food especially craw fish boil. Well, let me tell y'all, their craw fish boil was excellent! I can eat few pounds by myself. They also have good mix drinks too.
I came in here with my girlfriend on a snowy Halloweeen night after seeing some glowing reviews on Yelp. I must say, this has been one of the few cases where Yelpers dropped the ball on me. At least sort of, because this place wasn't bad, I just wasn't blown away by it. And I must say, I shouldn't be, because anyone who's had the privilege of trying the same style cuisine in New Orleans or other southern locales, knows just how tasty this food can be. I think what it all boils down to is spice. This cuisine should be piquant, rich with flavors, and laden with all types of ingredients in each dish. Unfortunately, The Bayou simply didn't seem to have the formula down. My girlfriend had the steak po-boy and I immediately felt that it was lacking a good sauce, something with some kick to it, like a smoky mayonnaise or something of that sort. It was decent, but I certainly wasn't blown away. I ordered the jambalaya and popcorn shrimp as an appetizer, and quickly discovered that the shrimp could have served as meal, and that we probably didn't need two main plates. The servings are very generous, I should note. As for the flavor, the popcorn shrimp was good, but I again could have used a tastier sauce and a little more spice in the breading. The jambalaya, same story. Not enough kick, not an overwhelming and distinct taste and it really didn't resemble jambalaya as I know it. Still, we left full, had leftovers in hand (which was especially important considering the $12-20 price per plate) and enjoyed the setting and service. We saw a lot of hilarious costumes, the music was cool, and our server was very attentive and friendly.
A good place for a simple and unsophisticated meal. It is good, but not great.... In all aspects. I recommend if you want something plain and simple.
Ok so it's not the best southern food you can get, no sh*t....go to Louisiana if you want it. But considering that this is the only place that I can find crawfish in Westchester, I'm all for it.   The 2 times I've been there it hasn't been packed.  Monday nights, some tables full, but you can still get a seat, enjoy the live bands, rock out over some yummy beers. Friday afternoon, a quiet peaceful time to suck face with a pot full of crawfish, while it drips down your chin and no one is there to judge you. The mugbugs are pretty awesome, I'm just happy and quiet when I eat.  I haven't had it since I was in California so I was doing the hunt for them that wasn't always at a yearly boil.  At a reasonable price of 26.99, I devoured half of this (maybe more) with a friend and they were nice enough to pack up the rest, with the seasoned bug juice on the side, perfect for no spillular in the vehicle!  Good seasoning, spicy, yum.  I had a few bad bugs that I had to chuck, but I let it slide. Oysters were FAT, and fresh...seemed like it was homemade cocktail sauce..too marinara for my liking but the oysters were just good with some lime. My favorite things were the frog legs meuniere.  Super tender, lemony, super tender.  A must try...god those were really good. The fried pickles were nicely seasoned with their cajun sauce, so while I was reading some reviews I was like what the hell are people talking about not seasoned or bland? My pickles were crispy and seasoned well and thick enough to use as a base to pick up the crawfish juices off my plate.  So fat. I know. The alligator sausage was smoky and not too salty.  To be honest I can do without the mozzarella cheese on top and the alligator itself, I just ate it to eat it but I couldn't tell if it was an andouille sausage or a hot dog. Just didn't tastes like an alligator to me, although I have no idea how it would taste like. I just didn't think it tasted like pork. The fried artichoke hearts were awesome. I just love artichokes anyways and battered and fried, it's exactly how it sounds. I tried a bite of the fried oyster but I got there 15 minutes after it came out, so I was saved 1 and tried it.  I need to try it when it comes out but the oyster I had was thin and dry.  But of course I can't judge until I try it right out of the fryer. Get the lime in the coconut cocktail...if you like pina coladas, it was pretty yummy.  Oh and I'd do without the key lime margarita, tasted more like a watered down more sour mix of a classic marg. Band night is fun, I would definitely go here again on Mondays.  The service was good, I didn't have to wave anyone down to get more napkins. And the bathrooms were mehh. What do you expect? But the fun thing is while your peeing you can read all the ridiculous things people write on the door.
I know the food is not authentic, but, this place makes a great fried pickle, a great meatloaf and a great salad with blackened chicken.  It is also the only place I can go for a tiki drink that is a stone's throw from my apartment, so that makes it worth five stars.   I enjoy the music here, they often have Pink Floyd or the Who cover bands, as well as some somewhat well known Zydeco artists.  I also like the fact that its not crawling with lame-o hair gel Guidos like the place across the street. CAUTION: Beware of a drink named the Bomb.  It will kill you, or at the very least, cause poor judgment that leads to bad decisions.
My girlfriend and I were wandering around the area, and came across this establishment., so we decided to try it out. And before I talk about the place, I would strongly recommend it to anyone in the area for a try. We were immediately taken in my the Mardi Gras style bar, complete with bras and beads hanging from the rafters. The walls are decorated with posters from past music events, records, CDs, and hundreds of hot sauces. Seriously, looking at the walls and you'll spot at least 100 different varieties and most you've never heard of. Cool touch. There's a very "out of Westchester" feel to Bayou that I like. Loved the look. Our waiter was a great guy. Gave strong recommendations that I happily choose. Very helpful with what was what on the menu. First thing my gf and I ordered was a giant order of mudbugs... aka a pile of crawfish. I have never had crawfish before, so I felt like a dummy asking our waiter how exactly eat it. "Crack it in half, suck the head, pinch the tail, eat the tail, savor the spices, drink a cold beer, repeat". Damn was that some tasty crawfish! Little spicy lobster tails. Getting messy and sloppy is a delicacy. Eating like a beast is fun. For dinner, I had ordered the same thing as my gf, the "swamp and turf". A plate of half alligator and half bbq ribs, with sweet bbq sauce, coleslaw, and a lime & lemon. I have never eaten alligator before, and gotta say, I was very impressed. It was an  acquired taste, but you quickly like it. Gator tastes like a salty, Cajun baked chicken/fish nugget. But man was it great! The bbq ribs were perfectly cooked, with meat falling right off the bone, tender, juicy, and the right amount of seasoning & sauce. There's a rib place right down the street from here, but I bet it's not as good as Bayou. Cole slaw was good too, not much mayo which I like. Doesn't have to be dripping. The bill wasn't bad either. The meal was $15 and the appetizer of crawfish was $9. I highly recommend coming to Bayou. It's a great place for dates (get a little messy, have some drinks, enjoy) and for groups & kids (try the alligator, no other place around can say that). I had a blast and will come back again. Very happy with my meal and experience. Well done Bayou!
Oh hell yes. If you have been lurking around looking for good bbq pork, this is your place.  It's got all the right spices to make your mouth explode with happiness no matter what your hunger level may be.   Maybe it's because I ordered them to go, but the artichoke hearts and the hush puppies were not up to the standards I previously held for this restaurant.  The pups were dry, and the hearts were not as crispy as i'd hoped.   Regardless of that erratic appetizer mishap, the food remains high quality and if you're into the whole cajun southern comfort 'bayou' feel, this place will welcome you with open arms.
A-OK about sums this joint up. The good: - Excellent oyster po boy. Well fried oysters, tasty remoulade, good bread. - A huge collection of hot sauce. I love hot sauce! - Good rib eye. Juicy, well cooked. Skip the onions on top, though. - The voodoo wings are amazing. Smoky, spicy, and I love the sauce on the side. - House dressing! Sweet, tangy, delicious. The bad: - Why why why why why do they spray windex all over everything while I'm eating? Not the best way to wipe down tables. - Scattered, inattentive service. - The fried pickles. The most meh fried pickles I've ever had. The verdict: I'd probably go back if I were in the area, but wouldn't seek it out. And I'd probably sit in the bar next time instead of at a table.
Fan of the blues and good New Orleans style eats?  You've got to try this place. Voodoo wings, Mac N Cheese, Hushpuppies, Southern Fried Artichoke Hears, Dirty Rice, Pulled Pork Po Boys.  Need I say more?  My personal favorite?  Deep Fried Pickles. It was ridiculously good. Such a cool, eclectic place that oozes soul and Louisiana.  The staff was friendly and fun.  Great beers and live music too.  The Bayou was an awesome find recommended by a good friend.  Can't wait to go back!
I was in the mood for some good fried chicken, and my husband remembered that there was a New Orleans themed place that he hadn't taken me too yet. This place has a lot of character, and a great bar with live music several nights a week. Our server was very friendly and accommodating, however we ended up waiting an insanely long time for our food to come. Had the server not been so friendly, we definitely would have gotten up and left. I think we ended up waiting about an hour for our appetizer, and another 30 minutes for our main course. The restaurant had cleared out by that point (it was kind of late) and there were only a few tables of people left, as opposed to the full house that it was when we got there. The greens are superbly flavorful, and the fried chicken was moist and crispy and delicious. The cornbread is great, too. My husband got ribs and was very happy with his choice. He liked the hushpuppy appetizer more than I did - I wasn't that into the flavors on the inside that were mixed in. The servings are generous, so you can most likely have another meal out of the leftovers. Street parking here is kind of a pain in the butt, and it's a bit of a seedy neighborhood, so you may have to circle around a bit to find a decent spot.
They must have changed chefs from the last time I went there but the food this time around wasn't as good. I had the cajun philly cheese steak po boy and there were couple problems with it. The wrong cheese was used and it seems they didnt use enough onions and peppers. My mom had the jambalaya and it was ok. My girl had the oyster po boy and she from NOLA so she knows food southern cuisine and that wasn't really it. The next time I'll just stick to my specialty plates. The ambiance fits the theme of Southern cajun down by the delta. Service is great.
A terrible experience. I saw the place the night before and it looked interesting.  I thought I would order some food to go.  The staff on the phone seemed friendly and told me when I could pick up the food.  I got there and the food wasn't quite ready, also it wasn't clear who I was supposed to talk to about picking up the food.  Got the food and when I came home it appeared that I was given the wrong order. I called them back and explained that to the staff and I got a very condescending "UGHHH that isn't possible because you were the only person to order take out today."  It appeared that I was just given a bunch of sides and none of the entrees I ordered. Turns out they had my sandwiches sitting there, but I had received my Jambalaya. I literally have never seen a jambalaya like it in my life and also assumed if I was paying $18 there would be something more then what appeared to be side rice. When I got back to the restaurant to pick up the majority of my order that they didn't give me in the first place I again had to hunt down some staff member. I was told "I guess the guy who gave you the food just didn't notice your sandwiches, they were sitting right on top of your order."   So on top of apathetic nearly non existent staff the food was awful. Like school cafeteria quality, and further more if the staff reads this, I don't get the impression they will care anyway. I wish I had just returned my food and got my money back, because eating it was a bigger pain in the neck then actually getting it. Make your own mind up about coming here, I for sure never will!!!
Based in other yelp reviews I was prepared to be disappointed.  I ordered the gumbo which was delicious and a shrimp salad the shrimp were cooked to perfection...my only regret is that I didn't try the voodoo wings... I can't remember what my man had but he was pleased...I also had a couple of hurricanes which I thought were weak until I noticed that I was laughing at everything... I want to take a point off for the horrible decor but I really do believe this place is a solid four so I'm not going to penalize them....
I went to Bayou for the first time on my first visit to the NYC area.  .  The place is colorful with a Tiki atmosphere and the walls lined with a cornicopia of hot-sauces and bras (pointed to one and asked my lady is that was hers and she declined to comment), and the music is upbeat and fun - but very loud! The service was outstanding and once the live band was done playing, the conversation was upbeat and watching the pirahan in the fish tank stalk prey was the highlight of the evening! My woman had the  po' boy sandwich which came with cole slaw and some sort of chips (maybe sweet potato?).  The chips could have been crispier and needed a touch of salt, and the coleslaw was nothing special.  But the sandwich (from the 'bite') I had)? YUM!  So good!   Spicy and kicky but not overwhelming (for my tender palate).  And, it was HUGE!  This was a giant of a meal, and definitely worth the price!   I had a huge portion of Southern fried chicken - finger lickin' good and was just what I needed to fill me out after a long flight from the West coast with only soda and some peanuts to tide me over. Other than the somewhat slow (but HAPPY and courteous) service, my only complaint is that the music being played was very loud, and the noise from the bar was quite loud as well.  If you go with a quiet talker, expect to have trouble hearing...in our case, not a problem for either of us!
After seeing the executive chef, Cara, on Chopped I thought I'd give this a try when I was in NY. The food was okay, I got the sampler (thank god I didn't ask the waitress to sing), but my fiancee was raised by a born and bred Louisiana gal, and her cooking was far and away better than what I had there. The wait staff was ditzy, and the service was awful. It took them so long to get my drink that the ice had already melted and diluted the alcohol. I can't say I'm surprised by my experience, considering what a nasty, stuck-up bitch Cara was on the show. It's just a shame that her sour attitude comes through in her food. To sum up, if you want good crawdaddies, grab a down home Mama and go net some up yourself. Not worth the high prices.
The first time I went to this restaurant was about 10 years ago.  I actually 'thought' I liked it back then.  I have since revisited it this weekend, because my son reminded me of how good their "Mudbugs" (Crawfish) were.  I cant say how disappointed I was with this spot.  The Mudbugs (Crawfish) were and still remain the highlight of this spot.  They steam them and give a huge portion in this really good spicy sauce, served with sides of Lemon and Lime.   However, it was all downhill after that.  My boyfriend ordered a pork chop special that was on the menu and it was soooo bad, we sent it back and he went for an Oyster Po' Boy...YUK!! Their was so much breading on those suckers you could hardly find the oyster, and when you did it tasted like they plucked it straight from the bottom of the East River--how can a spot that calls themselves The Bayou not get an Oyster Po' Boy right?? I ordered the meat loaf--it came out with some heavy White sauce and tasted like a mushy mix of horsemeat and Rat-back--whatever that tastes like...yuk! Needless to say, the waiter was nice and tried to accomodate us, but, we were done.  Even now, when I think about that meal, It triggers a GAG reflex....Just bad! Considering I have been to New Orleans and their food is some of the best, I have eaten....this place is a shameful and bootleg wanna be.  The one nice thing is that they have live entertainment, and a cute bar, with used bras thrown up around the top, showing that after some chics got plastered they sat at the bar and proceeded to Strip tease onlookers....I would just go here for a drink, eat mudbugs, listen to live entertainment and EAT ELSEWHERE.....
We came across this gem by accident looking for a Brazilian steakhouse we had seen from the Cross Country Parkway.  After driving by, we quickly pulled up a Zagat review in our car and once we heard there was a seperate hot sauce menu, we had to stop. I love cajun food and other than Acme in Noho and Jaques-Imos on the Upper West Side haven't found a decent bowl of Jamabalaya outside of New Orleans. Not only did Bayou have the usual Po ' Boys and fixins but five pounds of Crawfish for $24.95!?  Needless to say, that was the first thing I ordered.  In addition, we tried fried alligator, of course, their ribs and my wife had their southern fried chicken.  Chicken not as good as Yvonne's in Pelham, but that's their speciality... $4 Hurricanes on Tuesday?  I'll take five, please... The only thing I wish I had tried was their Gumbo.  I consider a bowl of gumbo the quinticiential litmus test of any cajun restaturant; just like Uni at a Sushi bar.  Was going to get a bowl and savor it at home, but figured I'd be back here soon enough. If this review wasn't enough for you to check out this excellent find...they also have all you can eat meals on Tuesdays, have a great brunch menu on Sundays and live music a few nights a week. We spent less then a $100 at an excellent, authentic bar/restaurant that is fun, has great food and offers live music.  Oh yeah, three miles from my house.  Life is good.
I've been going here my whole life, and I love it.  Mud bugs for sure.
Local Place thats has a killer cajun menu. The 3 pound Mud Bud Mania is Fantastic. Classic Cajun Food like New Orleans. Drinks are Ok and the Decor is pretty basic. Friendly Staff and owner. Simple, not complex, easy going, local bar, and best hidden gem in Mt Vernon.
So there is a few things; great decor, pretty good food, teenagers work there who WILL roll your eyes at you. From what I saw and tasted: gator sausage with mozarella cheese - very nice mudbugs or crawfish - we ordered a bucket, tasty and spicey my dish - crabmeat stuffed shrimp with rice and cornbread.  so my only complaint is.. if you are gonna portion out the shrimps with the crabmeat on top as a single bite, WHY WOULD you keep the shrimp skin on so I have to spit it out each time and separate the crabmeat from the shrimp. drinks are decent.. my blue Bayou was left with some desire though.. but the Pomegranate margarita was yummy.
My family and I love this little spot.  Their po'boy sandwiches are a great value and they all come with their sweet tater chips.  My fave are the shrimp and catfish po'boys.  You can add extras and although I don't eat pork, my son LOVES adding bacon to the catfish po'boy.   They have mudbugs on the menu for apps and the atmosphere is very chill.  Their crab cakes are simple but tasty.  I love their house salad dressing.  Its a sweet and tangy spin on dressing. The voodoo wings are really good.  Staff if super friendly and the best thing has to be the wall of hot sauces that surrounds the dining room.  Seriously, if you're in the mood for some hot sauce with your meal, just grab a bottle off the wall and help yourself.  Its awesome... Over the bar, you'll see a gater skeleton and various hanging bras.  I wish I was present when those were put in place.  They must have been some wild nights.  If you go on a weekend, go early because the place gets PACKED.  For good reason....really nice spot.
I use to live around the corner from the bayou and often wish I still did. Everything I had there was amazing.Their salad dressing is awesome, the mud bugs sublime. Grab a cold one eat some blacken voodoo wings and enjoy some blues. The Sunday brunch is heavenly too!
This is my go-to spot when any new place gets tired. I love the skirt steak salad as well as the zydeco salad.  When I'm not watching my carbs, the shrimp as well as the steak po-boy's are great.   Plus, you can get sweet potato fries here!   Great drinks and fun bartenders/waiters.  Yes, I like the food, but the people are really what keep me coming back! If you like live music, this is also a good spot on weekends.
Aaahh, the Bayou! One of the few restaurants/bars in Westchester that actually gets me excited! As far as the food goes, I can only comment on the po'boys, since (fittingly) I'm never too enthused about shelling out 25 dollars for the other entrées. And oh man, a catfish po'boy with a huge scoop of Southern cole slaw, a pile of sweet 'tater chips, and a cold beer, is just about the perfect meal. Aside from the food, the atmosphere is just unbeatable. There's always a large and diverse crowd (families, young couples, older people, friends). The music on the jukebox is pretty good, plus they often get decent live acts to play shows on the weekends. Around Halloween, the décor - always imaginative - suddenly becomes frightening, so don't bring anyone with a heart condition. Although service could use a little improvement, I can't give the Bayou anything less than a perfect rating. Overall, great beer selection, very good food, excellent meeting spot and place to hang out, and a rare Westchester institution.
Sorry for the profanity in advance - but I FUCKING LOVE THIS PLACE. Have been going here for years, even before I moved to the Bronx.  I don't know what they put in their basil dressing (other than basil obvs) because it's like CRACK and I find myself licking the goddamn salad plate at the end.   The drink menu has a great variety of mixed drinks and beers.  I always seem to wind up asking for the 1 beer they don't have though.  Fail.  Also get the flaming drink. It's delicious, and you can't say no to a drink on fire.   Apps are good, mains are good, and dishes are big.  They also have live music late nights, and the important games are always playing at the bar.
I recently went to The Bayou for brunch so this review is strictly based on my dining experience on a Sunday afternoon in June. There are three things that I seek when selecting a venue for brunch: good food, good drinks, and good value (it's only brunch so I'm not trying to spend a fortune for ham & eggs).  The Bayou definitely satisfied my criteria. The food selections were diverse and plentiful.  There were lot's of main and side dishes to choose from.  I ordered the Omelet of the Day which was basically a veggie omelet (spinach, peppers, tomatoes, and 'shrooms) with a side of Sweet Potato pancakes.  The omelet was yummy, the potato pancakes were okay.  I was expecting sweet potato flavored pancakes and these were more like mashed sweet potatoes formed in the shape of pancakes. Lol. My friend had the Cajun Omelet w/Andouille Sausage and a side of Grits.  She liked her omelet but she said the grits lacked flavor/needed more salt.  We'll definitely have to try the other sides the next time we go. I was very pleased with their brunch cocktail selection.  Typically many venues just offer the standard Mimosa, Bloody Mary, or Bellini cocktails for brunch.  The Bayou's menu had a few more options in addition to the standard.  I had the Key Lime Margarita and my friend had a Mimosa, and I'm happy to report that the serving size of both cocktails was more than adequate... no need to order a second drink.  But at $7 a drink I was tempted to get a 2nd! The main entree pricing ranged from $7 - $12, all sides were $4, and brunch cocktails were $7.  Brunch for two only costs us $36.00 tax & tip included!  My only "dislike" during my time at The Bayou was the service.  It wasn't bad, just a little slow.  Other than that, The Bayou gets a thumbs up from me.  However, I can only give it 3 stars for now (I wasn't blown away), but I'm definitely planning on going back for dinner soon... :-)
Checked this place out this Sunday 7/21/13. I was extremely disappointed with this place. It was my first time here and I am not coming back.  I live out of state and have had quality dishes durring brunch. This however was something else. Brunch was horrible! I asked the server what she recommended.  She was able to tell me her favorites in every catagory (appertizers, salad...).  She also mentioned which items I should not try (long list) Anyway, I tried a country fried steak and eggs.  The steak lacked FLAVOR! there was a very small portion, it was greasy and tastless.  The eggs were boring (no flavor, even with cheese), dry hard ass biscuits for a $!  My friend ordered the omelette and attempted to try the grits, despite the "warning" from the server.  He opted not to order the grits and expressed that the omelet was "just ok".   Math for ya 2 entrees (friend steak & eggs + sausage omellete +one huricane drink+2 dry biscuits+soda=$54.00)...2 people I OVER PAID!!!!!!! * the only reason this place got one star is because the vadoo wings were really good. In fact too good because they tricked my pallet into thinking more exciting food was to come.  It never did.  Dont say I did not warn ya!
Great place for lunch or a weekend treated my brother for his bday lunch here food was excellent atmosphere is like a transport to the swamp
Awesome place to grab some great food!  There is always an awesome band playing too! I particularly like Vinyl Meltdown!  But, hey, that could be because I sing in the band!  he he he
I love the food here at this place. I use to live a block away from this place and I would go once and a while. Now that I moved away I can't get enough. You have to try the Hot Pepper Sause and the mudbugs are great also... Great Bands in the evening and a really casual bar seen.
Went there today for lunch. Was in the mood for something spicy but tasty. We had the voodoo wings which is a baked with  jerk seasoning. We could not get enough. Next time we are ordering one order for each person. For entree we had the crab stuffed shrimp. Both of us were blown away and enjoyed every bite. The corn bread was perfect for absorbing the sauce. Truly enjoyable and highly recommend to anyone.
YUM!  I went to Bayou for the first time tonight.  Clearly this is not an early dinner establishment as it was pretty much empty at 6pm, but starting to get busy after 7pm...I would imagine it is an insane amount of fun after 10pm - the back of the menu advertises live music several nights per week, starting at 11pm most weekends.  The place is colorful (literally - the walls are pink and covered with autographed photos, cd's in cases, and so on), and the music is upbeat and fun. Although it took several minutes for anyone to greet and seat me, and they were a bit slow to take orders, bring silverware, etc, the staff was friendly, and smiling.  I got the impression that everyone ENJOYS working there.   I had the blackened chicken po' boy sandwich which came with cole slaw and some sort of chips (maybe sweet potato?).  The chips could have been crispier and needed a touch of salt, and the coleslaw was nothing special.  But the sandwich? YUM!  So good!  Blackened anything can be very easily over or under spiced...this was just right!  Spicy and kicky but not overwhelming.  And, it was HUGE!  This was a giant of a meal, and definitely worth the price!  The coffee was also good - tasted fresh and not too strong, not too weak. I will definitely come to Bayou again, and next time will try to catch one of the live music nights. Other than the somewhat slow (but HAPPY and courteous) service, my only complaint is that the music being played was very loud, and the noise from the bar was quite loud as well.  If you go with a quiet talker, expect to have trouble hearing them...
Two things ... #1 Mount Vernon is HOME and #2 Creole (NOLA, not Haitian) blood runs deep in my veins ... I've been to *The Bayou* restaurant a handful of times over the years.  One thing I can say is that they are CONSISTENT.  I love the atmosphere (who doesn't love walls lined with various degrees of HOT SAUCES?!?! or BRASSIERES hanging over the bar?), the drinks are pretty good, portions are LARGE (possibly to justify the inflated pricing) and I've enjoyed the live music on occasion ... BUT (yes, that there is a pretty big BUT and I really hate to add it) ... {insert deep sigh} ... My opinion ... the food is a loose translation of Creole dishes (I am NOT an expert on Cajun food but ...)  Anywho ... Our waitress, though sweet as pie wasn't attentive enough and had no clue either about the menu, Creole/Cajun food preparation or a combination of both ... We ordered the Deep South Chicken (which is without a doubt the BEST thing on the ENTIRE menu) and the Crawfish Etouffee ... which came with "seasoned rice". When I inquired about substituting the rice for "dirty rice" she informed me that "they were the same thing" (Huh?) so I said "fine" and awaited our food to arrive (did I mention that service was pretty slow and it wasn't even crowded?) Dishes arrive.  What's this yellow rice on my plate? Surely wasn't any kind of dirty rice I had ever laid eyes on! Couldn't locate OUR waitress but a neighboring waitress caught my look of displeasure and came over to help (thank you, mystery waitress!)  After explaining to her the situation she quickly notified our waitress -- who a little annoyed and/or embarrassed -- corrected the mistake. My advice ... if you are a native Creole/Cajun/Southern person and are expecting to find lip smackin' down home goodness ... PASS!  But if you are like me and just want a bit of nostalgia with your chicory coffee, have at it! Enjoy!
This place was such a treat to have near me. I really loved everything on the menu, and service was always super fast, with excellent drinks and entertainment on the weekends.
Decent and unique food such as alligator. Got the crawfish. Fun to eat with a group as an appetizer. The steak was great and everyone enjoyed their meals. Definitely face paced place. You have to set your own place from the forks in a cup. Live music at night. Smallish place but would be fun with a group. Food isn't my favorite type which is why I gave it three stars.
Food was less than mediocre.  The hush puppies were like fried sawdust.  We could not eat the Mudbugs - not because we dont like them (we do and have had them numerous times at other restaurants) but because they did not taste fresh.  The $17 mountain of rice with some shrimp in an unpleasant sauce -"Jambalaya" - also was left behind rather than taken home.  Sorry, but eating in this place is a mistake.
Holy crap... Craw fish was bomb! And the Po boys are a must... Ooh and the corn bread. Best restaurant I've been to in a while.
I'll probably never go to this establishment again.  So I've lived in westchester all my life and I've passed this restaurant probably a 1000 times.  I recently bought a groupon for this restaurant so I FINALLY made it there last night.  i just "knew" it was gonna be good...esp since I LOVE LOVE LOVE seafood.  I was wrong.  Let's start with the fact that when we  (only 2 of us) were seated, the restaurant was nearly empty and it STILL took them over 15 minutes to ask us if we wanted water or to take our beverage order.  We watched them pass us at least 10 times and no one asked us if we were being helped.    So..next we ordered hushpuppies and fried pickles for an appetizer.  The hushpuppies had to be the driest hushpuppies I've ever tasted....and the fried pickles were EXTREMELY hot (in temperature) and when you bit into it ...it slid completely out of its fried skin.  It was just a sloppy mess.  Underwhelmed with our appetizers,...we anxiously awaited our entrees.   Picture this...while we were eating our appetizers...a 15-person party was seated right behind us.  We put in our entree orders before they even sat down.  So please explain to me how 15 people who sat down AFTER us where served in their entirety BEFORE us (a party of two!).  So...as our frustration increases and we are twiddling our fingers (our server is NO WHERE in sight)....at least 40 minutes had gone by and we asked another waiter how the other party was served before us?  He assured us that our meals would be coming right out and he'd go check on it.  So..apparently he must've told our waiter about our frustration b/c she busted out of the kitchen saying " your order is coming out now.  There order came out first b/c the cook likes took make everyone's meals together....etc etc."  Wait.....does that even make any sense??? NONE of them ordered anything we ordered...so why would it all be cooking in one big pot?  And hypothetically speaking...if it was being cooked together...why would they decide to serve the larger/later-arriving party first?? Anyways....so our food comes.  I ordered the crab-stuffed shrimp with rice  and mashed potatoes and my boyfriend ordered skirt steak with mashed potatoes and coleslaw.  Now....my meal: when is crabmeat ever gray?  Yes...GRAY!!!  it looked like they pureed the crab meat with taco meat and squeezed it on the shrimp...and THEN poured brown turkey gravy over everything.  It resembled meatballs.  Basically...it was GROSS!  To try to salvage my disgusting meal...I scooped off the "crab" and ate the shrimp only....I've had better shrimp at Popeye's! My bf enjoyed his skirt steak..but both of us agreed that our mashed potatoes were sub-par.   I must say...i was EXTREMELY disappointed in the service and the quality of food at this establishment and I will never step foot into this restaurant again.  I'm kind of thinking this should be a 1-star review.... Don't waste your money.
It had been a while since I went to the restaurant so I decided to give it a try. It was a Tuesday evening in July. We ordered fish dinners and craw fish it was OK. Did not like the collard greens though they were too sweet for my liking. I ordered a hurricane it was good. Will not go back anytime soon.
You're not going to find this kind of food often in Westchester county. Being half Cajun myself, I was dying to try this place. Food was decent. atmosphere was cool. Id go back to sample other menu items and drinks, but it's not in the greatest part of town.
Genius vibe-good food and friendly staff, certainly above "dive" status but still with that comfortable attitude.  Sounds odd but try the deep fried pickles
Go for the po boys and music.  Fun place that's been around for years.  Drinks are fun but a bit overpriced and not very strong.  Staff is quirky and young which adds to the "fun" as well as the crazy decor.  Have been there many times as well as for New Years Eve and heard some of the bands.  Music use to be better but I'm older so could just be me??  Still love the vodoo wings and oysters on the half shell make my mouth water but a lot of the entrees are just OK.  Stick with po boys, appetizers and salads and you'll do better.  Parking sucks so just be prepared to park around the corner in the municipal lot next to Duane Reade.
Like the Brother Jimmy's of the BX. Saying that, I would never order a salad at Brother Jimmy's... so why did I order a salad here? It was good, but I was jealous of all the BBQ'ed meat around me. I know what to do next time.
Darn good eats...I say it again. Want some real Cajun food when you can't make it down to Nawlins? Head to The Bayou. The place is a little puny place and you can still bring a group of friends in and squeeze in a table. The Bayou is also known for having some quality entertainment. Try some blackened voodoo wings, mud bugs  and an ice cold  Turbo Dog and you are set.
Watch out for the Swamp Thang!
The mud bugs are delicious!!! I've never had a mud bug before going to this place and I was pleasantly surprised. The sauce or marinade it comes in is juicy with a little kick and perfectly balanced. They also have an extensive choice of hot sauces. The mac and cheese is nice and creamy. The fried pickles were perfectly light and briny at the same time. Definitely a place for all ages and palettes!
I went to Bayou on a weekday after hearing about this place from some friends and also from the yelp reviews.  i love New Orleans food. But tehn agian you can't compare the New Orleans food with the ones that they serve as there will be some variations.Overall this place was ok. I loved their Bayou wings. When they kept the wings infront of me, i could feel the spiciness in my eyes....Hash browns was ok. the alligator sausage was nice except that it was little salty. For entree i ordered the jambalaya which was pretty tasty., but one of the sauce that they used was a little overbearing..... Overall it's a decent place....
This place is a mixed bag for me. They seem to do some things well and some things...not so well. The portions are C.C. Sabbathia-big though....had to take some to go. It's the only place I know of with quasi-New Orleans food, so it will have to do I guess. The alligator sausage was very good, the gumbo was decent, but the jambalaya was terrible, worst andioulle sausage i ever had. They had crawfish though...$10 for a huge platter wasn't so bad, although the prices for entrees seem a bit high for this type of establishment.
I decided to try this place for the first time and I am definitely going back. The atmosphere was great. The essence of a down south vibe was captured in such a clean feeling space.  The food was amazing, I recommend an appetizer because you will want to take some leftovers home. I enjoyed some Cajun Popcorn Shrimp followed by a Cajun Philly Cheese Brisket Po'Boy both of which had just the right spices and went down smooth. Nothing beats the experience of eating good Cajun food while some CCR plays lightly in the background.
I love this place! I am not a big pickle fan, but the fried pickles are so good. try it! also the mudbugs and the gator sausage is good. it was so good that I had my wedding rehearsal at this place. they have Live music and bras on the ceiling! it's like your in the water boy's house. Also try "THE BOMB" this drink is not one of those girly drinks this will sneak up on you, believe you me after 4 I lost count ! This place is friendly and fun.
I loooove this spot. Great food, drinks and the atmosphere is so laid back. I can't get enough of the Fried Catfish PO' Boy. On my last visit, I decided to try the Louisiana Fried Shrimp Po' Boy and the Hushpuppies. All I have to say is delicious. A cool jeans and Tee shirt spot with a bar and good food. Staff is also great. On some nights you can even check out the band that's performing .
A must for Mardi Gras if you can make it atleast once in your life.  Look up the list of performers on their website because the music will make the night!   The food is Fu@&*ng awesome.  Splurge on the apps and entrees, you can get a po' boy any other time.  The crab cakes tasted so good, I only left my friend one bite.  The fried pickles were surprisingly yummy, they're filling so share with someone.  The dressing for the salads is lick your bowl delicious and the greens were crisp and cold.  I highly recommend their version of the fajitas, I mean I came close to finishing the entire plate.  If you're craving authentic (spicy, heavy) fare then you have to try the Jambalaya.  Choose an entree that is calling out to you and skip the sandwiches.  Not because they are not good but because you will be missing out on something so much better.  Plus the sweet poatato chips they come with are lame and you'll just spend more money for a side dish anyhow.  Eat light during the day so you can pig out and have your way for dinner.  They have bottles and bottles of hot sauce lined around the dining room that you can sample and it's entertaining to read all the funny labels. Drinks are good, but can really add up by the end of the evening so limit yourself unless someone else is treating.  Be sure to make a reservation if you can, and go on a night when there's a hot band. The atmosphere is really cool, memorabilia everywhere.  Laid back and chill.  A place to stuff your face, drink and be merry.  Bras everywhere over the bar when you walk in reminding you that you're at the next best thing to being in New Orleans.  Aah, someday.......
"Darn good eats."  Damn right!
This place is definitely not Cajun and/or Southern cuisine. Food was terrible. And I will never return. I started with fried oysters. The "oysters" were really just a ton of tasteless batter. It was absolutely disgusting. I called the waitress over and showed her all the left over batter and she immediately offered to get me another order. I politely declined. Next up was my shrimp po' boy. This was a huge disappointment. The shrimp were pretty small with absolutely NO taste. They used a different kind of batter then that of the oysters. But it was certainly just as BAD. I will never return to this place. There is nothing cajun or southern about this establishment. Anyone who thinks the Bayou is good or authentic has never eaten in the south.
I came here the other night to meet up with friends and decided to bring my appetite along as well. It's quite attractive on the outside big glass windows with alfresco tables and chairs. While entering you can't help but notice bras and beads raining down from the ceilings in all shapes and colors. I orderd a glass of white wine and proceeded to place my order. I had the buffalo wings with blue cheese, (quite a lot of wings) it was tender and tasty not to spicey, the mack and cheese was hot and cheesy just the way I like it. The corn bread massive, (could feed a small village) The hit was the craw fish my friend ordered a pot full and she showed me how to eat it, since I never had it before, it was Slammin!!!  you can actually taste all the different cajun seasonings in it. The staff friendly and down to earth. Will I return? Hell yeah!!
Visited The Bayou last night for a date night with my bf. I tried frog legs for the first time. They were good, "taste like chicken". I ordered the Pasta of the day for my entree. The portion size was decent enough for dinner and lunch the next day. I had the Blue belle bottom drink (I doubt thats the actual name lol). The drink was just strong enough for me to only have one and be satisfied. The service was good as well, a bit slow but it was packed so I didn't mind. All in all I had a good time and would return here with friends.
Fun Place to go, pretty good live music and cold beer. So I think its pretty good for what it is.
Had a groupon so I had to come here =) they have alligator sausage which I have never heard of, so of course I ordered it....kinda unnerving knowing that you're eating alligator, but it tasted like regular sausage (just a little too salty). Their fried pickles were ok too (kind of soggy). Pork with jalapenos was really good...definitely wanna try the po boys next time. We went on a Friday night so it was pretty busy and they seem to have live music, so it's a fun place. Even with the crowd we had a wonderful and attentive waitress, Tyler, ask for her !
Awesome Cajun place. Only had drinks here but the food the rest of of party had was both delicious as well as gigantic. Will be back. The live doors cover band rocked too.
I've been back a few times lately and I'm glad to report The Bayou has been as good as ever. I had a rocky visit over the summer, but all seems good now.
This place is always wonderful!  I have been eating (and drinking) at the Bayou for at least 10 years and it has remained consistently delicious. It has a fun, casual vibe and   is usually busy.  I highly recommend the Jerk Chicken and Shrimp and Chef Salads (Their basil dressing is insane!!!)   The only reason that I did not give it a 5 star, which the food clearly deserves, is because the wait staff is usually overwhelmed with the crowd and service is almost always slow, though friendly enough.
If your in Westchester and have a need for some southern BBQ or cajun food, this is your stop!..the people at the Bayou are cool and friendly, the atmosphere is dark and if you forget that you are in Mt. Vernon for a few seconds you might believe you are in some small spot on Bourbon St in NOLA....food is great and you can even get Gator - Im a fan of the Po Boys myself....this place does not disappoint....
Another great gem in Westchester! Love the mudbugs and on tap Abita.  The rest of the menu is sure to please!
So it's not N'Orlins, but this place does a good job at getting you there without having to jump on a plane.  Very friendly service with a smile adds to the experience.  Large portions leave you well sated at a fair price.  The decor could have been swiped right off of Burbon St lending to the authenticity.  This is a great spot for happy hour drinks and appetizers as well.  I'd call this a neighborhood gem.
Oh, god that is some good eating and huge portions too. Wow! I was a little skeptical because it wasn't the nicest place but it's so worth it.
Solid southern food. Friendly but spacey service. This restaurant was busy but not packed on a Friday night. Love the insane variety of hot sauce bottles that lined the perimeter of the entire restaurant. I wanted to grab a couple to use for my meal but felt awkward having to ask other patrons to scoot aside. I did eventually manage to get two good bottles after a table emptied and before it was seated again. I started out with the Alligator sausage appetizer. I was kind of surprised/disappointed when it arrived at the table and was covered in melted mozzarella.  The melted mozzarella didn't feel very creole to me. It also added nothing to the dish and I felt the sausage would have been better on its own. For my entree I had the jambalaya. I was very very happy with my choice. I recall the meal being tasty; the rice, the sauce, everything. It was hearty and filling without being heavy. I had to stop myself from eating the whole order. It was pretty large and before I knew it I was down to just a couple bites left on the plate.  I saw another reviewer mention that the bathrooms were kind of meh. They were a little dirty and dingy and kind of "I don't want to get stuck in here late at night when people have been drinking because someone might come in here and murder me because the restrooms are downstairs in this hallway that's dark and has a single bulb hanging from the ceiling" but their appearance wouldn't deter me from returning for another meal.
Great unpretentious laid back atmosphere.  I was worried that this place would be trying too hard with the cajun theme but this place is a natural.  The food is good and comes in large portions.  Decent fried chicken and cornbread.  Wings are actually hot.  Be careful of the delicious jalapenos - it's hard to pace but you've got to eat them slowly or your mouth will be on fire, haha.  The boudin is a joke, however, compared to the south.  Gotta love the bras hanging from the bar.
This is my all-time favorite restaurant.  I used to frequent it when I was in college in Yonkers, and I regularly fantasize about hopping the MetroNorth back up just to have their smothered chicken and a bucket o' mud bugs.  I had my 21st birthday party here, and it was the best birthday I've ever had.  I haven't been back since I graduated, but reports indicate my bra is still wrapped around the bird cage over the bar- WIN! Bayou- you will always have a place in my heart (hopefully not blocking any arteries with your delicious fried foods).
I've visited The Bayou on several occasions and every time experienced great customer service. I once went to see a grass roots band which was awesome, and hung at the bar. Another time I went for dinner. The food was good, but is a tad overpriced. My favorite visit was for their Sunday brunch. The food is delicious, very well priced and the drinks are super cheap ($4), strong and tasty. I highly recommend this restaurant/bar, and with the few places Fleetwood/Mount Vernon has to offer, this is definitely one of the very best.
I like this place alot. I've been going here for years. I like the drinks and some of the food is good. I usually do a stuffed pork chop and I enjoy it. I also like a po boy every so often and that will satisfy the fattest fat boy. Cute staff too so I can't come here with the lady friend..ha ha
Not really a fan of blues and have no idea who the B.J Banjo tootless Wllie cd's on the wall are but the food is great...i got the pulled pork po boy with red beans and rice and loved it,they have random bottles of various oddball hot sauces all over the restaurant and the waiter went out of his way to find me the blast cap mustard sauce i love...all around good time...Oh, the parking was a little tough cause theres a funeral parlor next door and were having a service.
I always wanted to try this place and I finally  had the chance this past Saturday for my friend's birthday. I really like the vibe of this place. It has a cool set up and many nick nacks and pictures on the wall . I ended up having the steak Po Boy which was delicious. There were many other items on the menu that looked really good too. The prices I thought were reasonable especially since the portions are pretty big. I totally recommend this restaurant.
Great atmosphere good bands with a true Cajun menu. Wait staff always professional and friendly.
The food is a bit pricey, and the service about slow, but the portion size and flavour make up for it quite a bit. I never had a bad time there at all, and even brought friends here. The ambiance is lively. Be sure to check the schedule to see if there are bands playing: maybe something you like, maybe not, maybe a cover charge, maybe not. Final word? Good. It's a good place to visit at least once! Recommendation: "The Bomb," deep fried pickles, and the oyster po-boy. You'll have leftovers!
Great food but way too expensive for certain things. they do offer a HUGE PORTION OF smashed potatoes for $4 and its enough for 3 ppl.. but thats only when you order take out.. i ordered the same side when i sat at a table and the portion was the size of my fist.. which is fine b/c im only one person but i planned on sharing it with my friends and we had to order other sides to split.  I guess the take out is a larger portion b/c of the take out container and they don't want it to look empty. they make the best mac n cheese with jalepeno  EVER!!!
I have been here a few times in the past just to get a drink at the bar. Friendly service and lots of cool retro 80's goodies behind the bar, as well as some sexy bras. I only tried the alligator sausage appetizer when I was there and it was great. Just returned to The Bayou this past Saturday and this time for a sit down dinner. Everyone was satisfied with their meals and the service. Hot sauces surround the parameter of the eating area!! I am a fan!
Great Cbicken Po' Boys!  My favorite there.
Really good food..... Fried chicken and mash our way to great. And the setting is realty nice as well. Definitely a place to check out.... Oh yeah the greens are a amazing!!
Awesome! Gotta start with the MUD BUGS! Fried pickles are amazing, a must try. Always get the specials and am never disappointed. Collard greens are yummy. Love, love, love!
The craw dads are outta this world, the succulent spices and buttery flavor served right out of the pot, their alligator is pretty good as well! Definitely a must if u live in the area
Been going there for decades, great food every time and generous portions.  Great service and fun atmosphere.  You'll never leave hungry!
Great Cajun food at good prices, laid back atmosphere, always live music on the weekends!
Great place to go in lower Westchester, in addition to the excellent food it has a great bar which is tastefully decorated with donated bras. For an appetizer we always go with the Fried Pickles they are awesome. The bar changes their taps out pretty regularly and always features some really good brews. Definitely also order the Louisiana Purchase if you dont know what to get comes with Gumbo, Jambalaya and some kind of crayfish thing wrapped in a light pastry crust, dont know what it is called but it great.
I've wanted to try this restaurant for a while, and it did not disappoint.  A very friendly and laid back atmosphere.  The food was absolutely delicious!  I had a pork dish with the most delicious cornbread jalapeno stuffing and the hush puppies were among the best I've had.  The drinks were fun too and not all that expensive -- i had a key lime marguerita and it was yummy.   The staff was very friendly and attentive.  Can't wait to go back!
Food is decent but overpriced. Corn bread is terrible. Go for the bar which is ok but overpriced. Live music is consistently good.
Never had Cajun food before so can't speak for authenticity, but this was delicious regardless. Had the jambalaya, meats of all sorts were all very tender and juicy, well prepared.
Have been coming here on and off for about 10 years.  As several other raters have disclosed - I hold no level of expertise in authentic creole cooking, but that said, this place is still legit. Cool, laid back vibe (early is def. kid friendly) with some good beers on tap (I have an instant soft spot for places the still sell pitchers). Food is good, solid comfort food.  I usually start with the Voodoo wings which are awesome.  I also really dig their house dressing for the salad.  One of the Po Boys is my default but but their stuffed pork chop (has a complicated name I forgot) is good to. Staff is a little flaky but I find myself saying that more and more these days. Bottom line is if you want to compare this with some authentic New Orleans establishment, it loses.  But if your all about solid food (in huge portions) in a mellow place, then just do it...do it...
I absolutely love the bayou..go on a Wednesday and have the half price voodoo wings..baked and blackened chicken wings with an amazing white dipping sauce..jalapeño mac n cheese is out of this world..it gets busy on a weekend especially when they have a band so go during the week unless loud noise doesn't bother you
Damn good food.. Crawfish and alligator are pretty amazing. Live music and great beer.
A delightful change of pace in Westchester. Excellent food at most reasonable prices. Occasionally, service may be slow, but we live it and keep coming back. Southern Fried Chicken, Ribs, Fried Pickles, and even the Meatloaf are great. The Greens are wonderful. We never made it up that late to hear the live music as we are in our sixties. Reminds me of the good times down south Ive had. Highly recommend.
Went here for dinner. Wait for a table varies depending on how crowded it is. The 3lb mud bugs mania fulfills all crawfish cravings!! Jambalaya is just like how they make it in Louisiana. Filet mignon is awesome and very different than most places. It's casual dining. No wine list just a hot sauce menu and drinks specials. Staff is nice and the owner is very friendly. So come on down and grab some good eats!!
I really want to love this place but they continually disappoint me. The service is really slow and the food is mediocre at best.  Meatloaf is not good. Stick to fried catfish and hush puppies.
Nice dive bar slash wanna be New Orleans joint. I always get the shrimp po'boy which is delicious and fresh. Sometimes I venture off and have their mac & cheese which is pretty good and once I had the cray fish which was alright. I've never been on a night that they have live bands, that should be fun. Try it out this little spot in Mt. Vernon you won't regret it.
Definitely lost its mojo a long time ago. The big Irish bar across the street is killing business. Place was empty on a summer Sat. night and the live music is really hit or miss. Tacky cover bands can't draw at a place that  once had edge and who wants to see a tribute to some rock band at a place like this? They should get cajun, blues and country acts. They take out ads in newspapers and don't even have any bands listed, so you don't know what's going on. It all has that last-minute rush feeling. Place is dying a slow death. And the food is pretty crummy, too. Used to have some bartenders who were real douche-bags. Not sure if they're there anymore, but it's sad to see such a funky spot peter out like this.
Great food and portions, albeit a bit pricey and can get very crowded.
We went here for my mom's birthday because the reviews on yelp seemed good... first off the service was terribly- the waiter never checked on us or refilled our water. We waited forever for our food and when it came the corn bread was dry. The summer heatwave wrap was a joke- I could bwrap I could have made at home. No seasoning or sauce, basically no taste at all. My husbands cat fish was good. The salad was the best part for me. My mom ordered the pork chop and it came smelling strange- so two people tasted it and determined it had turned- when we informed the waiter she took it away but didn't even appologize! We asked to speak the the manager and she told us "people have different tastes"- excuse me?! Who likes to eat rotten meat?? She also told us that it was purchased that day...then you purchased rotten meat lady... so infuriated! Watch your food choices here folks it could wind you up in the toilet as a birthday present!
This place was really pretty cool, it's a Bar/Restaurant with a New Orleans theme (obviously), the place is really pretty authentic with their decor, food and drink menus, and with the type of live music they bring in during the week. When I was there they had this amazing 14yr old prodigy leading a band singing and tearing up the jazz guitar riffs like no other. I was only there for diner and didn't know there would be a band and still had to pay a $5 cover which I thought was pretty dumb, it's still a restaurant and not a concert venue. True it was a little too loud to talk to my company but it was a good time none the less. The prices are pretty good here as well. I can't tell you how authentic the food tastes however because this was the first time I had jambalaya or crawfish but from what I'm told they're spot on and it seemed like they took care into the preparing of the dish. The service was pretty slow as if having the band playing made the waitresses less aware that they were still a restaurant with an open kitchen and patrons there to eat. None the less it was a cool place and is worth checking out of you like New Orleans food, jazz music, or just a nice bar.
Went here for lunch yesterday for the first time. Nice relaxed atmosphere. Waitress told me to have a seat anywhere while I waited for my friend. Had the Zydeco Salad - jerk chicken and shrimp over greens with cucumbers, tomatoes and a nice creamy garlic dressing.  My friend had a po-boy sandwich which featured fried oysters.  Everything was delicious. Free refills on sodas. For desert my friend had the keylime pie which she said was good - she mentioned the whipped cream on the side of the pie was not too good.  I had the same whipped cream with my pecan pie and I enjoyed the entire dish immensely.  Someone said it was pricey, but I thought the prices were on point -- maybe because I usually eat in Manhattan. Overall, I wish the restaurant were closer to me so i could visit again soon.   I would like to try some other dishes. But Mt. Vernon is not around the corner.  Plus there's that 6.50 toll to drive across either bridge that gets me into Mt. Vernon.  That's the cost of an appetizer.
The Bayou follows the same layout as most Cajun places --- the walls are lined with at least 30 different brands of hot sauce (it all tastes the same after sampling about 5 of them). Unique are the bras hanging above the bar donated by women who've frequented the place. I'm sad to say I don't know whether these are brought in off the street or taken off in person and left behind. The Bayou is easy to access by car, train or foot, which is great for the residents of Mount Vernon, or anyone who wants to hop in their car  for a bite to eat just north of the Bronx or just east of Yonkers. And there's a full roster of late night talent that plays to a warm and welcoming crowd. However, you're there for the food right?  It's bland by Cajun standards (other than the chicken wings and catfish) and on heavy nights the service is slooow considering the price point on the food. Two things spare it a two-star rating: the portions are large, and it definitely is a great after hours spot on a Friday evening with family or friends after a long week on the job. Definitely more a place of atmosphere than food.
First, the good - the atmosphere was really fun and comfortable and easy to kick back with friends for drinks.  The location was pretty good too and we were able to find parking easily.  When we walked in there was a very good smell in the place.  Now, the no-so-good - the boneless hot wings were SUPER spicy and we love spicy food but it was WAY over the top.  The good thing was that they didn't have a lot of coating on them so I would give it a grade of a B.  By comparison the shrimp po boy was flavorless, even when we requested extra remoulade.  I had read the other reviews and wanted to try some of the BBQ meat so I tried the BBQ po boy and it was just awful.  They could not be making that fresh there - it tasted like Lloyds bucket-o-BBQ-junk from the grocery store.  We cut our loses and didn't order dessert.  The sandwiches were a litte expensive but the main courses were pretty expensive for a place like that - there wasn't anything less than $16.  It wasn't horrible but I would not go back again - sorry.
The service was excellent, as our server was polite and checked on us very often. The crowd is an older crowd but that's okay, my friends and I still had a good time and the food was fabulous. I had the blackened chicken quesadilla as an appetizer and it was great. The portions are big as well. Because the restaurant was crowded that night the wait for a table was a bit long, but upon being seated we were pleased with our experience :)
I just moved into the area, and everyone said to try this place.  I so wanted to love this place since it was walkable distance from my place.  I was disappointed; was there for happy hour but drink specials not served in dining area, beer pricy and warm, most of the menu was pricey, interesting deor but not enough for me to go back.  I might try happy hour, but unforunately just not impressed.
Good collards...decent blackened..if you are from the South looking for authentic soul food, this is more of an east coast version of what you know and love..not the same....I should follow my normal rule, if a place claims to do southern or Cajun cuisine, if they are not from the south or new Orleans don't eat there....it holds true in NY...cornbread was dry...red beans and rice were ok...gumbo was red which means they use tomato in the base...which is soup..not gumbo...to others, good luck trying to find Cajun in NY
I'll preface this review by saying I live down in N.O for several years, so I'm a harsh critic when it comes to creole food.  For the most part up north restaurants mistake creole with plain spicy which is not necessarily the case.  The crawfish pies were more crust than filling, but were decent.  Jambalaya was pretty tasty as well though their Anduille sausage(if it was) was not what I'm used to.  Was not a very big fan of their gumbo which I found to thick, and the smokiness overwhelmed any other flavors.  I had a 1/2 shrimp, 1/2 fried oyster poboy which was excellent.  The bread was not traditional poboy bread, but the sandwich itself along with the sweet potato chips were very tasty.  Also sampled the stuffed shrimp which was very good.  They have a good cocktail menu and good music most nights.  If your craving N'awlins cooking(which I do often)  The bayou is a good and very entertaining option!
Damm good eats, good music and great staff.  Try the mudbugs, jalepeno poppers and any entree you like.  Peter and Belle will treat you right so stay for the show and have a cold drink to go with the best of The Bayou.
