I'm not happy my 8 year old mentee beat me at every game (still recovering from the video motorcross loss), but we found this place very enjoyable. I got beat at the games, but I was amazing at glow in the dark putt-putt golf...I destroyed that little kid. He will not want more any time soon, go back into retirement Tiger Mentee (4 hole in one's, and I talked smack the entire time). I was "on". Yah take a sip of that icee, you need it. The min-golf is glow in the dark. It's badass to dominate a couple of kids while also having your teeth glow in the dark as you smile from sinking 10 foot putts through windmills. 5 stars indeed New Roc. Very pleased at the amount of games and activities. Que bueno! wow. There had to be hundreds of games, many types, and even places for the kiddies/toddlers to play. However my mentee did remind me he could use a playground for free at other establishments, "Justin, bro, this shit is free at McDonalds. All you gotta do is order a cheeseburger and get on the slide." Touche. This place has go karts AND bumper cars. That's like a Chuck Norris combo. Bring it on. I dominated the go kart session. This one girl tried to pass my mentee and I, so I swiped the front of her car, sent that girl spinning, me and my mentee fist-pumped to the 1st place finish line - ain't no girl beating me bruh...especially a 14 year old. Go play with some Barbies, go karts is not for you Dora the Explorer. If people didn't like this place, they are lame, and probably SHOWED UP with a bad attitude. Ever notice how some people SHOW UP to complain? Show up  with the right attitude my friends. ** Also, was gonna give 4 stars, but I gave 5 BECAUSE the management chimed in on the bad reviews and tried to rectify customers dissatisfaction. I like that and want to give 5 stars because...it's good to be nice.
How could you not like this place? Bowling, table tennis, pool, tons of arcade games and lazer tag? Hold up.. mini golf as well?  I could understand why some people would not like this place... it's westchester after all... Parking is not free but it is cheap and you can use a credit card.  If you get tired here you can easily go downstairs and eat at the applebees, buffalo wild wings or texas road house.  The movie theater is massive and they have IMAX 3D there as well. If you want to break away, the metronorth is a block and a half away and also extremely close to dozens of great bars.
Well, I enjoy going to the arcade and This place is pretty cool. They have a section for kiddie rides and games, they have shooters, racing games, pinball machines, fighting games, and to me, the best part, the dance games. while not all of them are fully functional (sometimes a pad on one of the mats are unresponsive) the ITG arcade machine is pretty decent and allows you to add your own music. who ever if fixing it up is doing a fantasitc job. The food there is expensive and subpar at best, but you dont go to an arcade for food! There are lots of different games to play and I have fun everytime I go. I wish they had a Drummania machine though.
Worst place for children's party.  Staff EXTREMELY unorganized.  The party ha no host.  They say there is one but they really work has waitress.  Had our party move three times before we found our table.  Only to have it not ready.  Waisted 15 minutes of the party's bowling time.  Will never recommend the party package here.  New roc city is a great plan to enjoy as a family not a party.
NOW HEAR THIS Yelp enthusiasts, I don't know what crawled up a lot of these commentors bums, but my lady and I had our son's 10th birthday party here and everyone was absolutely wonderful. First of all, in regards to management, when we arrived we found our reservation had not yet been responded to online and no room was prepared. We expected to be ignored and disappointed based on the reviews we read on Yelp and boy were we WRONG!! Each manager not only addressed us professionally, but directed us to THEIR manager who apologized yet again for any inconvenience and eventually placed us in the hands of Andrea. WHO WAS AMAZING!!! There's star number 1. Secondly, ANDREA ALEXANDER the events lady worked with us step by step to make sure everyone was well taken care of and all of the children were amused with hourly cards and cake and dance. This was especially a big deal since the majority of our party trickled in a bit at a time rather than arriving at the designated start time. That's star 2. Also, the people in charge of entertaining birthdays sang and danced and celebrated harder than the children did. I mean they really made a big deal over ALL the birthday children, not just ours. With all different types of music. To show that much enthusiasm over someone else's kid when the invited guests don't is a pretty big deal. They definitely earned star 3. The place is humungous with multiple levels of action. We only encountered five games that flat out didn't work, to which we were immediately reimbursed our credits. The hourly cards are not only a great deal financially, but you can get on some of the rides and play all the games. There is a huge variety of games to play and enjoy including billiards, bowling and go-karts for adults. Even the concessions people were more pleasant than expected. HUTCH, the concessions manager on duty, handled our transactions when their credit card system took an unexpected turn. We weren't even on line waiting for more than five minutes. All that earns another star right there. Number 4. Here's the kicker. When our time to laser tag had arrived, JUNIE the laser tag guy, patiently instructed and directed us to everything we could and could not do. This was the first time I've been in a laser tag activity where there was only one operator, so considering it was 32 against 1, he did a great job. My Mother's laser tag vest was not operating and he fixed that. Someone in the group wasn't properly registered and he fixed that, and he may have had to remind the players repeatedly NOT TO RUN, but he could have easily shut off our session due to unruliness, but he let us finish our session and even rooted on each team. There's Star number 5. In conclusion, you Yelper's have to remember these people deal with screaming children, ungrateful adults and, as politically correct as possible, a less than Urban crowd everyday of every year. No one says thank you or good job to them, but they rather "Gimme gimme gimme" and point out all the bad things. Put yourself in their shoes for two seconds and do the math. This was the best party my son has had and he had soooo much fun he didn't sleep for hours due to excitement. We cannot thank the people at FunFuzion enough and his party couldn't have been a success without you all. Well done, be patient and keep up the good work. 5 freakin Stars!
I absolutely love this place!! My nieces and nephews bag me to bring them every time I have them for the weekend,  they can't get enough of the fun.. Party Central is really a PARTY! The party host are Amazing, with everything they do. Looking for some FUN? This definitely the place!
My boyfriend took me here so we could play arcade games and have fun. my first impression of this places was really nice. They have go karts, bowling, food, arcade games, etc. The arcade games were kinda old, and there wasn't much of a variety of games, it was multiples of the same games( which made it look like there was a lot to choose from). The food?.. i didn't try, the eating area was dirty and the bathrooms.......FILTHY. Other than that, its a cute place and i did have fun here.
This place is GHETTO!!!! Dont waste your money going to this place! 90% of the workers dont care about their job or customer service. They are young, ghetto incompetent amd unprofessional. This place was once nice and is now horrible. When you ask for help or assistance its as if you are bothering them because they had to stop texting or talking about sneakers to their co-workers. I would rate this place a ZERO if I could. The arcade games and broken and out of date, the games to win stuffed animals are rigged, the bowling staff makes you wait and the shoes are old and look like they have mold and fungus.  The bowling racks are always breaking and management in the arcade and bowling area dont give a crap. If you are ghetto and on a budget, and dont care about your money, then go here. Otherwise, if you care about having a good time on a date, going out with your family & friends, and being treated well, then spend some extra cash going somewhere else. They should just fire everyone here, knock this place down and build it back up again with a smarter and customer centric staff.  Customer service and everything sucks here!!!
Waited for an hour and Samuel said my name was not on the list... He put me on there... Very rude and inconsiderate, I wouldn't recommend this place to any one. I wish I could give them a 0 instead of an one. Smh
Just wanted to post an update to the previous review I posted awhile back. We went back in January 2014 to check out mini-golf. We went on a Saturday. Parents let their children run all over the place. Some were chasing each other from hole to hole like it was a playground, They would run right in front of us while we were playing. Several times, they would run right up to the hole with their friends, put their ball down, and take turns trying to get it in the hole right in the middle of our second or third stroke. We just stood there waiting. It wasn't just one parent, it seemed that every parent that was there had this attitude that they were just going to stand around and text while their kids did whatever they wanted. Just a total lack of courtesy toward others. Sometimes it was a little confusing finding where to start the next hole. All the holes are numbered on the floor and lit, but they match the color of the black lights in the room so they don't stand out. Changing the color of the light for the holes would solve that problem. I think children will enjoy playing here, but if you're not a child, I recommend you find another miniature golf course to visit.
Roc city chick, roc roc city chick. (Had to.) For those of you who've never been to this super-sized young adult entertainment complex, consider yourself blessed.  Not because the experience is awful, but because the complex itself is so full of tangible energy, that it is literally exhausting to be a bystander. My BFF, godson and I drove here from Brooklyn (45 min with a bit of traffic) to attend a birthday party for one of his classmates.  If I'm being honest, I'm looking at the parents a little sideways for this choice of venue.  The kids go to school in Brooklyn, so you (fact) and the majority of other parents (presumption) likely reside in BK as well.  Couldn't you find a nice little bowling alley around here...?   Anyway, Funfuzion is huge.  No seriously, it's colossal for a children's complex.  It boasts three floors of pure, unadulterated young adult entertainment including a bowling alley, miniature golf course, indoor racetrack, and an arcade.  I'm exhausted just typing that.  It's young adult nirvana, with seizure-inspiring ambiance (if you can even call it ambiance).  My godson was in heaven;  after an hour, I had to go to the car to take a power nap (I don't know how you parents do it!). So here's how I'd rate the establishment.  The idea is pretty cool - there is lots to do for a variety of age groups.  The food looked terrible (I wouldn't even consume the pizza provided for the party).  The noise level was obscene. The bathrooms, well the one that actually worked, was putrid.  And the staff, who had genuine intentions of being helpful, appeared relatively uninformed. But all that being said, this is not The Ritz (some moderate expectation management is important here) and I am not 12 years old (so clearly I'm not the target demographic).  My godson thought the party was awesome and if I was between the ages of 9-16 (back when I didn't have noise sensitivity, an aversion to germs, or the slightest idea of what good food should taste like) I probably would have loved this place as well. And as a parent, if I lived in the neighborhood, I might suck it up a couple of times a year just to spend a little QT kicking it with the kids - for as they say, the family that plays together...stays together.
Cool place, never been bowling, just the go-karts, arcade games, laser tag, and watched a movie. Been here only twice and it's never been too crowded for me.  I may go back in the future. Overall good experience. Prices aren't too crazy. If you never been here before, it's worth a try.
This review is for the bowling center...which I've been to three times now.  It turns out third time is not the charm.  This. place. sucks. Where do I start?  How about the price $7.50/game on a Tuesday night...Are you kidding me? Finish reading this review and understand why this is robbery.  Also, quoted from their website: "Management reserves the right to change hours, pricing, promotions and policies at any time without notice."  Well of course they do, they manage the place.  But maybe they should lower the price a little, I'm sure there is a reason that we called 5 bowling centers in the area, all were full, and this was the only place with availability.   Next, the lanes.  Approach was disgustingly dirty.  The lanes were oiled so poorly that anyone rolling the slightest bit of hook is going to find their ball uncontrollable.  Pinsetter consistently failed, scoreboard was consistently inaccurate, halfway through our first game the lane completely stopped working and we had to move to another.   How about the atmosphere in here?  Overbearingly loud.  Absolutely no ventilation, which causes the place to be smokey due to the smoke coming off their deep fat friers, which shouldn't be smoking in the first place!  Change your oil! I'm going to pretend that the one star I have to give this place is for the bartender.  She was actually really nice and was probably the only employee in the place paying attention to their job.   Also, this review is from my most recent visit, however the previous two were just as bad.  I can't believe I've wasted time and money here 3 times.
This is the complex inside New Roc City with all the entertainment- Rack n' Cue (pool), Roc n' Bowl (bowling), Fun house (arcade), Mini Golf and the Speedway (Go kart). I bought a discount booklet to this complex since my bf mentioned it before and wanted to go. Overall had a fun experience with some mishaps. The first being that we waited OVER ONE HOUR and a half for a bowling lane. This is unacceptable in any bowling alley. Had I not bought the deal, I would not have wasted my time. They let the school groups go first and gave us a beeper that never went off. To make it worse, the booklet included one game for one person only. Who bowls ALONE? That did not make sense. Why have a free game for one person and then have a separate buy one get one free. It's the same thing!!! Management needs to put more thought into their promotions because they are just confusing and do not make sense for the customer or their customer service reps. We took the beeper, went on the carousel, played mini golf and they had still not called us! Ridiculous! The Fun House was a giant arcade with kiddie rides, ticket games for prizes and regular arcade games. The booklet included a free carousel ride and then I used my own money for credits. But the guy failed to tell us that the horses were only for the children and we had to sit in the benches only. I would have only used the free ticket if i had known and not wasted my credits on that. I enjoyed the laser tag game but you do have a wait a while to get in. So get your ticket and then play some games while waiting. Rack n' Cue was fun but expensive as they charge per person per game which was $16 per hour. We had a free hour included in our deal and played about 4-5 games in one hours so not bad. The mini golf was fun and was a glow in the dark experience indoors. The only annoying thing was that so many people were there you had to wait and wait before you would play the next hole and you could not do it out of order as we soon found out. The speedway was fun but people like to bump you when this is NOT bumper cars people! Overall I had a fun but LOOong day as we had to wait for several games.It's nice that they have everything in one place. But they should manage it better. Lots of kids so mostly for kids minus the pool.
This place is a blast. Glow in the dark mini golf, go karts and bowling. Went on a Sunday night and it was pretty quiet but still had a great time. The staff was very helpful when my kart broke down. They stopped the race and gave me a new kart right away. I really want to go back for mini golf!
Came here for a friend's Birthday the other day and I actually had a pretty fun time, but I can't tell if it simply because of the friends I was with. Funfuzion has all your typical games (shooting games, racing games, air hockey, basketball, trivia, skee ball, etc.), but more than a few machines seemed to be out of service. In addition to these games though, this place also has lazer tag, bowling, go karts, and mini golf, which is pretty cool. I had a really good time bowling, and lazer tag was pretty fun, too. Didn't have enough tickets leftover for mini golf or go karting, but we were definitely open to those two activities. The staff was... less than pleasant. One of our first encounters was with the lazer tag girl... she was less than thrilled to assist us. Sorry I'm not sorry that you work here... so just give me instructions (which she sped through) and fake a smile until I don't see you anymore. Also, one of the girls at the prize station looked like she hated the world. The only thing that made her crack a smile was the fact that we were playing with one of our prizes in front of her... slime cow. I highly recommend this prize if you have enough points at the end of the day. It's actually really disgusting, but great. Speaking of prizes, I was kinda upset they didn't have any candy because that's usually the prize you get if you didn't end up getting a lot of points. Let's just say I ended up with a crazy straw and a parachute man. One thing I really liked was that you could use your credits toward food. I obviously used credits for a pretzel, which was somewhat stale. I mean, I'm not complaining because I wasn't expecting anything gourmet. The pizza and nachos looked pretty good... in an arcade kinda way. Broken games and annoyed, zombie-like staff members aside, I'd give this place a shot if you're looking to play some games. If you have kids, it seems like it could be a good place for parties. If you don't have kids though, I had a decent time as a 23-year-old. Lastly, you know how you win tickets for some of the games in places like this? Well, at Funfuzion, it keeps track of your "tickets" right on your card (the one you buy to put all your gaming credits on), which I really liked because 1. You don't have to carry your tickets around, and 2. Go green!
Horrible place.  Very filthy. Floor staff not helpful at all. Only 1 employee was helpful. She was at the front desk. Bathrooms are atrocious. If you go bring a lot of hand sanitizer. Games don't credit you the correct amount of tickets. Does not deserve 1 star.
I came here for our friends kids unofficial birthday party.  It looks like they put a lot of money into the building that funfuzion is housed in.  Like the others said, there's bowling, mini golf, a go-kart track and a huge arcade area with laser tag. Just a warning...the arcade area is extremely loud. If you live in the area it's probably a nice place to visit. Coming from either NYC or New Jersey I'd say go to Dave and Buster's (D&B 's arcade area is much smaller but not as loud plus they serve adult beverages) in Nyack or just go into NYC. I-95 north is usually a traffic mess and the area around New Roc was so-so.
While the staff was nice, the 1st and 2nd lanes we were given were broken.  I wild have rather not wasted a half hour bouncing between lanes.
This complex is huge. Levels and levels of fun. I think this place is perfectly acceptable. I've had good experiences with the young staff - as long as you're polite they are perfectly polite right back. Lots of game choices. Second time I came out from Queens to this place (mainly because I tend to not mind traveling a little for no good reason). :)  One thing that does put me off that of course the establishment can't control is the level of hoochie mama-ness at this place. I mean these girls and grown women come in this mainly child establishment dressed as if they are in a club. It's just annoying more than anything else but amusing in a bad way at the same time. Aside from this random fact the establishment itself  is good.
Went to midnight bowling and it was horrible. It was supposed to be glow in the dark, but the place is soooo old, nuthin glows. It just looks run down and the scoreboards are not even touch screen. Out of that whole funfuzion place, i know New Roc has the money to upgrade  this place. Not alot of lanes, and half of them were f*cked up....meaning they didn't work. We had to keep calling a worker over to fix our pins and also had to change lanes once. I wanted to like this place, but damn this place fucked up my date night.
We just moved to Greenwich, CT from out of state and found the "Kids Bowl Free" site which listed this bowling alley as one of their participants. The area was clean and completely empty when we arrived at 2:30 on a Monday afternoon. I had high hopes until I had to interact with an employee. Every employee there acts as though they're doing me a favor by being there. The girl who gave us our bowling shoes was so incredibly rude. She was talking to a guy who looked like her boyfriend by the way they were speaking to each other, and completely ignored us when I tried speaking to her. Then she kept mumbling things to me that I didn't understand and when I asked her what she said she was completely dismissive. When I had trouble with the bowling machine she looked at me like I was an idiot. Then, I tried to get some food for my 7-year-old. There were two women at the area where the customers are supposed to place their order. They were continually speaking to each other even though I was one foot away waiting to order. Then, miraculously, one of the women stopped talking to the other and said to me, "What can I do for you?" and before I could open my mouth she walked away! I gave up. This place could be a really fun option for us during the summer months or on weekends, but solely because of the employees, I will NEVER go there again. And the only thing I could think while I was there was who in the world would hire these people? These were their only options? Wow.
A few of us took a Friday (3/22/13) off from work to relax and have some fun and we ended up at Funfuzion.  How did we end up here?  Well, I wanted to go gokarting and was trying to decide btwn this place and a gokarting place in Jersey City.  I decided on Funfuzion b/c it had bowling, miniature golf, laser tag and an arcade in addition to gokarting.  Now, where do I begin? BOWLING We ended up bowling first to get the discount in since we got there at 3pm.   Positive:  decent and nice workers Negative:  We were assigned to lane 13, but then that broke down.  We ended up on lane 14, but OH WAIT ... that broke down too and ended up on lane 12.  Guess what, lane 12 broke and we ended up on lane 11.  For the course of 2 games, we had to move FOUR TIMES! GO KARTING Positive:  fun and it went a lot faster than how it looks as a bystander Negative:  just goes in circles LASER TAG Positive:  it was fun especially b/c it was just the 3 of us and  i got quite the work out from all the running Negative:  My friend's laser tag pack was broken, so we informed the lady once we were done.  She was an extremely unhappy young lady and it looked like we bothered her by letting her know that one of our packs was broken.  She said that all we had to do was go to the front to get our refund.  Now, we HAD to buy Funfuzion credits in order to play this game, but we didn't have to for bowling or gokarting.  The lady who ended up assisting us was this older, white haired lady with a ring per finger and a BAD ATTITUDE!  We said that we're never coming back here and that we only purchased the Funfuzion credits solely to play laser tag, therefore we just want cash back (not credits!).  The way she spoke to us was unreal!  Anyhow, some teenager was nice enough to give us $30 in exchange for $30 work of Funfuzion credits.   Needless to say, we will never be going back here again.  Funfuzion needs to fix their equipment and hire happier employees (seriously!).
This area has grown to be worse and worse over the years. Let's start with the arcade room. My visit on Friday was with my husband and my two kids, Bryce and Beatrice. They are both twins at 7 years old. As we walked into the arcade room, it was very loud and you could hear screaming and yelling from quite a distance. But, it's a fun exciting place to take a break and be hyper. What do you expect? When we were inside, we saw many games with out of order signs on them. They looked really old, dirty, and some parts of games were rusting or even falling apart. I wondered how often do they clean this place, it was horrific! There are dancing games like Dance Dance Revolution, stomping games like the spider one (forgot what it was called), and board games come to life like Connect 4. There is also Pacman, where you can compete with someone else (up to 4 players). There are also some foods you can purchase like pizza, popcorn, and refreshing drinks like water and soda. The foods are expensive, so I recommended you pack foods at home to eat at New ROC City or eat at home before going. There are only a few bowling alleys, so you have to wait in line for a really long time. The kids enjoyed it, and that's what mattered. I'm not sure if we are coming again, because there are many other entertaining places to go like Chuckie Cheese's or SporttimeUSA (they are both expensive for a reason!).
This is seriously one of the biggest arcade (one whole floor), games (sports games such as miniature gulf, ping pong, pool) in New York. I've been searching for good arcades in New York for a while, and none are this big. Yes maybe Dave and Buster have some decent games but not enough. This is a real arcade! not just some mini games in a bar.
The worst of the worst. The whole place is filthy, most of the machines were broken, staff could care less about anything to do with you and it's expensive. It was really really bad.
Staff suck!  Place is disgusting.
I went there with my 2 co-workers after finish our job..i would like to enjoy bowling but there are couple of things were wrong! First of all we got there like 10.50pm.we got 1 game and started to bowl..we were middle of the game that stuff turned on the all lights and carusel became all white!i was surprised i asked them why you turned on the lights?because we are playing and all blue lights and nice atmostphere went off!!she was like we are doing facility working!i was like but we are middle of the game!then we continued 4 more shuts each.at that time they shut off the music too!i was getting crazy.come oonn after we finished you can do anything you want but we paid for that and still continue to bowl first turning on the all lights after shut off the music and like get off the place asap! Bye the way time was 11.20pm.regular closing time was 12am!when we leave the place i said her you shoudnt do that..she was like repeating everthing again like machine we are doing facility work etc etc.and i said you should have been waited until we finish our game!you cannot turn on all the lights when we are middle of the game!and she continued if the business is slow we can close early.. what a stupid way it is you are taking money without any information and trying to close when we are playing!!!and i continued that i m gonna complain this ridiculous thing to management because you did not inform us before start and you turn on the lights shut off the music when we play!she was like i dont care you can complain anywhere you want!my name is josefina last name is etc etc.that behaviour made me crazy!!!such a uneducated stuff and very very rude way to the customers!!! I NEVER EVER GO THIS PLACE AGAIN!!!
