The burgers are amazing and they made sure to keep my Jameson flowing. :)
Seriously, you can't go wrong with a burger & fries here.  I ordered  the Eastchester: cheese, bacon, onion rings & chili, cooked to perfection.  MMmmMmm!  I ordered online (took about 15 minutes) but I practically inhaled it when I got home!!  The staff is nice, cheap drinks, karaoke on Sundays, hilarious, perfect pub for Inwood
The sign outside says"The Best Burger in Town" or somesuch and there is no denying that in the gastro-desert that is Inwood this joint deserves its success.No they're not the best but they can be pretty darn good if you're in the mood and I've had a beautifully cooked steak there too. The draft beers are well kept especially the Guinness. The downside has for me always been a certain hostility from behind the bar. If you haven't been drinking in there for ten years they regard you as a nuisance and an interloper. Very clique-ish. I find the restaurant side of the bar preferable though those wide screen tvs are really a bore.
Two words: tasty burgers.  'Nuff said.  Oh...I forgot:  three more words.  Sweet potato fries.
The "Eastchester" burger with onion rings, bacon, cheese, and chili is a heart stopper, but oh, oh, oh so good. One of those, with a Guinness or two while watching the game is a fine way to pass the time.
Its such an inviting environment. Everyone here is friendly (except the cook) but officially one of the best burgers in town, hands down. I love the fact that its family friendly.....my son loves coming here on kareoke sundays....he has the best time. Its just one of those places you don't get tired of eating at. Enjoy!!!!!!!!!
I go to Piper's Kilt with my favorite group of friends about once a month for revelry, great pitchers of beer and the most amazing burgers anywhere. I was recently travelling for four months and couldn't eat burgers because they just wouldn't measure up. We're talking juice running down your hands, messy goodness. You may wait a few minutes on a busy Saturday night but only a few and by the time you sit down you're having a nice, rowdy time.
If you're looking for a beer and good bar food, this is the place to be.   The burger, chicken fingers, onion rings are definitely above average, (I'm usually very disappointed at most pubs I try). Servers are on point, they know their menu and their beers.  Nice crowd, a good casual hangout to hide out for an evening.
I had a huge brunch on New Years Day. Champagne, booze and football. Love it!
This is definitely among the best bar/food joints to hang out in the neighborhood. The burgers are one of the best in the city, although Paul's on 2nd & St. Marks wins hands down. The onion rings are incredible, and a pretty good Guinness to boot. They do take-out but charge like $1 for the take-out container! The decor is cool, decked out on every holiday, and in general it's a fun place (live music, karaoke, sports on the screen). I've never had a problem with the service, and I've only ever had their burgers, fries and onion rings to eat.
A nice little pub/restaurant. It's quiet, not too bright, and the food is good. However, if you're looking to get another glass of soda or your check, you'll be tapping your fingers - the wait staff isn't particually attentive.
I brought my husband here because I knew it was his kind of place. It was dark. A neighborhood bar. And it had traditional burgers and fries.
I vote ++ on the burgers.  I'm  a little bit "meh" on chili, though. More ++ for the bread pudding. and more "meh" for the apple crisp. Really, there are more ++ items on the menu than "meh" ones.  The specials are usually great and Piper's is a nice brunch standby when you've decided to leave yourself in the Almost-the-Bronx Inwood, instead of dear old Brooklyn. Though, if you were in dear old Brooklyn, this wouldn't be your neighborhood pub and you wouldn't have the opportunity to run into your partner's friends and neighbors who were also stepping out for some of Piper's cooking.
the cheddar cheeseburger here is still the best cheeseburger on the planet. I grew up eating at the eastchester branch and this one is almost as good if not as good.
Still THE place to get a great burger in the area. Burgers are juicy and delicious. The Guinness is also fresh and properly poured here. Rest of the menu is just your average bar food - not bad at all, just nothing to write home about.
They really do have the best burgers in town! Cool spot, like the environment for it being in the middle of a very latino community and still holding its very Irish feel to it. I actually loved that about this place. Great food, good service.
Such fun, laid back atmosphere. Try their irish nachos! Or ANY burger on the menu! OR BOTH!
This place makes me happy. The burgers and french onion soup are solid. The drinks are priced well. This is an inwood gem.
fiancee and i just stopped in for a hot chocolate and a beer. I was cold and she was warm... We only stayed for about 10 minutes. Our waiter was very friendly and attentive even after we told him we wouldn't be ordering any food. We had suitcases with us and he let us put them out of the way so we didn't have to leave at table. We left him a nice tip on $8 bill.
First time I came here I had the eastchester burger, and that comes with a side of chili. The meal as a whole is superb and the wings are simply the best wings in the bronx area!!! Great bar to come and catch a yankee game or giants game...pretty much any game. this bar is full of flat screens and have a digital juke box which is a plus.
The onion rings were spectacular. I have been dreaming about those for a while, and the batter was just right. I am not a big fan of onion rings where the inside still tasted raw (even a hint of the rawness are deemed as unacceptable in my book), and those goodies were perfectly cooked. The onions almost tasted as if they have been caramelized. Along with the incredible sauce, I'm sold. The burger was juicy as well. I ordered the manhattan burger, which came with grilled onions, tomatoes, lettuce, and get this, Canadian bacon. Dip this massive amount of goodness into the onion rings' sauce, or just plain ketchup, and you have got yourself a hearty meal. We went on a Sunday night, and the karaoke event was pretty entertaining. My friend and I seemed to be the youngest people among the crowd, and we heard songs that dated all the way to the 70's. We were left stuffed and barely able to maneuver around, yet it was well worth it.
Besides mine, best burgers hands down hahaha
One of my favorite burger places in New York. The burgers are out of this word. The fried chicken basket and buffalo chicken fingers are also good. I live in Inwood, but even if I didn't, I would come here for the burgers. They also have a bar section, which  has the feel of a neighborhood pub.  It reminds me of the type of nice, simple food and service I used to be able to get when i live in the midwest - not fratty or rude.  This is some place I take friends and family visiting from out of town
I wrote a review shortly after going to Piper's Kilt for the first time.  I'd like to update saying I like it even better.  Especially now that we've gotten to know the staff better...  and they've gotten to know us!  Very nice people there and very good food.  I frequently get a burger.  Very tasty and they cook it like you ask for it.  I know it often pains the cook to hear well done for burgers but I like it that way and they always cook it how I like it!  We've also discovered that their pasta specials are quite good!
I found myself in the Inwood section attending a wake this past Monday afternoon and so i turned to Yelp for a little helping finding a place for lunch.I could not have been happier with the results. As advertised their Burger is as good as any Burger i have ever had...a nice portion, delicious and cooked to perfection. I sat at the bar and the bartender was polite and attentive without being overbearing. The guinness was served just right. The atmospher was that of a neighborhood joint, but very inviting too....i felt comfortable immediately...tv's were fixed to news and sport but muted and there was house selction of appropriate midday music  playing at the low enough volumne do you could carry on a conversation. I was very Happy with the Pipers Kilt and when I am back in Inwood  this is where I will go .
One of three pub/restaurants in Upper Manhattan/The Bronx (Riverdale/Kingsbridge and Eastchester are the other two), Piper's Kilt offers an interesting menu to go along with full bar service.  Selections range from a menagerie af hamburgers (mine is the Broadway Bacon Bleu Cheese Burger) to entree sized Caesar Salad and Chicken Parmigiana.  Don't forget the nightly specials.  PK's has weekly trivia nights and live music throughout the week.  Nightly viewings of Jeopardy! are a PK tradition.  Highly recommended.
One of New York's best burgers can be found right across the street from a great big church. I don't think that's a coincidence. Said beef bomb is enshrined at the Piper's Kilt. I've lived in Inwood and have been coming to the Kilt for more than three years, and I only get the burgers. Even for brunch. Once I got a chicken sandwich, and after I finished it I got the distinct sensation of the morning after a regrettable drunken one night stand. "That was pretty good, but what was I THINKING?" The place is pretty heralded for its burgers, so there are a whole whole WHOLE lot of them coming out of the kitchen during lunch and dinner rush. Like I said, been going there regularly for three years, ordering burgers 99% of the time, and hear this, friends: I have more fingers on one hand than I have had experiences being served an over/undercooked burger. What a testament that is to the management and kitchen's terrifically consistent organization! Beside the burgers, they have a full menu. I'm sure it's great. Anyway, come for the burgers, stay for the: * Brunch! Sunday afternoons from noon to three = brunch staples and burgers plus all you can drink(!) Champagne, mimosas, bloody marys, and screwdrivers. Arrive before one and get your table before the Catholics show up! A great prelude to naptime! * Trivia! Oh, wayward family looking for a table anytime after eight on Tuesday night. Little do you know that all the tables have been claimed by the trivia regulars - squatters, all of them! - since 6:15, and they won't be opening back up till 10ish. What? Who is that funny-sounding bald man with the wacky hat and the microphone, you're wondering, and why is he calling attention to you? (Answer: It's Steven Phillips, host of "Great Cocktails" on the Fine Living Network, and you are in his house.) * Karaoke! Sunday night is a dumb night to host karaoke, what with its proximity to A. Monday, and B. alcohol-soaked Friday and Saturday, but it gets pretty darn raucous nonetheless. The Sunday night before a Monday federal holiday day off? Oh, baby. Make no mistake, kids, when the time comes to leave Inwood in the rearview mirror, the Kilt's the part of my nabe that I'll miss the most. FUN FACT: Those crazy old electric chandeliers? They pretty much used to reside in the Waldorf. Yeah, THAT Waldorf.
This is the place where UME meets. Come here on Tuesday for Trivia Night and Sunday for Karaoke. Oh yeah, and they make a MEAN burger.
The Piper's Kilt is a decent pubish atmosphere. Wood-lined and with a ambiance conducive to conversation. That is when they do not have a karaoke night or some other event, which seems to be every Sunday. The drinks are reasonably priced. While not an extensive selection it is certainly has all the standard fare with a few others on top.  The food is your standard pub-fare. The hamburgers looked quite good, although my friend declared his "tasteless". They also serve S&S Cheesecake for those who like that. It seems a decent place to get a beer and talk with friends.
I just moved to New York and our roommate suggested Piper's Kilt down the street... freaking amazing burgers! I have been to many places and have had many burgers and this is the best so far~ I am totally going back again... and again.
Best burgers ever!!! The beer battered onion rings are also fantastic!! They've recently expanded their menu to include some wraps, etc. (I had the Ceasar Chicken wrap which was quite good).  I've eaten some of the other things on the menu as well, but the burgers are really what to come here for.
Great food, beer, and atmosphere! This is a great place to come with a friend, or alone, and strike up a conversation with the stranger next to you. The inside is great with a bar top, a counter to sit at, and booths for those who just want to dine or take advantage of the all you can eat and drink brunch on Sundays. A cool fact is that the old chandeliers you see were actually used at The Waldorf-Astoria hotel!
Burgers are as good as you will find anywhere! Daily specials also excellent. Other than that, the menu is average. Guinness should be ordered to compliment the burger!
Great food, great drinks, great desserts prices are decent a meal for 4 people and 2 drinks 120.00. Only negative we changed waiter/waitress about 3 times
We have lived in Inwood for over ten years and Piper's Kilt is the first restaurant we ever went to, great burgers, pleasant. We just went in for beers and burgers and had a bad experience with waitstaff and bartender who seemed to have a really rotten attitude. Burgers still good, but impolite staff, not so great.
Have been here twice in the past couple of weeks. The first time met up with some friends for some drinks, and spent half the night drooling over the great looking, even better smelling food as it passed us on its way to being gorged down by some happy patron. We decided to go try the food on our second visit and things started off really well. We were seated promptly by our friendly server, she had a good knowledge of the menu and different dishes, and was happy to offer suggestions when asked. We ordered burgers and were not disappointed. I'm a lover of fat juicy burgers and this one hit the spot. It was a bit on the bland side for my taste, but hey, less salt never killed anyone right? I'm glad in the end i didn't order dessert, as our friend ordered a pumpkin bread pudding, and the portion would have been enough to feed us, and the table next to us! Not a five star, because I don't give those out easy.
Man...Pipers used to be my favorite spot in the neighborhood but the food has gone down! Pipers used to have amazing specials...not anymore. Really?!! Chicken quesadilla as app special every night for two years? The burgers are smaller and the sweet potato fries are no more. They are now waffle fries which were raw on the inside, and lacked the awesomeness and flavor the old sweet potato fries used to have. those were amazing! Also...the specials have been really nasty lately. I've ordered them, yet always end up throwing it away. Remember a few years back when they offered 4/5 good specials per night? Now it's two if lucky and they really aren't any good. Staffing has always been hit or miss, but last night---wow. Not good! The place was empty yet the server continued to get everything wrong. Then when I asked him to fix it, he stated it was my mistake not his! Really?!? You had a great thing going, why change? People in the hood' have been talking, and it's not good. Please...for your own good and the good of all of us loyal fans...change back and revamp! Maybe it's time to let the same old chef go, as it seems and looks like he's lost any of his passion. Thank of for Katie and the usual bar staff. They at least are consistently good.
Had dinner - burger, my wife had a chicken wrap. Both were excellent. Beer batter onion rings good but the sauce is what makes the dish special. I've asked but they will not tell me the ingredients. That sauce should be bottled. Service was sort of uneven . One tip for the cook. The hamburger is great but the bun is too mushy for the meat patty. A minor complaint since  I've been to the place at least 50 times in 7 years. If you are in Inwood check it out.
Let me start by saying I've come here for years ! I love this place. I moved away and hadn't been back in 2 years but just recently came back . Today I went in to grab a quick Togo . Writing a paper at home & starving & all I could think about was the juicy goodness that is a burger from Pipers Kilt I walk in and there are two people behind the bar. A taller fair skin , black hair gentleman who I've been served by before & a shorter women with blonde bob cut. Both acknowledge me, neither come to my aid. So I walk farther into the bar and sit down. They have a quick exchange in the corner and she comes over to me. I say hello with a broad smile knowing I'm only minutes away from biting into juicy cheesy meaty goodness, she blandly asks me what can she help me with. I tell her I wanted to order to go and begin to start to tell her about how I've been craving this and quickly she cuts me off and asks me do I need a menu. I amuse her and grab the menu . The whole time I had my boss on the phone, listening to the exchange . Even he noted she was quite rude . I ordered and sat and awaited my meal , after getting off the phone with my boss , I sat awkwardly typing on my phone. When the food came , she handed me the receipt and began to walk away and I stopped her so I could pay. She made me change , said nothing. No small talk. No interest whatsoever. I'm a front desk supervisor for the marriott , hospitality is a BIG deal for me. I instill it in all my employees that something as simple as a smile & a "how has your day been" can make a world of difference to a guest/customer. Even after all of that , I left her about a $4 dollar tip. Although very undeserving , I gave her the benefit of a doubt. Maybe she had a bad day ? Or maybe it was because I didn't have my work suit on and donned my tattoos and lazy day bun. Whatever the reason, I was so disappointed in her. Food was incredible though !
Planned to go to the inwood local but by chance I've decided to check out Piper's Kilt because I'm from the bronx and my favorite places is at either midtown or 14th street and I don't plan on going that far tonight. Piper's Kilt had a local cider called badass hard cider. It's a good cider and I think I'm ordering a burger with it. One Bronx Bomber please Yeah I know it's a burger named after the Yankees. I'm a met fan. Figure to try something new. Turns out I am pleased with the food as well as the cider Will return again when I don't feel like heading too far downtown
Deffo not the trendiest bar in the 'wood, But then again it dosnt try to be. Just a good 'ol neihboorhood dive, thats been here since before i can remember. Cheap beer and a solid selection of food, of which includes what they claim to be "the best burger in town"...well that's actually not to far from the truth quite honestly.  Basically,  if you're looking for chill, down to earth place to have a pint or two well, this is definitely the spot for you.
Great neighborhood place to enjoy a burger and a beer. No frills, but the service is great and the food is consistent.
Updating review -- I went back again (after six months!) and thought the quiche and bartender were much better.
If I thought it would keep people from discovering this place from other neighborhoods, and not hurt the reputation of The Kilt, I'd write a bad review here. But I'm a local and I have to be honest, I have a history in this place. There have been times where it's a home away from home, and not just for me either. Don't get me wrong. The food is not mind-blowing, but it's good and priced more than affordably. While it is smaller than I'd like and can get crowded on some nights, it still manages to feel "homey." You can bring your family here, for sure, and though I've only done it a few times, the brunch ain't too bad either. If you want a place that almost feels like Cheers, but for real, you cannot beat The Kilt. Sunday night karaoke is a riot and Tuesday night trivia is a blast. Bring your genuine nature in for a drink and some good fried food and you'll have a solid good time.
They claim to have the "best burger in town"...and while it's a grand statement in NYC, it's quite close to being true. It is a damn good burger. For $9.75, you get the Manhattan Burger (with Canadian bacon, swiss cheese, grilled onions, lettuce and tomato) and a side of pretty great fries. Throw in a $6 pint of beer (which is about $2 less than almost anywhere else in New York) you have a great meal on your hands. The meat is juicy and full of great flavor. It's sure to satisfy your burger craving. They've been doing their thing for 24 years...so don't expect much to change anytime soon. And it doesn't need to. This is one of they best places to go in Inwood.
Great food, try any burger, they're REALLY GOOD. The wraps are also great. Cheap drinks, good service, people are friendly and there's KARAOKE. Love coming to this place when I just want to chill and not spend a lot of money. Not a huge space but enough to not feel suffocated. Definitely a spot you have to visit if you're visiting uptown or live here, whatever.
I had the bacon cheddar burger and it was delicious! Juicy, cooked perfectly medium with cheese dripping out the sides! So good I finished it without putting it down! Pretty sure the negative reviews are just a bunch of prima donnas!
Solid local bar. The bartenders are friendly and chatty. The bar patrons are friendly and chatty. There's food. You can watch the game. Prices are standard for NYC. Neighborhoody. Solid spot to drop in for a pint and some conversation with random strangers. Don't come here to sulk by yourself, unless you're interested in meeting a few people to cheer up.
I grew up in Inwood and still live here. I've never had many friends in the neighborhood, I'm a commuter and my life is always elsewhere. I've seen Inwood undergo many changes in the past 20 years. But what never changes is that when I want to get in touch with the deep beating heart of my home neighborhood, I come to Piper's Kilt. You look around, and everyone you see is an essential part of where you are. The families, the loners, the yuppies, the weirdos... they are all playing a carefully casted role in this scene. You get to know the staff over the years, you see them on the train, you get to wondering when you don't see them anymore. The guy who sold us our apartment drinks here. The Bartender lives down the block from me. On Karaoke nights you will see the soul of northern manhattan bared for you. The Piper's Kilt, to me, is Inwood. Ah but, you didn't want to hear an essay about my life and my neighborhood, did you? Well, it's a kinda divey restaurant/bar that doesn't really know what it wanted to be, so it divided itself neatly down the middle. On one side is the old brass-rail, where I first learned you can hang your coat on hooks by your barstool. If you can get a seat here, you're treated with good service, a great view of whatever games are on, and the conversation topics of the day. On the other is the eating side, where families and friends attack the massive, juicy burgers that will forever be my standard for the plate. Recently, wraps have been added to the menu. Specials, soups, and desserts du jour are on the chalkboard in the back towards the bathrooms. The staff have their off days, but if you've come all the way up here you are either a lost explorer or a regular so it won't matter to you.   Is this where you want to come if you want to satisfy your innner gourmet? Unless you're a burger snob, no. Is it where you want to go get drunk for cheap and embarass youself? Not really. Piper's Kilt is where you go if you want to see what Inwood is all about. If you're spending an afternoon exploring Inwood Park or you're considering moving to the neighborhood, this is where you want to have dinner.
I have worked next door to this pub/restaurant for several years and finally went for an early dinner with workmates.  The atmosphere is nice, although small, the bar is divided from the seated dining area which is nice.  The Burgers are well known here for being excellent. I had the veggie burger with blue cheese, and caramelized onions and it was delicious.   The consensus among my co-workers  was that the meat burgers were great- as expected.  A few quibbles the Soda/Pop  was flat and the pickles are terrible! -so mild they taste like cucumbers.  The molten choc cake is fairly good for the price.  Definitely worth a trip are you are in the area
Fun hang. Good place for drinks w friends... the food was just OK though.
The buffalo wings here are the best I've ever had. Ever.
This is a good classic bar. The atmosphere is great. The bartenders are friendly. Burgers, wings, etc.
Great wings! Great burgers! Great irish nachos! Great service! Money well spent. Consistently good each and every time. Best burgers uptown.
A friend of mine (a piper, in fact) took me here because he lives right by it and wanted to show me his new nabe. Yes, I had three full days in New York, and I spent one night living it up in Inwood. I guess that's how good a friend he is to me. It was quiet for a Tuesday evening, but I would expect a bar not to be too rowdy, with no games or no special events going on. As I was already recovering from my afternoon festivities (see my review for Brooklyn Oenology), I just had a lot of water, No booze at a bar, shame on me! The wings were pretty good, and the burger was a true black and blue (it's rare to find a place that's willing to do this right). I'm pretty sure the fries were previously frozen, but I wasn't really expecting otherwise. If this was in my neighborhood, it would probably be my neighborhood bar.
I went here a couple of times, maybe 3-4 times in 2012/2013.  Loved it every time.  No complaints, and yes they have the best burger in town.  Plus their $12 Pitchers are a great value (for 2 people).  The atmosphere gets a little loud, but after all, it is a bar.  I've never had trouble with the service, however the waiters do move a little slow sometimes with the check. They have a lot of fun events, from what I've seen on their bathroom walls with the posters advertising the events.  I was there once when they had a live band perform classic rock songs, that was pretty nifty and entertaining.  But I have not been in a while, so need to revisit soon.  :) One thing though:  The Blue Cheese burger:  the first time I got it, it was great!  The second time, my bf got it and it had way too much blue cheese on it and was not as good.  Apparently they just slap an already prepared blue cheese patty on top of the burger, which probably varies in consistency.  Be warned!
I'm amazed how differently you get treated based on the day you come to PK's. I been a long time, week after week, regular and never had a complaint about service, but then again its probably bc MONDAYS are their only good day of the week, their Bartender Dave is a gentleman, always attentive, you barely have time to put down your empty bottle before you realize he has already served you the next one. BUT my review is for SATURDAY. Poor service by their bartender, tall chick, i never experience BAD service till I sat at the bar w/her attending it! Doesnt bother to open my drinks, after you have managed to finally get her attention and I had to ask multiple times for napkins, then again, she was too busy at the other side of the bar chatting and eating her wings, n there was only 2 of us at the bar!!!  Tired of getting ignored I asked for my bill only to realize all my drinks had been sum up as one BIG open cash purchase and then asked by the bartender that if I didn't mind, they would rather have me pay cash, which I said I DID, only to be told their credit card machine was "NOT WORKING".... hmmm what a scam!
This place has so many good reviews and I don't understand.  The service was terrible.  Our waiter was a gentlemen that could barely stand us.  He never came to check on us and we had to ask for refills multiple times and even then he would only give one person a refill.  While we struggled to get drinks I could see him sitting and chatting with other workers. The food was not very good either.  Boyfriend got the burger and said it was tasteless.  We shared some mediocre onion rings and I had a wedge salad that was just not good at all.  The dressing was terrible and thick like mayo.
The atmosphere is really cozy and nice. The prices are totally affordable. The bar is separated from the dining area which is nice. The mac and cheese was SO DELICIOUS! I highly recommend it because it was really amazing. Service was great as well. The only reason I'm giving 4 instead of 5 is because I wasn't crazy about the burger. It was really soft which is not my style. Still good though!
I mean...I'm a fan, I just... I wish the lay out was a bit more open. Very narrow aisles to get to anybody. Almost feels cramped even when it's empty. Drinks and food aren't cheap, and while it is legitimately good it's not terrific. Ya know? Not memorable. If we had more than 3 bars to choose from I wouldn't go here. There it is.
OK, here I am again and yep, they still can cook a nice thick juicy burger to perfection. (medium rare means medium rare). Standard issue fries and such but the food was HOT at least, so whatever the cook is working with, he can make it happen. Good music was playing (not too loud to make conversation impossible), sports on one bar TV, news on the other, and plenty of booze in between. For some reason couples were making out all over the place today, which is a much better background atmosphere than having a bunch of do-nothings camping out on the sidewalk all night shouting at each other and staring at people when they are trying to eat, accompanied by deafening thug music blaring into the cafe from next door like at some places that shall remain nameless...(Ok, I admit it, shade to Dyckman and TOTALLY justified). Piper's Kilt is an old style Irish pub setup, dark inside with tiny windows so your wife can't see you drinking away your paycheck, and a partition to separate the men from the boys, as you will...(i.e., the drinkers from the non-drinkers, in no particular order). There is a rumor that somehow they can manage to cram some sort of live music inside on a Saturday, which is no small feat. It sort of reminds me of a bar in a suburb or small city, low drama, with a nice mix of all ages and races of just plain old regular mellow types of people. And I still think the waitstaff are just fine and that the kitchen puts out food in a reasonable amount of time. All in all, it's not a gourmet meal or any place to travel to, but if you're in the neighborhood and you are craving some meat (and a beer or three), it'll do just fine... I would request, on behalf of fellow burgerphiles, to update the bread though, give us a good sourdough roll or something other than family picnic burger buns...
Great food!
So today My friends and I went to our favorite little Irish pub in the neighborhood, one we've been to too many times to count.  We love it because it has great food at cheap prices...  at least that used to be the case. We had our "usuals" and what used to be a $25 tab per couple came back to us at $45 per: almost double!  I've been there regularly for over ten years and always had free refills on sodas.  It's not just me: my husband and our two friends are also regulars and have also NEVER been charged for refills. When asked to speak to the manager, because our waitress said she was new, we were informed there was NO MANAGER ON THE PREMISES.  Both the bartender and a waiter who has personally served me many times and always given free refills came and very belligerently informed me that this is NOT a new policy but they've always charged for refills.  Something all four of us knew to be a complete lie.  You don't go to a restaurant regularly for a number of years and not know something like that when it's what you always order. One of the friends with me is a restaurant manager himself and was flabbergasted at the behavior and complete disregard for the customer.  It is inexcusable not to have a manager on the premises at all times, and if customers are used to something and your policy has changed, then inform them of it, and maybe take off the extra sodas (which cost them very little anyhow) just this once and "now we know" for future instances.   By the way, three of us only had one extra refill each, and the other didn't even order a soda, so it wasn't like it would have broken the bank to be customer friendly and taken it off the bill this time.   On top of that we were charged for lettuce and tomatoes on a burger -- something which has also never occurred.  Nickle and diming your customers to death is definitely not a way to increase business.  The prices on the menu were extremely misrepresented in comparison to the final bill. Having a waiter lie to my face like that was so incredibly rude, adding insult to injury, I was quite upset.  None of us will EVER frequent this restaurant again.  I just checked my Quicken and over just the past couple of years I've personally spent over $1300 at this restaurant, including many business meals.  I guess they don't need my business or that of my friends anymore.
Bacon chili cheeseburger is the best burger ! People are extremely friendly! Great place to go for drinks and great food
Great place to go when you want to stay local and chill.  Have been here a couple of times with friends and we've enjoyed our time here.  The bartender is great, drinks are cheap, the food is decent and we love the jukebox. We will be back!
Irish Pub in the Bronx. Great wings. Great burgers! Great to have some drinks with friends by the bar. Staff is friendly. Kind of has a college hangout atmosphere to it. Perfect place to let your hair down, sit by the bar, catch a game, eat some wings, and have a beer. Nothing fancy about it. Rustic looking. Kind of resembles the bar from Cheers :)
Great place to watch football on Sundays! We showed up about 15 minutes before kickoff and the bartender was very accommodating. She was willing to turn all the tvs at the bar to different football games, even though we were the only ones interested in them. Plus, they have a great brunch! $19.95 for any burger on the menu and unlimited Coors or Bud Light for a few hours? Can't beat that!
Awesome service fun atmosphere! I got the BRONX BOMBER this time. Last time was the Eastchester burger. Their rare cook is out of control. Oh and cheap beer. If you're in the Inwood. Make this place happen
Thank you for making the best sweet potato fries I had in a long long time!! Super crispy with a creamy inside, these things are everything sweet potato fries should be. I got them as a side to the bacon cheeseburger which was also delicious. I ditched the bun halfway through because it was slightly boring and a bit to big but the burger itself was juicy and cooked to the point. We'll be back for sure!
Came with friends last night for Sunday karaoke. Great fun! Very attentive and good service too.
On a recommendation to get a hamburger here I came. It looked big and beautiful but they didn't so much as flavor let alone use salt to enhance the taste of that "flub" burger. I had to make up that word to describe how tasteless it was so I tried again, it was still very flubby. I feel like a victim giving money for it twice and am embarrassed.
I was in the 'hood yesterday for an afternoon (50 minutes - about as much as I can take) of Haydn performed by our very own Steve M.  I hadn't been this far uptown since I lived around here, circa 2003. I just wanted to leave a note saying that the Piper's Kilt, and the Bronx Bomber burger in particular, is still worthy of five stars.  Say what you will about the Kilt, but I love the place.  From the dark wood paneling to the old, pre-Dominican migration ladies having soup to the old baseball pictures lining the walls......I love it all.
How I wish this was within walking distance (as opposed to a short subway/bus ride). Everything is great about this place! The insanely good burgers, the bread pudding, the Sunday brunches w/ unlimited drinks, and Jeopardy! blasting at 7 pm. When the overpriced and outdated Jesse's Place closed in my apartment building, I was praying that something like this would open up in that location. No $18 tepid pasta dishes, just amazing burgers accompanied by a great, unpretentious pub. What opens up? A shitty Thai/Japanese (what?) restaurant that makes Jesse's shine by comparison.
Best Hamburger in Town? Definitely not, at least not to me... Best Hamburger in Inwood? Perhaps, but I know of a far superior alternative about a dozen blocks down Broadway, in Fort George, called Locksmith. For my tastes, the meat of my Bleu Cheese Burger was entirely too granular and mealy. And it wasn't exactly what I'd call tender or juicy, there wasn't even any char or flavor from the grill. It was just sort of a standard Pub-quality burger. And although I am definitely a fan of Pub-quality food (not to mention atmosphere), I think that Piper's Kilt is merely resting on its laurels. Why do I say this? Because everything is over-priced, and nothing is complimentary. Any little extra request or exception or substitution or addition, you'll be charged for. That's not exactly what I'd call gracious. And isn't welcoming warmth the point of a Pub in the first place? The more I think about everything we ate (and paid for), the more disappointed I am, three stars are quickly almost turning into two stars. The nachos were boring, the fries were boring, the onion rings were boring, the potato salad was boring, and the cole slaw was boring. But I really like the feel of the place, dark and woody and anonymous and divey, and it's a completely different world inside than it is outside.
The Bronx Bomber was the burger of choice and to wash it down with Guinness of course.
Service is Great, food is weak, Burger has no seasoning, wings drenched in Nasty Buffalo Sauce
Doodz, how the hell could I forget to write about my experience at Piper's Kilt? Now when I think Piper's Kilt, the first thing I think of is Rowdy Roddy Piper, and the kilt he always wore to the ring when wrestling.  Too bad he has nothing to do with this place, or else I'd be there every day. We came here last year, after seeing a friend play at the church across the street. When I came up here, I found the church and much to my utter shock and delight, I saw that Piper's Kilt was right across the street. Someone had been trying to force us to go, and I knew that with my persuasive powers I could get people to go there after the performance. I "pull the strings", as they say. The place is small. Maybe 10-15 tables, at best. There are two sections: the bar on the left side of the building, and the restaurant section is on the right side of the building. And since it was small, we had to wait almost 20 minutes for a table. Now when people say that the burgers are off da hook, they are on the money. Huge beef patties that are freshly made, with gobs and gobs of swiss cheese and lots of mushrooms. The fries were pretty good, and they hit the spot. But holy shmoly, those 'em good burgers. Now, would I say that going for these burgers are worth getting on the uptown A train all the way to Inwood? I would say YES, they are. Hello, I do have persuasive powers, remember?
Service is Great, food is weak, Burger has no seasoning, wings drenched in Nasty Buffalo Sauce
I went last Thursday where they were having Karaoke night sponsored by another online networking group, Meetup.com, not NEARLY as classy or as cool as Yelp ;-) I went to this place thinking it would be a harsh Irish bar with regulars yelling at each other and cheering on the blonde on the microphone. In reality, it's where all of the white people in the neighborhood hang out. Kind-of a refuge from all of the electro-salsa being pumped though tricked-out ghetto cruisers. The atmosphere was pleasant, I felt really comfortable there -- considering I was CLEARLY on a date with a guy. I had a Turkey Burger for dinner, and it was decent. The kitchen closes at 11PM, you have time to get a late night snack if you want, and they have a decent selection of beer on tap. I'm a Guinness guy myself.
I've lived in the neighborhood for a little over 2 years now and there is no doubt that whether you're headed into the PK for a mid day meal or a late night round you're going to have a good time.   If there is a definition of the Manhattan Irish Pub this is it.  It's a little awkwardly set up with a divider running down the middle separating the bar from the dining area which only becomes a problem when it's packed and impossible to get to the bar itself or the bathroom for that matter.  The decor is amazing, much of it having come from another bar in the city when it was going to be torn down, (at least so I was told by the friendly bar staff).  On top of that every major holiday season is celebrated to the fullest with the most elaborate decoration displays I have ever seen in any establishment. You won't find a pint for less on this island and while I beg to differ with their sign outside boasting the best burger in all of Manhattan I will admit that the food is good and only moderately overpriced.  So whether you're looking for your next stop while crawling the streets of Inwood next Saturday night or maybe just to grab a bite to eat Saturday afternoon The PK is always a good choice.
This summer I've been seeing a ton of America. I've been depending on fellow Yelpers for places to eat and drink. Every time they've hooked me up; every time until now that is. Who would have guessed the one place I would be let down would be NYC of all places? Piper's is very, very average. Best burgers some yelpers have ever had? WTF? Are you kidding me? Wow. I feel sorry for you. The burgers here are ok, nothing mind blowing. They seem greasier than other burger places I've been, and the meat seemed a little below par.   I had the bronx burger. It was more like a blah burger. It had BBQ sauce, but very little. Basically all I could taste was the swiss cheese and beef.   And the onion rings? Eh, they were ok. If I were to ever go back here, I would pass. On the upside, it was easy to reach from the GW Bridge, and equally as easy to get onto i-87. I was also able to find a free parking spot a few blocks away.   Sooo if you're passing through like me, it is worth stopping by. If you're in the neighborhood, ditto. Otherwise? Not worth making the trek up to  Inwood to go here.
Great atmosphere all around. The bar is a bit cramped because of the divider that splits the place in two. One side, the bar, the other side the dining area. Its has a very rustic used feel to it. As if the place had been used by vikings or something back then and still survived. Service is prompt if a bit dry. Well not all of them are like that, but well yesterday it was that way. The vibe of the the other customers is very cordial and friendly with the warmth of people that know each other, at least in that environment. Ive had a couple of bar dishes, potato skins, Irish nachos (fries with melted cheese topped with bacon bits [real bacon]).  Very fresh and tasty. Drinks are always cold, the bears at least. There is karaoke. Since the place is small it was done with a wireless mic that was passed around as your name was called out. The lyrics were displayed on TVs where they would otherwise show sports... like the world cup which we also got to see. Its a good place to come drink and have a quick bite... comfortable enough and with great atmosphere.
With all these 4 and 5 star reviews, I am convinced this place is now using crack as an ingredient in their food. Either that, or Inwood's drinking water has been contaminated and is causing people to hallucinate, because this place served up some of the most disgusting slop imaginable the last time I visited it. I used to be a regular here, not because it was any good, but because it was about the only place to go out to eat at in the neighborhood ten years ago. My chedderburger had cheese whiz, yes, cheese whiz on it, and the onion rings were soggy with a bloomin' onion-like sauce that I swear was half frozen. Bottom line: Do not go here unless you have to, i.e., you live in Inwood or are just going for cheap drinks. There are many places in the city that serve far better pub grub than this.
I can't say enough good things about Piper's Kilt. Its location across the street from my apartment should have raised my property value, but lucky for me real estate laws don't work that way. Pitchers of beer are reasonably priced, and they've got a decent selection, from Coors Light and Bud to Blue Moon, Smithwick's, Guinness, and Brooklyn Lager. But of course, you're here for the burgers, which are amazing. You'd better bring some friends, though, because there's more to try. The Piper's Kilt nachos are friggin' fantastic--a giant heap of nachos, cheese, chili, and jalapeno peppers, enough to feed 6 people for an appetizer. But if you go here and do not have the onion rings, you should be ashamed of yourself. Every single time I have been here I have to get the onion rings. There's no way I could not order these beer-battered rings of glory. The sauce is out-of-this-world, but they just have the process for frying those rings down pat. I don't know why they don't advertise more just how incredible their rings are. I'm going to start a petition to have a Bobby Flay onion ring throwdown at Piper's Kilt, just to watch him lose spectacularly. Add to all the great pub food the friendly staff (who know me by now), and the awesome Tuesday Night Trivia, and that makes this definitely the best pub in Inwood, and my personal favorite in all of Manhattan.
I am going to be very clear here. This is the best burger I have ever had in my life....and the best wings too.   I have been going to the Piper's Kilt in Eastchester since I was a kid. Then when I moved to the city I started going to the one in Inwood. The owners are the same I guess because the food is identical.   I recommend the bacon cheese burger and blue burger...but all the burgers are insane.  The beer is great too. I can't say enough about Piper's Kilt. Not fancy, not expensive, just amazing food. All the fancy burger places in the city with their fancy meats and unique blends can't touch this place. That is it.
Here is a sad story for you reading pleasure: I have lived in Washington Heights for over a year. I have shopped at the Inwood farmer's market (which, by the way, you should shop at too) every Saturday for almost a year. The farmer's market is literally 2.5 blocks away from the Piper's Kilt. And I even made a mental note to try the burgers at this place ASAP when I first moved here after reading about them on Yelp. Did I try the burgers ASAP? No. No I did not. And therein lies the sadness of this story... ...because these burgers are AMAZING. MM MM MM juicy beef yummy cheese cooked to perfection! I had the one with grilled onions, bbq sauce, and swiss (maybe it was called the Bronx Bomber?), but perhaps I should have had the one that comes with chili and onion rings. It seems to me that I will have to come this Saturday to try that one out. And what's this about unlimited drinks with brunch??? Where has this place been all my life? Up Broadway about 30 blocks, that's where. Where have I been? That is the better question.
Another establishment in my neighborhood that I've patronized. And this I actually like. It's a neighborhood bar so everyone pretty much knows each other. The times I've come here are usually because I'm supporting a local event of sorts. Or the world cup game is on. In any case, each time I've been here with friends I've had a good experience. And their claim of best burger in Inwood is quite true. It's really the only place I'll eat a burger around here.
Mmmmm, now this is a burger to remember. Lovely, juicy blue cheese burger. So delicious. Drool and drool again. Magners, check. Bailey's, check. Everything was great, I really can't think of what else to say except damn, that was a really good burger!! Also, clearly a great place for the some good drunk overheard in NY quotes, like "I am currently limited in my mobility."
As a self-confessed Anglophile/gaelophile I enjoy a place that is an actual Irish bar. There's two things that you have to avoid to actually pull off the Irish bar vibe: 1) a name like "Sullivan's" or "McMurphys" and 2) excessive profusion of shamrocks, guinness signs and the stereotypical gaelic font. Having spent a year in England and some time in my ancestral digs up in Northern Ireland, all you need is warm ambiance, lots of wood and decent beer. If they didn't serve food, I'd honestly only be rating Piper's Kilt two stars. Their offerings are pretty standard; the usual American lager fare rounded out by Sam Adams, Brooklyn Lager, Smithwicks and of course, Guinness. The ubiquitous Irish stout is a pretty good pour. They may not have craft offerings but they clearly care enough to keep their lines clean as I've never had a pint that tasted off. Where they really shine is the gestalt pub experience. They've got nice solid booths and quick, friendly wait staff. As you may expect the menu sports some classic appetizers. I can highly recommend the Irish nachos. If you've never come across this twist on the pub favorite, it's essentially just french fries with cheese and bacon. In their case they use a form of potato that actually straddles the line between the crispy crunch of a chip and the meaty bite of a french fry. There are better burgers to be found in the city, but if you're not looking for something with applewood smoked bacon or a rosemary aioli, it's hard to beat the sheer satisfaction of these burgers. Add in plenty of televisions to view your preferred sporting event and you'll be a happy diner.
The nice thing about this place is that it is predictable. You can count on a good burger and a good house salad with blue cheese dressing, if that is all the damage you want to do to your cardiovascular system.  Once in a while one has to be true and allow a pig-out session, especially when things are not going so stellar .  This place offers you the opportunity to let it all hangout and you wont be sorry, and certainly your greedy physician  wont. The food here is as good as bar food gets. Their burgers are very good and they can even make a well done burger that is juicy. Their beers on tap are great--love their black an tan! Don't come to this place expecting great cuisine. This is Northeastern American cuisine at its best  and entirely devoid of the later day  "lets act French" pretensions so ubiquitous  in mediocre downtown restaurants catering to young professionals who grew up in the boondocks eating  McDonalds but now try to  market themselves as sophisticated cosmopoles.  Do expect tasty burgers and  good house fries, as you let down  your guards and squirt the ketchup and gulp down a few beers.  Feel like a burger tonight?  Head for this place; you can even have bacon strips with it. Yeah, you might feel guilty afterwards, but life is to be lived, and you can always hit the treadmill in the morning...Wink, wink. Oh, my roommate who has been around the planet maybe 10 times and eaten at some of the best restaurants around the world asked me to mention their onion rings-- he loves them.
I wouldn't say that these are the best burgers in Manhattan, but this is clearly some place to see some beef. I've lived up in Inwood for about ten years and can easily say that this spot is rather homo-friendly. I've seen quite a number of gay couples in these booths and at the bar...myself being one of them. Maybe it's the Guiness, maybe it's the the Jeopardy playing on the TVs, maybe that for the longest time it was the only sit-down restaurant in the neighborhood that wasn't a McDonald's. Now, Piper's has been eclipsed by Park Terrace Bistro (for the Mediterranean homo in you...hey, not everyone can afford Mykonos)..and Guadalupe (for the gothic, choir boy set). The food is what you'd expect from a pub...you're not going to go there for Shrimp Scampi...but the more traditional offerings like Shepherd's Pie and fish and chips are a good bang for the buck...and your arteries if you're over 30. And they do love the holidays...they decorate the whole inside complete with an electric train that runs above the booths and bars. (epiphany: this could another reason for the gay love) If only the check came as quick as that speedy delivery. That slow service is why I give Piper's three outta fi'.
How does one rate pub food? I was under the impression that if it was served with something deep fried and it left one feeling like there was a small boot in your stomach, it had successfully hit the spot. Pipers success stories include the bronx bomber burger (which will likely leave me widowed at a young age considering my fiances affinity for them) and my personal weakness- buffalo fingers (technically an appetizer but enough for a boot-ish feeling none the less). Fries, rings and nachos are all crave-worthy as well. More importantly the drinks are strong, the beer is cold (although if you order a pitcher, drink fast- the glasses aren't frosted) and the games are always on (if Tommy's working you can count on a Ranger game). A great array of interactive gaming includes trivia night, karaoke, and 7 o'clock Jeopardy where the music is turned off so no one need guess the question/answer. If for some reason you manage to be disappointed with what Pipers has to offer, you obviously don't understand. Leave. You're a downer and Keenans down the block would be thrilled to have you.
I like this place a lot. It's rare that this place doesn't have people cramming food down their throats. The fare is relatively simple and it doesn't try to be too chic for their own good. The staff, the times I've been here, have been relatively attentive and have a good sense of when to leave you alone to your meal or conversation. The decor isn't particularly enthusing -- it's rather dull actually. But, a good selection of beers and some tasty wine selections make it very worthwhile. The burgers aren't half bad and the chicken fingers are well tasty. Keep in mind the place that at the entrance, the place is split into two: the eating area and the bar... so have a sense of your meal preference when you approach! Prices are pretty standard and not overreaching.
This used to be my regular hang up in Inwood... I basically went there all the time because there was no other place to go.  (That was before all these other nice restaurants like the Garden Cafe opened in the area.) I know lots of people like Piper's Kilt burger, but to me it's simply a VERY big piece of meat with a bun.  Nothing special, and I certainly didn't find it particularly outstanding in the flavor department. Food in general is ok - nothing to write home about.  But this place is special to me just because of all the time I've spent there with friends...
I love me some Piper's Kilt.  When I want to go to a bar and have bar food, this is THE place in Inwood.  The best burger in the 'hood.  The create-your-own salad is awesome, too -- and HUGE. Seriously love this place.
I don't typically like to review places that are not in my neighborhood. Usually, I like to visit an establishment a few times before forming a concise opinion and documenting it for all to read. Being from South Florida, Piper's Kilt is clearly not in my hood and I only came here once while visiting a friend, but sometimes one visit is enough to formulate a concrete judgement.  And in this scenario, that would be: YUCK!!!! One word: Bone. Second word: quesidilla. Yes, there were bones in my chicken quesidillas. Not just one, but a few. That pretty much kills any appetite. If I lived here, that would have been the first and last time I ate at Piper's Kilt.
Typical Irish Pub with good food and good beer. Service has always been good, and man, they serve a great Guinness ! I definitely dig this pub.
While they claim it's the best burger in New York City, I would at least given them the best burger in Inwood.  I especially appreciated the Grey Poupon mustard they offered.  What I liked even better was the surroundings - the wood makes for a nice place to enjoy a pint.  They also had an awesome music selection playing, including The Clash.  Would come back again when I'm in the mood for a burger or a beer..
I went on an impromptu burger date with a friend and really enjoyed myself The waiter was really nice and since it was my first time there  he gave me a broad description of the different burgers they had on the menu. The food was really good. I ordered sweet potato fries to go along with my burger. It's always a plus when they have that on the menu. My burger came with a side of chili, it didn't look appealing so I didn't touch it. Overall it's cozy and great for a quick bite and beer
It seems many people are divided on the burgers.  I for one am a fan.  I got the Eastchester burger that came with onion rings, bacon, and cheese.  Everything a growing girl needs! I actually put the rings on the burger for extra cardiac arrest.  The burger also came with a cup of chili, and maybe it's because I am picky about chili, but it tasted and looked to be out of a can.  I even put some on that on the burger, but that just muddled the great taste. Another time I got a wrap, and it was just okay.  The great thing about it was the staff actually dropped the order on the floor.  That wasn't so good, but they were so apologetic and immediately brought another one.   Apparently karaoke on Sunday's is a hoot, and I will definitely be watching football here with unlimited lite beers with breakfast!
I've come here twice. First time I just came for drinks and the bartender was really friendly, the crowd was a bit older, but I still had an interesting conversation with the guy next to me. It's just a neighborhood Irish bar. The next time I went was to eat, I had a mozarella burger and I was in  love! I didn't consider myself a burger person then (Although I am now), and this burger to me was just amazing. The price is also great! I want to go for the happy hour karaokes sunday, so hopefully soon I'll add that experience to my review.
We traveled 1.5 hours to get here from our Bushwick apartment. No kidding--I am just that crazy about burgers. I love, love, love, love the Piper's Kilt original in Eastchester. The Eastchester burger with cheddar is my favorite burger of all time. Seriously, I have dreams about it--and inexplicable cravings for it that won't let me rest. We were way far from Eastchester, but a friend had told me about the Inwood location and my boyfriend, after much begging and pleading on my part, yielded to my insane request that we haul it up to Inwood in search of my beloved burger. The results: It was incredibly good--but it so wasn't the same. Firstly, the fries here are different--not quite as perfect as the ones in Eastchester, which are double battered and hard to put down. These are your run of the mill fries, adequate, tasty. The chili still was excellent, the onion rings were lovely. And no matter what side of the Bronx, that burger sure does deliver in meaty, bacony goodness,--no matter how much it has changed from its Eastchester 'twin.' ...In effect, my disappointment was that it's just not the same cheese! The Cheddar Burger in Inwood uses white cheddar instead of the sauce-like, cheese-wiz type cheddar cheese I am accustomed to on my favorite burger in Eastchester. It was still amazing, but if you think this was delicious--head up to Westchester county for the most mind-blowing burger experience of your life. You really won't regret it.
This one is going to hurt a bit.  I love the Kilt.  I've been going there for years.  I'm a regular.  I want this review to be more positive than it is.  But I still love the place because of its sentimental value. I was there last night, Sunday, July 4.  It was an odd mix of the traditional regulars (some there for karaoke) and folks stuck in NYC with nothing better to do over a long holiday weekend.   I stayed with friends on the bar side and got my beer quickly from Tommy.  Tommy is one of the best things about this place.  He's fast, friendly, and fun (and when it's football season, he will always oblige you with at least one TV for your requested game).  Oh, I also come for the crazy, over the top holiday decorations when it's a festive time of year (Halloween and Christmas are the best). Eventually, I ordered dinner.  Over the years, I have ordered so much from this menu...lots of burgers, wings, onion rings, chicken tenders, salads, and (since they've recently added some slightly "healthier" options), the occasion wrap.  It's generally good, solid pub food.  They are known for their burgers.  I do like them though over the years, they have run a bit on the rare side (not an issue for me, but it's good for others to know).  I'm partial to the mushroom burger (I occasionally add bacon), but sometimes just get a plain one (and add lettuce and tomato; I still find it a bit comical that you have to pay a bit more for this) and love the fries. Recently, the management has made some changes that seem attempts at making the place a bit more upscale.  They've changed the plates, among other things.  The plates are smaller than they used to be.  I've noticed that the amount of fries has decreased because of this.  I've not been too terribly upset about it (since I don't need that much fried goodness...and I will eat them if they are there).  However, last night was different.  The number of fries seemed even more paltry than normal.  I might have had ten total.  The burger also didn't seem as flavorful as in the past (though it's been a while).  And though the mushrooms were well-cooked and tasty, the top of the bun wasn't even warm (I don't remember this previously being the case).  My friends, eating less than me, received their wings as requested (light on the sauce).   I'm hoping that it was just an off night.  I love this place and will still go.  Tommy is what brings me back (I also like much of the rest of the staff on the weekend evenings), as does the atmosphere.  I'll come back and update following my next visit.  I'm still expecting a yummy burger...and hopefully a few more fries.
When you don't know what you want to eat....just go here and order a burger. We were a party of 4 and that's exactly what we did . There was nothing left on anyone's plate.  The service was excellent and the atmosphere was just the way it should be in a neighborhood pub. I would eat here more often but my cholesterol is high and I would always want a Piper's Kilt  burger :(
Just your typical neighborhood pub grub.  Most people rave about the burgers, but I don't eat beef, so I cannot comment... I generally go there if in the neighborhood and in the mood for comfort food.   Last time I was there, I was with my mother and just had a small mole removed from my eyelid and just happened to have a black eye... my mother is very pushy and literally shoved a piece of her 'chicken finger' down my throat and this is when one of those incidents you think will never happen to you... happen.  The piece of chicken became lodged in my throat and I could not breath, nor speak... my mother who knows how to do the heimlich maneuver starts screaming, 'she's choking', so I just got up and ran in the bathroom and was able to get it up on my own... The embarrassment of coming out of that bathroom, not only after the scene my mother made, but with a black eye... and to boot, my mother asks me if I'm going to finish the chicken... I just wanted to hide under the table.   This happened the weekend of the hurricane... I'll never eat a chicken finger again.
The ambiance is kinda divey, but you come to this place more for the food than to drink. Burgers and fries (the sweet potato fries are real good!), wings, the average American diner food(yeah, it's a bar) at a good price. Definitely one of the best places in the area. Loses a star cause the servers can be kinda slow.
I think this is one of the tastiest burgers out there.  They cook them like you ask and they are on a soft bun (i usually prefer a hard roll but) it works so well.  Everytime I get outvoted and wind up at the evil odyssey diner a few shops up and people order burgers, I feel I  need to smack them and say "Why aren't we at the piper's kilt?"  I know nothing of their other menu offerings which frankly look pretty unhealthy and ordinary but for a burger (if you can't get to the Blazer pub in Purdys) this is the place to go hands down.
This bar is fun to go to with a group of friends.  The Christmas decorations, which last long after Christmas, can make you feel a little buzzed, even while sober.  I recommend the Irish nachos.  If you're looking for burgers however, go to French Roast (nothing beats their burger with brie). I'm into dive bars, so for ambience and decor and to hang out with down home New Yorkers, go to the Kilt in the Bronx.  Here you will find a fun group of teachers, policemen, firefighters....we're a fun crowd.
This is a cool bar to enjoy yourself in while in Inwood. There is great food and the waiters are decent, but it is a little crowded here at times. Nevertheless, despite this bar no being my #1 dive bar spot, its a pretty solid choice for when I want to stay local and avoid having to go through the monotonous routine of eating flavorless bar food. Shout out to Charley F!
i love love love Piper Kilt! I live like 2 blocks from here, and we go so often its not even funny. The burgers are AWESOME (eastchester, and bacon CHEDDAR cheeseburger), the onion rings are awesome (make sure you get the mustard sause with it!). I recently tried the sweet potatoe fries, pretty good, though i wish they had some dipping sauce. OH the steak sandwhich is delicious. I love Kareokee days, and I love how they turn up the volume on the weekedays @ &pm for... JEOPARDY! ha ha! I also love the brunch menu.. aaaaaanf unlimited drinks ;-) Try it... you'll love it... and may find me there!
While working my way back to the subway after my stroll through Fort Tryon and Inwood Hill Park I ended up passing the Piper Kilt.  I have had this place bookmarked on my Yelp for the longest time.  Since I was finally in the neighborhood I stopped in for a burger. The burger was great and what tops it off is it comes with cole slaw and fries all for under $10.  However, don't be confused by the 3-star rating it was a good burger, but no matter how good it is it still is only a burger. Finally one more "to try" place off my list.
The burger I had here was actually pretty good. From the outside it looks kind of creepy and dirty, but inside, it looks like an old school pub. The wings are not bad. It really is a good place for drinks and a burger if you are in the area. I can't say I would recommend the rest of the food though. Seemed like a lot of the customers were regulars.
Wow, their burgers are soooooo good.  I'm not going to say the service is fantastic but it isn't - it's mediocre but whatever bc the burgers are B-O-M-B. LOL At least mine was.  My husband ordered a burger too and he really liked it.  But then again, he grew up in the area and always has liked the Piper's Kilt.  He's been trying to get me to go there with him for some time.  I have to say that the outside isn't appealing AT ALL.  The outside looks outdated and makes you feel you went into a time warp.  The inside has an old feel to it but it's nice and cozy and very welcoming.  I haven't had dessert here yet but I can def recommend the burgers.
Piper's Kilt is one of the few simple dining options left in Inwood.  The neighborhood has pretty much moved to high class and ethnic eateries.  The burgers are decent here and they have an incredible Sunday brunch special with unlimited drinks. I recommend this place if looking for a simple meal and just want to hang out a relax with friends.
I agree with other reviewers here that the burger at Locksmith is superior, but I still can't help but come back here for the ambiance. It's at the other end of the pub spectrum- dimly lit, totally Irish, cozy and much more casual. It's a place I go to for dinner, not drinks. I avoid the trivia (questions are way over my head) and karaoke (burger sans crooning, please) nights, but I appreciate them for the neighborhood cohesion they offer. And to be fair, their burger is still quite good! I always seem to gravitate back towards the blue cheese. Their fries are definitely frozen, and that's okay by me. Give me my side of mayo, some extra salt and a very nicely poured Guinness and I am always A-OK with my meal and extremely reasonable check.  Oh, and I've always found their onion rings to be ridiculously good.
Best Burgers in Inwood.  Hands down.  really fun interior also.   however.  consistently poor service.  once we were refused service because our IDs were not accepted by the bartender.  it was really strange and embarassing, because we had been there many times before, and he humiliated us in front of a full, but quiet bar.  my boyfriend will never return.
So the burgers are NOT great.  They are good, but if you order a burger, it should come with lettuce and tomatoes, AT LEAST.  How can you make the claim of best burger when it doesn't even have the most very basic things that are supposed to come with a burger?  They give you a bun and a hunk of meat and nothing more.  If you want cheese, it's extra, too much extra.  Cheese should be a 50 cents add-on, no more.  And cheddar is an additional $1.25!  That's murder.  $1.25 for a slice of freaking cheese?  Come on now, guys.  They don't have the basics of burgers down, and although the patty was amazingly cooked, it wasn't great enough to be on it's own.  The price is also not great, though it's not bad.  I expected a lot better. Beyond that, the beer prices aren't that low and they only have malty beers, no pale ales or IPAs or Pilsners.  Their saving grace is that they sell an amazing Irish whisky called Redbreast for the same price as Jameson.  It's like $6 or something, which is good for a damn good and hard to find Irish whiskey.  So unless I'm craving that, I probably wouldn't come here. All that aside, the bar tenders are nice and the crowd is friendly and out-going.  If you like malty beers and Irish whiskey, by all means come here, but if you're expecting the best burger ever, you won't find it here.
Best burgers around! Other bar food offerings are very good as well. Nice, FUN, atmosphere, friendly service. Probably wouldn't recommend bringing kids. Live entertainment on Saturday evenings.
We have been coming here for years. We live in the neighborhood and it's nice to have a place where we can come and eat and it never breaks the bank. It's also nice to have the owner and waitstaff recognize you when you enter. If you come in on a Sunday, make sure you stay to hear Vinnie sing. Brunch is fantastic, those drinks keep coming until it's over. Great times. The only thing I don't like about this restaurant, and it's really not a BAD thing just a personal preference, is the sporting crowd. They can get very loud during fooball season, but that's pretty much par for the course in an Irish Pub. Thumbs up all-round.
Love pipers kilt's burgers and irish fries, I am very familiar with this place and mostly go after work or school to enjoy a few cocktails with my friend. Been going for about 4 years and have met lot's of friendly people who always go, same as me. The bartenders are great too, I love my cocktails they're always perfect! ;)
We came down from Inwoods hills and were thirsty. Not far away did we spot this Irish-ish look restaurant. Not many options for draft beers. The guinness I had was ok. We ordered fries and fried mozzarella which were ok too. A partition separates the bar and tables, which makes the restaurant look very cramped. If you don't sit and lean on the partition next to the bar, people practically have to squeeze through. Didn't know burgers were good there. Maybe I'll try next time I'm in the neighborhood.
Great neighborhood pub! This is THE place in Inwood to take friends if you just want a pitcher and good burgers. It's a nice and friendly atmosphere.  I don't take nearly enough advantage of their Sunday night karaoke because I am apparently an old man.
I love Piper's!  It is by far the best bar in Inwood or Washington Heights.  The burgers are amazing, better than shake shack, corner bistro or other over-hyped downtown burgers. The drinking vibe is friendly but not corny and the drinks are reasonably priced. Top it off that Tom is the best bartender in town...
I've only been here for lunch, but delicious burgers and wraps. I particularly love the buffalo chicken wrap and sweet potato fries. Good service and quiet atmosphere.
The burgers are just too good to stay mad.
This is a reliable neighborhood bar.  I've been here a only handful of times but it's a solid place all in all.  There's always a game on, good staff and karaoke on Sundays.  No, their burger is not "the best in town" and I'm not even crazy about the turkey burgers either.  Haven't had much else but I can safely assume that I'm not going to be blown away by the food, that it'll be just okay. What this place has going for itself is that it's kind of like Cheers.  You go there to get a beer, unwind, watch a game.  After a while it becomes the place "where everybody knows your name...."
i was with the illustrious yelp musician (steve m.) and the fabulous maria m. on sunday. maria and i went to get some class on by going to see classical music in a church. contrary to what you might thing, i did NOT burst into flame when i stepped on concentrated ground. i know, i was surprised too. before i go into the burger that i devoured, let me tell you about the horrifying mascot. i swear to sweet zombie jesus, this thing was something. it was some scary little man in a kilt. he looked vaguly like a leprechaun; if that leprechaun's mom and satan; no, something worse than satan, had a kid. i swear. horrifying. maybe the monster from alien? maybe mickey rourke...go there and decide for yourself. i had the fried onion burger and it was good! not exactly cooked to my liking, but juicy and huge. if i was ever getting classy again in washington heights, i would for sure stop by here again.
I was denied the pleasure of knowing J. Edgar Hoover. Why, you ask? He died well before my birth. So that was a categorical impossibility. It's a matter of public record that Hoov enjoyed the sartorial styling of the fairer sex. In other words, he liked to wear dresses. God bless him. Everyone's got something. I wonder if he ever fancied a kilt. That's the great bridge between the genders. Call it a transitional article. In most cases, the pattern is Tartan plaid. Most people donning kilts also carry the bagpipes. What an enchanting instrument. I don't it's out of line to say that whomever invented the bagpipe was a complete madman. Think about everything else. Woodwinds, brass, string instruments, pianos. All reasonable things. This guy probably enjoyed a solid flute. But said, "I need a bag." Gotta add a sack to the flute. It is simply not phallic enough. And he was most likely wearing a kilt all the while. Piping away. Makes you stop and think.
My friend asked, "Do you like wings?" Well that's a retarded question for most, but I am not much of a wing-woman myself (ok, corny but I really don't eat wings that often nor wing very well). But he talked it up so high I had to give it a try. He had me meet him near his hood in the land of Inwood. I've never taken the train this far, and I was a this close to taking a picture of the subway stop. Thank goodness I stopped myself from such shamefulness. When I emerged from the last subway stop I was very pleasantly surprised at such a comfy neighborhood. Luckily this place is literally across the street from the stop so it's also easy to get to. And when you walk inside it's very pub-like and down to earth. I just glanced at the menu since he already knew what we were ordering. On Mondays they have happy hour with 50cent wings. We ordered 36+ wings and two orders of fries along with a couple of pitchers of beer. The server asked if we knew about "the rule" which is, you can't take any wings to go/home. Eat em or leave em. Totally fine considering I was with 4 guys. When the wings came I was impressed. They weren't the underfed bone-only chickens that wouldn't be able to fly if it were up to their muscles, but actually had meat on them. The sauce was tasty with a good ratio of skin to meat. The fries were also darn good, and I regret having eaten so many of them. One guy who's a beast ordered a hamburger and another order of fries for himself after we finished the wings, and admitted the burger was really good. I really can't find anything wrong with this place. My friend told me they have themed nights, like trivia and karaoke, which is pretty awesome. There was a football game going on so it got a little loud for a bit, but this is a great place to come with a group of friends. Not sure how often I'll come up here, but I wish I had a place like this in my neighborhood. The server was as good as they get and the feeling was as if everyone knew my name..
Broken legs, a court order of protection, nor a straight jacket could keep me from their burgers. They are, I believe, painfully delicious. Don't come here if you're a passionate burger aficionado. Burgerholicism will consume your life once you have one of their burgers. Great old world charm with old Irish flair in this barely lit tavern-like place. OLD OLD OLD wood floors, booths, decor, and chandeliers and not that pretentious Bull Shit modern 'Chic' you find in Soho. Always with daily lunch and dinner specials written on the board, and damn cheap prices for what you get. The service you ask? Sorry, its SHITTY and my 5 year old could do better, but your there for the food, ambiance and drinks!! All are welcome from singles, families, couples and of course drunks!
Went on the recommendation of a friend.  Tried the favorites: burgers, chili, onion rings, fries...all very good.  Onion rings were really good!  Also tried the steak sandwich which wasn't so hot.  Meat was good but bun was soggy and tasteless and the "fried" onions were actually steamed and added nothing to the dish. Service was so-so on a not so busy night.  Would go again but only if I were in town for another reason.
I dont know about you but I luv my BURGERS. Based on the success of this corporation locations have spread throughout new york. My two favorite locations would have to be In inwood and Baily. They have such a large selection of burgers there is no way i mean no way there isnt 1 for you. Full bar including my fav beer Blue Moon also a pretty cool place to go w/ friends and catch the big game in. The staff and personnel are nice courteous and tentative thats why i enjoy this well established family oriented place.
Four stars because it's one of the only good neighborhood bars in the area. Has an old New York feel to it, simple fare to go with the beer, and unlike some bar/restaurants in the area, it's not wildly overpriced for being way, way uptown.
Burger wasn't as incredible as I'd heard, but it was certainly near the top of the list in NYC. Service was a bit spotty, but still highly recommend!
See my photo here:   facebook.com/photo.php?f… Take the A train to the last stop in Inwood and you'll find Piper's Kilt. You'll feel as if you have reached the end of the known universe (aka Manhattan) but what you have found is a darn good burger. I last ate here about six years ago - back when the now abundant New York burger scene was in its infancy. Once touted by many as one of the best burgers in the City, it now rarely makes most top 25 lists. But this is no slight to "The Kilt". I ordered the "Eastchester Burger" ($9.50) - a  1/2 lb fast food style burger with bacon, cheese, lettuce, tomato with sides of fries, onion rings and a bowl of chili. If strictly judged on value this is a great deal. The price paid combined with all the trimmings make this a tough deal to beat. My patty was slightly overcooked (medium well vs medium) but still very juicy. It had a bit of a greasy, meaty taste to it - but in a good way. Its unsymmetrical shape gave it character and makes you feel almost as if you were at a backyard BBQ. The size was decent and the toppings (cheese and bacon) and sides (fries and onion rings) were good, but not great. The chili was disappointing and I could have done without it. You can upgrade your burger to 10oz for $2.25 extra. The bun was serviceable - not adding or detracting to the experience. Service was pleasant and fast, the atmosphere as to be expected for an old New York pub and the location, while out of the way for most, is somewhat charming in that it is a part of town most do not visit. All in all I'm glad I went back, but by no means is this a destination burger. If in the area or up for trip on the subway, I would recommend it, but with so many terrific options that are more centrally located, I won't find myself back at The Kilt any time soon.
Gotta love that burger. Make it an Eastchester with the bacon, etc.  And the Caesar salad hits the spot. too.
i went back yesterday. and it was twice as good as i remembered. same burg - bacon cheese. total face melter. you can taste how fresh everything is. the blood ran down my wrist (turn on).
The burgers here are delicious. Juicy, cooked to order (perfect pink medium rare) and very plump. Cozy wooden booths, crazy mechanical Christmas decorations (you can sense them moving veeerrrryyyy slowly over the bar as you eat) and super-friendly service makes this an Irish Oasis in a sea of Liquor marts, nail salons and the general hubbub of way-uptown Broadway. Its close proximity to the 207th Street A train station temps me to return for a beer to catch the game sometime.... when I have the time to make the commute...
I came here specifically for a burger and it's the best one I've had in a very long time. Cheddar burger; no frills or condiments, rare. It was cooked perfectly. Slight char around the outside and red, luke warm in the middle. Noise level was nuts and I don't mind being elbow to elbow with strangers but don't scream in my ear when the guy is on the other side of me. Not the restaurant's fault but it was the entirety of the bar. The burgers are unreal though and I'll definitely be back many times!
