CAme here last night to watch the USA play Ghana in the 1st round of the World Cup! What a great crowd to be around. They were all big soccer fans and so much fun to be around. For as busy of a crowd as it was, the service was excellent. They were constantly checking up on our beers, making sure we were okay. We ordered some buffalo wings - which were good, we ordered medium, but I would order HOT next time as these wings were more  ("sweet" maybe the right word is "tangy") than they were spicy.  The best part of this place was that during world cup USA matches they offer free bbq (hot dogs and burgers). When theyre done if they have left overs they even come around the restaurant and offer up whatever is left over.   A lot of families were here, it gets loud in here, but its a cool crowd to bring your soccer loving children around!
Friday night around 10pm. We sit at the bar counter and had a few drinks. Very professional bartenders and fun music. We didn't have any food, but some of the things they have seemed good. Good neighborhood bar- a fun place to drink and play some games with friends.
Haven't eaten here in a long time so I can't comment on the food.  As far as the service goes everyone here is awesome fast efficient and fun to mess with.  The bartenders are awesome all of them you can joke with and have a great time.  There are always in treating and fun people here as well cool place to hang out and drink.  They have food but as I said I haven't eaten it so I can't comment on that.  Tuesday is 5 beers for 5$ come enjoy meet people.  There is usually a dj we'd dancing so enjoy.
I've been coming to tommy's for  a long time. It's always a good close bar for my friends and I to get together at, mostly we're there for 5 for 5 (5 beers for 5 dollars) on Tuesday nights. I enjoy the set up of the bar its just sad that some nights it can be very dead, so its not always the best place if your looking to socialize.
Still a fan of their food. I'm giving only three stars because they were a little pricey; and I ordered a "dark and stormy" and asked me how to make it and what's in it. Don't get me wrong, we still stayed for 5 drinks. It was just too much for a pub and it's not that special to be honest. The crowd was OK. It looks deserted from the outside but its actually a party inside. After we saw the check, we headed out to Miller's and got our alcohol fix for an OK price.
Tommy Fox's is a great Irish Pub in Bergenfield.  The pub's ambiance and friendliness of the owner, manager and staff makes for a great spot to relax with friends over a pint or two. The menu is solid with a number of traditional Irish pub food favorites.  What's really excellent are the burgers and home made fries - absolutely delicious.
Awesome place, just awesome! Bartender's as nice as can be, food's great as well. The cajun chicken with portabello mushroom salad was delicious and spicy as hell! Just the way we all like it... (yes you like it spicy too, admit it) Service is great, place is down to earth and laid-back. I went there for my friend's birthday on a Tuesday and the atmosphere was great, not just from our friends but from the employees as well! It's almost like we knew them! Well now, we do! Definitely recommend this place for late night drinking and eating!
5 beers for $5 on tuesday nights, will in fact..cause you to black out and make you crawl home. another plus about this spot, if you ask to schedule something for a birthday group, they will work out specials for you..kinda like an extended happy hour. happy hour otheriwse, isnt the bomb diggity. drinks arent too cheap otherwise.  ive never eaten here, but quite a few friends have and said the food was a-okay. it gets packed on tuesday and friday nights...and on saturdays when they have bands..which really sucks because the place isnt that big. parking lot in the back is such a savior!
Loved the chicken curry and Shepard pie. Loved the groupon they offered and the food was amazing!!!
Gave up on the food here two years ago. Inconsistent. And definitely not even close to the best authentic Irish fare : /  Nice pub atmosphere and bar. Live bands on the weekend. Really looked forward to their Shepherd Pie. Looked like a can of Dinty Moore's Stew with mashed potatoes on top.
I've passed this bar countless times while growing up in Bergen County.  Today was my first visit to Tommy Fox's and I was really impressed with the cleanliness of the place and the professionalism of the bartenders. I was totally expecting a dirty dive bar and all that comes with it; the odors, the barflies, and the poor ambiance.  Wrong on all fronts.  I really liked this place.  It's a great local bar that should be more popular than it is. I was here with my cousin with the intentions of having a few beers and catching up.  We toasted on he and his wife purchasing their first home.  Growing up is hard sometimes. The atmosphere of the bar was great.  The bar top was full when we came in around 830p and everyone seemed to be having a great time, high fives were going up everywhere! My cousin and I also ordered the Tommy Burger-which was delicious (recommended), along with several rounds of Blue Moon and Yuengling draughts.  A live band started playing around 11pm.  At that point, attempts at having any sort of discussion were futile. $15 minimum on credit/debit purchases. Erin go bragh...
What a complete hoot.  It's a faux irish pub that has all the charm of a chain and the ambience of a food court. The service was mediocre and remarkably slow considering it was 5 in the afternoon on a Sunday and the place was frankly empty.  Either the Irish band they've brought in has yet to charm the locals or it has scared them off. There are no gluten free options of any kind, so I had to take a chance with a bun-less hamburger.  Since there's no way of knowing what's in a hamburger, that's a risky thing to do.  But everything else here is breaded. There's a very good day spa in walking distance that does an excellent two hour massage.  Walk over there and spend your money there.  Your stomach will thank you and so will your back.
I love Tommy Fox! It is my second favorite Irish Pub in all of Bergen county, after my own hometown pub. Their Guinness pour is amazing! Like any good place it has won an award or two for it. The food is also really good and my wife and I are a fan of their wings and their burgers. I have so far only come for lunches when I am in the area to take care of some errands, but every time I come here I leave with a smile on my face. The service is good, especially the bartenders who are really good and make excellent drinks and pour an excellent Guinness. If you are in the area you definitely have to give Tommy Fox a try.
I have been to this resturant about 3 times and all 3 times i have ordered steak.  I must say the prime rib is AWESOME.... i can't really comment on any of the other foods they serve because i as hooked on the steak... pricing... A+ food... A+ atmosphere... A+
I met my husband in Tomy Fox a few years ago, and since we live in NYC, we didn't have to opportunity to go back until last night. The service was very good, as I remember. He ordered the Steak is very good, juicy and very tender. I ordered the Prime Rib and I got disappointed. It has lack of flavor somehow.
This is my local watering hole. This is a nice Irish bar in Northeastern NJ.   Great bartenders, who are "bartenders" not kids working part time.  They are pros.  They pour a great pint of Guinness.   I have to say all of the draught is good and the lines are kept clean.  Great tasting Stella and Carlsberg too. They have a nice menu with good pub food.  Real fish and chips,  Irish breakfasts, shepard's pie, nice steaks and bangers and mash. Sports-wise they show all of the NFL on Sundays as well as the Irish GAA games via satellite on weekend mornings.  They also have the NHL package for all of the games. Quiz nights on Mondays at 8:30 are a big hit.  Lots of fun and good prizes (Yankees/giants/mets tickets and gift certificates that will more than cover your tab). Live Irish music and dancing on Sunday afternoons.  Rock bands and/or DJ's on Friday and Saturday nights. Hope to see you at the bar sometime!
Food is always ok, but I am always impressed with their draft selection. Service is always friendly. They have some fun nights during the week like trivia night.
Went in to Tommy's for the food for the first time the other night.  Unfortunately for us there was a customer recognition party.  So service was a little slow.  It did get us a free drink to start with though.   I ordered the shepherd's pie, although it was traditionally a cottage pie (beef).  That is what sold me on it though.  I prefer the cottage pie.  It was tasty but I wish there were more crispy potatoes.  The potatoes were only piped in a lattice pattern. We stated quite a while and were not rushed out.  I would partake again if I was in the mood for Irish food.
I loved my dinner here.  I went because of the Groupon and came away impressed.  The salad and bread were above average and the Shepherds pie was delicious, while being a bit too salty.  I am looking forward to trying a pub burger on my next visit.  The one sour note was the lava cake.  I do not think it was homemade and was certainly nothing special.
Loved the decor and the ambiance.  Went on a Wednesday before going to the movies and it wasn't too loud or busy.  Service was attentive and food was served quickly. I ordered the hamburger with sauteed onion.  Very juicy - fries tasted freshly made - not from frozen. My boyfriend ordered the fish n chips - he loved it - thought the fish was nice and flaky and the batter had a nice flavor. Loved the Malt Vinegar that was served with our food. My only minus about this place was that people were and allowed to smoke right outside the doorway so the place smelled like cigarettes and you had to walk through a cloud of smoke to get in the place.  That I didn't like at all.....
Professional, knowledgeable bartenders, great tasty food, friendly attentive wait staff, good choice of beers I love this place.
Great service. Maybe the best fries out there. The fried cheesecake is worth losing a foot to diabetes for.
Was hoping to find a good Irish pub close to home...but was dissatisfied. Can't really believe they have been there for so many years keeping people happy.
Im a fan of Tommy Fox's for the classic pub feel.  I feel like the bartenders I have had here have been pretty good and have always made a good drink!  Food is also classic pub food pretty good, nothing too special though but what do you expect?  Not a bad place though I stumbled in one night on what must have been Screamo night or something...  Cant imagine if that was my first visit and all I had to judge on!  Nice place!
I have been here twice both on a Sunday night, both visits the place was basically empty, but I would expect that on a Sunday night. The service was fast the food was actually good, so I had no choice to leave a nice tip. I have heard this place can get busy at times.
If you go there to have a meal with a group sitting at a table, the service is great and the food is too. If your going there for drinks at the bar, don't bother. Half the time they don't even pour the guinness or smithwicks in a proper pint glass. The bar itself is simply too small and it could take as long as 20 min to get a drink if you go on a busy night (i.e. if there is a band). Also the beer prices are just a bit much (i.e. last time there I ordered a Smithwicks draft and aHeineken bottle and it was 11 bucks, also they didn't even serve the smithwicks in a pint glass). Bottom line, go there for lunch or dinner not for drinks at the bar.
If you are looking for an authentic Irish pub this is your place. Friendly staff and a great atmosphere. Try the Tommy Fox burger it will not disappoint.
Tommy Fox's Public House is a typical big boisterous Irish public house divided into three main sections with many tables so you need not have a reservation here. As you enter from the main front door on Washington Ave. to the far left is the family-friendly section with nice quieter tables. Straight ahead are tables in the middle next to the bar area, but, separated by a pub like dark wood wall. To the far right is the noisier bar area also overlooking the dance floor. My party of two arrived on a recent Sunday around 6pm for dinner without any reservation as usual, since we have been here many times. We were seated in the middle section near the bar and overlooking the dance floor on a Sunday where they had two live rather older musicians playing Irish tunes. Mostly older Irish customers were dancing. The bar area has some very old authentic Irish pub like heavy dark wood finish. This is not a place for the young until much latter at night. I started with my favorite draft Guinness. I ordered their Sheppard's Pie, which arrived extremely hot as usual, but, had way too much mashed potatoes and not enough meat. The Sheppard's pie was also rather drab without much seasoning. My wife on the other hand was raving about her smoked salmon. Well at least half of us were satisfied. Next time I will not order the Sheppard's pie. The Irish music and service here were good so I will return, but, will not order the Sheppard's pie. You can park across the street on Washington Ave. or you can park in the rear and enter through their rear entrance in which case my prior comments would be reversed.
All in all, a pretty good restaurant, but a great bar. I ordered the grilled steak and it was cooked to perfection and pretty tasty. The sauteed broccoli was very surprising in that it was seasoned perfectly and not cooked to death like me sweet Irish mum did for decades. Had there been vegetable police, that lady most certainly would have been convicted of aggravated assault. But I digress (again). The waitress was very sweet and efficient. The Guiness was fresh and just perfect. My dinnermates were very disturbed by the two toddlers playing on the floor of the bar, and I tried to explain that in Ireland it is not uncommon for children to be present in neighborhood pubs, but they weren't having any. I agree that I wouldn't want to spill one drop of Guinness tripping over a toddler, that's for sure. Anyhow, as Irish pubs go, this is a good one. Enjoy!
over priced drinks. no thanks....pretty sure i'm in bergenfield, not manhattan.
This is one of the worst restaurants I've been to. My wife and I actually had come to this restaurant several times over the years and were satisfied with everything. A few years ago, TF had an Entertainment coupon. 2 months prior to the coupon expiring, they decided they were not going to honor it anymore. So we hadn't been back since. My wife insisted on getting Shepherd's Pie for St Patty's this past Sunday. Though I didn't want to go, she talked me into it. Their hours state they were open until 11pm. They serve Irish food all year round. You would think they would be better prepared. We arrived a bit after 7'pm. The manager/owner? told us there was no more corned beef. I thought the CB was overpriced anyway, so we weren't getting corned beef. My wife asked if they had Shepherd's Pie and he said yes. We stood waiting for a table for 20 minutes. After seating us, the waitress took 10 minutes to just come to the table. While talking to her, someone from the kitchen came by and said there was no more Shepherd's Pie. Ok, how can you call yourself an Irish pub, serve this food all year round, and run out on St Patty's Day with 3+ hours before closing? Like Michele C said, how can they be here so many years keeping people happy? You would think with all that experience in the past they would know how to stock food for a special Irish occasion. I told my wife we will NEVER go here again. I'm glad we didn't order anything. They're not getting another penny from me.
Awesome place. Have been thinking about coming for sometime, but a coupon actually pushed me into the place. Great food, excellent staff. Cannot wait to go again!!!
Great Irish pub nice atmosphere.
