The food was far from my normal healthy genre, but the mushroom chimichangas were awesome. Beer menu was vast and well categorized. I thought the boring beer category was a fun dig on the drab bud, and corona drinkers.
Great place for local bands and live music. Street parking only. They have a small variety of craft beers which is nice. Good amount of tables surrounding the stage plus a small upstairs area with more seating. Prices aren't ridiculously high but they're not cheap by any means. The temperature control was really off last time I was here. It was extremely warm by the bar and upstairs. Towards the middle it was fine. Very odd.
This is a nice, laid back place in the heart of Teaneck. The music is good, service is great, but my personal experience with the food and drink were less than favorable. This place has a definite hippie vibe as noted by the  tie dye peace sign tapestries hanging on the high walls. The waitstaff wear normal clothes, t shirts and jeans. Definitely a casual atmosphere. I went in last night with my sister to watch a pink floyd tribute band. The music was chill, and I was more than ready to relax with a couple of drinks and some yummy Mexican food. I started off with a bloody Mary. It's sad to say, but I've had bloody Marys made from ketchup that were better than this. There are some places that don't know what a good bloody Mary is all about, but this was literally just tomato juice with a splash of vodka. No horseradish, no Worcestershire sauce, no lemon juice, no salt, no pepper, and most shockingly no heat. I give them credit for not buying a pre-made mix, but they're missing about 6 ingredients. Despite my disappointment in the drink department, I went ahead and ordered some nachos. When they came out I was...confused. What the hell is this? In front of me was a plate with 8 small chips placed in a circle. Each was topped with a smear of refried beans and melted cheese. The salsa, sour cream and guac were in the middle. Usually a $9 order of nachos can be shared between a couple of people, but I was not about to offer anyone a bite. They tasted fine, but were no where near worth $9. One thing I can say is the service was great. Our server, Michael, was very attentive and smiled the whole time. He was constantly refilling our waters and checking on us. I had a good time listening to the music in their laid back atmosphere, but won't be rushing back any time soon.
A few nights ago my friends and I came here to see a couple of great bands play. I was first shocked at how much the cover charge was. We paid $15 per person which in my opinion is way too much. The place does have a great stage and dance floor, although our service was very poor. We weren't there to eat this time as we have had the food before and wasn't really impressed. Never once did anyone serve us drinks. We had to go to the bar for every drink even though we were at a table or two...here's where the low star rating comes in. We arrived while the first band was playing and took a table closer to the back. We did notice a few tables open up front, one with a reserved sign that remained open for quite a while. As it came closer to the time our friends band was going to play, we moved up front to be able to accommodate more friends that were coming. We had been sitting at this table for over 30 minutes when a man approached us very aggressively. He definitely seemed stressed and very rudely told us that this table was reserved and that if we didn't move immediately we would be kicked out. We started to apologize and explain that there was no reserved sign at this table. (Which he claimed "must have blown away") He continued to yell at a distance that was much too close and uncomfortable for me. When I didn't get up from my seat fast enough he then took my drink away. I asked to speak with the manager which he claimed he was. We did remove ourselves from the table as to not make a bigger scene than he had started and found ourselves another table. In all fairness, there could have been a nicer way to approach us. Not one of us would have had a problem if handled differently, especially when he screamed at me that the customer is never right! I hope that the way he handles himself isn't always in this manner or this business will suffer. All in all, I feel that If you are looking for a mediocre place to listen to some great music then this is your place.
I really liked this place. There is a lot of room to walk around and the space perfect for watching bands. The bar could be bigger and less crowded. The service is nice and the drinks are normal priced. I heard really bad things about the food though...a friend of mine who decided to order the steak hated it, but I didn't try it. I would like to come back here and see what another night is like.
A great place to see the local and traveling talent.   Smaller venue.  Went to see Elise Testone (from American idol) and brought along 8 friends. We didn't go there for the food, we went for the entertainment. Tickets needed to be purchased to attend, reservations had to be made for the tables and every table was taken. I don't blame the wait staff, I blame management for the bad service.  They did not hire enough help for a sold out evening.  We waited about 30 minutes before anyone took our orders and waited close to an hour for our food to come out.  When alcohol and food are your money maker (entertainment ticket only $15 )  you should be serving people quickly and refilling those drinks!   I personally was there for five hours and only had two drinks.  The staff was too busy and could not handle the crowd. When the show was over we sat for another 30 minutes waiting for our bill.  Unacceptable. I like the venue and the food we finally received was standard for bar food but management needs to step it up, hire more help and serve their customers well.
I only went here to watch my friend's band play but this venue was awful!!! The service was horrendous, the drinks were watered down and our waiter was the biggest jerk ever!!! On an only drink tab for $200 where the Mojitos were lemonade with mint leaves and we needed to send drinks back, our waiter chased us to our cars after we left a $20 tip looking for more money! My husband ended up giving him another $40 despite the fact that we had to send drinks back to be redone and did not want to cause a scene since our friends band play there. Will NEVER go back!!!! The service killed any hope of actually trying a place where the food and ambience might have been different.
Live music venues are really branching out to serve the needs of the people. For instance, when I'm listening to some pop/rock music I know that I'm craving some dinner and drinks. I don't want to sacrifice the music in favor of good food, or good food in favor of some banging tunes. Enter Mexicali. We were there to see our friends perform, but also to meet up for dinner and drinks, and to socialize with people that I hadn't seen in a while. The music was great (and not just my friend's band). Everyone that performed was very talented, and only did about 5 songs. The beauty of this was that even if it wasn't your style, there is someone new coming on in a few. It's also great exposure for some local artists. The beer selection was also pretty extensive. I got a kick out of the fact that certain standard beers were listed under "Boring Beers." Kind of awesome. The prices weren't terrible $6-8 per bottle, but they had a to choose from. The margarita was nothing special, so stick with beer. The hefeweisen was pretty solid. Everyone enjoyed ordering something different and trying a different brew each round. The food was good. Not spectacular, but it was solid. I had the veggie burger (clearly homemade) and slathered in avocado and a house pico de gallo and served with sweet potato fries ($10). The prices on the food were really reasonable for what you were getting. The fourth star really goes to ambiance. Very chill spot and we all had a blast.
Went here in 2011 for a Birthday Massacre concert - never expected to leave thinking as highly of the place as I did the bands. We arrived before any shows began, and as usual, we tried to find a spot we we'd be comfortable in for the night, since these places can get crowded and it was a small venue. In order to get seats, we'd have to order from the menu and since we were both hungry, it was ideal. We were seated on the balcony in the middle. With people behind and in front of us, it was a tight fit, but at least we were sitting! We were given nachos and salsa off the bat, which was nice tasting. Usually at places like this, they taste bland, but we both finished off this complimentary dish with ease. We both ordered burgers - cheeseburger for me and fries. Surprisingly, we finished off everything. By that time, the show was starting and we noticed there were open spots in front of us, so we asked the waiter if we could move and he said yes. Though they were reserved, we were told we could sit there until the reserves showed up - IF they showed up. The waiters were beyond gracious and unbelievably nice. I wish I had gotten names (but this was before I discovered Yelp). Even the front bouncer and bartender were nice - which is rare for venues like this across the board. Before the BM were set to perform, we were asked to get up since the people who reserved the spot came in and we found a standing spot at the front of the stage, which was absolutely perfect. I didn't get a chance to pay the bill when we got up, but I made my way to the waiter eventually and gave a much larger tip than I usually do. It wasn't the alcohol, since I wasn't drinking - but it was the fact that the waiters were so damn nice in here, it was almost unbelievable. After a great show, we stayed around for pictures with the band. Usually after shows like this, the staff understandably tries to get people out as fast as possible, but we were not rushed at all. Awesome place and highly recommended. Though small, this place has charm and I would definitely return if another show comes up.
I've only been here once so far but I am itching to get back. I went to see a band that I love but it won me over as a cool place to grab yummy grub and listen to music. My only complaint would have been very slow service...although the quality was definitely sufficient. I can imagine when the place is hoppin' , as it was on the night I went, it is hard to be attentive but I think there is still possibility for improvement. The beer selection is fantastic and my waiter was extremely knowledgable about the list. He made a suggestion based on my taste and I was very happy! The food I tried was delicious. I had the nacho appetizer which is not your average big greasy pile of chips but individually cooked chips with the perfect amount of toppings. I had the chicken tortilla soup and blue cheese slaw (ummmm why isn't this a bigger thing because it's amazing!) and was content with both selections. The price point is right and the vibe is nice. This is definitely the place to go for dinner and fun live music.
Came here on a Friday night for a show (Runaway Dorothy, Jackson Lynch, and Spirit Family Reunion) and was impressed by the venue. Had a chicken quesadilla, which was good but a bit overpriced for a small portion. Good beer selection at reasonable prices. Our waitress was quick to push together two tables for our large group and regularly checked in on us for food/drinks. Overall a cool atmosphere with the live music and young crowd, but I was surprised when the place closed down before midnight. Not sure if the low number of people was due to the bands playing that night or because of the bar's reputation. If this bar is closed before midnight on a Friday night it must not draw a regular crowd, which is surprising because it seems like a very fun place.
Went to see the band Dala. Atmosphere is casual. Great sound, no bad seats. Food is Texas Mexican with an accent on New Jersey.. Parking available in lot nearby. Prices reasonable. My only observation is that the venue doesn't really announce the beginning of the music so there is general conversation and waitstaff bustle at the beginning of the set. Dala is a quiet band with great harmonies so people blathering on cell phones and waitstaff taking orders detracted from the show's beginning.
We were at Mexicali Live on May 3rd, 2013, for their Fillmore Tribute Concert Series. The live music was excellent, great value-for-money given the number of bands that performed. I don't know what I was expecting when we bought our tickets, but I thought this place would be more like a small bar and a stage -- more divey and low-rent -- because the ticket prices were so reasonable and it's in suburban North Jersey, far enough away from NYC.  Boy, I was wrong!  The venue is a fantastic open floor plan restaurant with excellent drink choices, incredibly delicious food, and a nice sized stage with plenty of space to dance in front of it. Our drinks were delicious--margaritas and a vodka tea drink I don't quite remember the details of.  We shared a fantastic crab cake appetizer, and had enormous burritos for our entree.  All the food is fresh and well prepared. The waitstaff working that night were all friendly and knowledgeable, and despite the place being full for the performance, took excellent care of us. I love live music and good food and drink, so I definitely will be coming back when the opportunity presents itself.  If you like these things too, I would recommend giving this place a try.
I cant really review this place based on the food, as I didnt eat any of it - but when I was there for a concert the other night, I did get to see platters coming around for the patrons sitting through the show. What I can review about is their beer selection - which must have 50+ bottles in stock and other dozen or so on tap. The beer list changes often from what I gather, based on seasonal and special release beers. I drank a Racer X IPA (delicious) a few yeunglings (delicious, and cheap!), and Magic Hat Vinyl's ($5 a bottle, and very tasty) but of course I was only limited by my wallett and lessening ability to really think about what else I'd like to try. As a venue, the whole place is REALLY small. I like the intimacy of what this provides, but I can see that if a show is going to sell out the venue, not everyone is getting a great view, especially those trying to grab a drink (the bar is recessed back at the end of the dance floor, so if there's a crowd you'r view is totally f'ed). Otherwise, the  sound was very good, and the staff was really nice. I'm not going back here anytime soon, it's kindof out of the way for me - but its nice to have finally made it to this venue which I have heard so much about.
$12 for a Yuengling on a Wednesday night?  This is still Teaneck right?  The venue seems cool enough and the band that was playing was pretty decent.  I just can't my head around paying $12 for a draught beer.  For that price I can pick up a 12-pack of Yuengling and put on Pandora. Luckily my company made up for the robbery that took place at the bar. This is still Jersey son...
I love this place. Went here to hear a Grateful Dead cover band and had an awesome time. The atmosphere inviting, the drinks were reasonable, and the people were friendly. I never really listened to the Grateful Dead however, I found myself waving my hands like a hippie like the rest of the crowd. Also, the food is decent great menu for small bits with your drink.
This is a cool venue to see a band, but that's about it. The table service was terrible. We had 9 people and were with one of the bands performing during the evening. We sat there about a half hour without the slightest sign of a waitress coming to give us menus etc. It wasn't until I went over and spoke to a bartender about getting service that a waitress was sent over. We ordered our food and again had to wait a terribly long time to be served. The Mexican food is sub-par and the menu itself is boring. I tried to find a healthy option and settled on the Grilled Shrimp Salad minus the onions. They gave me 3 large shrimp. 3, along with a few slices of orange and a few slices of avocado, served over a bed of dressed greens. This for a dinner salad. It was like, could they spare it? The place is dark so you can barely see what you're eating. The bands/music was good and is really what makes this place worth coming to. There were 4 bands the night I was there. They have a nice size stage with a standing room/dancefoor area in front of it, a bar along the far back wall, upstairs seating, and a merch table along the side. The bathrooms were large and clean.
I adore this venue. Their food is very good and its a great place to see live music. I must give this tip though, if you are expecting to eat. Get there by 8:00 especially if there is going to be a crowd. They basically only have one seating for food and once you are at a table you can stay there the whole night. Which is great for the people who get there early but if you show up after 9:00, dont expect to eat. The kitchen closes at 10:00 sharp even on the weekends. Also you can reserve a table for big groups which is a plus. The red sangria is the best drink unless you like cool beer because they have a good variety of that as well. The menu is mostly Mexican but also offer burgers. I love the fajitas and also the enchiladas with mole sauce. Guacamole is awesome as well.
One of the most interesting (and somewhat sad) things about the NYC music scene is that the best venue to see live music is actually located across the river in New Jersey.  To start, this 300 person room named after a song often covered by the Grateful Dead boasts the following amenities/advantages over other local venues: - Shows are never sold past capacity. - Reasonably priced drinks - Great sight-lines from anywhere in the room - Easily the most brilliant sound of any venue in the area thanks to a powerful Meyer PA system and thousands of dollars of acoustic panels lining the walls and ceiling - You can even get some great Mexican/Southwest food to start your night off with a nice dinner or as a mid-show snack if you get the munchies and the kitchen is still open. However, there is one far more important attribute that separates Mexicali from other venues in the area. THEY ACTUALLY CARE ABOUT YOU HAVING A GOOD TIME! At a time when most venues are owned by large companies and shows are controlled by large promoters, Mexicali is a throwback run by one owner and a small local promoter.  You won't have large gruff bouncers yelling at you to line up the proper way outside the club while you await a pat-down that could double as a hernia check.  You won't have to deal with angry bartenders pouring watered down drinks.  Security is minimal and respectful without bouncers bullying their way with flashlights through patrons during the show.  And finally, when the show is over and the lights come on you will usually find the owner and promoter standing at the exit shaking hands with those departing while saying, "Thanks for coming out tonight."  When is that last time you saw that happen on the other side of the river?
Been here a few times, I wanted to give them 4 stars but the food just isn't there...YET Enter my plea: Dearest Mexicali, It's bar food. it does not take much to make it superb. Get some better recipes and let your chef's creativity flow. Think outside the box with some of your dishes. I would love to see a lettuce wrap(kinda PF Chang style...don't judge me, its just the easiest way to explain what i mean) on your menu. Your music is always great, the speakers aren't making your eardrums explode and usually there is room for everyone who wants to see a show. I recommend to those reading this, that you should come early and eat and drink on the balcony lounge area. Leather seats, nice tables, and you basically have your own private server up there. plus you get a great view of the whole place. I like that Mexicali has been going back to it's hippyish, fun loving, dead-head roots. We need a place like that in Teaneck other than Lark st. music. But all in all, this is an affordable place to bring friends, loved ones, and even family if the show is appropriate. Mexicali, ill be revisiting this post when i see a new menu.
Okay, I'm revising my last review. Feels like the current owner is going back and embracing the hippy/deadhead vibe this establishment once had under the original owners. Now with newly installed tie-dye's hanging on the walls and colorful fiesta flags hanging from the ceiling there's an overall warmth that Mexicali was missing recently. It appeared that the current owner at first tried to turn Mexicali into a harder-edge rock venue which felt wrong considering the original Mexicali was created out of the love for the Dead and now they are returning to how it once was... The staff had a friendlier vibe this time around, new workers, new life. The food is still mediocre but it was slightly better than the last few times I've eaten here. Music always sounds great in the room so now with the warmer vibe I'm beginning to feel better about Mexicali.
Toot, Chap and I returned to Mexicali last Thursday to catch Roger Clyne & The Peacemakers on their East Coast swing. After a bad experience with the food last time, this time we met at Tommy's in Jackson and ate there instead before heading up past the end of the NJTP to Teaneck. Just rating the place as a drinking, live music establishment results in a 5 star review. It's a small club, with a capacity of about 300 and on this night I would put the crowd at about 200 plus. It was definitely less crowded than last time we were here, but that made for a better time for us as we found a great spot at the "bar that isn't a bar". It looks like a very small, like 5 stools, bar, but there is no liquor or beer on the other side. To drink there you have to have a waitress serve you which was fine with us. From this spot we had a great view of the stage and accordingly, the band; there was an A/C duct blowing a cool breeze right down on us throughout the night; and our waitress was flat out beautiful. I wish I could remember her name but I had a couple of Tequila Sunrises at Tommy's; several varieties of beers here; shots of Cuervo Silver; and we were blazing up off and on outside as well, so her name eludes me. But she did a great job for us, and our tab, for drinks only, was around $110 with a 20% tip. We made some friends along the way and met JerzeyGirl, from the Bodeans chat boards. Oh yeah, and RCPM blew the roof off of the joint with their unique blend of Tex-Mex (Arizona-Mex?) hard rock, with a little mariachi touch! It's a little too far from us to say I'll be a regular, (I had court in Newark at 8:30 the next morning and didn't get home till like after 2am), but we are all definitely looking forward to returning for some good Rock N' Roll fun!
Super awkward layout.  As soon as you walk in, you are IN the entire place. Like walking into a high school gym turned into bar. The stage is right next to the front door so you turn into part of the "act" while you are paying the the cover charge and having a wrist band put on. Jack Daniels on the rocks $6.50  - watered down. Black walls, hippy tie-die art,  rock posters plastered everywhere. I can understand the appeal to some people. Its just not my thing to listen to bad live music at extremely high decibels for extended periods of time.
Great New Jersey Venue.  Looks to fit about 150 - 200 ppl.  Could be more.  The owner seated us, and we had a great dinner (Mexican theme) and some cocktails as the music started up.  The "talent" was top notch, and the bands were pretty good, too. On the night I was there we saw 3 original bands, and the place was pretty packed.
One of my friends buddies played here the other night and I ended up along for the ride..  My roomates are in a band as well so I have seen them play at a TON of crappy venues here and there but I gotta say as far as live music venues are concerned this one was pretty nice!   The first thing I noticed was there is not a bad seat in the house. Period.  You can see the stage from anywhere.. the place is basically a giant rectangular room but the stage is high enough that you can see well from the back and thee is also a little loft area up above with another great view of the stage.  The bands were good, the place did not get overly packed like a lot of other venues would.. There was also some pretty good beers (and a decent variety) of beers on tap along with other bottled selections..service was good as well..  I didnt get anything to eat unfortunately so I cant comment on the food.. Only loses points for 2 things..  TVs were super tiny - it was the nght of the subway series and I was literally right at the bar and the TVs were so small that I couldnt even see the score!  Also there is not much bar space at all...   I understand this place is billed as a live music venue but the staples of a rules of having a good bar call for at least 1 big TV right?   Also the prices were a bit out of hand.. My buddy bought a round (5 drinks - 3 bud or miller lites, 1 foreign draft, and a gin and tonic)  pretty sure it was $28 bucks!  Soo almost $6 per drink for what was mostly domestic bottles?  Pretty pricey, especially for Teanenck, NJ..
I've been here three times.  Once for a friends bands, another time when it was my band, and recently a third time to see a few signed artists. I personally love the place itself. The atmosphere is small, but very fun and relaxing. The music is usually good. They have a fully stocked bar. It makes it easy to meet/speak with the musicians after the show. This past time, my friends and I decided to grab a table cus we were exhausted and starving and it would be a while before the main acts start. It was pretty busy so we were seated upstairs (which I didnt mind, I could still see the musician and hold a conversation with friends) Our waitress appeared right away to take our orders and then we never saw her again until she came to collect the bill. We had to keep asking other waiters and staff, which kinda rubbed me the wrong way since they had their own tables and it was so busy. We were probably such an annoyance, but one particular waitress helped us out for the most part, and we were very thankful. The only thing is, we wanted to give the tip to the waitress who helped us, but it was the one who took our order who left with the check. So to sum this up... cool venue, talented musicians, nice bar, good food (though slightly overpriced) suggestion is if there is going to be a big act that night, don't under staff!
Great music to be heard!!
I don't think there is a bad seat in the house (minus the sunken bar area).  The wait staff is courteous and beer & food are plentiful.  Be prepared to wait for your order.  Place it whenever you get the chance & then be patient, this is a clube 1st, restaurant 2nd.  Be glad that the food arrives warm & the beer cold, sit down & enjoy the show. The sound and lighting are delightful & will make any act shine bright.
We love seeing our favorite band Stone Flower there..sometimes it takes a while to get your food and brew though!
Mexicali Live is an awesome venue to see live music. It has a large stage and great space for dancing and rejoicing. The backdrop of the stage is beautiful - every band plays under a clear, star-strewn stage. The sound is always solid and the cocktail/beer selection is good. They also have food if you go a little bit on the early side. I've never gone to Mexicali simply to eat, but I'm never disappointed if I dine before a show.
The have a lot of good beers in the bar at the back. Above the bar is a nice balcony area where I sat to watch the Skatalites perform a few nights ago. Drank some Anchor Steam beers, ate a pretty tasty chicken quesadilla 3/5, and the hot wings were 4/5. They have some tables on the ground level and booths against the wall. Crowd was loving the music and dancing in front of the stage. Had a good time, but I would have given them a 4 star if they had air conditioning on or at least some fans in the balcony area. It was pretty hot up there compared to the lower area. Definitely will come back next time a cool band comes through.
I was nicely surprised to find a great venue to hear good music in my neighborhood. They have a nice selection of Mexican food. The guacamole was good. I had a steak salad. The steak was great, cooked to order, the salad part was just OK, too much dressing. The waitress was good considering how many people were there. Drinks and food were reasonably priced. I'm hoping to go back for one of their jam sessions. This is a nice little hidden secret.
As a music lover and a relatively new guy to the North Jersey scene, I've got to send out some appreciative words to Mexicali Live Blues Cafe. Mexicali took me in when I was but a poor, shivering lad with no direction home. This bar/venue/eatery pulls in a great variety of music - blues, jam, country, hard-rock, soul, jazz & so on. Singer-songwriters are all over the event calendar, as are the occasional big names in blues-rock (e.g., Dave Mason, John Hammond). You'll find plenty of regional groups, band-members-gone-solo, tribute bands (my favorite being The The Band Band - 75% because of the music and 25% because of the band name), and you'll get your fair share of Grateful Dead/Phish jammy nights. And the Tuesday night blues jams don't hurt a bit. They're painless, in fact. The setting is intimate, the acoustics are good, and the views are great from pretty much anywhere in the room. The artists often mingle with the crowd, and, though I've seen this place fill up, I've never felt like a sardine. Drinks are reasonably priced, tickets usually aren't too expensive ( $12-20 for smaller acts, $25-35 for bigger names), and the atmosphere is pretty laid back. Sit at a table, or don't. Stand. See if I care! If it's an off night, leaning against the stage, rocking out, and petting the guitarist's shoes might get you some funny looks. But when it's packed, crowd the stage and dance away. Or you can hide in the bathroom if that's your thing. As for location: the nice thing about Mexicali is the fact that it's somewhat hidden. By that I mean Teaneck, NJ is not NYC. But you'll be able to find it. That's what The Google is for, no? Parking space are plentiful, free, and very close to the venue - I've never had a problem finding a space. (I have to admit I've never eaten here, so I can't help you pick an exciting dish. Expect some [hopefully tasty] Mexican fare.) Go! But first, check out their event calendar: mexicalilive.com
Great music, great beer selection, great location. Rock on.
I went to Mexacali Live for the first time this week, but I have to admit that some of the Yelp reviews made me very tentative. I was pleasantly surprised with what I found. I thought the sound in the venue was great, venue has lots of great views of the stage, the beer selection was AMAZING, the food was solid, and our waitress was super frinedly and attentive. There are very few places (even in NYC) where you can get all those components right in one venue (and I go to see a lot of shows.) The only downside was that someone parked behind our car in their lot and we were blocked in for 40 minutes at the end of the night while we scrambled to find the owner of the car. Apparently, the parking lot is only for employees, but I don't think it was clearly marked. So park on the street if you go. In any case, I'm excited to have found another venue to see shows. I'll be back.
Here's the REAL DEAL... This review is very specific to Friday night concert with Jon Mclaughlin. We all paid $15 to see the main act Jon Mclaughln. The venue is great (intimate) the food was fine and the staff pleasant. The issue is the opening act. I have never experienced anything like this in my life. The show started at 9pm and there was an opening act that was fine. We all sat there respectfully and listened and treated them with the dignity an artist deserves on stage. Okay. At 10ish Jon Mclauhlin came on. Who we all paid to see and was great. Humble and worked hard to give us a good show... BUT in the meantime the opening act went to the back bar and had the conceit to make some much noise along with their equally selfish friends that we couldnt hear the headliner. I HAVE NEVER SEEN SUCH A DIRESPECTFUL ACTION by an "fellow entertainers" They were politely "shoooshed" and I even saw a waitress come over to quiet them down... but their own self importance took precident. I still can't get over the disrespect that these people showed to the performer on stage. So unprofessional. So arrogant. I have to blame the mexicali somewhat for not getting them out sooner...as they all stolled out right in the middle of Jon Mclaughlins distracting again from the man on stage. It was great to see a perfomer like Jon Mclaughlin play a small venue like this but all I thought about (when I could hear myself think) was why would he come back here again after being so disrespected by his "opening act". In addition to that - let's all understand -- we TOLERATE your opening act. Again, TOLERATE. We sit there listening to a 5 minute mandolin instrumental (with some meaningless title) because we want you off the stage as soon as possible. Opening act: Understand that when we are sitting there the WORST 4 WORDS TO COME OUT OF YOUR MOUTHS IS "OUR NEXT SONG IS". Yet, we all sat there politely for you. We all sat there quietly for you. We all sat there respectfully for you. It's too bad you couldn't do the same.
Been here for several shows and it's a great location to see a band.  It's small enough to get a great view no matter where you stand, and doesn't get crowded to feel like everyone is standing on top of you.  All shows I've seen here have gone off without a problem.  That was until the other night when I saw Bad Manners.  There were major sound problems with the keyboard after the 2nd or 3rd song.  It wasn't cleared up till the set was almost over, and never seemed to be fully fixed.  I actually thought the keyboard player was going to throw something at the soundguy, he was getting pissed and the sound was awful. The main problem I have with Mexicali is the drink prices.  Do they realize they are in Jersey and not NYC?  $8 for a Marker's Mark and $16 for a double on the rocks?  $5 for a pint of Yuengling?  This is a domestic beer that most places sell for $3-4.  Bottle beers were warm and one was even skunked.  Bring a flask if you plan on drinking hard alcohol, your wallet will thank you.
Great local pub-club, especially for those nights you don't have the energy to go into Manhattan or Hoboken. Great Dead-Phishy-Riff-NoDepresion-type bands from around the country. I've seen a Johnny Cash trbute band that played at a tempo that was a bit fast. I could have sworn they were in a rush to get out of there. Fair prices on drinks and food. A decent cover charge at the door to cover the music, but it is well deserved, especially if it helps promote local live music. Just think about tolls, parking, etc. for those NYC trips. Not a bad seat in the house, this is a jewel in the rough that deserves your support.
In my opinion, Mexicali has all the ingredients for a good, local night out. Reasonably priced drinks with live music and good Mexican food is a favorable combination. Every time I look at the list of acts coming up I get impressed to see some big names. Nothing better than a big plate of tasty nachos during an intimate showing of some jazzy vibes. Even without music, this pace offers a fun time.
I did enjoy going here for my sisters birthday. The food was decent and the beer was cold. I am not a huge fan of local bands so the music for me was eh. I rather go a concert. But if you like local bands with decent food and cold beer, then you wont be disappointed.
I did enjoy going here for my sisters birthday. The food was decent and the beer was cold. I am not a huge fan of local bands so the music for me was eh. I rather go a concert. But if you like local bands with decent food and cold beer, then you wont be disappointed.
This review is for this place as a music venue, since I did not eat there.  It is a great space with good acoustics.  There is not a bad seat in the house, or you can stand at the bar in the back.  Even though that area is set down a couple of steps (below the balcony), it has a good view of the stage.  You can't be far from the stage.  The drinks are reasonably priced, though I certainly didn't get any heavy pours.  The music was very good both times I went there, even though I didn't know the artists.  The bathrooms were fine and a good size so I never had to wait.
5 stars for the bands (Yarn! Dangermuffin!) and the sound, 3 stars for the average Mexican fare. And what's up with $10 for a Makers Mark? Is this downtown Manhattan?
What a terrific venue to see a show! Intimate space, big stage, so you can get nice and close to the stage. Plus the owners book really cutting-edge artists--people one would typically see in NYC. What we had issues with the night we came to see our show was the venue had been booked for a 'School of Rock' type of performance...and while our reservation for dinner was for 7, the School of Rock was still in full swing when we arrived. We had to wait an hour before the venue cleared out and we could be seated for dinner. The place was somewhat chaotic and disorganized. While the help apologized to us about a 'mix up' on their end, we thought a venue that does this all the time could have things running a bit smoother. To the food: the main dishes were fine: I had a salad with grilled chicken, and my bf ordered a veggie burger. Watch out for dessert though: we paid $8  (more than NYC prices!) for a supposed apple crumble, which turned out to be a slice of apple pie sans crumble. And a very slender piece at that. What a bummer of a way to end what was otherwise a good night.
Went to mexa cali for new years 2012. I was a little apprehensive at first from the outside and location but I've heard such good things I had to give it a shot especially because Ike Willis would be playing. The waitstaff was great and the fact that they had matinee seating blew my mind, the whole place felt like i was in an underground venue or that could have been the alcohol talking. I never did get around to trying the food because i was too busy taking advantage of all that floor space to bop around and feel the music since its so close by I keep trying to make time to go again.
We came here tonight to see Ill Bill, Slaine, and DI Eclipse. We drove from Staten Island and had no trouble finding the place. Its in a very quaint town. Parking was abundant right near the venue and it was $15 to get in. We were pleasantly surprised upon walking in. It is a very small, intimate, and classy venue. We were greeted in a very friendly manner upon entering and were offered food and drinks before we could even sit down. There is a good amount of tables with candles, a quaint bar with TVs showing the Yanks game, and spotless bathrooms. The stage is very small and you can get right up in the performers faces. My boyfriend gave Ill Bill a high five at the end of the show. The performers with the opening acts mingle with the crowd and actually enjoy the show, instead of running off to their tour buses. The acoustics were great, as everyone else has mentioned, and even though it was a very small crowd we had a great time and would definitely see another show there!
I was at Mexicali years ago when it was called Mexicali Blues, and had  agood time then, but didn't eat, just had a beer or two. The place seems about the same to me, I didn't really notice a difference that prior reviews mentioned. We went to Mexicali last night to the Melissa Ferrick show (amazing!), and we had a great experience. Despite poor reviews, we decided to eat dinner there and have some drinks, and we were not disappointed. We had the mixed greens salad, which was really good. I got the classic chicken burrito and my partner got a cheeseburger with sweet potato fries - everything was great. The service was great and everything came out pretty fast. They also have an awesome beer selection and the only complaint I had about that was the drinks were pricey, not that it stopped me from getting a Sierra Nevada IPA. So overall, it's a fun casual place to go eat, get a few drinks and hear some good live music.
