Saw the Killers here - they were awesome of course. The venue?  Very nice.  Old fashioned, feels bigger than it is, and nostalgic.  I really liked the venue itself.  I was in the pit, so I can't comment on the seating. I must say, their ticketing sucked.  I'm not sure if it was the venue or if was how they wanted to do it for this event, but it sucked.  People stood in line outside, just to stand in another line inside to get their tix.  That doesn't make sense - let us walk to the window to get our tix!   Other than that, I liked the venue.  I'm not going to go back to it anytime soon, but that is because I'm never in the BX.
Recently took the trek over to The Paradise Theater in the Boogie-Down Bronx to check out an old-school hip-hop concert featuring Salt n' Pepa (and Spinderella!), Slick Rick, Grandmaster Melle Mel (and what I will generously call 'elements' of the Furious Five) hosted by Yo! MTV Raps OG, Ed Lover (and YES he did 'The Ed Lover'). As this was my first time to the historic Paradise Theater, I didn't know what to expect from the venue. Upon entry into the venue lobby and quietly nodded my head in silent approval at the expansive space and decidedly throwback (think 20's) decor. Ornate, old new york is what immediately came to mind. The wide, soaring staircase was something I haven't seen in a very long time! When we flashed our tickets and made our way to towards the front rows.....wow. To my left-statutes! To my right-cherubs! Above and around--Greco-Roman influence explosions! I had to stand there a minute to take it all it--I thought were just going to a random theater on Grand Concourse--not all of what I was talking in! I was quickly brought back down to current-day reality when the usher (Aunt Evelyn? Is that you?) started barked at people to get in their seats and clear the aisles. I didn't have any maintenance issues while I was there and had a great time uptown :)
Historically The Paradise Theater should have landmark status if it doesn't.  I'm glad to see that the old relic has been brought back to life.   The venue itself is very old but in good condition.  Depending on what show you choose will determine your total experience.  I went to see the O'Jays & Maze & Frankie Beverly and had a really good adult time.  Acoustics were good, entrainment top notch and the crowd was behaved & mature. Cut to 2012 for Fantasia, Charlie Wilson on Mothers Day & then Lil Kim the next weekend and things at the Paradise have gone down hill in only two years!  Mind you the entertainment was great, but the crowd was rowdy, standing in orchestra $100.00 seats and some folks smoking weed (uggghhh)!!!!!  C'mon, give me a break, sure I like to dance with the best of them, but hell, who wants to stand for two hours?  Straight hood.  A tad chaotic out front with little direction on which line to stand in and will call/pick up for tickets. The only plus is the cheap parking. All & all I'm glad that the Paradise is back  but it's just a matter of time before it becomes a run down shell again.
Went to see New Edition on January 1, 2012.   Show was supposed to start at 8pm.  When we arrived at 8pm there was a line around the block!  It was raining and they wouldn't let anyone in.  By 9pm we finally got into the lobby and then they held us there for another hour while we all waited to get into 3 doors.  Seemed very unsafe with all of those people crowded into this tiny lobby. Thank God there wasn't an emergency.   I couldn't understand the wait.  We all had assigned seats so what was the hold up?  They never explained and by 10pm the show finally started.   Of course New Edition was awesome and in the end it was worth it, but I would NEVER go back to this venue again.  Not worth the headache!
Saw The Killers here on 9/18 for their YouTube LiveStream courtesy of American Express and their "Unstaged" series. This is a series of shows where AMEX pairs up bands with well known directors and streams them online...The Killers chose to work with Werner Herzog for this particular show. Ok, now that I got the reason I was here out of the way, let's review - this show was "Will Call" for people who purchased their tickets online and lucked out with General Admission tickets. The "Will Call" folks were made to get their tickets at 5:37pm when doors were supposed to open at 5:30pm. Their process for this was messy and unorganized. People were made to step out of the line, get their tickets and wristbands and then proceed to get back in line in the correct order. I got there around 9:15am because I'm a HUGE Killers fan and wanted to make sure I was up front and center of the barricade throughout their performance. I'm 5ft tall and it's how I enjoy shows for bands I really like, sue me - but people were getting in front of me (and others!) who had no business skipping people, so of course a little drama ensued (erupted up in the very front, I was person #16, my section was drama - the very front of the line was a warz one, lol). After the line reformed it turned out that our pre-ripped tickets (ripped by the folks handing out tickets) should not have been ripped because now security couldn't scan their barcodes (insert eyeroll here). So we were instructed to walk in slowly and show our wristbands and tickets. Oooookay. Fast forward 45 minutes after everyone ran in like 8th graders on a last day of school, security kept selectively asking to see people's wristbands...personally I think if Will Call tickets were distributed when the box office opened or at least 30 minutes prior to doors and tickets not ripped then a lot of chaos could have been avoided. It's not Paradise Theater's first "Will Call" show, they should have a better system in place by now... Now for the show. I was exactly where I wanted to be, front and center right, pressed up the barricade. The theater is quite beautiful with a certain mod 1920's feel. It's big enough to house a bombastic performance as provided by The Killers, but felt small enough to create an intimate experience despite it being a sold out gig. The sound could have been better, venues like Roseland and Webster Hall surely excel in this area and I attend enough concerts that I've developed an ear for this sort of thing. Security was good in controlling the crowd which in all fairness didn't require much "controlling". I remember when this theater first popped up on my concert radar when I saw bands I liked booking shows here. My first reaction was, "Pffffft, I'm not going to the Bronx, I'll wait till they play in the city or Brooklyn again". Killers got me there and honestly, I commuted from Jackson Heights, Queens. It wasn't bad at all and I'd surely do it again. My experience here was definitely a solid 4 stars but I'm sure for most people a 3.5 or 3.
I'm sitting here sweating like a pig waiting for Frank Beverly & maze to perform, there is no ac and they are selling cocktails for $15 each. The tickets were $65 what a rip off!!!!! Avoid this place.
I saw the XX and The Weeknd here. I never would have found this place on my own. It's hidden way up in the Bronx but it's absolutely gorgeous inside and made for a pretty cool concert venue.
I saw the xx here in October and I thought the venue was awesome! The only complaint I have is their ticketing system. It doesn't make any sense to me that you would stand in a line outdoors to have your bags checked at security BEFORE you showed proof of admittance. Why is will call AFTER security? Other than that, everything was great. Not to mention, drinks were very cheap for a concert venue. I will definitely be coming back for another show sometime.
this is the e-mail i sent to the address listed on the site. went to see new edition on 1-2-12 Sunday night was the ABSOLUTE WORST  concert experience of my life. Trust my husband and I and all of the others that left before the show started will never be back. Sadly it will be another minority business down the drain. My husband and I came last year to see Ron Isley and the only issue we had was the fact you sold collard greens during intermission and let folks bring it back to their seats to waste every where. It was a very enjoyable time and looked forward to all of the upcoming acts that we would never get the opportunity to see else where. How does the New Edition show start at 8 and you are letting folks in at 8:15 after standing in line for over an hour in the pouring rain? Why wasn't any checked, no metal detector wands no pat downs, no one checked my purse, nothing. Someone ripped my ticket in half and said "Enjoy the show" Then, to get to our seats there is a mob of about 80 people trying to get through the door furthest to the bathrooms. WHY??? 9 pm we still waiting to get through the double doors inside the concert hall. Can we not walk to our seats on our own as grown adults an ask for help if we can't find the seat? Why are there all of these USELESS guys standing around with New Edition press badges and no one can help find a manager. All standing around looking clueless with a laminated lanyard around their neck. We find someone at the door and tell him its unsafe and someone if not everyone in here will be trampled on (does the Puffy City College event ring a bell) He told my husband I don't want to show you the manager cause you might punch him in the face and he told me to tell everyone no refunds?  Clearly this guy understood our frustration because we are not the only ones he encountered. I saw several other people walk out before we did. So happy I didn't see anything on the news about someone being killed or stampeded on. This is NOT how you treat people at all!! I head Mike Bivens and another from NE posted on Twitter that it was the worst meet and greet in 29 years. You need to make sure you NEVER EVER have those promoters back ever again! Everyone in that venue knew it was a sad situation. I take nothing away from it being a great show as I know NE are stand out performers but the lack of control was incredible. How do you have security guards sitting on stools outside. Shouldn't you be standing on your feet. My husband walked in and out the venue several times to talk to the cops and no one bothered to check him or his jacket. If he was a goon it would have been another story. Where do else do you see this happening at, not Nokia or any other venue. It's one thing to be seated in your seat and the show start late but this??? Not only did we post on Facebook but friends of ours posted as well about the horrible night. We even posted a pic of the lobby before we left from the stairs to show the chaos. I know the managers and owners are disgusted. To know you come so far to have something nice and its about to be run right into the drain. Never in my life have I seen such an utter mess! Jackie
