I was shopping at three cross county mall and we had a craving for something spicy. Took a look through my bookmarks and voila! thai shack. We roll up to the place and it literally is a shack. There are two small plastic tables outside with right chairs. The menu was pretty standard for a thai spot. We ordered the thai iced tea, curry puffs,chicken fried rice and a seafood pad ka pow. We asked for both items to be extra spicy. 28 bucks later... We were on our way back to westchester county. All the food smelled delicious and was nicely decorated in the containers. We took a few bites and were in paradise. They do not skimp on the spice when you ask for it!!! I did break a sweat eating it but this is what I desire when I have thai cuisine. If I don't sweat it ain't hot enough!!! Don't expect waiter service here but the couple behind the glass are a pleasure to talk to. If you don't have cash, you're not completely screwed. There is a shady looking ATM just outside the store front. We almost forgot about the curry puffs.... They were good but not quite exactly what I was expecting. I'll probably pass on those next time. The thai iced tea was a generous serving and I polished it off rather quickly... I'll be back!!!!
I love Thai food, this place is a must try, and a welcome sight to the area. Food is very tasty and not overly expensive.... good size portions also.
Thank you, Yelp! Today was just one of those days when I didn't feel like cooking (nevermind that I haven't seen the inside of a supermarket in a few weeks). I was looking for something nearby and naturally had to check the reviews on local spots. Had the Pad Ka Pow and was not disappointed. I will have to order the curry puffs next time.
Just go.  Do not let the fact that it's an actual snack deter you, the food is AMAZING.  Curry puffs, shrimp rolls, Thai iced tea, garlic scallops.  I could go on.  The food is fresh and prepared to your specifications.  I love everything spicy and my bf can barely tolerate black pepper we both got our needs met.  Thai shack is run by a nice couple and has a couple of tables right out front.  It doesn't look like much but trust me if u go once you'll be back.
Yonkers was lacking a good thai place until this little shack came into the scene. I got green curry and pad thai both was tasty and fulfilling.  Definitely will return for more thai goodness .
It's high time I wrote a review for this place. It's a take out only and cash only. Having said that,the food is nothing but amazing. The price is pretty reasonable and the quantity fulfilling.you can get a masaman curry with extra rice and spring rolls for just below 20$.  MUST TRY are curry puffs,spring rolls,masaman curry and pineapple curry. Even as am typing the name of the curry,can't help but salivate. The one dish that I dint like much was tom yum soup. It was too sour for my taste. GREAT PLACE FOR VEGETARIANS.
Fantastic food at very decent prices. You won't be disappointed with the portion size. A must visit if in the Yonkers area.
O.M.G. I can't say enough about this "shack". I came for the Pad Thai, but ordered the red curry chicken, crispy wings, and crispy ribs. The red curry still gives me pleasant dreams, spicy pleasant dreams. And the crispy appetizers were good enough to order double portions as a meal! This is my first review, and it took a shack to pull one out of me! I LOVE THIS PLACE.
Man, I cannot say enough good things about this place! Located right off of I-87 and across from Empire City, you will find the best Thai food in all of the tri-state area! Run by Pik and her husband, you cannot go wrong with this authentic menu. Lets talk apps. Crispy Ribs! So tasty and a hint of spice, you'll be in pork heaven. My other favorite is the beef satay. So tasty and cooked well. The curry puffs are so awesome. It's like a rib-sticking pastry of deliciousness. As for the courses, the red curry dishes are amazing and they have the best, seriously the best, Pad Thai I have ever devoured.  However, my absolute favorite is the pineapple fried rice. Heft chunks of pineapple, with your choice of meat (I believe chicken goes best), with fresh scallions and a hint of heat, I tend to order this EVERY time, regardless of whatever else I ordered. Sure, it's literally a booth by the highway, but on a nice day/night, you can sit under the awning and enjoy the day with great food. This is a great spot and has quickly become one of my favorites, as I eat there about once a week.
Little gem of a mostly takeout food shop (there are a couple tables out front) with just delicious food. We are sad on Monday's because they are closed. So far i'ver tried and really enjoyed the curry puffs, the yellow curry, the pineapple curry. The dishes have a nice assortment of veggies in them with whatever meat you choose to add (chicken for me) and a tasty and not too spicy sauce. I am sure those of you who like it hotter just need to make that request. I always get the Thai iced tea as well. I am from out of town but I try to time my visits to the area so that I can stop for food on the way in/out of town.
This is the first time I have had Thai food. Love the curry puffs!!!!!!!!! Also had the Pad Tai mm mm mm. I will definitely be back.
I want to try this amazingness that is Thai Shack but have driven by 3 times only to find it closed. Could you post business hours outside of your shop and also on Yelp? Update- I've just been able to try Thai Shack and it is delicious! Super fresh, great portion sizes and the Pad Thai specifically is made with tons of fresh vegetables and care! When it's not 90degs, I will try the curry :-)
Yowzers! The neatest thai food in town. Defintely my favorite lunch spot. Shack prices but palace tastes.
This is the best place you haven't tried yet!!!! My girlfriend and I went to try the Thai Shack for dinner and we were not disappointed. The chicken pad thai and thai red curry with chicken and jasmine rice were absolutely delicious. We also had the curry puffs and spring rolls and they were the bee's knees. The shack seems to be run by only a husband and wife but service is very quick and pleasant. The prices are not expensive, giving you more money to gamble away at the casino across the freeway. We would highly recommend this place and go back anytime!
This place is awesome.  What a great little spot.  We came in looking for thai in the area and the stellar reviews did this place justice.  Curry puffs were great; the papaya salad was nice and spicy and full of fresh seafood.  And the curry masaman was so creamy without being overly rich.  I have some of the best NYC thai by me in Queens, and this place BROUGHT IT.  YUM.
I went to find this place and it was indeed a cozy corner by the curb across the gasoline Station. I met the owner and his girlfriend and they were truly amazing. The shuck is and their kitchen is well maintained, clean and neat looking. They have 2 sets if tables in front. They prepare the dish on away that it satisfies our cravings. An authentic Thai recipes that not only it's reasonable price but How it was prepared with excellence. The tom yum soup was pretty appetizing that every dish is made from scratch.. It's spiciness is definitely a major impact of their dishes. They deliver on a bike nearby ..So be sure to give the owner a good tip. Love their food, great people.. A must try with all their dishes. You'll definitely enjoy. 5 star..
This adorable shack tucked away out of plain site across from the Raceway Casino is just the kind of cultural blast of flavors Yonkers needs. The food is hands down some of the most flavorful Thai i have come across in comparison to Manhattans overrated Thai institutions. If you want food that is cooked with love and flavors that invigorate your tastebuds, I suggest you make multiple visits here.
Authentic Thai takeout in Yonkers. If you don't like spicy food, stick with the mild dishes or ask them to try and tone it down. Don't order a spicy dish here thinking of a Chinese take out level of spicy. Like I said, it is authentic. Entrees are in the $10-$12 range and are quite generous. Will skip the spring rolls next time and try the curry puff or go straight to the main event. Finally, must get the Thai iced tea. Perfect ratio of condensed milk to strong tea.
Driven by this place 100's of times without ever knowing it was there - thanks Yelp for putting it on my radar as something to check out. It may be the best Thai in Yonkers, but is only average overall. The curry puffs and spicy chicken wings are good, but I benchmark Thai places on their green papaya salads which are simple in concept, but challenging in execution. Seeing theirs go into a big mortar for a pounding, I was optimistic that theirs would be excellent. Unfortunately, it fell flat without particularly assertive or balanced seasoning. I will call ahead for some quick curry puffs in the future, though.
I love this place not only for the home cooked Thai food but for the people who run it. They are great, personable and show the urgency in wanting to get it right with an immaculately clean kitchen. I honestly have to say I've been pleased with every dish I've had, about 10 in all so far and I seek food out and have dined at most of the Thai restaurants in NYC, Long Island and Westchester.  In terms of wanting to get it right, practically everything is made from scratch. Even the Satay is made from breaking peanuts out of their shells, grinding them down to make the sauce. Most restaurants cut corners in using peanut butter and you can definitely taste the difference. They are the real deal. Tom Yum soup is a constant request from coworkers and might be the best I've ever had, as well as the Pad See Ew. I love their curries and even brought over a Vendor even if they didn't have seats at the time to take to the office and he was blown away, he had the Green Curry w/ Chicken and Spring Rolls. The spice is clean and ingredients are fresh as well as a great price for what you get! I'm so glad you are in my area and a welcome edition to Yonkers bringing authentic taste to broaden our palettes. I wish I had pics of everything but here was my last lunch... I hope I get this right without the menu in front of me...Tom Yum soup, Crispy Ribs, Red Curry w/ Chicken (Lunch Special), Pad Kee Moa w/ Chicken (Lunch Special). Also just had the Grilled Beef today, delicious and ordered upon request from another coworker who craved it. I plan to try everything on their menu. Happy Eating!
In the Yonkers area there's really no Thai restaurants that are close by.  Especially when I need a fix for Thai red curry, or Pad Thai. I'm always looking for a good Thai space to open up. While visiting my comic book shop I happen to see "Thai Shack" menus on the counter and took one for myself. I asked how did they like the food and they said they order from them constantly. Well that peeked my interests right away. Now, normally I like Thai food to be authentic as possible, if it was meant to be real spicy, then that's how I want to eat it. But normally when you go to a restaurant they water it down for American pallets. Not here, we had the "Pad Gra Pow" with chicken. Man it was spicy goodness. And the beef "Masaman" was peanutty goodness served with sweet potatoes. The menu is pretty diverse for a small place. That in itself is quite fantastic. My next dish to try is the Chicken and ginger soup "Dom Kai Gai". It's Thai comfort food. It won't be the last time I stop by. *Call ahead to pick up your order and it will be ready for u.
Just the best Thai food you can possibly get.  The female Chef (owner?) has all fresh ingredients, she is very nice, fast paced and cooks entirely magnificent, and she is her own boss!  I finally had the chance to stop by, look through the menu and ordered me some red curry shrimp.  The lady is very nice and she cooks incredible!  Fresh seafood, fresh veggies, fresh ingredients.  The curry dish was excellent and served with fluffy soft jasmine rice.  Absolutely NO sauce is needed on the side, because this is a curry dish (and don't you ever put anything over the jasmine rice other than the curry). Very delicious, mouth watering- oh I can't wait to return.  Lots of items on the menu including Pad Thai, glass noodles, satay, scallops and many more. Five out of five, all day, everyday!  Please check out The Thai Shack, it's southbound central ave right after Yonkers ave on the right, next to the gas station and Chevy car dealer!
Great little take out only spot hidden on central park Ave across from Empire City. Came across it on yelp and just ordered our normal thai dishes.  We got curry puffs to start, and the wife got chicken red curry and I got drunken noodles with chicken (pad kee mow). The curry puffs had great flavor, but were a tad greasy.  Also, they looked more like Samosas than any curry puff I've ever seen.  The sweet chili dipping sauce was awesome. My wife's red curry chicken dish was great.  Very deep flavors and chicken was nice and tender. My drunken noodles were good, not great.  Lots of flavor but SUPER spicy.  I'm indian and love spicy foods, but this was a bit over the top, and I didnt ask for spicy.  In fact I didnt say anything, so caution to the non-spice lovers, ask for it mild and add hot sauce (see pro tip) as needed.  Overall it was a bit dry, unlike most drunken noodles I've had before. Owner is super friendly,  had a nice chat with him about his business and how it's been going in the 4 months since they've been open. Overall I will definitely return.  Solid food, friendly owners, local business, and very reasonable price - $25 total for two entrees and 1 app. Pro tip: cash only, delivery (via bike) in local area only, ask for the green chile+fish sauce hot sauce
Absolutely delicious Thai flat noodle dish! We enjoy everything there and the portions are really big!! Just love a quick and delicious meal there. It's like in Thailand. Sitting next to a busy street enjoying some meal!! We are always coming back
Found them on Yelp and saw the great reviews so I tried them out and was not disappointed. Good menu options and the Pad See Ew was great. Try them out.
Great little diamond in the rough . Best Thai food in the area Very authentic  great flavor friendly .
Fantastic, and my lunch was only $6.50.  She even made it without coconut so I could stay on my diet.  What a find!
The food here is very good. We found it to be way more flavorful than what we are used to with Thai food, and we are no experts in Thai cuisine but this food seems more rustic and authentic with hefty portions of fresh vegetables and meats. It's a unique set up for take-out and delivery only, basically a walk up window, but it's definitely worth the trip to and from.
The food here is just amazing. Always so fresh and delicious. The staff is very kind and helpful when wanting to try something new.
This is the best Thai food I've ever had.  The ingredients are always fresh and the service is always quick. It's spicier than usual, but, then again, this is Thai food. Finally we've got great Thai in Yonkers!  Enjoy! PS:  It's really just a shack.  They only do take-out.
Finally. A great local Thai spot. While it really is a shack and only has two tables at which to sit (outside), it has the menu and quality of a full scale restaurant. Be sure to bring cash, my understanding is they are cash only. I've been three times already - you won't be disappointed!
Obsessed. My green curry with chicken and curry puffs were cooked to order, while I had a nice chat with the lovely owners about the magic that is curry chips.  Place is tiny and immaculate, and portions are perfect for next-day leftovers (which I'm currently heating up at work for lunch!).  Will definitely be back to try some of the noodle dishes - pad see ew I am coming for you!!
Delicious. There are a few near misses on the menu but overall this place hits it out of the park. Make sure you get at least one order of the egg fried rice with your meal, so worth it.
You have to try this place. I have eaten in a lot of good Thai restaurants but was blown away by this place. Great food at a great price and great portions too. I will be back very soon!
Read the reviews online- when I got there with my boyfriend it was this tiny roadside shack next to a truck parking lot. Boy are looks deceiving! I lived in Thailand awhile back, I have to say the food was wonderful and just like true Thai food! We ordered the meal for two special $29.50 two soups, two appetizers, two entrees fantastic! Highly recommended!
I found them on Yelp and must say the food lived up to the reviews I read before we decided to try The Thai Shack. We had curry puffs, Chicken massaman curry and Chicken satay. All delicious. I had sauce left over from the chicken massaman and had it over the rice the next day.  It was a meal on its own. Wish the owners much success. They seem to be on their  way to establishing a great following!
Very welcome addition to the Yonkers food scene! These guys just opened a couple of weeks ago, and I've been 3 times already. It's a food stand kind of a setup, not a sit down restaurant, although they have some seating outside. The chef is a Thai native, and it shows. So far I've worked my through the Pad Kee Mao, Massaman Curry and Chicken Satay. All first class. Tip: call ahead for pickup and they'll have your order ready to go.
One of the best Thai places I've eaten in in Westchester County. It is small and take out only, but they have a couple outside tables and chairs to eat Al fresco if the weather is nice. The service couldn't be friendlier and more helpful, and the kitchen organized and fresh. The Chicken Larb, and Ground Pork salad is spicy fresh and phenomenal. As are all the other dishes I have tried, I have been there already 3 times in the last 2 weeks. All the produce used in each dish always looks super fresh as if bought that day. So don't hesitate and go order some food, you won't be disappointed.
Love this place.  She cooks with a passion and that reflects the amazing taste of her food.
Not a fan of Thai food. Wife loves it so I had to try something for her. Went with her one day and met Reggie who reviewed this place as well. He suggested the crispy wings and they were on the money. Wife had the shrimp pad Thai and said it was delicious and filling. Plan on trying more dishes.
Had a great experience twice.Get the shrimp basil. The best Thai we have EVER had!!!
Went there for the second time and ordered chicken pad ka pow, it's great. It came with fried egg. The taste is authentic and delicious but probably too spicy for most Americans not familiar with the non watered down Thai food so please ask. Service is fast but call ahead for even faster service. Slow down or you may miss it, I missed it the first time around. Please note this is a window counter,  no seating unless you are willing to sit outdoor next to a busy highway. The first time I ordered fried rice. Mmm yummy. I am going back there today for dinner take out. What should I order?
I just stopped in to order food. The service was great. The style was so unique. It reminded me of real authentic Thai food many moons ago when I lived in Thailand. Loved the food!!!!!!!!!! Awesome!!!!!!!!!!! It was so authentic and delicious and fresh and clean. YUYMMY!!!! My new favorite place.  I have not had any Thai food this good in all of NYC and let alone since I lived in Thailand.............
I'm embarrassed by how often I come here -- to the point that the owners know me by name. They always talk me into trying something different if they see I'm ordering the same thing too often, which is nice. Now on to the food, it's fresh and made to order. Which means you have to wait so call ahead or be prepared to wait. The food is fresh and delicious. You can also ask if they'll make a special dish with ingredients not on the menu. If they have it, they'll oblige. They only deliver anywhere that can be accessed on bike locally and take cash. There's an ATM in front of the shack that gives out money in five dollar bills. There are 2 tables out front. My only gripe is that the orders that have special requests aren't always met. For example: if you ask for no tomatoes or no chilies, double check.
After reading all the great reviews I went with my adult daughter to take out some Thai food.  he shrimp pad thai was on the sweet side and the noodles were a bit soggy.  The limes were hidden underneath the noodles so by the time I realized limes were includes they were soggy and steamed so could not use to squeeze on my dish.  I asked for the green chili fish sauce on the side but wasn't a fan of the taste.  As recommended I also tried the pineapple fried rice which was good.   I make pad thai at home and use palm sugar, tarmarind, fish sauce and lime juice and it's never been as sweet.   Maybe that is the true Thai-way, I don't know but I know what I like.  I may return to give it another try.
