Always a great meal with good service. Last time I was here, had the lamb two way special- amazing.
What a treat. My husband and I went for dinner. I had the short ribs and my husband had the quail. For dessert, my favorite part of any meal, was the warm Valrhona chocolate cake, which was just yummy! The service was welcoming; everyone was very attentive. The views are beautiful and the atmosphere is warm.  We will definitely be returning.
Another Peter Kelly home run.  Scrumptious food with great views of the Hudson River.  The service is excellent and Billy, the sommelier, suggests great parings for every course. The desserts are awesome so make sure to leave room for them.
We had a fantastic meal there saturday night. The service was great and the view of the Hudson river was spectacular. Try the short ribs. The cowboy steak won Peter Kelly the Iron Chef competition. It's a huge portion even for 2 people.
We can't say enough good things about this restaurant! It's without a doubt our new favorite. The wait staff is amazing..professional but not stuffy. The location is second to none. The interior is just as exceptional. And the food? Exceptional! I had the short ribs and my boyfriend had the trout..both amazing. The butternut squash flan was the shining star though. The red velvet cake was good. The warm chocolate cake was very dark chocolatey. Not my favorite type of chocolate but definitely my boyfriend's. All in all, we loved it and will definitely be back..soon!
Eh. Bar was nice, drinks were so-so but delicious cheese selections. Dining room could be cozier and feel less like a catering hall.  Didn't feel at all like fine dining.
One of the most beautiful restaurants in Yonkers....beautiful views of Hudson River and Palisades, beautiful food, beautiful restaurant and lounge.  A true destination restaurant.
The baguettes and the blue cheese biscuits we were given at first were delicious. We started with the Big Eye Tuna Tartar with Sicilian Pistachios Morrocan Dates & Alleppo Pepper. I thought it lacked a bit of salt. It really wasn't anything special and it would have been better if it was served with bread or something. For dinner I had the Bay Scallops with Butternut Squash Risotto. I thought the scallops were perfectly cooked. The outside was nicely caramelized. The risotto was ok, nothing to write home about. My husband had the Grilled Prime NY Sirloin with Truffled Potato Puree with Leaf Spinach. The potato puree was delicious and creamy. The meat was really well seasoned and well cooked. I definitely liked his meal better than mine. For dessert, I had a cappuccino which came with two delicious cookies. They were almost like almond biscotti, but I'm not sure because they weren't listed on the menu. My husband and I shared a Frozen Caramel Souffle. It was really caramel ice cream shaped like a souffle. Good but REALLY sweet. One is definitely enough for two people. In fact, we couldn't even finish it. I don't think we we go back for dinner because it is pretty pricey, but we'll definitely try the happy hour for some small plates.
Good service, decent food. Great view. A little pricey.
We tried Xaviars for the first time on New Year's Eve. I have wanted to try this restaurant forever, but after reading the reviews by fellow Yelpers regarding the service and going on a holiday with a prix fixe menu, I really didn't have high hopes. Our experience was stellar from start to finish. There is street parking and valet parking which the hostess validates as soon as you come into the restaurant. The space is gorgeous--high ceilings, glass on three sides to take in the wonderful views. As soon as we were seated, we were offered drinks. When they were served, we were presented with a lovely amuse bouche of perfectly cooked shrimp atop a round of toast with pesto and red pepper sauce garnish. The bread that was served was a choice of an individual French baguette or a blue cheese biscuit. Both were delicious and offered again as we finished them. There was a choice of 6-8 items for each course. Most of the appetizers were seafood and my husband has a seafood allergy. He asked if the chittara pasta could be prepared without the crab and they were happy to oblige asking what type of sauce he'd prefer. He asked for pesto and was presented with a beautiful plate topped with grissini bread sticks. Two of us had pate with crostini and a salad of frisee with a light vinaigrette and pomegranate, and the fourth had risotto with a generous topping of black truffles. The entrees chosen were roast duckling with a plum glaze, ginger sweet potato puree and bok choy, another was short ribs served over parsnip puree, and two of us ordered lamb topped with a mousseline of spinach and sweetbreads in a phyllo crust sitting on a bed of couscous with haricot vert. On to the desserts. We all had a different dessert and tasted all of them. One was a lemon Napoleon. The filling was perfect, light and ethereal, not too lemony, not too sweet sandwiched between layers of a crisp, paper thin caramel tasting pastry? cookie? There was a blueberry cobbler--very tasty, a timbale of chocolate mousse and caramel coated with chocolate ganache and garnished with a crisp chocolate cookie, and last but not least, the chef's whimsical take on a Buche de Noel which was phyllo rolled into a log filled with chocolate ganache, which oozed out when cut and garnished with meringue mushrooms. When the check was brought to the table, it was presented with individual white chocolate tarts. This prix fixe meal was $80. per person. I would consider this a bargain. The  service we experienced was impeccable.
We went here for our 4 year wedding anniversary dinner.  Being that it was our first time there, we had no clue what to expect.  It wasn't crowded.  We were placed at a table that had a nice view of the river.  It was a dreary, overcast evening, so we couldn't enjoy or really see a sunset but the service, food & inside atmosphere made it all worthwhile.  The food was amazing.  The service was wonderful.  We enjoyed X20 so much.  One of most memorable and favorite special places to go for a romantic evening out.
We celebrated our anniversary here with the prix fixe lunch and couldn't have asked for a better experience!  The restaurant itself is lovely and the views stunning.   I had the Yonkers chowder as a starter.  It was a generous serving with delicious shrimp and mussels.  My husband had the mushroom ravioli and raved about them. For our entrees we had the pork loin and Hudson Valley chicken.  Both were incredible! At this point we were stuffed but dessert came along: caramel flan for him and a peanut butter brownie sundae for me.  Somehow I managed to finish the whole thing.  Might have been the best dessert I have ever had!  We enjoyed a perfect bottle of white bordeaux along with our meal. The service was impeccable and we were lucky enough to meet Peter Kelly who came out and visited each table during lunch.  He was so sweet and gracious.   This may have been the best meal for $25 I have ever had.  Truly a perfect experience in every way!
The Mrs. and I drove from Kingston, to have dinner at X2O based on the reviews and local press. We were not disappointed. The eatery sits square over the Hudson River on the Yonkers waterfront. Try not to panic when passing through the hoody areas on your way through Yonkers. Think of it as part of the experience.  We were greeted by friendly people inside and ushered upstairs to our table. The table had both great North and Southern views of the busy Hudson waterway. The table was a bit odd though as it seemed to have 14 sets of legs. I know (because I looked) it only had four but no matter where we seemed to position ourselves we seemed to be making contact with legs under the table. I wonder if the upstairs is used more for catering and the tables up there are the collapsible type? Eventually each of us found a crevice and settled in. Our station was being handled by two waiters. The first to greet us was Shawn who was a happy gracious sort, who made the evening a bit more special and relaxed. Unfortunately his cohort that evening was a disappointment. He was rather fidgety and had trouble remembering let along reciting the evenings specials. The Mrs. commented that he was probably distracted because he was more concerned about having to meet his dealer at the end of the evening. He was really that bad. If not for the amazing Shawn we would have had a true disaster on our hands. A shame when you think that everything else at this lovely eatery is spot on. We ordered a round of Prosecco to get the evening rolling, which as stated in other reviews was poured at the table. Our apps were well done and initially the timing felt a bit rushed. Things did slow down a bit to a manageable pace but only because Mr. Fidgety took forever to take our wine order. We ordered the "The Beaux Freres Vineyard" Pinot Noir and it was a great choice with our entrees. For apps we had the Lump Crab Flan ( excellent), and the Braised Short Rid Ravioli (sublime). For mains we had Halibut (very good, cooked perfectly but Mrs. said it needed sauce... I disagree), and the Pork Chop with Pork Belly (amazing). We finished off the evening with the Meringue "Dacquoise" (very good). The espresso, we thought, was not the best we have had, but now were nit picking. So all in all the spot is amazing, the menu / food is interesting and well executed and of course aside from Mr. Fidgety the staff was knowledgeable and attentive. We enjoyed X2O. We think next time we would love to try the Dylan lounge and the sushi bar. This place is not a one trick pony and that's good news for folks like us that have to travel across the tundra of the frigid north (Mid-Hudson Valley) to get there.
I recently went to X20 for a birthday dinner, and while it was very good, it wasn't at the top of my experiences in Peter Kelley's restaurants.  On the plus-side: great view, beautiful space (while it's a large room, you're not overpowered by noise - acoustics were very good, at our table for four we could all speak comfortably - unlike many restaurants where you need to shout to be heard), service was impeccable but not stuffy or overbearing.   The consensus from our party was that the food was good - but not what we would expect from Chef Kelley.  Compared to my previous experiences at Freelance Cage, Xavier's, and Restaurant X - this just didn't seem special.   Perhaps it's because many other restaurants in the Hudson Valley have become effective imitators of Kelley?  I can't quite put my finger on it.   I had wanted to go there and come out and say "WOW - that was awesome."   Instead, my reaction was - Hmm... that was good; but not super-memorable.   I ordered the Porcini Crusted Saddle of Lamb - which was perfectly cooked, and very tender... but it seemed that the porcini crust was missing... My wife ordered the swordfish, and she said it was overcooked and dry.  Another of our party ordered the salmon; and while the fish was certainly fresh, I had a small taste, and tasted no different than the teriyaki salmon I grill at home. I will say kudos to Kelley for bringing an establishment like this to Yonkers, though and helping to revitalize the area - bringing more people into the area, and providing local jobs!   I would go back there, but wouldn't necessarily be my first choice.
Mr. Kelly has oversized himself here. The other restaurants in the group are smaller. And much better than this overpriced catering hall. What a drag! Stay in Piermont NY at his two other places and you will not be dissapointed! I gave X2O 2 stars only cuz of the views, otherwise it would be 1-, sorry Peter!
We were very disappointed in our most recent visit. We went about a year ago and loved it, but now I'm not so sure we'll be coming back. I got the duck and the skin was not crispy at all, just fatty and rubbery. It was served with some really limp-looking Chinese broccoli and mashed sweet potatoes that looked like baby food. My husband got the short ribs, and his plate was very unappetizing looking; the whole plate was brown. Nothing green to freshen it up a bit. The sweet potato chips on top were burned to a crisp, and the "tempura-style" cauliflower (also brown) must have been fried at the wrong temperature because they were absolutely drenched in grease. My husband actually felt bad after we got home; he said he felt the same way you feel after you eat a cheap, greasy burger. You should not feel that way after eating at a place like X2O. If you're going to a restaurant for a fine dining experience, you expect not only taste, but presentation and variation in textures. Without the crispy duck skin, my plate lacked in texture (all mushy), and my husband's plate lacked in presentation. And both lacked quite a bit in taste. Now, my husband actually told the waiter why we weren't very happy, and I cannot fault the service at all. They couldn't have been more apologetic, they got us new plates, and gave us an extra desert at the end. I didn't say so, but I actually didn't want them to replace my plate. I didn't want to say this in front of the server, but I didn't want a new plate because I didn't think they could do better, and it would just be a waste of food. And I was right. It wasn't a problem of being overdone or underdone, it was method. They did get the skin a little bit crispy the second time around, but only by over-cooking the meat. They simply weren't scoring the skin or rendering the fat to allow the skin to crisp.   It wasn't all bad, our appetizers were good, and the dessert was great. They did give us an extra dessert, which we asked them to wrap up for us, and they put it in a tin and put it in a paper bag *sideways* so that it leaked through the bag. *sigh.* I just expected a lot more from them, and was very disappointed.
Simply outstanding! This place does nothing wrong! I defy you to find something to complain about. I highly recommend X20!
Great food, fantastic view, and stellar service. I went there for restaurant week in 2010 with family. It was an amazing experience. Will definately go again!!!!!!!!
Upon arriving promptly at 5:00 pm, our table was not ready and we were requested to wait in the bar area which is something we do not like to do unless we arrive very early. Although we were the very first to arrive at the restaurant, we were disturbed to see that several other guests who arrived at the bar after us were seated ahead of us. This did not go over well with either myself or my wife. The host probably asked our name four times before we were seated. The table was very nice with a beautiful view of the Hudson River. The food, however, was just mediocre. My wife ordered salmon at $30.00 for the entree alone and the fish was devoid of any taste but was rather bland and very much under cooked.
You want good food? Great views? Romantic dim lighting? great experienced professional staff?an occasional view of Chef Peter kelly ? then this is it- One of my favorite restaurants-I first went for some Cocktails on the lounge area where if you like, you can order food there as well,( no reservations are needed if  you're going to dine in lounge area) you can see chefs making fresh sushi. the bartender was super friendly, the view perfect! After two cocktails, we went for our 7pm reservation, this is when i saw Chef Peter kelly and offcourse went up to him to shake his hand and tell him , it was my first time there and i was looking forward to it, he was nice and warm. ( i should've taken my cam *shucks* Now i have to say, the food was amazing! I am still craving for the appetizer I had ( sushi dish with yellowtail mango and avacado) sooo delish! we ordered a nice bottle of white wine, and thoroughly ennjoyed our evening- Peter Kelly did come by to our table to ask us if we enjoyed our food.....Yes definitely!! after dinner,my experience was so good I did not want the night to end, so I ended up by the bar again...this time i let the bartender make me any cocktail drink he wanted!! cheers!!
Went here on a Groupon.  Of course the view was awesome.  Service was good.  I just didn't think the food was worth the prices.  I had a $30 piece of salmon.  I could have made it like that at home.  Just not overly impressed with the food is all I have to say.
We had a mid-week reservation at 8PM, and they still had not seated us by 8:30pm! They offered our party of 4  no cocktail while waiting, nor an apology.  The manager was defensive and dismissive when we complained after waiting for 35 minutes. Once we were seated at 8:45, the service was incredibly slow and the temperature of the restaurant was freezing!  We drove home with the heater on, and this was in July!!  Food was simply, ok, but nothing spectacular.  They brought one small piece of bread once during the meal, and our waiter was never to be found except for delivery of the meal itself.  The only reason to come to this place is for the great view they have.  The owners should think of getting a manager trained in the hospitality industry--especially considering the prices they charge.
Went here for my 5 year anniversary with my boyfriend a couple weeks back.  The views of the hudson were beautiful.  I called to make a reservation a day prior and mentioned it was my anniversary and that we would like a table by the window.  The hostess said she would try her best, but it didn't happen.  We were seated farther from the windows but I was so happy to out with my boyfriend celebrating that I didn't mind.  We had the cowboy steak for two and it was amazing.  I would go back just for that alone.  The waitstaff was attentive to our needs and were always filling our water glasses or offering more bread.  The dessert was amazing also.  We had a cheese cake with raspberries.  The only thing I wish was that the hostess took note that I mentioned it was our anniversary and let our server know.  Regardless, the food is amazing and I would go back in a heartbeat!
THIS IS A CONTINUATION OF MY PREVIOUS POST as 5000 words were not enough to describe the horror of an experience I endured at X20...we last off saying they offered one piece each of cold bread for a 1/4 stick of butter on the table and never offered anymore thereafter. For appetizers my girlfriend ordered the brazed beef ravioli that she thoroughly enjoyed, I ordered a lobster knish which was tasty but small. Entrees my girlfriend ordered the quail- there were a few small leg pieces and two actual meat pieces- one of the pieces was cooked medium well while the other piece was cooked rare. My girlfriend became confused and was fearful of eating the rare piece for fear of becoming sick bc she wasn't sure how it was suppose to be cooked since the other piece was cooked medium well. We asked the waiter and he stated it should be cooked rare..well then why was the other piece medium well? very disappointing. I ordered the braised beef- as another commentator wrote on here it is not a very esthetically pleasing dish as it is literally all brown. There is a decent size chunk of beef on the plate but a lot of fatty garbage meat that I had to separate like a world renoun surgeon. The beef was not as flavorful as I had anticipated in fact it was rather bland! There's a thick brown gravy sauce over the beef so I am dumbfounded how bland it tasted. The cauliflower tasted better but it too had a brown sauce doused all over it but I did find it to be more enjoyable. We ordered a $50 bottle of Ciantti which went very well with the meal. The server only refilled our glasses one time after the initial fill which was not good service in my opinion. Another thing about the wine- there already was white wine glasses already set at our table- we ordered red- instead of doing the right thing and exchanging the glasses for red ones he poured our RED wine into the white glasses. Admittedly I did not notice this till midway through the meal. We skipped desert as we really just wanted to leave as soon as possible. The final bill came out to $154 with a $25 tip..for paying close to $200 I expect a better dish and special attention to details which X20 is lacking severely. I was better off going to the Cheese Cake Factory. This place was a nightmare!
Awesome food and views, try and catch them on a prix fixe or special to save some $$.
This restaurant is gorgeous !!! Nicely decorated, and beautiful view....although it's probably even better in autumn when the leaves are changing =) We went before 2 pm, so we were too early for sushi (which is what we went for), but we just ordered off the 3 course prix fixe menu. I had a fig/prosciutto/goat cheese salad, and I liked the combo of sweet and salty...I hadn't had prosciutto before so I liked it. Then I had cod over a corn salad (?), which was really good...the cod was well cooked. My dessert was flan with fresh fruit, yummy, but not as caramelly as I would have liked. My bf had mushroom ravioli (yummy yummy yummy), pork with polenta and swiss chard, and chocolate cake with pistachio ice cream. Maybe I'm just not used to pork, but I thought it was a little on the tougher side. I hadn't had polenta either, so it was interesting. Overall, it was a great meal, everyone was very friendly, and the restaurant was beautiful. I can't wait to go back for their sushi =)
I'm a wine professional and have dined regularly at Peter's other fine restaurants.  I think X2O is his crowning achievement.  First the building is wonderful, I can only imagine how much it cost to build such a structure of glass, steel and woodwork...truly a major investment towards the gentrification of Yonkers.  My wife and I were seated facing the south wall of windows and the view of the GW Bridge lit up and the Hudson river coast line were magical...that warrants 5 stars right off the bat.   The ambience is comfortable to almost cozy, the main dining room has vaulted ceilings but the architects did their homework and the carpeting and textiles strewn throughout muffles the buzz of the many tables.  The lighting was easy on the eyes and balanced enough to read the menu's.  X2O has a well put together wine list with some nice esoteric selections typically omitted by snobby restaurants catering to expense accounts(I credit this to Billy Ratner, Peter's wine guy).  Normally I would have ordered from the wine list but being that it was my birthday I decided to bring a special bottle that I had been itching to try with their cuisine.  X2O has a reasonable $25 corkage fee and the staff treated my bottle with the same attention as if if came from their cellar...I even spied one of their sommeliers diligently cleaning sediment off the top of the bottle before decanting it for us.  The appetizer list was comprehensive and broad enough that I might just graze off of it next time.  The hit was my wife's dish,  a combination of grilled bone marrow topped with escargot...sublime!  My appetizer was the only experience that night that was not memorable...a very nicely plated pate that was pleasant but should have had more flavor.  I hope the next time they offer a Foie Gras dish instead.  For main courses my wife had a delicious rack cut pork chop that was perfectly tender, seasoned just right and served with a creamy polenta, I had the braised short ribs served over a potato puree...outstanding.  I have to note that the fried cauliflower side was crunchy, sweet and addictive.  On top of that we ordered a side of creamed spinach and I have to say that it beats Peter Lugers!  For dessert we split the chocolate praline tart served with Hazelnut Mousseline, Florentine Cookie & Honey Ice Cream...a text book perfect dish that was plated like a piece of art in MoMa and harmonious in all the ingredients.  In closing I look forward to going back soon and trying the Cowboy Ribeye for two that numerous people told me is a must.  Who needs Manhattan when we have restaurants like this in the suburbs.
Good food and great views up and down the Hudson. It's pretty hard to find this place and even harder to get back to the highway. We has a tasting menu which was very tasty. The seafood dishes were the strongest.
We always have a great dining experience here, but the last time we dined, the overall experience wasn't as memorable. At least not in a good way. Two of us were seated at a round table. When I realized that I couldn't sit in b/c the leg of the table was a T-bar type and I was seated in front of that T-bar, I asked the server (actually he had a suit on so I'm not sure if he was a manager. There were two of them in suits), he seemed a bit annoyed. I could have scooted my chair then my husband and I would have been seated next to each other rather than across from each other. Once the table was turned, my husband ended up with one of the T-bar leg on his knee. This time, we just turned the table ourselves. There wasn't much smile while being served during our entire meal. At this price, I would want at least a grin.
OK, so it's not in a convenient location, unless you live in Yonkers, but the setting is terrific on the Hudson with views of the GW Bridge, the Pallisades and the water from every spot.  The aged Cowboy Ribeye for two was perfect, though you could share it for three and still have leftovers.  Scallops this time of year can be wonderful and X2O has found the right purveyor and has prepared them perfectly.  And the Hog Chop (a strange, less appetizing term for pork chop) was juicy and tender and flavorful with a sauce with some sweetness.  All in all, the food is quite good, close to excellent, the views and setting fabulous and the service decent.  And about the location, Metro North is about a 3 minute walk and the trains make it easy to reach the City (28 minutes to Grand Central) and most of Westchester.  A great place for a special occasion.
Unfortunately my most recent experience was less-than perfect due to the first few minutes.   When I arrived two people simply barked at me "use the valet?!?" and "NAME?!". Not a smile, not a 'hello', just barking questions. I almost walked out, but it was my anniversary dinner.  The service at dinner is outstanding, so they really need to fix the issues at the front desk.  Scallop sashimi was incredible, risotto fantastic, Trout wonderful, and pork delicious but forgettable.  I'm disappointed but I'll come back since I love the food.  Shame about the unfriendly beginning though. Bothers me.
this review goes back to a small birthday get together in 2008/9 but this was probably the best meal i've had to date. i started with a tuna/wasabi app. that was amazing. ended up sharing the steak with a family member, and we were both full half way into it. it was overall just a great night, and a wonderful addition to the Yonkers Waterside
The food is good. The service is good. No, you can't beat the views. But at the end of the day, it's overpriced, a bit arrogant and over-rated.
I was glad to read the review about how filthy the Yonkers location was, beacause I was planning to go there since the Piermont restaurant looks so dirty.  I let them know my feelings about the exterior, but to no avail.  Forget it.
The girlfriend took me here for a pre-Valentine's dinner last year. This is Chef Peter Kelly has quite a nice little collection of restaurants in the Westchester/Rockland area and hearing of all the positive reviews about X20, his newest, I was eager to go. Well, the retaurant itself, which is right on the water, is very odd-looking. The service was great...very professional staff. The appetizer of sweetbreads was very small, maybe three small sweetbreads ,though I love sweetbreads and they were good, not the best I've had. I had venison for an entree. The venison was outstandingly flavorful and tender, like filet mignon, not gamey at all. Perfectly cooked with a red wine sauce. Again, the portion was a bit small, and I hardly got any pureed potato(just a spoonful basically) or vegetables (I think I got like 1 baby carrot and one asparagus). I think Chef Kelly should be more concerned with us eating our veggies and not skimp so much. I'm giving this three stars because everything was solid, except for ther venison- which was great- and the service was good, but I feel the food was a bit boring. Three stars is not a bad thing, though, and I would like to try it again sometime.
Great food, great views excellent service.  Would be five stars but I had to slow down the servers who seemed to want to flip the table.  We will be back!  Short ribs were delicious and the shrimp was outstanding.
Enjoyed a great meal during restaurant week. Black truffle risotto to start, braised short ribs for entree and warm bread pudding for dessert. Nice glass of sangiovese paired perfectly. Great meal, beautiful view and professional service.  First class place. Looking forward to returning.
Past it's prime. We went here to celebrate our 1st year wedding anniversary.  It was not what we expected.  While a beautiful setting, it was not as romantic as we would have liked, with the cacophony of other diners reverberating in the cavernous space.  The windows were a bit grimy with bird feces and that was not appetizing to view through to the Hudson while we pursued the very tattered menus. We started off with cocktails that were expertly made by the bar (dirty martini and old fashioned).  Apps included toro tartar special in a cool tea broth (excellent and fresh), grilled octopus (very very tasty) and the seafood chowder (very good flavors).  Our meal consisted of the pork duo - very good, with a pork belly piece with soft inner and crunchy outer with kimchi reduction and pork loin with a sweet and rich sauce duo.  Crisp greens - very good pairing of flavors.  We also tried the Veal scalopene done a la "Oscar" with a wine reduction and a rich lump crab sauce, also included a side of spaetzle.  Very good taste, but sooo rich and overly salted crab.  Also, they went a little crazy with the green onion garnish.   Got delicious coffee and green tea broule for dessert.  Very much close to heaven.   While the service is outstanding, the place itself needed maintenance.   We were up in the Hudson from Brooklyn, and the food was great, but not much write home about considering the options we have here, and the ambience was more casual than we expected.
Ambiance was 5 star. Beautiful views...service was very good as well. Air conditioning was extremely cold..very uncomfortable . Asked to turn it and they never did. Food was simple. Not much flavor in all the dishes. Short ribs were sparse with the cauliflower overdone and outweigh the ribs...paid for the cauliflower ! Fish was very boring as well...to bad because the place has amazing views..just needs an amazing chef!
We celebrated my wife's b'day at X20 with great anticipation. We've been to Xaviers and Restaurant X in the past, a few times. X20 was nice room, acceptable service and very well executed meal. What set us off however was at the very start of the meal. After we received our apitizers, we noticed the diners at the table right next to us receive an amuse bouche. We questioned this with our waiter who quickly appeared as if he was being interegated for some serious crime and was obviously not being honest making up some lame execuse. The right thing for him to do of course would have been to either bring our table the amuse bouche too OR promise to make it up to us with a cocktail, dessert or whatever. Anyway, not to make more of it than it was, but was found his behavior oddly ameturish and a bit unprofessional.
We watched Anthony Bourdain (No Reservations on the Travel Channel) have lunch with Bill Murray at X2O a few weeks ago and really wanted to try this place. We went there for Brunch this Sunday and... well, it was less than we'd hoped for. I suppose Anthony and Bill got Peter Kelly's undivided attention and although Mr. Kelly was in the entrance way to greet us as we entered... I'm sure our food did not get the same quality of attention as theirs did. I went there with my wife and 15 year old son... who's an aspiring food critic. (at least we hope so!) The restaurant itself is VERY cool ("Spectacular" as another reviewer describes) and very much worth the trip to Yonkers all by itself. The appetizers were very good. My wife had the spinach with tuna which she enjoyed, I had a daily special... the seared scallops with creamy polenta (Yummy!) and my son had a seafood chowder which he gobbled up very quickly, so I took that to be a good review. My wife had the pork tenderloin, which she questioned why... since she's not a big pork loin fan, but after tasting a bit of hers, I thought it was quite good.. tasty and tender. (My wife may not like pork loin much, but I sure do!) I had the skirt steak and have to say... I make a better skirt steak that what I was served. While tasty... it was tough and chewy. (and the very cool looking 'steak' knife our waiter warned me couldn't cut warm butter!) My skirt steak is (marinated for 10 to 20 minutes tops, by no sauce) is always 'melt in your mouth' good and always gets rave reviews from company that may be over. I will say that I usually cook all my steaks and chops on charcoal grill out on the deck, so maybe that's the difference. My son had the glazed Chinook salmon with vegetable Lo Mein, which he found very tasty and satisfying. X2O also serves some 'extras'... a baby lamb chop (served cold and a bit TOO rare)... nice sized coconut shrimps which were over cooked... a wild mushroom 'ravioli' (I thought it was more of a dumpling or gyoza) which was tasty... and finally a crispy tuna roll which was just, "ok." For desert I had a strawberry parfait which I enjoyed. My wife and son had the "Warm Callebaut Chocolate Cake" (a chocolate muffin) that they said was dry and needed the pistachio ice cream and sauce that came with it. Overall... I don't know. I was just expecting more... and a little 'better.' The presentation was excellent and the service was very attentive. It was just the quality of some of the meals that did not live up to the hype I've seen about X2O. Oh! The champagne was liberally served... so that was a very nice 'plus'. I do want to try his other restaurants in Piermont and Congers, NY. I'm looking forward to those... Maybe the chef(s) had a bad day on Sunday. I would like to give X2O another shot.
The views are spectacular, the service is amazing and the food is incredible.  Best brunch experience.
I can't say anything negative about this restaurant.  Service is impeccable!  Food is Incredible! Decor/Location is breathtaking...and if you want to be more casual the Dylan lounge is just a great place to chill and hang out.  I can say positive things about almost everything on the menu.  The Red Velvet is the best thing I've eaten in a long long time!  The lounge menu is delish!  The specials are incredibly creative (think venison with mole and spatzle!).  It's a great spot for a special occasion or just to hang in the bar and watch the game with sushi and Peter Kelly despite his talent and star appeal is one of the nicest and most genuine chef's I've ever met!
Amazing food, amazing views, small portions, over price for the area, but close enought to get out of NYC Wine selection is good The only problem is its in Yonkers, Would go back for a special occasion
We love this place, and who would have thought on the water in Yonkers! OK a bit snotty but whatever. The decor and setting is great with diners feeling they're on a boat in the Hudson or almost; the menu humongous, the portions too generous and they keep offering samples of other foods once you're seated at many meals, though not lunch. Chef Kelly often roams the dining room, greeting guests at dinner. The prices are fair, too, and we had one big birthday dinner here at a long table and it was just perfect. We wish we lived closer. This is a true find to return to often. I could give it a fifth store but try to reserve those for really innovative--this is good, steady, dependable food not out of the ordinary. We came for lunch recently and weren't as wowed as at dinner and brunch; the choices were far limited, the bread served cold, not warm, and the desserts actually pretty mediocre! But we'll come back for dinner or brunch for sure; better choices for this venue.
Food was very good. I had the duck and he had the special fish. The service was good, though one sever did not know forks are on the left etc. My star rating is low due to the failure to maintain the decor/furnishings: badly nicked chairs, scratched wall, rusting stairs, peeling wallpaper & teapot missing a top in the lid. Other neglected items were dead bulbs in several chandeliers upstairs, tattered menus and a dinner plate that should have been retired long ago. The more I looked around, the more I saw problems. It continued right out the front door as the brickwork is badly broken and two large garbage bags were near the entry.  I waited for my car and chatted with another couple and we all agreed it was disappointing to see the neglect. I sincerely hope this will turn around.
What a totally wretched experience I had there! Used to adore the place so decided to go for b-day with mom.  She had to send her food back twice b/c no matter how we explained it stone cold eggs just don't taste good! On the 3rd try they just cooked the eggs until they were rock hard.  Meal took forever b/c of this, so we nearly missed our train had to get dessert to go and then coat check forgot to return all our items!  They weren't sorry about this either. Manager never returned countless emails about this either. Total nighmare. Spend your money elsewhere!
I' ve  been to X2O many times and each time my food experience has been extraordinary, with Peter Kelly being a generous host, especially if we were celebrating a special occasion. I am writing this review because of the valet parking.  For the first time, at least that I noticed, the $ 4 plus in toll and parking change was missing from my glove compartment.  I only noticed it because I specifically had the change for the toll on the ride home.  I want any readers of this review to be weary of leaving any valuables or cash in the car since I know now, one or more of the attendants can't be trusted.  This certainly can't take away any of the stars from the food experience.
Great view, horrible service, horrible food... enough said! Staaayyyyy Awaaaayyyyy!
I thought X2O was a very nice restaurant and with beautiful views of the Hudson river. The food was delicious and the staff was wonderful.
Like so many others, took advantage of X2O's participation in Hudson ValleyRestaurant Week to experience this marvelous place.  Ambiance and view are unsurpassed - Definitely would recommend a visit on a clear day to fully enjoy the views!  Service was prompt, professional and friendly - our server, Chase, was instrumental in making our visits enjoyable - she is a true jewel. Food? Unbelievable"!!! The duck was magnificent, the truffle and green onion risotto incredible, the best dessert was the lemon creme dish ( can't remember it's name but wanted more).  We tasted all four meals at our table- all were simply delicious. Last year we visited Restaurant X - and enjoyed it but X2O is definitely Peter Kelly's crowning jewel! Visit again and as often as we can afford!
Beautiful spot, wonderful owner & staff. For me the food is just ok & should be mind-blowing to match the bill. The view makes up for it but I recommend going for lunch special or restaurant week to give it a try. Hope it improves frankly bc I was recently there on a beautiful summer Thursday evening and it was empty :( time to make some changes Peter
I went during Restaurant Week and it was really good.  Great food, attentive staff and fantastic view.  If you're looking for a nice dinner in this area, this is the place to go.
3.5 stars for Xaviars Fantastic location right on the Hudson River. Valet parking right out front at a discounted rate if you're eating at Xaviars (be sure to get your ticket validated when you walk in with the hostess). We started out with a couple of appetizers. My wife had the big eye tuna tartar with Sicilian pistachios Moroccan dates & alleppo Pepper. I ordered the fresh conchigliette pasta with spicy crab crustacean sauce, toasted crumbs grissini  & green onion. Both apps were good however, the pasta app had very little crab meat in it. For entrees I ordered the  braised short rib of beef with parsnip puree and crispy cauliflower chili & onion crus. I enjoyed it and thought the short ribs were flavorful and "cut with a fork tender". My wife ordered the wild king salmon with samjang glaze, lo mein & shitake dashi baby bok choy; very tasty! We opted to skip dessert. I probably would have given Xaviars 4 stars but when ordering wine by the glass; the waiter seemed hesitant to bend his wrist while pouring. In other words the pours were less generous than most restaurants I've been to. He even asked me if I wanted a second glass while I still had  it a quarter filled. He then proceeded to only fill it halfway. I thought that was pretty lame when I'm coughing up $15 per glass. I don't know, maybe he had a sprained wrist! Overall I'm not sure if it was worth the 50 minute drive for me.
I was completely disappointed from the reviews that I read.  The service was incredibly slow and the restaraunt wasn't busy.  We had to ask to place our beverage order, then we had to ask to place our food order.  When the food arrived, it was warm at best.  I believe the server must not have known it was ready and it say waiting for us.
I've been here many times. The food is always excellent, and the service and Chef Kelly are always more than hospitable. This is perhaps my favourite restaurant.
When I get visitor's from Northern Europe, they expect a good steak in the US. I don't like chain steak houses, so I instead brought visitors to Xaviers' twice and each time my meat eating friends were happy with the choice and ambiente. Despite the small steak menu, they loved the food. Veggie and plant lovers have a harder time. I was desperate to get a bowl of leafy greens as a starter and I am not big on cheese in my salad. I ordered the beet salad just to get a flat tray with ricotta and a tiny number of beet pieces nailed into the cheese dish. Please don't call a salad when it is not! For great veg choices I would come back more often and enjoy the setting. Otherwise I would just bring steak hungry company once a year. Tables in the dining room with sunset or city views have an incredible ambiente. For an elegant eatery this place is surprisingly affordable. I have heard great reviews about the brunches...
Of course, the ambiance was wonderful. The service 3 star Michelin, even the busboy Benjamin was beyond exemplary. In fact, thankfully Benjamin was able to heat the rock solid freezing butter. I have been here several times and never tasted the butter because it was too hard. It turns out it is good butter. The seafood crepe was fabulous. My salmon was so fresh and cooked perfectly. The glaze was great. I will be back soon because of this special salmon. We love the place, but I am always asking myself why the butter is so cold as if it were from a local diner!
I've been to X20 a few times and the service is always outstanding. The polenta is simply delicious as is the risotto. I usually order the sirloin steak with potatoe puree and spinach. The meat is most definitely prime and nicely seasoned. They used a bit too much garlic in the spinach...but that's just my preference. I've also ordered the cowboy ribeye for two and was very disappointed by it. I think I just got a bad cut though, because everyone else brags about it. The waiter also did a horrible job slicing it for us. Instead of slices, he cut square chunks like for a beef stew. Maybe just an off night, but I've never ordered it again. The desserts are interesting and different. The chocolate Valrhona cake is very good.
If heading north from the big apple this is a definite bucket place to have dinner and impress.  Giving 5 stars is enough to admit this  restruant is a home run.  Try to hit it at sunset and another star can be added.
What can I say?  Peter Kelly never disappoints.  It's always a special treat to go to X2O!  Went back there for my son's 20th birthday Wednesday night.  The restaurant is beautiful, the food is awesome, the view is incredible, and the people who work there are professionals - friendly & attentive.  One of the best restaurants in the New York metro area that everyone should experience at least once.  Thanks Peter!
I love this place. Great food for an even better value. The lunch menu is awesome and the weekend brunch is superb. A solid, consistent menu coupled with a spectacular view make this an ideal spot for a business meal, date or outing with family and friends.
Went there last week for an anniversary dinner. They get 4 stars for great service and gorgeous views. Food unfortunately gets 3 stars. It wasn't terrible but for a $200 meal, it really could have been much better. We got the bone marrow and pate to start. Bone marrow was delicious, pate I was not a big fan (they put pistachios in it which of course is just a palate preference) but my husband really liked it. He got the sweetbreads entre, per my request, and they really were not impressive at all. Mainly because they were overcooked to the point of dry. Sweetbreads should be lightly cooked so that they are tender and flavorful and this was just poorly cooked. I got the soft shell crab special. They were good, not great. Fresh at least but really small. They're in season now so I was hoping for some whales but no luck. Trio of ice cream for dessert was good. Again, overall a good meal, not great. Probably would not go back again but for the one time, it was a nice dining experience. I just get so disappointed when the food doesn't live up to the setting though.
I moved to New York a couple of days ago and this restaurant is right next to my apartment. I love steaks and after reading all of the reviews regarding this place, I figured why not try it. So my friend and I decided to come here after I got off of work since it was  next to my new apartment. The restaurant is located right on the Hudson and the inside was nicely decorated to appeal to the more upscale crowd. We were seated in the bar area and took a booth in the corner. The views of the surrounding area was beautiful but since I lived right next to it, it looks just like the view from my apartment. I was pretty hungry so I ordered the cowboy ribeye so my friend and I could split it. Maybe I was expecting a lot since it was rather expensive but I was not that impressed with the taste and texture of the meat. My friend seemed to enjoy it but it was lacking in flavor to me. The service was prompt and the waiter was efficient and on task. Would I come back here? Probably to give it one more chance and maybe to try their sushi.
I decided to pick this place because it was recommended by the show "No Reservations" with Anthony Bordain.  My wife and I were celebrating Valentines Day.  The decor of the place is Modern and what makes it nice is it wasn't packed with people especially on Valentines Day and it was by the water.  The food was nice....we had the Valentines Day pre-fix.  The only reason why I gave this place 3 stars is because I wanted to taste other things on the regular menu and I was not able to since it was Valentines Day.  Also it just seemed too robotic as far as what was served and how it was served.  It's like appetizer: Check, now for main course: Check, then dessert: Check, ready for Check: Check.  It would have been better if the wait staff was more friendly and attentive as oppose to just doing everything, "according to plan".  We were seated by the window which had a great view of the GWB but it was too dark to see anything else.  I guess that is why seating by the water in NYC can get more expensive cause the view is alot nicer with all the city lights.  What I really enjoyed was the foi gras wrapped in sashimi.  We also had the pleasure of meeting Chef Peter Kelly which was great.   I would like to go back to try more things and hopefully I can give a more thorough review of the food.  My only advice before you go eat at this restaurant is to do it on a normal day and when the sun is still out so you can really enjoy the view and what the chef really has to offer.
Wednesday Night, Party of 4, Dylan Bar Room as Main Dining Room was full. FOOD GRADE: 72.5% Food: 72.5% ------ Uni Sushi - 80 (biased towards uni) White Tuna - 70 3 Fish Seaweed Salad - 70 Rib-eye for Two - 85 Shrimp Roll - 60 Quail - 70 Service: 70% ------ The service started somewhat rocky and awkward. Plates weren't cleared, and the waiter was a little bit too careless with placing food, plates, and utensils down. He knocked a couple of things off the table. He was not rude but seemed inexperienced. He made up for it towards the end where service ran much more smoothly. Ambience: 90% ------ The Dylan Bar room looks exactly like any other adjacent lounge to an upscale dining room. Clean lines, not too dim, and nice floor to ceiling windows. Value: 95% ------ The sushi was incredibly affordable compared to other places. Entrees ran for 30-40 each but were very substantial.
Underwhelmed.  Perhaps the kitchen was having an off night, or Peter Kelly hasn't shown up here in a while.  I dined alone on a business trip - maybe that accounts for the waiter barely paying attention to me vs. larger parties - but on the other hand they have a very odd server model with one ill-dressed fellow with a hard to understand accent running around trying to be the head waiter - then the minions fill glasses, deliver food, etc - but if you want something half of them don't seem to speak english.  Really, the service was pretty bad - on a Tuesday night.  Back to the food - had 3 different appetizer plates.  The scallops were OK but I can cook better at home.  Love fava beans - but they were like rubber.  The ragu ravioli I had high hopes for but the meat was dry, tough and undersauced, and the ravioli was amazingly bad and rubbery - clearly hadn't just been made that day.  The pork belly was, well, downright tough instead of melt in your mouth like well-prepared pork belly should be.  When I stopped in the bar area for a little bit prior to leaving all the bartenders and servers were fighting with each other and slamming things around, right in front of the customers - really, is anyone managing this place?  At least I enjoyed the evening view of the Hudson...
I've been waving to visit Xaviar's for a while now. The menu looked great, the reviews were really good, and it's right on the Hudson river with some excellent views. The only issue with this place is that the service is hit or miss. The hostess was perfect since she directed us to the bar while our table was readied, however the drinks we ordered at the bar never materialized during our few minutes wait. Hmm... We were seated at a good table right next to the windows and had a great unobstructed view of the southern Hudson river, and then we waited and waited for a server. We probably waited about 20 mins before we ever ordered appetizers. Now the place was packed and I believe there was a private party upstairs, but things didn't get better until Katey/Kelly/the cool blonde showed up. Service aside, the food was absolutely prefect. Every single dish from the appetizers to the dessert was a taste bud's dream. When I tasted the spicy crab appetizer I thought X20 wasn't that bad, and when I tasted the seafood crepe I knew X20 deserved a second chance. The entrees solidified Xaviar's great reviews with a good salmon, some great short ribs, and some bacon wrapped pork that was like tasting nirvana. I really shouldn't have had dessert, but how can you resist when everything else is so good? The lava cake with ice cream was a great combination and the carrot cake was a multi layered boss. Oh, and the wine selection was massive so winos will definitely find something to enjoy.
wonderful service, great food,  beautiful ambience  overlooking the Hudson - what more can you ask for........
Been here a handful of times.  A gem along the Hudson.  Not in the best neighborhood but located right by the Metro North. The main dining hall has a spectacular view of the Hudson.  The food is top notch and portions are good.  I have had the Seafood Crepe, Steamed Japanese Custard with Warm Shellfish, and Barely Poached White Tuna Sashimi.  Duet of Heritage Pork, Long Island Duck Breast with Togarashi, Grilled Prime NY Sirloin, Aged & Grilled Cowboy Rib Eye for Two, Braised Short Rib of Beef, and Pan Roasted Montauk Skate.  All great!  I always get the Organic Carrot Cake which is by far the best carrot cake I have ever had.   So why only 4 stars?  Service can be hit or miss.  One theory is a lot of the time I use a Groupon and I go with my Girlfriend and both of us are in our late twenties so maybe they care less?  Service aside X2O is worth it based on the view a lone.  My first time there for my mother's birthday Peter Kelly came over to our table and said hello and took pictures.
I'll give it an honest review, to give it 5 stars is way off base. I gave it 3 because it was Just Okay. I think people get caught up in the Atomsphere and probably need to justify the cost to themselves to say it was Great. It was good, yes and the restaurant is well laid out and very sheik. I've give the food a 7 of 10 though. Now here comes the Kicker . . . I've been to 100's of restaurants, with 100's of valets and this has to be the single worst set up in the history of Valet service. I'm writing this review only now, but mind you we went in Feb. when it was cold. We arrived, I pulled up, guy leaves me waiting in my car for like 10 mins. should have been my first clue. I get out, the guy tells me I have to wait to give my keys to someone else, so I get back in and wait, not a big deal, I was early anyway. Forget everything you've ever known about valet service. The Garage where they keep the cars is like 1/4 mile away, and they have 2 kids running cars for 2 Huge Restuarants, they share valet services with The Dolphin, you do the math. I waitied for no less then 20mins. for my car, probably closer to 30. After about 10mins. in sub 10 degree weather, oh they have a little hut there with no heat you can stand in,  I demanded my keys and said I would just go get my car myself, they told me I wouldn't be able to get it out of the garage with out the special ticket. So I had to wait, UNBELIEVEABLE. I've had many differnet experiences at restaurants but never ruined cause of a Valet, Never. Take the train or park the car yourself. Then the guy felt snubbed when I stiffed him on the tip, I said here's a tip for you, don't let customers freeze in the cold for a 1/2 hour and maybe next time I'll get ya. Never in my life stiffed a valet before never!!
I went here for a friend's birthday. Very delicious food and a cool decor with a beautiful view. The appetizers / bread were standard, however my entree was just exceptional. I ordered the Veal Sweetbreads; they were one of the most interesting foods I have eaten, and I would certainly recommend them to anyone. We had (what I think was) a carrot cake for dessert which was perfect with a cup of tea after the meal. Nothing but good stuff to say about my experience at X2O.
I have been in for dinner several times over the years, beginning shortly after opening. Was in last night with a group of nine for a wine dinner - our wines, Peter's food. There is no doubt Peter Kelley can cook - his original restaurant(s) in Garrison (closed) and the duo in Piermont (Xaviar's and Freelance Café) always deliver a terrific menu and delicious meal. In fact, Freelance Café is one of my favorite restaurants in the tri-state area, delivering outstanding food and service every visit. Last night was no exception on the culinary side (see more below) - the food was terrific. The rough spot has always been on the service side, and last night we noted a marked service improvement from last few visits. The only real service hiccup was that the side dishes we ordered (crispy cauliflower and spaetzle) arrived with our appetizers - I mean what was the wait staff thinking? I enjoyed the medley of warm seafood crepe in a "wipe up every last drop" sauce as my starter and then split an Iron Chef winning rib eye steak, served with au gratin potatoes and some spinach. The spinach was unremarkable and would have benefited from some seasoning. The taters were wonderful, and the steak was killer. The seasoning rub, including soy, cayenne, mustard and brown sugar, gives the steak a sweet and crispy crust. It was done to perfection (chef recommends medium rare) and almost melted in my mouth. The recipe for the steak is available on line, and I am definitely going to give this a run if Spring ever arrives to NY. Here it is if you want to give it a try: archive.lohud.com/articl… The bottom line is that X2O is a terrific destination for a special meal, but has not yet matched Xaviars and Freelance café for a total dining experience.
Overall, it's a 3.5 tethering on a 4 (the half-point accounts for the hospitality and the decor). I feel like Iron Chef Peter Kelly just doesn't push the envelope enough when it comes to food. I've been here so many times throughout the years and have yet to be blown away by some memorable dish...with the exception of their Eggs Benedict. Based on Brunch alone, this place is a 5. Recent price hike to $40 per person (from $38) is the best way to experience X2O. The menu consists of 3 courses (appetizer, entree, and dessert), along with passed Hor Deuvres (Coconut Shrimp, Wild Mushroom Ravioli, Baby Lamb Chop, and Crispy Tuna Sushi), passed bread/muffin platter, unlimited champagne cocktails, and coffee/tea. It is truly the best brunch in Westchester --- did I mention how much I love their Eggs Benedict? Not only fancy, but on a glorious Sunday, the sun shines through the windows creating an aura of marvel, especially with the views of NYC, the GWB, the Palisades, and the Tappan Zee Bridge. You completely forget you're in Yonkers.
We used a Groupon for our anniversary dinner. The food did not disappoint. Appetizers were excellent, cowboy ribeye for two was exceptional and desserts were delicious. Absolutely great value with the Groupon. The one negative I will mention, which I've seen in a couple of other reviews....the place is in need of being spruced up. Wallpaper is worn and dirty, menus are worn and overall the place is showing its age. I hope the owners will spend a bit on giving the dining room a bit of a refresh. It needs it. The food is still great and deserves an impeccable room.
I am shocked at the 2 star reviews this place got. This is so good I'm tempted to go back to all my other reviews and take away a star from all the other 5 star reviews I gave. The service is top notch with a captain and a waiter taking orders and serving food. How many more people do you waiting on you? The food...AWESOME. Great flavors and perfect combinations of foods. I had the Pork Chop and wifey had the Skate. Both excellent. Couldn't see the Hudson from out table, but it's night time, so we probably didn't miss anything. Full Disclosure: We had a Groupon, so we did not pay full price. Yes, it's pricey, but with the Groupon, we paid roughly what we paid for mediocre food a couple of weeks ago...I need to check that rating ;-)
I've been here two times and both experiences were absolutely wonderful!!! The first time I came here, I just fell in love with the food! I believe it was during the Hudson Valley Restaurant Week and I must say I was it was love at first taste! My boyfriend's mother (who had been here before) told me that their meals were not different in portion size compared to the days when they don't have specials which is totally awesome!!! For ex - if they were to give you two slices of steak when they don't have specials, you'll get the exact same thing when they DO HAVE specials! The portions of the meals were great. Compared to a lot of other high end restaurants that taste really good like X2O, the portions would be a bit smaller (in my opinion). The dessert was really good too - not too sweet, which was wonderful. PETER KELLY also greeted everyone from table to table which was a nice surprise!! They also gave us (a party of 5) truffles after our desserts as well - and my, my, that truffle was delish!!!! My meal that day was : Warm Asparagus Flan with Rock Shrimp & Chives Entree was the special of the day - I believe it was sirloin steak with green beans and mashed potatoes Dessert was Almond Pound Cake with Creme Caramel and Candied Almonds Everything tasted wonderful ~~~~~~ --------------------------------------------------­--------------------------- The second time I came here, it was on my birthday with the Groupon Special!! The moment they sat us down they asked if we had any specials like groupon, so when we said yes they immediately redeemed it ~ There wasn't a special menu for people who used Groupon so you were getting the same food you would normally get without using any vouchers and stuff -- they even let us know about the specials of the day. The food was absolutely fantastic -  I had the special appetizer -- Tuna with pistachio cake and caviar. It was interesting - overall it was good but i did think that the pistachio cake was overpowering the sashimi tuna. My boyfriend had the seafood crepe which he enjoyed a lot but when I tasted it, it was good but it wasn't for me. My boyfriend and I also shared the Jerusalem Artichoke Bisque which was so smooth, creamy, and every ounce of AMAZING. Entree - Mine was the Grilled Prime NY Sirloin with Truffled Potato Puree and Leaf Spinach - the sirloin was really juicy and the texture of meat was great. It wasn't too chewy or anything. The potato puree was great - I always enjoy mashed potatoes and foods alike -- it was creamy and the consistency wasn't too thick.   My boyfriend has the Wild King Salmon with Ssamjang Glaze, Lo mein and shitake dashi, baby bok choy and snow peas. He seemed to really enjoy it and when I had a taste, it was really good. We also got a side of Carnaroli Risotto  and it was really good but we couldn't finish it because of our entrees - it was very filling. We had to wait a few minutes for dessert haha Dessert  was Creme Brulee for my boyfriend and for me the Panna cotta with honey?? I forget which dessert I had  but I actually preferred the creme brulee. My dessert was good too, don't get me wrong, but personally, I thought the creme brulee was better. My dessert also came out with Happy Birhtday written on it and a candle  thanks to my boyfriend's wonderful surprise gesture!! ^_^ They also gave us some sort of chocolate as well -- this time it was a little pie with chocolate and orange gel inside ? I forget what it was exactly called but it was delish!!! All in all , my experience here was fantastic and I can't wait to go back!!!!
I had high hopes based on all the reviews, but the 55 minute drive to X20 was just not worth it. The service was spotty at best (seriously, don't keep asking to take my appetizer plate away when my partner is still working on his) and my food felt like it had been made earlier in the day, like a catering event - case in point: the foie gras plate had beets that had obviously been sitting on that chilled plate for a while as they had bled into one another... likely in a cooler, not freshly made) My skate was fine, but the truffled mash with them used WAY TOO MUCH truffle oil! When are people going to realize that if your mouth tastes of nothing but truffle oil after one note, you have used too much? We didn't even stay for desert. It seems like this is a "nice place" for Yonkers, but it doesn't compare to say, Inn at Pound Ridge or the Schoolhouse in Cannondale. I feel like X20 got a lot of acclaim back in the day and now they are just riding on their previous reputation.
I went from Manhattan to Yonkers for this restaurant and was very disappointed. First of all, I got food poisoning!  But before I knew that, I was shocked at the service.  There is a certain rhythm that should be followed when it comes to timing.  I came to relax and not be rushed and found that five minutes after I ordered, my appetizers appeared.  I asked them to slow down.  It felt a little like a coffee shop.  They would take the plates and silver away and forget to replace them. Still feeling ill after 3 days!
Beautiful decor and fantastic food.  Service was absolutely impeccable from the coatcheck girls to the waiter who memorized every detail of the specials. Each person at my table loved their dishes and each dish had inventive combinations.  I do wish the room was a bit more crowded but it was a snowy night.   Cant wait to go back!
Another Restaurant Week find!  Food was absolutely perfect, the views on the river were amazing, and the service was absolutely on point.  I simply cannot think of a better example of fine dining outside of NYC.
The Hudson Valley Restaurant Week brought me to Xaviars on the Hudson.  Xaviars sits on the riverfront in downtown Yonkers, just a few miles north of Manhattan.  While Yonkers is easier and closer to get to than Long Island or New Jersey, it's not somewhere that comes to mind when making dinner plans.  Xaviars on the Hudson may change that.  The waterfront is a strong contrast to the rest of the city, offering stunning views and an interior that will give most Manhattan restaurants a run for their money.  There is something about upscale suburban restaurants that are able to offer all the jazz without being pretentious.  When you step inside, you are struck by the beauty of the restaurant but still feel welcomed.  The intimate dining rooms feature three walls of windows giving every table a splendid view of the river and the wait staff are friendly, attentive and knowledgeable. Xaviars offered by far the most generous restaurant week menu that I have ever seen.  The menu featured the usual 4 options to choose from for appetizer, entrée and dessert (which was a difficult enough task to choose from already) in addition to another 2-3 off-menu options that were described to us in tantalizing detail by the restaurant manager. Xaviars describes itself as using "French techniques with Italian and Spanish influences and Asian embellishments".  Labels like this always signal to me a breaking away from traditional cooking embracing modernity, however, all the dishes we tried fell towards the traditional and predictable rather than the modern and witty.  While everything presented to us was executed beautifully, I was secretly hoping for some playfulness on my plate.  At the end of the day, I could not be disappointed by well-balanced and executed food.   Xaviars changed my notions of Yonkers and we may begin to explore the area a bit more now that we have we gotten a little sampling of what they can offer.
Had brunch here over the weekend and was very pleased with the entire dining experience.  Loved the choices on the pre-fixed menu as well as the passed hors d'oeuvres that came to every table.  I do wish that they did a second pass with each hors d'oeuvres because they were just so delicious!!!  Also, the views are just amazing!
First, our meal was very good, and we enjoyed the ambience and sound levels. But, we had informed them from the beginning that we would be using a Groupon. When they brought the check it was divided into six small pieces of paper, none of which made any sense at all. We asked for an explanation and only then discovered that, 1) they had overcharged us by one glass of wine, and 2) arbitrarily added a 20% gratuity on the total. While we understand the concern with respect to some customers inadvertently tipping based on the reduced price after a Groupon is applied, this was a very, very poor way of addressing that issue. It felt like they were slipping it in, hoping it wouldn't be noticed. It left us with a low, cheesy feeling about their methods. They were somewhat apologetic when challenged, but we had the sense that the complaint was not new to them, and that their superiors had left them no other recourse. I doubt we will return.
The food is phenomenal. The service exquisite.  Worth every penny. Never disappointed.
My husband and I went to Xaviers for dinner and we had a great experience. The food was delicious and the desserts were amazing.  The wait staff was very friendly and attentive. The view is beautiful and we will definitely be back!
People seem to either hate or love X20 and lot of negative reviews focus on teh service, so much so that I almost cancelled. I am glad I didn't it. Parking was a bit slow since the parking lot attendant felt it necessary to hold the door for this middle aged dude in the Jaguar who took freaking forever. Ambiance is beautiful, the 2nd floor area is more intimate and quiet, 1st floor was little louder and more busy. We were seated close to the windows and the view of the Hudson, the city and the Palisades was amazing. Service was attentive: our water and bread was always there, orders were called in on time (I asked them to wait till we finished our cocktails) and at the end they brought us our desserts and had written happy anniversary on the plates and added a candle. They thanked us for celebrating with us and sent extra pastries home for our daughters. Drinks and wine (even by glass) were really really good. Food was just ok for me. I had a special caviar/ahi tuna app which was on a v thick pistachio cake (too thick). My husband had grilled octopus which was v nice - the latter doesnt have much flavor so deep char was nice. I had the lobster crepe which was ok and hubs had short ribs w cauliflower - brown on brown on brown. Taste was just ok and visually really unappetizing. His chocolate cake was good but we both really liked the pavlovas with passion fruit sorbet. It was a lovely night.
We celebrated our 15 year wedding anniversary here and had an awesome dinner.  We were a party of 6 we each ordered different things and everyone was happy with their meals!  I was weary about trying the skate fish, but our waiter was very helpful and said if I didn't like it I could choose something else.  But I loved it!  We got seats with a great view as requested they mentioned our special occasion several times and even brought us a special happy anniversary dessert!!  My friends loved the sangria as well.  All in all food was very good yes the staff was not the best trained for a "fancy" restaurant (yes they dropped a roll and our friend had to pick it up himself and put it aside on our table), but they were all very nice and accommodating.  I will return for the good food and great views!!  Very decent restaurant for Yonkers and not having to drive to NYC.  Don't miss going to the rest rooms best views.
View was WORLD CLASSS Food was G R E A T ... made some nice friends at tables around me. Service was OK at best... had to fill my own wine glass many times. Waiter was OK but bus boy had no idea what he was doing not 5 stars only due to service
I've been to Xaviers twice and everything Peter Kelly does is super.  However, I'm giving it 4 stars versus the expected 5 because there were a few surprising hiccups in my meal.  Also, Xaviers is a place you go when you want a flawless meal or to celebrate something special.  I was slightly disappointed by the less than perfect experience.  First, there were several diners in shorts and polo shirts.  Really?  Not appropriate for a restaurant of this caliber.  I'm all for casual...my husband was wearing nice jeans and a long sleeved button-down, but shorts do not fit the atmosphere of this special place.  Second, I know I'm being particular here, but the chairs are getting a bit worn and need to be replaced.  Again, if this was just a 'regular restaurant', the worn chairs would probably not warrant a second look from me, but this is a Peter Kelly establishment and I expect better.  Third, and most important, my husband's steak, ordered medium, was served very well done.  He didn't send it back but regretted it afterwards.   Obviously, I still like the place a lot, but this is a plea to the folks at Xaviers to put a little more care into this special place.  With its great service and breathtaking views, I hope to be able to give it 5 stars on my next visit.
I write this review not only to confirm the strong reputation of such an establishment, but to also respond to some of the ridiculous complaints which appear to be a poor attempt at tarnishing the reputation of Mr. Kelly In regards to my own experience, I've enjoyed every dish I've ever encountered. My Champagne Mango Salad was simple and flavorful, complimented by wonderful toasted cumin seeds. My sushi, as well, was fresh and delicious. The daily specials even seemed to integrate the Hudson Valleys bounty into each plate. As entrees, my table enjoyed the Ribeye (like butter) and Sweetbreads. Desserts were fabulous as well. To address the so called "complaints." How can one complain that their Steak with Mashed Potatoes and Spinach was just ordinary. I know for a fact this is USDA Prime meat. May I possibly suggest trying something different next time such as the Asian inspired Salmon or Soft Shell Crab? As for a one star review which complained merely of a carpet allergy. Is it right to tarnish a restaurants reputation over social media because of your allergy? Once again, I personally believe Yelp is an outlet for foodies such as ourselves to express ourselves. In that sense, I advocate for the Restaurant Weekers and Grouponers who rightfully expect the same quality of food and service. Sure, I also agree the service is at times inconsistent. But I refuse to let someone be turned off from dining at this great location because of a misinformed blogger.
Excited to try x2O, we hurried in for my upcoming birthday with high hopes and expectations based on the reviews and their website. There is a $3.00 valet parking, make sure it's validated by x20 or you'll pay $10. We thought parking would be a pain but we are disappointed in a good way. We are seated by the window without view but a reflection of everything inside. I wish there is a little view of the water since it's a glass wall...:( a minus for me. The floor is carpeted, I can live with that I guess, I am here for the food in the first place. We had glasses of pro secco and a Singapore Sling; For appetizers, we ordered the grilled Portuguese Octopus- The Octopus is grilled in its perfection, very tender. The arugula and the pasta that's like couscous is a bit heavy and filled me up right away. Pate grand Mere with Foie Gras- this is a very good appetizer Id say. The cornichons and mustard seeds are supposed to clear your palette. And, Ravioli with foies gras- I am not sure if I would be thankful for the generous portions. That's why we ordered three appetizers, among all the fine restaurants I have visited, X2O is by far one of the most generous. It's 4 pcs of ravioli with sautéed kale, it's meant to be an appetizer....but it's very good not to finish it. Main course: I ordered the Hudson Valley Quail- love it or hate it? I never had quail before, I've had Cornish hens for sure and I think Ill stick with my own cooking. The quails, it's comes with two quails, with their breast, wings and legs still in tact facing me, is a turn off. It's not crispy, I wish there is a little crispness, the Marsala sauce is good but too heavy. The plate is too busy, two quails stuffed, a lot of Marsala sauce with Brussel sprouts, mushroom and I don't know what else, it's too much going on. My plate is left untouched after tasting the leg and sauce. Not a fan:( My hubby ordered: Braised short rib of a beef, it's served with pan roasted cauliflowers and whipped potato purée, which is the best part of the plate. The beef is very tender but lacks seasoning. For dessert: We were sent out with a birthday strawberry sorbet, I booked it at opentable and mentioned about my upcoming birthday. Thank you. Then I ordered creme brûlée, and my hubby the orange pannacota. They are both delish! I enjoyed the creme brûlée most especially. Overall, I enjoyed my experience. The service could be slow but then all of the servers are very nice and sweet, I really cannot say less. Thank you. When you also come with Groupon, they automatically charge you with a 20% gratuity with the real value of the food! which is fair I think . So don' t be surprised. I would come back and try a different thing next time:)))))))
I figured I might as well make my 100th review about another special occasion as well. My birthday was a few days ago but my mom, who wasn't in the area, wanted to take me out nonetheless; she really enjoyed X20 the last time she went, so she was pretty adamant we end up here. I didn't really know what to think ahead of time, but Yelp told me that it was a French and Asian fusion restaurant so...alright, sounds like a plan! X20 is so on the water that it's located on a dock. Depending on where you're seated, going to X20 affords you a beautiful view of either Yonkers, the Palisades, or Manhattan, all with a beautiful view of the Hudson River to match. We ended up seated with a view of Manhattan, and I can honestly say that the dining experience would have been aesthetically lacking if it were a cloudy day. Due to scheduling difficulties, we ended up heading over around 1:30 pm, and were intrigued to discover X20's prix fixe lunch menu - $25 for a three course meal at X20 sounded like a pretty great deal, and we weren't disappointed.  The real first course at X20 is the bread: small, individual baguettes brought over fresh on trays as you sit down - really delicious, and great presentation. I began my meal with a salad (greens and goat cheese with a vinaigrette), had a main course of five-spice skirt steak with green beans and mashed potatoes, and ended with a white chocolate mousse with cherry topping. While all of the food was excellent, the standout was the skirt steak main course; it was cooked perfectly, with a very tasty (but strong) sauce. The meal was, along with the ordered dessert, capped off with a lemon sorbet brought over for my birthday. I really enjoyed the service at X20 - low key and very professional. The restaurant, while not crowded (and, therefore not as challenging),was run extremely efficiently. At X20, when the food didn't come out quickly, it was clearly because the wait staff was giving us time to enjoy our lunch and the view. I would definitely recommend  X20's lunch menu - it all looked and tasted delicious! I'm unsure about the prices and choices on a regular night, and they're apparently quite high, but the lunch (before 2 pm) was very reasonable and definitely on par with a restaurant in Manhattan. If you're free one weekday afternoon, I would definitely suggest checking it out.
So the location after you get through downtown Yonkers is beautiful.  The service is really great (though it took them a little bit to find our reservation and the fact that my party was already waiting for me but I'll forgive that) - both the chef and dining room manager made sure we were happy.   So this is what we ordered and were very happy with, I am sorry I won't talk about each dish, but to bottom line this for you, the favorites were the Pavlova and the Scallops. Buttered Spätzle with Scallions Specials: Tuna Tartar (appetizer)  & Diver Scallops (Entree) Passion Fruit Pavlova Crisp Meringue & Sorbet Crème Snita Vanilla Custard Crisp Puffed Pastry & Strawberry Compote Aged & Grilled Cowboy Rib Eye for ONE (they allowed us to change this) with Sauce Béarnaise Brown Sugar & Cayenne Crust Creamed Spinach and Potato Gratin
-----Restaurant Week Review----- Ever since I moved here, I have been looking forward to trying the food at this particular restaurant. My beau finally made reservations for tonight and off we went! I don't know if the food was subpar because restaurant week is in progress, but I wasn't really impressed. Food: The presentation of the dishes were outstanding, though the taste didn't always deliver. We started off with the Spicy Tuna Tartar and the Green Onion & Black Truffle Risotto appetizers. I thought both were delicious and well prepared. We had the Hudson Valley Foie Gras & Beef Cheek Ravioli and Caulibiac of Salmon en Croute entrees. I didn't really taste any foie gras and the beef cheek was a little on the chewy/dry side. The ravioli was also a little too chewy/gummy for my liking. The salmon was very good and perfectly cooked/seasoned. For dessert, I had the Warm Banana & Walnut Bread Pudding and my beau had the Cheesecake. I absolutely enjoyed the ice cream that accompanied the bread pudding! It was soooooo good! I couldn't finish the pudding, but you bet I finished the ice cream! The cheesecake that was off the menu was not good. It tasted stale and nothing like cheesecake. The presentation was pretty though. We received complimentary pistachio marshmallows that were okay. I'm not a huge fan of pistachio flavored things so my review of it is biased. Service: Our waters were refilled promptly and frequently. The service staff is very knowledgeable when it comes to the menu. There were a handful of items that weren't on the menu that was being offered in addition to the actual menu and the restaurant week menu. Our dishes all came out in a timely manner, so I appreciated the timing of everything. The one thing I was quite confused about was the fact that one of the servers quickly came over to our table and set down a pair of chopsticks next to my utensils. Just one pair...I didn't really know how to feel about that being Asian and my beau isn't, lol. I chalked it up to having ordered the Spicy Tuna Tartar, but after trying to eat it with chopsticks, it left me even more confused! It was so hard to eat with chopsticks that I gave up and opted for a fork. It is certainly not a dish that was made to be eaten with chopsticks so I have no idea why I was even handed a pair! Pretty funny if you ask me! Overall, this place is good, but not great. I'm glad I tried it during restaurant week instead of paying full price for everything. I can't imagine it getting much better than what was served tonight. I suppose I'll think about whether I would venture back here or not.
On a recent visit, we'd made an online reservation. Our visit was on a week night and the restaurant wasn't crowded at all. We noted that this was a "somewhat special dinner" and I asked for a table south facing so that we could look out at the tip of Manhattan... We arrived, were escorted to the dining room, saw the empty table there, then the hostess paused as if she was looking across to someone else, and told us we would need to be seated in the middle of the restaurant. "Why?" I asked. Because we were just two people, and that table could seat four.. "But there are two people at the table right next to that, a man and a woman, same size table, two chairs".. "SORRY" was the reply I got. I should mention that "we" are two guys. Our "special" dinner was to mark the fact we'd decided to move away from the area to another state and wanted to visit X2O for the last time. The manager came over and proceeded to actually debate and argue with me; Extremely arrogant and instead of either just shrugging his shoulders or accommodating us for a table we'd requested, he wanted to argue. I insisted that we be seated anywhere, I wasn't going to cower and leave.  I also want to note that I don't typically wear these types of insecurities on my sleeve. I'd prefer to think things like this have nothing with that the people are perceiving as my 'lifestyle', but in this case, it was clear to me that the presence of two men seated at a more coveted spot concerned them.. Were they worried that our "special" dinner was going to result in a bended knee marriage proposal? And if it had, so what? We'll never be back and I've decided to take this up with the owner and perhaps more official bodies who track and look out for such things. Either way, for whatever the cause, I was embarrassed, hurt and an otherwise happy experience ruined for no reason of my own.   On top of it all, the food was medicare, at best, same as last time. A mean for two including entrées, desert and three glasses of wine, along with tip was a bit over $200.  Horribly over-priced.  Shame on them. Shame.
I have been here a few times. Tonight we are celebrating a birthday. Started with a special starter - Thai shrimp. Excellent. Also the seafood crepes was excellent. The entrees were equally good and in addition to the food, what makes this place special is the location over the Hudson with views north and south and the very friendly and professional staff. Even the chef came by a couple times to say hello and took a photo with my son and gave him a signed menu. He was ecstatoic! The best extra touch, I think, is the peanut brittle at the front of the restaurant. If you have any room left, I highly recommend it.
Finally had the pleasure of enjoying this establishment. Hands down the views are at 10++++. Absolutely beautiful!!!  I used a Groupon and was quite pleased by how nicely we were treated. No second class treatment just because you want to a save a few dollars. They do force you to pay tax and a $13 per person gratuity. They have valet for $3 but didn't use it. The valet guys abuse your car, so I parked my car in the Buena Vista lot for $5 for up to 3 hours. The valet will park your vehicle in the same lot as an FYI. All in all it was a great tasty dinner and would go back again on a Groupon deal because this place is expensive!
Came here last week with a groupon. First time ever being here but the place was beautiful inside. The decor and ambiance was great. They have 2 dining floors and a nice bar/ sushi bar area which looked cool We received 2 glasses of delicious prosecco. For APPETIZERS we got the conchigliette pasta and the seafood crepe which the crepe was amazing! For ENTREES we got the short rib ravioli and the pork wrapped in bacon! Both delicious. DESSERT we got the creme brûlée and chocolate crepe which were good just both cold which I thought they would be a bit warm. Overall amazing place especially for a special occasion! I will be back to try everything they offer on their menu!
Been here too many times. Since the main dining room is always full we just go to the bar area and order in the Dylan lounge. We have tried many things but our favorites are: Lavender honey creme brulee! hands down. I do not even like custard desserts but my husband is a fan and i tasted his and got hooked. After that is the lobster crepe, not a whole lot of lobster but its full of flavor, and the scallops with truffle. We also tried the sushi, cod, tuna it was all fine but we prefer the others. We also tried the famous brunch and that we Loved! Service and Food! I was so stuffed I didn't even eat the rest of the day. As great as this place is, the only reason I did not give it a 5 was due to some inconsistency with food and service, at times we felt rushed or ignored in the Dylan lounge and while in the main Dining I has a meal I was not fond of but I did not complain because I have a phobia that someone will spit in my food for complaining about it so when I get just OK food i just make a mental note that to order that item again.
We went on Thursday night at 7:30pm, it was not busy at all. We waited a long time to place our order. we weren't sure who exactly was our waiter cause 3 different one came to our table.  food did come out soon after ordering. we also had a female manager walk by and ask how was everything going. I had the seafood crepe. which I did enjoy. dinner I had the grilled pork chop. I didn't like it, I did like the spinach. my boyfriend had the Hudson Valley Quail Salta Bocca , which he did not like. cheesecake for dessert was yummy. we were happy , we purchased  it with a groupon. we don't need or want to go again. is a one time deal kinda restaurant.
X2O has been on our restaurant bucket list for a while, and so when a Groupon deal was offered a few months ago I purchased it.  My wife and I headed over about 5pm on a sunny Sunday after making reservations via Opentable.  We were seated immediately, with a nice view of the Hudson River looking north.  I am sure the southern views are spectacular at night as you can easily see the NY City skyline. Several reviewers have commented that they experienced mediocre service and suspected it may have been due to using a Groupon deal.  We also experienced mediocre service but I don't think it had anything to do with the deal.  They appear to have too many staff members with too little training, so there was a lot of confusion and missed assignments.  We had three different staff members that took our orders at various points.  Although we were seated promptly it took a long time for someone to take our food order, apparently because only one staff member was knowledgeable about the nightly specials.  He was very polite when he finally did get around to our table, but it was difficult to understand him (English may not be his first language). Our food orders came out without too much delay, and I must say all the food (appetizers, main courses, and desserts) were top notch.  It's a shame that I can't bring myself to give them four or five stars, but poor service can really mar a dining experience.  The busboys cleared empty plates quickly and filled our water glasses, but it took two requests to get our check at the end of the meal.   It's possible they were in the midst of training new staff members, but that process should be transparent to diners.  My wife and I may give X2O a second chance when Restaurant Week rolls around, but I can't justify paying full price for the service they appear to offer currently.
The food and service are fantastic here. I have had several dishes and everything has been wonderful. Chef Peter Kelly is always around and makes time to say hello to guests. Last but not least, the views of the Hudson are just beautiful. Definitely one of my favorite restaurants. I recommend the pix fixe weekday lunch, too.
Beautiful restaurant!!! Delicious food!!!! We had a group dinner on a Tuesday night. The wait staff was lovely and attentive. The food was very good but the portions were small. I wanted more after eating every course. Worth going back.
My girlfriend and I love to eat here. The staff is extremely friendly, they tend to your every want and need. The food is without a doubt some of the best I've ever had. I highly recommend the sushi. I also recommend any steak or pork dish. The atmosphere is unparalleled. You eat amazing food on top of having a breathtaking view of the hudson. Love it.
A wonderful dinner on a Saturday night. As you're seated in a spacious comfortable dining area you marvel at the panoramic views of the Palisades. Service is all smiles as you're properly greeted and politely handed the menus. We began with the Tuna Tartar and Yellow fin specials - both were excellent. Our mains courses were the Grilled Wild King Salmon & Pan Roasted Montauk Skate. The Salmon came with Soba Noodles and had an exciting "kick" to it. The Skate - a challenging fish - cooked in brown butter with accompanying potatoes and peas was perfect. ...and the desserts... Organic Carrot Cake with Pecans. Sizeable in both portion and - most importantly - flavor. It was one of the best I've ever tasted. While dining you'll notice the positive vibe throughout the dining area. Guests enjoying each others company a bit more than usual. My wife and I conversed with a couple next to us. The topic - the wonderful dinners we were both enjoying. To be mentioned as well is the professionalism of the staff. We used a Groupon voucher which was discreetly taken. No mention of guidelines at the table. No menu restrictions. No explanations necessary as the bill was properly calculated. This evening was a pleasure in every way.
This is definitely a 5 star restaurant. I obviously wasn't a yelper the first time I dined here, which was a few years ago.  The setting is amazing as the restaurant is spaciously laid out and perched about the Hudson River with amazing views.  Service was impeccable.  Everyone, and I do mean everyone, who had anything at all to do with our food and service came to our table to personally introduce him/herself and told us what his/her role was!  Our freshly prepared and tasty food and dessert all came out in a timely manner.  Service is very attentive and the staff at Xaviars is sure to make you feel that your patronage is well appreciated! Just a note, I have dined here during Restaurant Week in the past also, and the food and service was still on point.  However, there weren't all of the staff introductions.  And that honestly can't be expected when the restaurant has every seat in the house full.  Even still, Xaviars did not slack on food and service!
Dinner for our party of 4 was nearly flawless, with food as good as any restaurant anywhere. Let me start by saying we dined with a groupon, though we have previously dined here without.  If this groupon is offered again, GRAB IT.  Many restaurants offer special "groupon menu" --- a mediocre menu, that they claim is being offered at a discount.  Not in this case, this groupon allowed our party or 4 to order any 4 appetizers, any 4 entrees, any 4 desserts.  It also included a bottle of wine, but instead of a pre-selected cheap bottle, we were offered any bottle on the wine list under $51-- a very fair price point, and we found a nice flavorful Oregon Pinot Noir to go with our dinner. The restaurant location, over the Yonkers ferry is beautiful.  With Hudson River views all around the glass structure, with distant views of the George Washington Bridge, the room is bright but elegant while the sun is up.  The downside of the location, is Yonkers really is pretty run down, and you need to drive through some run down areas to get to the restaurant.   Service was on the slow side, but only because the staff isn't rushing you.  The staff was never inattentive. Chef/Owner Peter Kelly has been present every time I have dined there, he is a gracious host circulating among the tables. But what really stands out is the food itself.  Dishes were on the creative side, and exquisitely prepared.  I started with barely poached white tuna in a warm broth.  The dish was delicate.  The broth has lime, but it was very subtle, providing just the right amount of acid to undercut the creamy broth and fat of the tuna.  My wife started with the tuna tartar, which was probably the most pedestrian dish of the evening.  It felt like it belonged on a similar menu 10-15 years ago, but was dated on this modern menu.  Not a bad dish, but every restaurant has a tuna tarter on the menu, and this was not a particularly note worthy rendition.  Our dining companions had the Lobster Crepe, and a sushi bar special.  They each felt they had the best appetizer of the evening. Turning to the entrees, I am generally a meat and potatoes guy.  Other than sushi or shellfish, I rarely eat seafood.  Just don't really love it... But in this case, the fish dishes just sounded so appealing, and as I wasn't in the mood for anything heavy, I decided to go for the Wild Salmon.  I am very glad I did.  Served in a broth with soba noodles and crispy vegetables, every component was perfectly prepared and perfectly complimented each other.  There was no overwhelming spice or herb, just a harmony of warming flavors.  I ate every single bite.... And while I loved my entree, I loved my wife's even more.  She had diver scallops with some sort of slightly-creamed corn and chanterelle mushrooms.  The scallops were perfectly prepared, with slight sweetness from the sear.  The mushrooms were amazing earthy bursts of flavor.  But the corn... I can't begin to describe the corn.  It was slightly creamed, but not like heavy creamed corn.  I could have eaten a massive bowl of just the corn. Desserts were nice sweet ends to the meal, but didn't quite live up to the entrees and appetizers.  My wife has a chocolate praline tart, which was almost like a velvetty rich chocolate bar. I had the chocolate Valrhona cake --- A warm moist chocolate cake with a molten center.  Hard to dislike such a thing, but the best part was the Orange confit under the ice cream, giving a nice citrus tang.. just wished there was a bit more of it. For anyone seeking Manhattan quality dining in Westchester, X2O should be on the very top of the list.
Very good food -- imaginative, flavorful and delicious.  Highly professional wait staff.  Lovely dining room with beautiful views of the Hudson (the dining room -- which is very nice but not stuffy -- was cleverly put on the 2nd floor to get more advantageous views).  Extremely well-stocked bar. What's not to like? Great place for special occasions (it's a bit pricey).  Would have given it 4.5 stars if the system had allowed.  Highly recommended.
Loved it, been to Xaviars on the Hudson & Piermont, Billy Bar & X20. The food  & the service is absolutely fantastic. The staff have listening ears, for example, there may be no mention of a birthday or an anniversary when making a reservation but when a toast or a mention of 'special occasion toast' you'll be surprised with a on the house special What can I say he did beat Bobby Flay in Iron Chef America. I'm just sorry that I can't eat there every day.
My girl and I were looking for a special place to have lunch the other day and we stumbled across X2O. Couldn't have picked a better place. It's located on the Hudson in Yonkers, and the restaurant has really beautiful views from seemingly every seat in the house. We pretty much had the place to ourselves, so the service was both friendly and very fast. As for the food, it was one of the best meals I've had in Westchester to date. I went with the Prime NY Sirloin which came with a truffled potato puree and spinach sauteed in a garlic herb butter. I nearly had to lick the plate when I was done it was so good. The Mrs. got the striped bass, which I didn't try, but she seemed to be pretty happy about it. We also split a dessert of Seville orange panna cotta, which was ridiculously delicious. I can't say enough good thins about X20. Beautiful location, top service, and some of the best food you can find in Westchester. Five stars.
Took my wife here for our anniversary.  From the outside, this place is completely unassuming.  I actually drove past it.  Once you drive through the underpass, it is the large building straight ahead.  There is hardly any street parking and valet parking cost $3. On to my review: Upon entering the place, I was shocked at how nice it looked inside.  It was clean and simple.  We were seated by the window.   Had a beautiful view of the Hudson River and New York City...lovely view for an anniversary.  Once seated we were offered french bread rolls and blue cheese rolls.  the blue cheese rolls great.  I probably had 3. For apps, i got the lobster crepe and my wife got the butternut squash bisque.  The crepe was small and expensive, but delicious.  My favorite part of my entire meal.  My wife's bisque was alright, but I wouldn't recommend it. For entrees, I got the quail salta bocca and my wife got the shrimp.  I felt my entree was on the small side.  I don't eat all that much, but I was still hungry after.  Aside from the size, i found it a bit salty.  I know the cured meat was supposed to be salty, but my whole meal was salty.  The quail was cooked perfectly, though.  My wife's shrimp tasted overcooked to me, but the rice was good.  The sauce was tasty.  A bit buttery, but I like that. For dessert, we shared the organic carrot cake.  Huge portion, if only the entrees were as big.   It was quite moist, not a cake like consistency.  Nevertheless, it was very very good.  It came with a rum sauce that was delicious.  I wish they gave more than a drizzle.   They paid attention to my reservation where I said it was our anniversary, and they decorated the dessert plate with "Happy Anniversary."  It was nice that they paid attention to that detail.  It made the night even more special. Overall, this place is good, not great.  I found the portion size a bit small for the price.  The liquor is grossly overpriced: $12 for a glass of Pinot Grigio???  I would recommend my friends at least try this place, but only for a special occasion.  Too expensive otherwise.
So Nice I came here twice!  Actually three times within Restaurant Week! I can't stress enough how great this place is for lunch!   The service is extraordinary, the food *amazing*, and price is great! Their prix fixe lunch at $25 ($20.99 during restaurant week) is definitely a value! Not only do I agree, but my co-workers agree...  This has become our staple lunch place for our group events.  See pictures :)
Beautiful views of the Hudson, and a nice getaway from the city! Delicious food as well - but get ready to go to the gym to work off such a rich meal. The standout was the aged and grilled Cowboy Ribeye for two - they say it is for two, but I think it can feed four easily. The roasted bone marrow with escargot was as decadent as it sounds. The green tea creme brulee was also delicious. The one thing I would change about this place would be the decor - sort of feels like you are in an airline's executive lounge with its upholstered booths and inelegant light fixtures... One plus is that it's a huge space (X20 is in its own house right on the river), so great for groups. Service here is excellent  though - I felt very well taken care of. A day on the Hudson after brunch here could be a nice outing. While having dinner, we saw that you can get brunch with unlimited champagne for $38 pp. Sounds like a great deal to me.
We went here for our anniversary and were looking forward to eating food that would blow our mind away. A little dissapointment there. The atmosphere was great and the service even better! The food on the other hand was not. My wife's salmon was sweet and kind of soggy. I've had better fish in a roadside shack along the PCH in California for a fraction of the price. My steak was dry, over cooked, and not flavorfull. I can't say much about dessert either. We ordered the creme brule and it tasted like a pudding in which someone dumped a LOT of sugar in. We were ubale to finish it. Needless to say we will not be coming back here.
Been meaning to re-review this for a few months and it fell by the wayside. It's with a much dismay that I have to give X2O two stars. I'm actually teetering toward one star, because I was so completely disappointed with my experience here. I've been going to Peter Kelly's restaurants for... decades. Xaviar's started off in Garrison a long, long time ago (the 80's, I believe), and my parents live down the road from where it used to be at the Highlands Country Club. It was super fancy, high on service and expensive, and therefore reserved for very special occasions. To my family's disappointment (not to mention the disappointment of many others in the area), they closed up that original location and opened up X2O, which, while a lot less convenient, was built from the ground up to be theirs. We were excited about it and ate there a number of times over the years since it opened about four or five years ago. We've also eaten at all the other versions of Peter Kelly's restaurants, Restaurant X in Congers, Xaviar's Piermont and the Freelance Cafe, all of which have been excellent. There even seemed to be a war over which of his restaurants would make the top of Zagat's Westchester every year. Fast forward to my birthday this year. Things have changed, and it's not good. Not only has it gone downhill, it's gone downhill in ways that are hard to fathom. Worn menu covers with stained menus inside. Dirty carpets in the area by the host/hostess station and in the elevator. The place is looking fairly worn for a relatively new place. The food was disappointing, and actually this is the second time we've been where the Beef Wellington had an odd "refrigerated" taste and left us with bad stomachs. I am not sure what's going on here, but for a Peter Kelly venture, it seems like he just doesn't care anymore. These are the sorts of details that would normally have been attended to with the utmost care previously, and now the place feels like a factory and the food isn't even that great. I truly hope they get their act together, but for now at least, we've written this place off as one of our go-to restaurants, and that makes me really, really sad.
I've been to this restaurant twice and the food is modern and delicious. The waiter we had this time was either new, or just a little awkward, but the service was fine. New American cuisine with a little Asian and French influence make this place stand out as a unique meal. I took photos of every dish so you can see the presentation as well. This time we had a Groupon and my husband and I came with another couple. We each ordered an appetizer: - Grilled octopus was cooked perfectly - Tuna tar tar was delicious - Our friends ordered the yellowtail sashimi with peaches (a special), and the pate and the both loved theirs. For entrees we ordered: - Scallops (a special - they were amazing and cooked perfectly as well) - Sirloin with truffle mashed potatoes (yum!) and spinach - Our friends had the whole duck for 2. I had a bite and it was very moist and tasty the way duck should be. Our desserts (sorbet, cheesecake) were also very delicious as was the wine. Our first bottle wasn't anything special but we really enjoyed our second bottle -the Obsidian Ridge Cabernet ($58) was full-bodied and it didn't break the bank. This place is a little pricey so it's good for special occasions, but you're getting what you pay for. Incredible meals and impeccable service from all the wait staff involved.
If you can't afford brunch or dinner, this is still a nice place to visit for a drink. I wandered in on a late Sunday afternoon in sneakers and sat at second floor bar for a drink. The view was great -- both the river and people watching; women like to get dressed up for their meals here. Running up a bar tab in the $20 range is a cheap way to experience X20 on a budget. And the bartender was so friendly and nice -- we didn't feel like cheapskates at all!
I am glad that there is a commitment to re-gentrify Yonkers and I am thankful X2O  employs many people and only wish it continued success...with that said I would like to see some things change. The service was perfect! We were warmly welcomed and treated with the utmost respect and grace...thank you! The exterior of the restaurant was beautiful, kept impeccable and the views were exactly what we anticipated. Even on this bitter cold spring weekend. We arrived early, so while waiting for our guests we had the opportunity to sit quietly and take in the interior scenery...at first glance the restaurant had a soft welcoming decor with clean modern lines. As I started to focus,  I noticed the chairs were badly beaten up due to commercial use...almost overtly so? then noticed all of our chairs were filthy?...in addition to the metal folding table legs to every table??? I expect this from a wedding hall or even your local dive...but not from a restaurant like X2O which has positioned and priced itself to a more affluent crowd? But what really made me write this review was the windows... Food and the perception of cleanliness go hand in hand yes? So when gazing out to the beautiful view...imagine my surprise in seeing so much bird crap all over the external windows and structure...I was grossed out! Really if I noticed it at first glance...someone in management has got to notice it as well! Please! Thankfully, just as I noticed it, I became distracted by our guests arriving. Now it was all about good conversation and the food. The food it exactly what I expected from most of these hyped up places.. Brunch was a prefix menu...The bread was cold and tasteless the date/carrot cake was good but a little too sweet, the muffin was well executed and the coffee was delicious. The extras that were brought around in addition to our prefix choices were cold, bland and not worth eating. The salad was fresh, crisp and lightly dressed...the way it should be and the risotto was nicely flavored and  perfectly executed. My shrimp was perfectly cooked, the dish was good but not great, The trout was also cooked perfectly, the flavor was ok ..but nothing special. The end was the best part...no not leaving!. The dessert..."The belgian chocolate" was a truffle like mouse bomb with a rich ganache and pistachio foam. It was terrific and worth every calorie. So in short...skip the meal and just go for coffee, dessert and the view...well worth it! If you insist on a meal...order the risotto.
This place is outstanding! Food, service, ambiance, views, everything was top notch! We had a first class experience all the way around...not many places you can say this about!  The veal sweetbreads and the pork duo entrees were delicious! The lobster crepe and pate, as appetizers, WOW!! Excellent and reasonable wine list...Take the trip outside the City, X20 will not disappoint!
Always a great time-when we have a family celebration, we go to X20. A special place for special occasions!
Spectacular setting at Palisades on the Hudson. Go with the view in mind and you will be happier, don't go primarily for the food. While the ingredients are fresh, the food is plebeian, bland, soulless, and bourgeois.  Meals taste as if they were churned out by an automaton and not a chef that loves his/her craft. I brought my parents, inlaws, sib and Mr. for the champagne brunch. All of us dine out extensively in NYC and metro NY area. If you don't go out much and are easily wowed by presentation rather than product you may be satisfied here. For us, not so much. We found the pour to be rather slow, one round every 40-70 minutes- not quite all you can drink champagne as per advert.  The server did not explain the different types of champagne drinks that were available, this was also not listed on the menu and it was not until my Mother and Mother in Law espied pink champagne drinks on other tables and asked that we were informed the kir royales, cranberry champagne cocktails, prosecco and strawberry, etc. were also options other than the usual mimosa. Four types of hors d'oeuvres were passed in between courses. We watched as some servers went directly to some tables while avoiding others completely, especially with particular items such as the baby rack of lamb and rock coconut shrimp. Then we saw those seated at the tables well visited by staff were greasing the palms of the waiters with folded bills- nice for the waiters but as this service was included in the meal, not so nice for those at tables being ignored.  Peter Kelly might do well to have his eye out for such activities at his venues and take matters in hand. While the company was scintillating, the dining experience was a disappointing bore.
Went here for my 10 year wedding anniversary dinner last night and will definitely be going back! Started with drinks at the bar while we waited for our table, great views of the GW bridge and hudson river from almost anywhere in the restaurant - including the bathroom!  The bar area is nice and there's a sushi bar & tables in that section. Didn't have the sushi, but it looked excellent!  Great presentation! So, let's get to what you need to know....the food!  We sat upstairs and dinner starts with a bread guy walking around plating you some fresh baked bread.  There were two options a little french loaf (delicious) and a blue cheese biscuit (crumbly and ok, not a biscuit fan myself).  Wine list is great and we had a FABULOUS bottle of Brunello (for $91!!!, but worth every penny). Oddly, we saw a few people walk in with their own bottles?  I guess they offer BYOB, but we didn't ask to verify - so you may want to ask ahead if that's something your interested in. Appetizers....I had the Raviolis with short ribs & foie gras in truffle butter over broccoli rabe to start.....and let me tell you....don't pass these up!  Absolutely delicious!  However, don't let the title 'ravioli' fool you....these were more like jumbo packed 'dumplings' than raviolis - even the consistency of the dough was more like a dumpling.  Portion was pretty decent for an app and with all the meat, it was just right and AGAIN  - Delicious!  Husband had the special, which was grilled octopus  - I tasted a bite and it was really, really good...just the right grill flavor without tasting like your liking a charcoal puck!  Needless to say, our plates were spotless! Main course we opted to both go in on the roasted duckling for two.  OMG...YUMMO! They come out and present it to you, then take it back to slice up and plate for you. There was so much meat I had to get a doggy bag!  Extremely tasty and tender....my only two comments for improvement would be the skin could've been crispier (the leg pieces were totally crispy, but the skin on the breast wasn't....i guess i know where the hot spots in their oven is!) and the potatoes could've been less greasy.  Mind you, they fry up the potatoes in the duck fat  - so it's EXTREMELY TASTY - but with the richness of the duck, I almost wanted a 'drier' potato to balance out the fat (maybe like princess potatoes? YUM!).  It was also served with Brocollini sauteed in garlic - delicious! Desert, yes...we actually squeezed that in too....hubby had pistachio mouse with chocolate ice cream - DELICIOUS and I had the orange panna cotta...also very good - light and VERY citrusy (if that's a word?).  The best part was both our desert plates were decorated with "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate on the perimeter and a candle in each!  Keep in mind, I only told them it was our anniversary when booking as I requested a window table.....very nice touch to see them record that and delight us with a little surprise!   All in all, I would normally have give a perfect 5 stars....but I had to knock 1 star off (and don't laugh) but for the dirty lamp shades at the bar and the bread guy didn't come around enough for my taste (although I should be happy because I didn't stuff myself on bread!).   Food was excellent and very flavorful....and for a pricey place, the portions were pretty decent.  We left with fully bellies and big smiles!  Definitely want to go back to try the Lobster Crepe...Sushi...Diver Scallops with butternut squash risotto...and much more!  : )
I want to hit Xaviars off with five big stars, but I can't. I took the girlfriend here for Valentine's Day and had high hopes. (I'd seen it on No Reservations for chrissakes!) While the act of getting there was half the fun--I went to school in Westchester and have always loved the ride up--I don't know that the meal lived up to my expectation. Is that fair? I don't know that it is. The staff was wonderful, and I mean absolutely wonderful. They were accommodating, knowledgable, warm and unobtrusive. They seated us with a stunning view of the river facing the Bronx, so we were treated to a few flickering points of light in the distance. Lighthouses along a particularly treacherous and winding part of the Hudson looked like stars against the dark water. In other words: it was romantic. I patted myself on the back in the bathroom: this was a win. Massive boyfriend points awarded. Fatality: girlfriend's reservations destroyed! It is hard to make a claim that besmirches X20. The presentation was thoughtful, the menu was clearly the work of some mad genius hell bent on seducing every palate within driving distance, but the meal fell a little flat. I got the braised short ribs. Short ribs are a bit tricky to pull off in a restaurant, particularly on a high-turnover night like Valentine's Day. The take time to do right, but when done right ... whoa daddy! These were a bit dry, the flavor kind of meh and the texture left a little to be desired. I'd expected something transcendant, but I got good. Now, that's not to say the evening wasn't worth it. The ambience, the view, the service, the wine (hell of a wine list) all combined for a memorable experience. But the entree left a smudge on it all. Will I go back? You bet your sweet Yelpin' ass I will. I have a sneaking suspicion that my lukewarm reaction to the meal is directly related with my very pedestrian choice of meal. I should have tried any and everything I'd never heard of and/or had felt squeamish about in the past. When in the presence of a culinary visionary, one must give oneself over to that vision. I failed to do so. Therefore: expect an update soon, Yelp.
The food was still cold even after sending it back. They have no apology or sympathy and did nothing to correct it. Management did not say anything. Never coming back
Awesome.  Awesome.  Awesome.   My fiance and I came here for my birthday after seeing Chef Kelly defeat Chef Bobby Flay on Iron Chef's, Cowboy Ribeye challenge.  This place blows away MANY places in the city. The first thing I would like to discuss, is the price.  The Ribeye for two WITH sides costs $72.  I invite anyone to  find a place in the city where 28-day aged prime beef costs remotely close to $36/person. For an appetizer, we ordered the "Silver Queen Corn Flan Lump Crabmeat & Scallion."  It was amazing.  The subtle sweetness of the corn flan highlighted the crab meat very well well.   We ordered the ribeye for two.  The meat was a 28-day aged prime, which was wonderful and flavorful.  The meat was cooked to a perfect medium rare, which melted in my mouth.The brown sugar and cayenne pepper enhanced the flavor of the meat without adding a sweetness.  It was served with a Béarnaise sauce, creamed spinach, and potato gratin (Which, in its own right, was amazing also). Something I'd like to also discuss was the parking situation.  Parking in Manhattan can cost $20-40+ just for dinner.  Here, since it's in Yonkers, it was only $3.   HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
Called and requested reservations for same evening and they took my name and phone number and gave us an 8pm reservation.  Had drinks at the bar, which was decorated nicely but nothing spectacular.  The sushi bar was smaller than I expected.  When we checked in for dinner they had no record of my reservation.  I read some other reviews and i see that this is a pervasive problem there.  They have a very low tech reservation system.  It's a book that they write down reservations with a pencil!  No wonder they are having problems.  Note to management:  update reservation system.   One of the girls at the front brought us into the dining room which was about 90% capacity and she sat us at a table by the entrance to the kitchen.  We sat for literally 10 seconds before a manager came over and offered us a better table by the windows.  He brought us over to one of the best tables that had a nice view. The food was spectacular, but even more impressive was the service.  The waiter handled most of our needs, but there are other people who come around and make sure that everything is okay.  Between the two of them everything was handled superbly.  I dined at Daniel in Manhattan last week and I have to say that the service was more attentive at X2O than at Daniel!   We had cocktails so we did not see the wine list.  I started with the short-rib ravioli and I had the swordfish for my main course.  Both were wonderful.  For desert I had the lemon napoleon and one of their green tea selections.   I was very pleased with my experience here and would definitely return.
Brunch is amazing.  Unlimited Prosecco. Peter Kelly is amazing.
The view is fabulous and the service is top notch. Our waitress, Chase, was so friendly and warm! I love when high end restaurants employ friendly, down-to-to earth waitstaff, makes the experience that much more enjoyable. We had an early reservation (5pm) to enjoy the views and avoid the crowds, and were lucky enough to bump into the head chef who warmly welcomed and thanked us for dining there. I had the Roasted Bone Marrow & Alaskan Red Crab Meat Crispy Garlic & Herbs, it was amazing. We had his signature, Iron-Chef winning Aged & Grilled Cowboy Rib Eye for Two with Sauce Béarnaise (Brown Sugar & Cayenne Crust Creamed Spinach and Potato Gratin). We also had the califlower side dish which was better than the sides that came with the entree. The crust of the rib eye was definately very tasty, but i found the overall dish lacking in flavor, however it was cooked perfectly. We had also eaten at Blue Hill at Stone Barns the same weekend, maybe thats why we felt a bit underwhelmed with the food. We had a mousse with icecream for dessert and that was very good. Side note, the place is a bit difficult to find and you have to drive through a shady neighborhood, so don't get confused and think you are in the wrong place.
Very Tasty food!
This restaurant is one of the few reasons to go anywhere near downtown Yonkers. Atmosphere - 5 stars. Food - 5 stars. Service - 5 stars. However, I'm giving this 4 stars because, as we all know, no one is perfect. Though my feelings are  closer to 4.5 on the rating scale. X20 is located on the newly renovated pier, installed as part of the face-lift that the powers that be are attempting to give to an area of Yonkers that used to be a sea of tenements. The restaurant juts out over the river and is basically nothing but windows. It's literally impossible to not have a good view from your table - the GW and Manhattan shine from one direction, the Tappan Zee sparkles in the distance from another, and wherever you sit you are surrounded by the majestic Palisades and Hudson River. It makes you forget what part of town you're in.     I was a little skeptical about how our experience would be when we first arrived. Despite having a reservation, we had to wait for a table. We had requested a table facing south beforehand so that we'd be able to see the sun set on the city, but none of them were available, which was a letdown. Another issue - the bread was cold. Whenever I go to a restaurant with cold bread, I bristle a bit. I mean seriously, how hard is it to throw some bread in a toaster for like 5 seconds and at least attempt to fool me into thinking it's fresh?? Is that too much to ask for? Aside from that, we had a phenomenal experience. Our waiter was friendly and attentive. We are a group that likes to sit, chat, and take our time both ordering and consuming our food, and though the restaurant was on the busier side, we didn't feel rushed whatsoever. X20 has an extensive wine list which we took pleasure in sampling over the evening. For my appetizer I had the Belgian Endive salad, which was super tasty. My entrée was the Roasted King Salmon. I am a salmon-aholic, and this was probably the best dish I have ever had. The horseradish crust provided the optimal crunch and spice, and the fish was moist and cooked to perfection. The broccoli served on the side was also fantastic - not overcooked but also not too crisp. For desert I went with the Belgian Chocolate Timbale, Absolutely delicious and rich, rich, RICH. It was everything you could ask for in a chocolate dish. I would definitely return to X20, though probably not in the near future - it's relatively impossible to get a reservation (we made ours a week or two in advance). However, if you need to get your driver's license renewed, you could book your table and then spend the time waiting for it at the DMV around the corner. They usually take about 17 days to get to you.
What a disappointment!! My mother, father, and I went for dinner at X2O to celebrate a family anniversary. We went with high expectations and were unfortunately very disappointed. While the food was decent, the service was absolutely terrible. Our server was totally absent minded and had difficulty remembering our drink orders. At one point my father requested a glass of wine that was filled at the bar in the center of the main dining room by our server who abandoned the glass of wine at the bar. When we asked the maître d' about the wine, the maître d' said "ah, yes" and then walked over the formerly abandoned glass of wine and brought it to my father. The rest of the meal was an absolute drag, and even getting the check was a hassle. If the food had been amazing it might have overshadowed the sub-par service, but it was at best satisfactory.
I have totally mixed reviews regarding X2O.  If I was reviewing based solely on food I would give this restaurant 5 stars.   I am reviewing the entire evening, however, therefore I cannot leave out the my many disappointments.  Let me start from the beginning. My co-worker was going to cancel her reservation to X2O because she was ill, but instead she asked if my boyfriend and I would like to go instead.  I of course was THRILLED as I had heard such great things about it.  The reservation was for 5pm on a Saturday because that was all she could get (she called weeks in advance).  I called the restaurant a few days before to see if we could come at a later time, if there were cancellations, and they said no.   When we arrived we were amazed by the beautiful views and design of the space.  However, there were about 3 tables being occupied, and when we left at 7pm about 1/3 of the tables were still open.  Which made it seem to me that they should have been able to fit 2 more people at a later time like I originally asked. My second disappointment was the service.  My boyfriend and I look younger than we are, and I hate it when waiters treat you like a small child.  I felt they were not very attentive or friendly, and this was very disappointing as we ordered drinks, appetizers, the rib eye steak for two ($72) and dessert!  We felt very uncomfortable to be quite honest, as if we didn't belong there.   On to the food...It was delicious.  We started with the lobster crepe and iceberg salad, both were extremely tasty.  We then shared the cowboy rib eye steak for two.  It was crusted with brown sugar and cayenne, and was one of the best steaks I've ever eaten.  The brown sugar and cayenne gave the steak the most fabulous flavor, and it was so tender and juicy.  The steak came with creamed spinach and potato gratin.  Also, delicious! For dessert we ordered the coconut parfait with ginger cream and diced mango and pineapple.  It was soooo good!   I have to say although the food was fantastic, I don't know if I would return.
We've been trying to visit X2O since they opened (moving to California made this more difficult of course).  This trip, we finally got our chance. Reserved via Opentable, and the restaurant called the day before to confirm our reservation. Kudos to the wait staff - the service is excellent.  Any aspiring waiter would do well to have a meal here, or just apply for a job.  5 star service all the way. We were seated in the upstairs room looking upriver.  Couldn't see much as it was dark and drizzling, but I can see how it would be a nice view in the daytime.  We ordered drinks, and both the Peach Bellentini and a bourbon/cherry liquor were just OK. After hearing the specials, we ordered the Yonkers chowder, a special scallops entree, a venison special, and swordfish. The chowder was terrific.  The scallops were tasty, but I was a little surprised at the tiny pinky-nail sized scallops, since I had been expecting the large silver dollar variety.   Looking at the swordfish when it arrived, we could immediately tell it was overdone on the outside.  But in the middle, it was undercooked.   To be fair, the staff did come by twice and ask if everything was OK, and we said yes. The venison dish was excellent, though I had it as the chef recommends (medium) and I prefer my meat more done.  But it was buttery, not gamey, and well prepared. We're big fans of Peter Kelley (Xaviar's is our favorite restaurant) and  I'd love to award 5 stars to X2O, especially since I'm a Yonkers boy and I appreciate what he's trying to do for the city with this place.  But, having tried his other places, I know that things could have been better.   We were disappointed enough that I opted to skip dessert (I even thought of going over to Freelance Cafe to have dessert there). X2O takes credit cards, unlike other restaurants in the Xaviar's Group, which is a nice option. On the way out, I was actually a bit shocked to see Chef Kelly saying hello to a large party in the foyer.  I hovered and tried to say hi, but he went off to the main room to see other people. Looking over this review before I hit "submit", I'm wondering if poorly cooked swordfish should really cost a whole star.  Since I can't downgrade a half star, there's no other way of saying that the experience was short of perfection, which is what I expect from a Peter Kelly dining experience.
Summary:  Great space but the reputation was not met in my opinion.  Perhaps it was because we came during restaurant week and they were packed but for the money there are better places to go. Set-Up: Great ambiance.  Good crowd but not too noisy in the bar area.  Two story layout very interesting.  Views at night of the bridge and lights are really pretty.  Large fires seen burning are actually from the Domino sugar factory - we were alarmed when we first saw the blaze, but a quick google search calmed us down. We came for dinner during restaurant week with a table for 4.   We go there early and went to the bar upstairs first.   We were seated promptly at our scheduled time. Drinks take a while to arrive from the bar to the dining room but when they get there - wine by the glass is good and you get the drinks you ordered (lovely when the waitstaff knows who ordered what even with a time lag). Bread was delivered to the table quickly but the baguettes were cold and the butter nothing special. Tip:   Don't sit right by the window even though the view will tempt you - there's a healthy draft from the AC and it was distracting to have to rearrange the chairs to avoid it. Appetizers: Sushi rice not the best - little soggy for my taste.  Skip the rolls and try another appetizer. Mains: Crown Maple Roast Duckling - very good but not the best in the area - see review of Buffet de la Gare for best duck I've had in Yonkers area.  Others at the table were happy with their dishes. Dessert: Cobbler was good as was the red velvet.  Small portions a good thing at this point.
When my boyfriend "surprised" me by forcing me to go to Grand Central on our anniversary, then buying us tickets to Yonkers, of all F'ing places, I was less than pleased. Yonkers? Really!? The trek, however, certainly proved worth it. Actually (shockingly...excuse me for my ignorance...but really...Yonkers!?), the area of Yonkers that the resto is in was really beautiful. Even on a gray evening, the water was eerily calm, quiet, with a little dock and geese all over. The restaurant itself is situated right by the water (with 3 out of 4 walls within the restaurant facing the water) on stilts. In terms of service, I don't think I've ever been to a restaurant this formal and fancy. However,t hey weren't stiff or douchey. My bf & I were the youngest people there, but they didn't treat us how some restaurants tend to treat younguns-as poor and out of place. There were waiters tending to us continuously, and they were really good with their recommendations. The bread guy was also really attentive and brought around bread in a nonstop flow of carby goodness (try the biscuit. Well, try both). Also, b/c we told them it was our anniversary, they added a little candle to our cake and wrote a cocoa inscription for us. The food was exemplary of this caliber of restaurant. I got the halibut, which came pan seared, and almost sauceless, but because the fish was so fresh, it was delicious. My only complaint with the dish was that the arugola that came with it was too salty. My boyfriend got the sirloin steak, which was awesome, and had a nice char on the outside. The wine recommendation, from the almost oppresively extensive wine menu, was perfect with the meal--a Pinot from Oregon-it complemented both of the dishes very well, although it took abt 20 minutes to air to full flavor.
I enjoyed a lovely lunch at X20 Xaviars on the Hudson in the Yonkers Downtown Waterfront district.  Parking at X20 is simple as they have both street parking although limited and valet parking. My guest and I were seated immediately and our server was friendly and VERY attentive!  We were lucky to be seated at a table near the window which allowed us to enjoy the stunning river views.  It's pretty impossible to not have a great view from any table at Xaviars!  To our surprise Yonkers Mayor Phil Amicone was seated at the table beside us. This was not my first visit to Xaviars however it was my first time participating in their special 3 course lunch for $25.00!  Can't beat 3 courses at that price!  I ordered the Belgian Endive with Roquefort Snow Basil Emulsion and Anjou Pear Spiced Macadamia Nuts for my appetizer, Pan Roasted Hudson Valley Chicken Roasted Garlic with Mashed Potatoes Buttered Vegetables for my entree and Warm Chocolate Callebaut Cake with Vanilla Ice Cream for dessert.  The food was AMAZING!!! I strongly recommend you make a visit to Yonkers and see for yourself how lovely the downtown waterfront district is and enjoy the wonderful dining experience offered at Xaviars.  I certainly look forward to my next visit!!
This was my second visit to X2O, this time with family.  First, I really can't say enough about the space. It is truly beautiful and airy inside wrapped by fantastic views of the Hudson Valley. It was a perfect night and the twinkling stars of Manhattan were stunning. Once again this was an amazing dining experience.  Julian took good care of us.  He was genuinely friendly, very knowledgable and accommodating to all in our party (ages 24 to 81).  The service from the entire staff was just impeccable.  This is service the way it is meant to be. I just had to have the Cowboy Rib Eye, and it was absolutely awesome.  There were six of us and everyone ordered a mix of menu items and specials, each better than the last. I could go on, and on, and on but the bottom line is this.  There are three important factors for a restaurant: surroundings, service, and food.  X2O is at the top of the list for all three.  Don't miss out!
I went here on a Friday Night for their happy hour.  They have quite a selection of sushi plates that are reasonably priced.  The food was well prepared with a nice presentation.   If you are looking for a quick drink or a bite to eat on a Friday evening before a night on the town, I highly recommend this place.
This restaurant is very nice, very fancy, very upscale. The upstairs dining is very quiet, well at least at the time when my boyfriend and I went which was 7:30pm. There were many couples there and 2 groups of men and women. Unfortunately my boyfriend is more of a "meat and potatoes kind of guy" so he can be uncomfortable in these restaurants when in reality you'll never see these people again and your coming to enjoy the food and spend time with your loved ones or friends/co-workers. If you are comfortable in fancy resturants and enjoy amazing food, please try X20. The food is spectacular. The staff is attentive and friendly. There is an amazing, scenic view, as you are right on the water. It is very romantic. You will not be disapointed. I ate so much I had to take most of main course home.
We had a great experience. We had a reservation for 5, which is when they open for dinner so we had to wait for them to set the table but chef was at the desk and wished us a good dinner. He was very gracious. The wait staff was very helpful and the view was great. I had a special for the day as an appetizer, orzo vermicelli which was very good. My girlfriend had the bon marrow with shellfish and she loved it. We had the steak for two since it was his famous dish, it was very good. I wasn't as blown away as I'd hope I was going to be. It was cooked perfectly and tasted fresh but just wasn't what I was expecting in the way of flavor. The dessert we had was a mousse with icecream and that was very good. I'm sure we'll come here again, we very much enjoyed ourselves.
It makes me really sad to write this review, because 1) X2O is so close to home that I want it to be my go-to and 2) I've really enjoyed it in the past. During my last visit, we sat in the bar area (Dylan's Room?), and while the service was great as usual, the food was so-so and the environment was not conducive to enjoying a meal. First off, we shared the sweetbread appetizer, and it was just so blah ($15 of blah) I don't know how to describe it. My dining partner's short ribs were moist, but not as flavorful as they should be. That said, I liked my skirt  Overall, for the prices X2O charges, the quality just isn't there. The other issue was that an air vent was blowing freezing air directly down on me. Keep in mind, it was probably about 25 degrees outside. When I wanted to gaze out the window to look at the amazing view of the GW Bridge, all I saw was bird poop covering the window. The restaurant seems to be in need of a physical overhaul, and spruce up in the kitchen wouldn't hurt either.
I planned a surprise birthday lunch for my sister at Xaviers X2O before I flew in from California. James and his team were great to work with and the lunch exceeded my expectations. The food and service were excellent and my guests raved about their experience. I make it a point to dine at X2O when I am in the area. I will be back!
So this was part of Restaurant week trips. It is a pricey place normally but with this week its worth going to. I went for dinner and had the following: Butternut squash Bisque - It was excellent. Roast Loin of Heritage Pork - This was a nice cut of pork and once again I was very surprised how good this was. Red Velvet Cake - The portion of this dessert is just so big and yummy! So far this has been one of my favorite places so far. I highly recommend going here if you can during this week or else during another time.
A wonderful evening. Drinks at the bar, meeting Peter Kelly, dinner with a beautiful river view facing the GW bridge & most of all...a fabulous dinner. Tuna tartare, salad, soft shell crabs & wild salmon enjoyed by my wife & I. Also a very good bottle of Pinot Grigio. We will definitely return.
loved this place since i seen peter kelly on best chef . the food here is amazing as the decor. The staff is attentive, and the brunch is phenomenal. the location is superb~ dinner at sunset and a glass of red wine.
I'm relatively picky about what I think a five star review should be. A restaurant that deserves fives stars has to not only impress with the food and service; the food must really do something new or the meal must present a new experience. X2O satisfied these points. I came here with the family for my birthday, and, though I was stuffed to the gills with silly-rich food, every detail was taken care of. First off, walking into the dining room is just striking. The view of the Hudson, Manhattan, the Tappan Zee bridge, the Palisades, everything--is spectacular. The room matches the food perfectly: modern, clean, and succulent. The waiter obviously couldn't compare to the ambiance, but the service came close. The breadboy (for lack of a better word) brought around a fine selection of small breads. (If you know me, you know that I think a place's bread is indicative of what's to follow. Here, this certainly proved true.) Even though one of our party was running quite late, forcing us to order for him, the service was accommodating and we were frequently visited by some sort of overseer--perhaps just a cheap ploy to make us feel considered (it worked)--to check up on how things were. I started with the ravioli with short ribs and foie gras with broccoli rabe. For someone who only eats foie gras a few times a year, this was super-rich. But it was soooo good! I couldn't compromise, and the plate was cleaned. Next up was the rib eye to share with my sister--the quintessential steak dinner with Béarnaise, creamed spinach, and potato au gratin. Again, this course was just so damn rich, but once a year, OK. I've not much potato au gratin, but this was just silly-good. I finished with the velvet cake--divine--and watched as my mom wrestled with a sculptural feat of architecture, the caramel "pedestal" that came with her brûlée. With X2O, Peter Kelly has managed to bring his fantastic culinary creations to a hip setting and modern ambiance. I'm simply grateful. No wonder, then, X2O was rated the most popular restaurant in Westchester by Zagat. It covers--and exceeds--all the bases, and chucks in a few more for good measure. 5/5. And the presentation, of course, was simply wonderful.
Probably one of the best and most rewarding experience I've received from a restaurant. My boyfriend made reservations to surprise me and I was left in awe. The service was beyond amazing and the food was no exception. We ordered the cowboy ribeye for two, the special of the day tuba tartar with wasabi foam, the octopus appetizer and scallops on the house from the chef. What a fantastic night!!!
My boyfriend and I returned for our anniversary again recently, and I have to renew my review to reflect the continued excellence of X2O, which is, in my opinion, the best restaurant in Westchester.   We arrived a little early, and sat on the pier by the river watching the sun dip behind the Palisades.  When we stepped inside, we were afforded views of that beautiful glow of dusk in three different directions from the floor to ceiling windows.   I sipped on a Peach Bellinitini as we perused the menu, tweaked to reflect the season.  C ordered a special appetizer, which was layers of raw tuna, salmon, and creme fraiche, topped with pistachios, in a playful twist on a parfait.  I ordered a cool split pea soup, pale green and summery, with bits of bacon and croutons on top.  On the side came a smoked salmon and goat cheese spring roll, which I loved. For our entrees, C got the rack of lamb, which was served with an Indian-inspired cous cous and some vegetables.  The lamb was perfectly cooked, very tender.  I ordered a steak, also perfectly cooked, which was crusted with peppercorns.  It came with tiny potatoes and sauteed buttery swiss chard.   We lingered outside on the deck for a few minutes before tucking into our dessert: coffee and tea and a massive piece of red velvet cake (the peach sabayon and belgian chocolate timbale also caught our eye).  Creamy mascarpone frosting adorned the three towering crimson layers-- it was fabulous. Peter Kelly was there that night, and we caught a glimpse of him working in the kitchen.  We love X2O and find that it's a perfect place to celebrate special occasions.
One of our friends from Brooklyn took the three of us to this beautiful restaurant for the three-course lunch.  The meals were delicious as we ordered the Berkshire Pork Loin, Basil Glazed King Salmon, and Char Grilled Skirt Steak.  All were served promptly as were our appetizers, salads and wine.  The desserts were quite amazing as the portions of cake were huge. We would like to return here for dinner as the views down the Hudson would be absolutely stunning.  They were also filming in the room for a local newscast, and we found ourselves for a few seconds on the 11 p.m. Channel 7 news.   Chef Kelley made the rounds and spent a few minutes speaking with us about our travels and his luncheon menu.  All in all, this was an excellent dining experience, and even the ride up on the train from Manhattan was fun for us.
This is a nice quaint restaurant.  I was told the scenery is amazing, but we had evening reservations, and it was pitch black outside, but you do get a tiny view of the city skyline. Food here is great, but pricy.  I highly recommend the grilled octopus as an appetizer. It was tender and juicy. For entree, the cowboy ribeye is their signature dish to be shared between two. It's an expensive dish, but we'll worth the cost.  The steak was delicious and the sides even better. For dessert I tried the creme brûlée. I was hoping for the caramel flan, but they only offer it at lunch. Yelp states the dress code is dressy, but it's more like business casual.
With chefs opening new restaurants left and right and going out for different business ventures only to make their flagship restaurants suffer and the quality decrease, even some old standards losing stars (insert gasp here), I thought it was time to update a not so old review. Chef Kelly is quite the genius in my opinion. I was here yet again recently, but for dinner with a large group. You see, in my mind there's no point in looking at old reviews because obviously the menu changes seasonally and it only seems to get more and more amazing. Everything was loved by all at the table, but I'll give a run through of what I had for this summer season. For appetizers, around the table, the lobster crepe (which is usually on the menu in warmer weather) was loved by all who had it. I had the Portuguese octopus over fregola with apples, which was without a doubt the best octopus I've had to date. The texture and flavor were spot on and the serving is so generous. We all shared the warm shellfish broth with dashi and uni and tempura haricot verts on the side. This was my first time eating uni, it reminded me that Chef Kelly peppers his menu with Asian ingredients in such a wonderful way. It was delightful and I probably could have just kept eating that but there was so much more to be had. We also all had the bone marrow topped with escargot and pesto and pancetta toast on the side. This was also my first time having this and I'd have to say I would eat escargot a lot more if it always tasted like this. It was the perfect counterbalance in texture to the bone marrow. Not on the menu at the time were the coconut shrimp which are a family favorite but a quick mention to the waiter who checked with the kitchen who graciously said they could indeed make them for us. Now realizing I was full and ordered an entree I had to do some deep breathing. We ordered the cowboy ribeye for the table, which is pretty much always on the menu. The quail saltimbocca was in a few different spots and enjoyed very much. I had this dish, only slightly different, last summer. The farro is treated almost like a risotto and the whole meal is a delight, showcasing yet another skill set from another region. The little one had the usual roast chicken which is always amazing. There were soft shell crabs, pork chops and my entree which was the boneless beef short rib (eat it with a spoon for fun) over parsnip puree with crispy strips of parsnip on top with a slightly ginger taste to them and a side of crisped cauliflower. The menu was much larger than usual and displayed all of Chef Kelly's fortes. Dessert was amazing as well. I opted for the Alsatian cheesecake on chocolate shortbread crust topped with berries. It was sort of reminiscent of panna cotta but like no other cheesecake I'd had before and absolutely delightful, not heavy at all after all of the food I ate. The little one had the passion fruit pavlova which is ridiculously light and refreshing and an adorable little dessert. The one that blew me away however was the carrot cake which seemed to be some sort of hybrid with each layer being soaked in some sort of creme anglaise then filled and stacked with a mascarpone frosting. I had the hubby take that home in the hopes of getting a third wind. I didn't, but I did eat it anyway. Now, Chef Kelly does have restaurants up and down the Hudson, but this is probably the most popular and with very good reason. However, he seems to slowly get into new business ventures and things are done in a way that other chefs could probably take note of. His most recent venture is Slovenia Vodka "the chef's vodka" and probably one of my favorite straight vodkas in a while. It is ridiculously smooth. It's two spokesmen are Bill Murray (Hudson connection right there) and Mikhail Baryshnikov for which a new drink is named "The Misha" which is Slovenia Vodka with lemon and ginger. Probably one of my new favorite drinks as well. However, with all of this development and with all of the side activity, the flagship, the most common of all of the restaurants, does not suffer. Amazing views, amazing food and top notch service. It's worth a visit.
Peter Kelly does not disappoint!  For such an accomplished chef to open his retaurants during restaurant week on Friday and Saturday nights, and also include such a wide menu of options is commendable.  Are you listening, Mario Batali?  The views here are spectacular.  You have heard "on the water" before, but they aren't kidding here.  You can see the GW and TZ bridges and you are literally ON THE WATER. I had spicy tuna roll which was excellent.  My sirloin was served in large slices rather than a whole steak on the bone.  Came with mashed potatoes and string beans.  The beans were fresh, but the dish reminded me of wedding-style presentation.  The sirloin was very tender though, and I enjoyed the glaze.  Banana bread pudding for dessert was excellent, as were the macaroons they give you with the check. Gave it a four because I like his other Rockland establishments better.
I had an excellent time here with a seven-person party. Xaviars made the birthday celebration very elegant, tasty, and special. My swordfish was excellent. The greens on the plate also went very well. Everyone's dish was pretty incredible, including the quail (a special for the night), duck, rabbit, and steak. The steak, in particular, was really amazingly cooked and large for the price. But the most props go to the desserts. Each of us got a different dessert, and they were all excellent and beautiful. The caramel souffle and black and brulee were the winners of the table. Do save room for dessert! Beautiful views of the water. A really great dining experience. Perfect for a special occasion.
I said in my previous review that I'm over the whole "Peter Kelly" empire, and this time I mean it. I've eaten here several times over the years, and in the past 2-3 years, it's definitely gone downhill, and today was the last visit I'll ever make there. The brunch used to be much better quality. But my mother in law had some gift cards, so away we went. Today, we arrived at 2:10 for our 2 pm reservation. We were told they were ''very busy'' and it would be about a 20 minute wait. 25 minutes later, we were finally seated. Ok. We were informed that there was unlimited prosecco and offered prosecco, a mimosa, or a bellini. All 3 of us chose a bellini. We were also told our waiter would be over to answer any questions about the menu and tell us the specials. We had our pick of bread, and then the waiter came by to take our order. When I asked him "aren't there specials?" we were informed that all of the specials were sold out. That's too bad, because the menu hasn't changed much and to me, the options were pretty boring & uninspired. We placed our orders and then received intermittent appetizers (mushroom ravioli, tempura tuna sushi, coconut shrimp, and baby lamb chop). The coconut shrimp and mushroom ravioli were pretty good. The lambchop wasn't half bad either, but again, the last time I came for brunch was about 3-4 years ago, and I'm positive they had the lamb chop and ravioli back then. More prosecco was poured, and we waited for the peach puree to be added. Nope. We asked the waiter and he promptly brought some over to put into our prosecco. Finally the entrees came out, and they were reminiscent of cafeteria food. My husband and his mom both got the berkshire pork loin. My husband said the pork tasted & looked as though it had been sitting out. It was dry and pre-sliced, and he didn't finish it. I ordered the roast NY strip, and it came in 2 thin slices, not cooked the way I requested, and chewy as all hell. We all ate our entrees, because nobody came to check on us. Had they, I definitely would have expressed my displeasure and ordered something else. To boot, the slice of meat on the underneath was clearly cooked past medium, which is why I guess it was hidden underneath the top slice. Overall, I picked around the meat and had much gristle left over and was completely dissatisfied with my entree. The potatoes were the best thing on the plate. Desserts were slightly less disappointing. My husband and I had the black & brulee, which wasn't served with a raspberry sauce as advertised, but chocolate syrup. The creme brulee layer was good, but the bottom layer of cake was dry. I love dessert, and I didn't finish it. Then, we sat for a good 10 minutes, and had to ask for the check. Overall, we were happy we had a gift card, otherwise we all would have complained (and really, should have) about our food. For $120 for 3, it definitely was not up to par. It seems they've grown complacent, yet it was plenty crowded. Even the last visit (when we went for dinner, with the regular menu) was mixed, and this was downhill. We would not return.
Come to this place for good drinks, service, and a nice ambiance, but not for a mind blowing culinary experience. After reading about Peter Kelly and learning about all his restaurants (and how he beat Bobby Flay in Iron Chef), I was excited to try this place. In fact, he was actually in-house that evening and he came over to say hi to our table. I'd say the best part of our meal was the appetizers. I had the lobster crepe and the scallops, both were flavorful, well balanced, and TASTY. It might have even ruined my appetite for my entree since I ate every last bit of it. Others in my group ordered salads, which looked bright and fresh, except for the one that had bacon in it. The salad seemed drab and looked quite muddy once the dressing was incorporated in. As an entree, we had the the venison and the sweet breads. I was a little turned off to the fact that the venison was pre-cut upon arrival, but I suppose they did that to keep the meat tender since venison is so lean. The sweetbreads were a HUGE portion, and was a little daunting to dig into after such rich appetizers. They were crispy on the outside, cooked very well, but lacked a nice sauce to balance out the fact that the sweetbreads are such a fatty and rich gland. The greens beneath the sweetbreads were just too soaked in butter to enjoy. That's rarely a complaint for me because I pretty much enjoy everything in butter, but overall this dish was just too heavy for no reason. For dessert, we ordered a type of mousse which was too sweet to enjoy more than a few bites of, so I was happy we shared. The captain sent us a complimentary slice of carrot cake, which was by far the better of the two desserts. The cake was moist and delicious, and the marshmallow frosting and candied pecans were a perfect pair with the cake. As usual, I had a dirty martini and that was made very well. They even accommodated those who wanted blue cheese stuffed olives. Very nice evening but would probably not come back as I was not that impressed and it is somewhat pricey. For a group of 6, however, I didn't think it was a terrible value for the experience.   PS- Upon arrival I noticed that the place was absolutely beautiful with a great view, but the menus itself were beat-up and shabby looking. Get new menus X20!
This place is probably the best place to go to for brunch or Restaurant week. Amazing everything. Beautiful ambience, great location (by the water, near the Science barge), and a spectacular view, the food tastes 10 times better than it looks. I've had brunch here, where they have unlimited champagne. Reserve waaayy in advance. For restaurant week, I had the Tuna Roll with Avocado, Caramelized Soy & Wasabi Mayo as a starter. In between, a baguette or two. Wine was Malbec. I had the Defiant Beer Braised Short Ribs of Beef and Creamy White Polenta & Fried Cauliflower for my entree, and it was a nice hunk (that's what she said). The cauliflower was amazing. For dessert, it was the Peanut Butter Brownie on top of Tahitian Vanilla Creme Brûlée, I think I must have tasted Tahiti. Don't forget the peanut brittle before you leave.
This was my second foray into Peter Kelly's world (the first being Restaurant X), and let me say: my first experience was awful.  However, X2O made up for the first experience and then some.  I was admittedly inspired to re-try Peter Kelly because of Anthony Bourdain's recent visit to this place. Pros: Beautiful freaking view of both the Tappan Zee and the GW, the truly delcious food, the inexpensive valet parking, the truly professional wait staff, the expansive and well-appointed dining room.  Plus, the waiter served me what might have been the best martini I've ever had.  Yum! Cons: The Valet parking was really backed up when I arrived, making me late for my reservation (unless you know the area, parking is a bit confusing).  Another con: I can't come here more often...counting the days until Hudson Valley Restaurant Week!
Husband and I enjoyed a Sunday night dinner at X20: a perfect ambiance and dinner decision. Located on the Yonkers "waterfront", across the way from the Palisades, X20 is picturesque. This is easily a place for late 20s-30s restaurant. Heck, if you appreciate food,  you will enjoy X20. Just remember to dress business casual. Disclaimer: Manhattan prices, but SO worth it. SURPRISE! X20 was offering a Groupon many, many months ago, and quite lucky we were! The reviews on Zagat & Yelp'osphere are divine. If another Groupon pops up, SNAG IT. You'll be pleased. Previously, I have dined in the Dylan Lounge for a Restaurant Week Lunch so I knew the food would be great! Between the two of us, Hubby and I ordered: Shrimp with watermelon salad and Gazpacho with manchego grilled cheese as starters. The shrimp was grilled to perfection with a mix of Yellow and Red watermelon stack with a balsamic glaze. A rather large appetizer portion, if I say so myself! The Gazpacho was flavorful and incredibly refreshing. The Manchego grilled cheese was a great pairing for the Gazpacho. Two drinks- a Cab and Malbec... Feel free to be more adventurous with your wine selection. If you're not sure what pairing would go well with your meal, feel free to ask your server. (Pssst- I don't think I saw a Somelier, but ask and you may receive!). For our main dishes Hubby had the special Lamb chops- perfectly done!  and a nicely grilled, tad salty NY Sirloin- with mashed potatoes and spinach. We ordered a small side of Mushroom risotto which came in a Staub hot dish- very buttery. Deserts in the form of Creme Brulee with sugar twille and Panna cotta.   I can't rave enough about the food. Each dish was unique and flavorful. X20 is the type of place, where you should expect dinner to be the main entertainment of the evening. Don't forget to make reservations ahead of time! If you can squeeze in a sunset reservation time, you will likely be able to experience a beautiful sunset on the horizon and have a view of the GWB. I also particularly enjoyed that I could easily carry a conversation without screaming over the noise- it was a very calming dinner.
This is the second time we have celebrated a special occasion here, the first being Valentine's Day and last night our anniversary.  Beatiful view of the Hudson River, top notch service and excellent inventive cuisine. Entrees of pork cooked two ways and hake with mushrooms and cauliflower were both delish.  A nice touch is the bag of peanut brittle the hostess hands you on your way out.   I have to note that the ladies room is nice and clean with baskets of towels.  If the bathroom is clean you know the owner cares about his clientele, if it's not you should leave. Even though in my estimation the best restaurants are on Long Isand, this is worth the trip over the bridge.  You can even go play the slots after dinner at the Empire City casino.
I saw this restaurant once on the Travel channel with Anthony Bourdain and wanted ti try it for a while. I had hired a car for the Labor Day weekend and thought I'd take the opportunity to drive up from Manhattan to Yonkers and finally try this place out! The restaurant views were awesome - it was a nice sunny day, and the Hudson River looked absolutely gorgeous with the view of Manhattan in a distance. Restaurant was spacious with high ceilings and glass windows all around to let in the view. Upon being seated, we noticed the chairs were pretty worn out, but we also noticed the menu book was worn out and falling apart?? It was one of those menus that look like a book you open but the edged were frayed and the menu discolored - why can't they get new menus? Surely that doesn't cost a lot. Now onto the food - my husband and I had the $25 pre-fixe 3 course lunch and the food was enjoyable, but nothing blew me away. Everything was cooked well but the menu was boring - perhaps the worn out menus show how dated the menu is. Service was fine but it was not very crowded when we came for lunch - maybe 5 tables. Valet parking at the front was $4 if you dine at the restaurant and get the ticket stamped at X2O which made things easy. I had a nice time, enjoyed getting out of the city, and the beautiful view but I probably wouldn't return - especially given the effort to get here from Manhattan. Two stars for food but up to three stars for the view.
We went for Hudson Valley Restaurant Week. X20 is a beatific restaurant with beautiful views of the city, George Washington Bridge and Tappan Zee Bridge. The food was just as breathtaking. I had the butternut squash rissoto to start. It was perfectly cooked, creamy but firm with nice pieces of fresh squash and asiago cheese to top. My date had the shrimp tempura roll, which was above average, very fresh and a perfect light starter to a meal. For my entree, I had the Ny Sirloin. It was prepared more like a prime rib, but was delicious, juicy, and flavorful. My date had the shrimp entree. This, wasn't the best choice. While the shrimp were nice, the rice-base to the dish was a little loose for my liking. When dessert came out, I had the apple-blackberry cobbler with cinnamon ice cream. It was so good, I wish cinnamon ice cream was served everywhere. She had the chocolate dome. It was very rich and you guessed it, chocolatety. Overall a very good night. The only thing that loses a star is that I ordered a rye old-fashioned and was served a bourbon manhattan. But I will certainly be back.
Pretty place but that's about it. I thin HV restaurant week caters to those who normally eat in shelters...I am sorry but my bread was so stale that I broke off a piece of my dental work. The appetizer which was a chicken liver mousse looked so disgusting and tasted far worse than it looked. On to my main course, the ravioli which was practically ice cold( not sure if the ovens were working) Then finally, my apple/berry cobbler served in a small jar was just thrown at me and it was most likely some pre made dessert from last week that no one wanted that was sitting in the fridge all week. The service was super slow, and the valet parking which is not free took 30 minutes!!! This may not be an entirely fair review. perhaps when it's not restaurant week, the food and service is better. I was really looking forward to going here as the reviews on all the sites are great  but frankly it was awful
Loved this place. Trekked out here with Dad for dinner the night before Father's day. At first was a bit uncertain driving through some part of Yonkers but was pleased with the complimentary valet and lovely setting that greeted us upon arrival. Began with a drink at the bar which was a little shaky just because it was crowded but then we were able to find a seat. Bartender (Joey) was friendly and generous with pours. Were seated promptly at our reservation time and from their service was spectacular. Though our head waitress seemed to have been assigned way too many tables she was friendly and knowledgeable throughout and the rest of the staff were seamless in stopping by when she was obviously swamped. Dad began with salmon sashimi from the sushi bar which was great and I had the roquefort salad. I was a little surprised by the presentation of my salad (somewhat like a wedge where you had to chop and mix yourself) but the flavors were very good. We then split the ribeye which was perfectly cooked and beautifully presented -- I liked that they showed you the cut of meat you ordered before tearing it apart. Flavor was good and very well done though to be honest I'm not sure brown sugar crust is my thing (I wouldve preferred more cayenne). Loved the creamed spinach so much that we ordered an extra helping which they comp'd and gave us the recipe for - very excited to make the simple dish. Ended with a beautiful after dinner pistachio mousse and coffee/tea. Prices were reasonable for the three course dinner for two (which included two cocktails, two glasses of wine, a decent bottle and a good tip) at under the 300 mark. We will definitely be returning, hopefully to see Kelly!
Well what can I say. We drove from nj to have dinner. We have done that many times before but this time  well it was not pleasant. We eat at the bar always and the service was terrible. The bartenders were rude and very slow but I had the pork meal was terrific.
The Final Stop on the Hudson Valley Restaurant week tour bus. And what a stop! This has got to be my favorite restaurant. I've been to brunch here twice, but never dinner, and restaurant week seemed like a fine opportunity to sample some Peter Kelly after dark. Even better, while we sat waiting for our table to be ready the man himself came out. The restaurant week theme was what we were there for so we dug right in. We started off though with some delicious crunchy french bread and garlic biscuits. The garlic biscuits were good ( my guest loved'em) but I was a bigger fan of the french bread. Appetizer for me was the warm mushroom custard with crabmeat. I had never had a warm custard before and I'm not that fond of crabmeat, however I wanted to try it since I first saw it on the menu at the beginning of restaurant week. Wowwee! It was like some of the finest cream of mushroom soup I've ever had, in semi solid form. My guest got the "Ulster County salad" it had goat cheese and some greens....she said it was good, but lets be honest. Its a salad. Ho-hum. Moving on. I'd been to a few other restaurant week joints over the past two weeks, but I was saving choosing steak as my entree for X2O. Thin sliced london broil cooked rare (and perfectly so), with a pomodoro bearnaise (bearnaise blended with tomato), green beans and potato mousseline, with a red wine reduction. Besides the green beans being slightly salty, this was a knockout. My guest got sake soy glazed salmon with orzo, which she liked. At this point we had gotten through our first bottle of Hudson Valley wine. While I like drinking wine, I really don't know much about picking one out. At this point our waiter earned his tip by going so far as to let us sample two different wines, before bringing us over a third, which I thought was delicious. At this point between the wine and food I was feeling a bit full, but I managed to get through about half my red velvet cake with mascarpone and vanilla sauce. I thought it was delicious, my guest thought the sauce could have been a little sweeter. Desert isn't my specialty, but it is hers. She got the chocolate dome, which was chocolate cake, covered in a chocolate with more chocolate dumped on top, and with some raspberry sauce I believe. She gave it rave reviews. From top to bottom an amazing meal. The service was spot on, we never felt rushed and they were always super helpful. For brunch or dinner X2O is a great choice. Oh, and just to comment on the venue itself, day or night X2O is a great scene, but during the day it is SLIGHTLY nicer since you can see the Hudson River. Inside though the restaurant is beautifully arranged.
Cowboy Steak!! $70 (for two) for the most amazing steak you will EVER have in your entire life! Incredible! The setting is great, one of best views I've seen in NY/NJ. All around a great place to go if you have the expendable money. Very pricey, but very worth it!! Been twice, plan to return very soon.
One of the best restaurants out there. You will not be disappointed, great food, service and a wonderful setting. Love it!
I've been here twice...once for dinner and for a recent Sunday brunch.  I live in Brooklyn so getting here is quite the journey and I have to tell you, it's amazing.  It's very easy to get to by train -- only a short 30 minute train ride on the MetroNorth -- and the restaurant is a 3 minute walk or so from the station. The dinner experience I had with my GF was great.  My steak was perfect.  The crazy looking creme brulee that looked like a flying saucer.  The sommelier recommended for us the perfect wine to accompany our meal.  The wine list is almost too expansive, but there are a lot of affordable options for us twenty-somethings. The brunch too was great.  $38 all-you-can drink prix-fixe with an app, entree, and dessert.  mmmm.  And they pass around some little things too, like coconut shrimp, mushroom ravioli, and rack of lamb.  I liked the shrimp, but it had a propane / gassy aftertaste to it.  But yes, I had another steak and it was great as well.  And a different creme brulee from what I had previously.  The champagne too flowed and my glass was always full.   The view, of course, is amazing.  But hey, it's still Yonkers.  Really.  After our brunch meal, we walked along the waterfront and witnessed a huge brawl between like 15 teenagers.  The cops came in no time and we talked to the cops to give our eye-witness accounts.   Overall, this is a great special occasion meal -- for anniversaries, graduations.  Or if you have some friends visiting from out of town and really want to wow them...and well, they'll definitely be wowed if they witness a huge brawl right next to the restaurant.
My Mom and Step Dad came into town for a long planned visit. Since they are avid food lovers like ourselves, we wanted to bring them to a place that would leave them feeling like they had experienced the most amazing meal served in Westchester County. I could only think of Chef Peter Kelly and X2O. When we arrived, we were promptly greeted by the gracious staff. We sat in Dylan's Lounge to wet our whistles while working up our appetite. The views were spectacular. While sipping our cocktails, we were able to gaze directly onto the Hudson River and the New York City skyline. There isn't much that can impress you more than a sight like that. Once we were seated at our table, we were pleasantly surprised by the sight of Chef Peter Kelly himself. He was strolling through the dining room, greeting guests in his chef coat. I took the opportunity to walk up to him and tell him how much I admired him. He was friendly, witty and kind. He had an incredible smile that was so contagious! We took a picture with him and he gave me a big hug. Such a typical Irishman. He totally buttered me up! I couldn't wait to get our meal started, especially since I knew he would be in the kitchen. Our first course were colorful and scrumptious appetizers. We had the Ravioli with short ribs and truffle butter with grated Amoretti and Broccoli Rabe. When I say each bite was decadent, it is an understatement. We also enjoyed the Iceberg Lettuce salad with Green Goddess dressing with crumbled bacon and roquefort. The appetizer special was a sushi dish with Yellowtail, mango and avocado that was unforgettable. Dinner was exceptional. I devoured the Hoisin Glazed Breast of Duckling with BBQ Duck Steamed Bun with Cucumber Mustard Greens & Onion Coulis with Shiso. I am still having daydreams of this dish. It was so tender, flavorful and out of this world. The table had Porcini Crusted Saddle of Lamb with Creamy Spaetzle & White Asparagus; Roast Rack of Berkshire Black Hog Boulangere Potatoes with Thyme & Bacon, Crispy Brussels Sprouts & Sauce NormandeLamb Jus & Roasted Maitaki Mushroom and Grilled Prime NY Sirloin Truffled Potato Puree & Pommes Soufflé Garlic & Herb Butter with Leaf Spinach. Am I the only one that is completely swooning at this point? Just when we thought that our meal could not have exceeded our expectations any more than it already had, Peter Kelly decided to come back and visit us for a second time. He waltzed right over to our table and asked if we enjoyed our meal and how everything was. At this point, I could have fallen off my chair and kissed his shoes. Alas, we ended the meal with a handshake and a friendly conversation with a culinary artist that we all had great respect for and felt like an old friend. What a night, what a meal... and what a memory we will never forget.
Yum!  Great food, nice staff and a lovely space!  Expensive but worth it. Great view as well!
An Ok experience overall, nothing special. Service good but unenthusiastic and dry. Decor and location were the best part. The food is really on a down side. I seriously don't know how people can like this food. Food was mildly hot when it came out. Ribeye for 2 would better be prep-ed at the dinner, it looks good but tastes awful, for $80. Shrimp dish was ok. Did not like the apps nor the side dishes. Would not go back with even a $200 gift card in advance.
AMAZING restaurant. It's located right by the Hudson River and has amazing views of the city. We got to see the sun setting over the Hudson and down to NYC while eating our absolutely delicious meal. The interior is absolutely stunning and the wait staff were extremely attentive. My meal was delicious and the chef was willing to accommodate me (I'm a vegetarian) by preparing a veggie-friendly dish. I had a fantastic time here and I would absolutely recommend it to anybody who wanted to celebrate an anniversary, promotion, engagement, etc. BONUS: They have free peanut brittle by the reception desk!
Peter Kelly continues his tradition of incomparably excellent dining with his new restaurant in the revitalized Yonkers waterfront District, X20.  Having eaten at two other Peter Kelly restaurants I looked forward to trying this new restaurant from the time that they first announced it two or three years ago.  It was worth the wait and I certainly was not disappointed.  The atmosphere is a little less formal than Xaviar's in Piermont but the food is still first class. I ate there for my birthday with my fiance and we had for appetizers a spaghetti Chitarra and a Toro Sashimi with a peach glaze, both which were excellent.  For our entrees we had a smoked boar and bacon dish with butternut squash and a striped bass over curry flavored roasted cauliflower and basmati rice.  Both extremely tasty and expertly made which is nothing less than what you'd expect from a Peter Kelly restaurant.  We also had a side of Rissotto made of wild mushroom and red wine syrup which was probably the creamiest and more buttery thing we've ever eaten.  For dessert we had the espresso and chocolate cake and also the warm pistachio cake which topped off a superb meal. The service was also excellent and we had dinner overlooking the Hudson river which was also very nice.  Overall, I loved X20 - not as much as Xaviar's in Piermont but since our meal cost half the price of what we eat at Xaviar's its certainly worthwhile.
We went for the prix fixe Easter dinner this year.  It was windy and cold but the sky was clear blue and the view was outstanding. Began with an amuse bouche that consisted of two parts.  The first part was a small cup of a cold pea soup.  It was very refreshing and flavorful.  The second part was a small sampling of ceviche.  The vinegar was slightly sweet tasting with minimal citrus flavor.  It was very good.  My wife has an allergy to shrimp, crab and lobster and asked the server if there was any in the ceviche.  The server didn't know but said she would send out a different amuse bouche.  My wife enjoyed the pea soup but nothing else was ever served.  :-(   I didn't bring it up to the staff because in the same motion that they whisked away our amuse bouches they were putting our appetizers down. My appetizer was spaghetti with fresh lumps of crab meat in a light cheese/cream sauce.  It was outstanding.  Wife had an asparagus flan that was served with morels.  She seemed to really enjoy it.  Wife's son had the lobster crepe.  He polished it off so it must have been pretty good. Wife and her son both had the chateaubriand as a main course.  It was served with a nice looking potato-kugel-like portion and some creamed spinach.   I had the squab that was served on cheesy grits along with some sauteed greens and small fried cubes of panisse.  There were small mounds of a tamarind based sauce that tasted very good but really not so visually appealing. The desserts were very fun and a big hit! Wife's son had a classic creme brulee.  He devoured it.  Luckily for me he didn't like the fresh blackberries and strawberries that were served alongside. Wife had a dessert called something like Easter Bonnet.   It was chocolate ganache, mousse, caramel, little candy doodads all beautifully presented to look like an easter bonnet.  It even had bunny ears. My dessert was an Easter Egg.  It was a very large, painted, white chocolate easter egg that sat in a very large nest of spun sugar.  Inside the egg were two types of mousse.  One was mango (yolk) the other was coconut (egg white).  Another very clever and fanciful dessert! I will post pictures of the two aforementioned desserts. Overall, service was very tight.  I felt like the meal was slightly rushed upon us at the start.  The management and waitstaff were very efficient otherwise. I do have one other semi-complaint.  The staff was distributing easter baskets to the small children and female customers.  However, for some unknown reason my wife never got one.   I wanted to casually say something to one of the many managers but she discouraged it.  We have been there enough times that I would have been comfortable doing it. One last interesting note.  Chef Peter Kelly , his brother Ned, and some of his family were eating at the table behind us.  They seemed to be enjoying an enhanced prix fixe too!
What an awesome place for brunch... 3 course prix fixe, plus all you can drink champagne, and various little side servings come as you eat.  And an excellent view of the Hudson River, GW Bridge, and Manhattan! I started with the charcuterie plate as course 1 (really good), then moved on to the seafood crepe for the main course (really really good).  All the while, things like wild mushroom ravioli, tempura tuna roll, coconut shrimp with dijon mustard sauce, and roast rack of baby lamb would show up from time to time.  Naturally I went with the chocolate cake for dessert. All in all, a really nice brunch place if you want something special or have people visiting from out of town.
X20 is fantastic!!! Went with a few friends to Yonkers to try out X20 - tempered expectations as usual, despite the good reviews, and can I just say, this place knocked my socks off!   The 3 course brunch was amazing: I started with the Shrimp and Asparagus Tempura, then had the NY Sirloin with Potato Puree and Haricot Verts (made just right - not crunchy, but not too soggy either), and finally finished with the warm, soft chocolate cake and pistachio ice cream. All the while, I never saw the bottom of my Prosecco flute thanks to the more-than-extraordinarily attentive wait staff. As an added bonus, the prix fixe includes samplings of delicious treats like Coconut Shrimp, Roast Rack of Baby Lamb, Crispy Tuna Roll and Wild Mushroom Ravioli.  With amazing views of the river to boot, this is basically a steal for only around $40.
This place is gorgeous.  The view, the decor it's all wonderful.  $3 valet parking makes it really easy to decide what to do with the car, although since I only live one train stop away, it was stupid to bring the vehicle.  I loved the paintings of Yonkers landmarks, especially the twin stacks of the old power plant on the Hudson that I look at everyday from my window. So why 4 stars and not 5?  Well the menu for me was very limited.  I'm highly allergic to fungus, so truffles and mushrooms are out.  That killed about 90% of the menu, both apps and entrees.  Yeah, I know it's French, but I can't help it. That being said, I had the special crispy pork belly app, with a mango salad.  The salad was great, perfect actually.  The pork belly was not crispy enough for me.  Too greasy and way too much fat.  I knew what I was getting into, but I was a bit disappointed. My entree however was wonderful.  They had a special veal with a pesto pasta.  It may have been the best veal I have ever had.  The flavor was top notch and bursting out, the pasta was perfect.   For dessert I had a slice of red velvet cake.  It was huge and delicious.  I couldn't finish it, but it was one of the better red velvets I have had.
What a location! The view... Stunner. The restaurant is spacious, with clean, classy, minimalist decor. The service, friendly and buttoned-up. My prix fixe lunch started w/the coconut shrimp - divine! My cod fish main was also served beautifully and cooked to perfection. The dishes are very French, rich & buttery, which I'm not that used to - but the flavors are flavalicious. It was definitely an impressive experience, feeling like a small-time baller. I hear it can be stuffy in the evenings, though.
Had an excellent meal here this evening as part of Hudson Valley Restaurant Week. The service is top notch as well.
My boyfriend and I had been trying to go to X20 for the last few months and never seemed to be able to make our reservations due to unexpected illnesses or things of that nature. We were so excited that we could actually get a reservation the weekend of our anniversary. We had an 8pm reservation and arrived about 30 minutes early, so the hostess showed us to the bar where we had a drink before we were seated. I will say that the bartender was a bit smug when I ordered my cosmo with raspberry Stoli as if it was some kind of inferior drink, but whatever, we weren't there for the bar. I can say that may have soured the evening if we had just been there to have a drink at the bar.  But luckily, greater things awaited us in the dining room. We were seated at a banquet. One side of the table had a view of the bridge, the other had a view of the rest of the dining room. We ordered the short rib and fois gras ravioli. and the sweetbreads for appetizers. My boyfriend had the boar chop with pork belly for his entree. I wanted the rib eye steak, but it's typically for two people. However, the waiter was very gracious and asked the kitchen to prepare a single portion for me. It was amazing! It was the single best meal I have ever had. My boyfriend loved his chop, but said that my steak was like a little piece of heaven. We were so full from our meal that we didn't have room for dessert, but we will definitely make sure to save room next time. And there will DEFINITELY be a next time. I highly recommend X2O for anyone seeking the best meal possible in the greater NYC area. AMAZING!
We had the pre-fixe lunch on a Wed afternoon after D graduated from NYU grad school. Yay!!  I must say it was pretty darn good.  The mushroom stuffed raviolis were awesome, I only wish there were more of them.  I also had the steak, which came w/ a side of mashed and green beans.  Perfectly cooked and very much to my liking.  For dessert I had some chocolate lava cake thing-a-ma-bob (I am to lazy right now to look @ the menu, that is not the official name) which was also d-lish.   The view was pretty good, except for the fact they need some window washers out there. Otherwise a rather enjoyable experience.  I would def return if the opportunity presented itself.
A cold but sunny day among friends and loved ones, a impromptu trip up the Hudson valley and a dizzying drive back home resulted in an unexpected stop by X2O. The views are spectacular, regardless of the table you sit at, the attention to detail in everything from the food to the arrangement of the flowers was exceptional and the service was warm and friendly. Do Try: The Montauk skate wing with asparagus tips The freshly made tagliatelle Espresso (perfect ending to a delicious meal) Tip: Come here with at least 3 hours to spare closer to the end of the day and enjoy the spectacular sunset views.
Fine dining in Yonkers?  Yes it's true. We went early 5pm so we would not conflict with my infant daughter's bedtime and the staff was very accommodating.  Gave us a window seat (amazing view of the GWB) and we ordered a plate of mashed potatoes right away to keep her entertained through a 2 hour meal. Very friendly and attentive service throughout as would be expected. Interesting menu, The choices at these types of places tends to be overly inventive for my tastes, which was true here as well but what we ordered was awesome. I didn't leave a morsel behind. Well done all around by Peter Kelly.
X20 was a big disappointment. I'd heard about the great food, and I'm going to guess that the greatness of this place depends very much on the day you go. The appetizers were very mediocre and way too salty. The ambiance is nice but not amazing (though I was there at night, so I couldn't see the views). It was SO COLD in the restaurant that we all had to get our coats back from the coat check. The halbut was overcooked and lacked that delicate, flakey texture halbut should have. the fish itself had no taste and the sauce was a bit overpowering. Nothing seemed to work just right in this expensive restaurants. Too bad--because we spent $700 on the bill for my dad's 9 person birthday dinner, and we all said we would have had better food at the Cheesecake Factory or Le Pain Quotedien. The service was fine and nice, but I didn't feel as if I were at a 5 star restaurant at all. I definitely would not recommend this restaurant based on my experience.
I've been wanting to try this place out for a long time.  Finally, this week, I went for a prix fixe lunch with a friend.  We made reservations since its graduation week and the restaurant appeared to be full.   First of all, the views from the restaurant are incredible.  You will see directly out unto the Hudson River, far enough away, so that you will not be aware of the disgusting sludge and murky waters they really are.  Instead,  you will only see the blue waters with sunlight glinting off the river.   The prix fixe menu offered a variety that I think will please almost any palate.   Beware the bread man who comes around every few minutes and puts little crusty sourdough mini baguettes on your plate.  You will happily stuff your face and have no room for your 3 course meal.  There is REAL butter, like 1/2 a stick that they give at the table.  I wonder if its a plugra type because it tasted unually rich.  Either that or I just haven't had real butter in a while. I started with the Wild Mushroom Ravioli, and my friend, the Goat Cheese Mango salad.   I loved my ravioli and wished they made a whole entree of it.   It consisted of 3 handmade pockets stuffed with chopped mushrooms.  The brown sauce was slightly tangy with just the right amount of salt.   For my entree I chose the Pork Loin.   This came with 2 perfectly cooked, lean pieces of tenderloin pork.  The meat was so tender i wondered if it was brined.  (Although I don't think this is a common technique for pork, but what do I know?) It came with a side of greens, I believe it was Swiss Chard.  I loved how the chard was cooked just enough but retained the integrity of the stalky, fibrous texture.  These greens sat atop serving of polenta.  It was cheesy and creamy, no lumps of any kind.  There was a reduction/sauce on the side.  I practically licked my plate clean, it was almost embarrassing!  I emphasize the ALMOST here.     My friend had the cod on orzo. The cod had a glaze, almost a caramelization on it.  She said it was tasty and flavorful and found it to her liking, especially since cod is usually bland, uless you know how to cook it.  So I guess they know how to do that here at X2O!   For dessert I had the chocolate cake with pistachio icecream.  The cake was actually a little muffin.  It was not too sweet so it was a good match for the icecream.  If it was a sweet cake I think it would have been overkill.   I was actually jealous of my friend's flan.  It looked delicious and there were fresh fruits all around it.  I think I'll get that next time.   All in all, a great culinary experience.  Food is at par with ambiance and service.  I may upgrade to a 5 star experience if I come back and its just as good.  Next time I will try the brunch on Sundays.  From what my friend tells me, they keep the hors d'oeuvres and champagne coming.
Perfect. In every sense of the word. Perched on the Yonkers waterfront, you have amazing views of the Hudson River, the GW bridge, and Tappan Zee bridge. HIGHLY recommend the cowboy ribeye. As well as the caramel pedestal creme bruele. God Bless you Peter Kelly!
I have went here on both my birthdays the past year. Everything I have EVER tried has been wonderful and delicious. Atmosphere A+ Service + Food + Everything + LOVE IT.
Heard about X20 from a friend who grew up in the area, and had to try it.  So glad we did!  The food was incredible, and the atmosphere was lovely- I suggest making a reservation that allows you to be there at sunset.  They treated us great- Chef Kelly himself even came by to wish my husband a happy birthday.  Great spot for a special occasion.
I see many raving reviews about this restaurant and I truly want to add one more, however, no matter how hard I try, I cant. I keep giving this place a chance again and again, however, every visit is a disappointment. My first visit was based on a recommendation of my friends, who are local politicians / business people and frequent place for business related meetings. I took my mother for a dinner that I was hoping would be special, unfortunately, it was quickly ruined once she detected that the butter they brought to the table to serve with the bread was rancid. The rest of the dinner no longer mattered to her. On the next occasion, about a year later, I came in with my significant other. While enjoying a lovely dinner and a spectacular view of both bridges, we observed a little mouse running in the dining room between the tables. I thought it was funny, the table next to us figured what the excitement was all about and the lady was less than delighted at the prospect of sharing her dinner with a mouse. She freaked out a bit and asked to be moved to a different table. We kept ourselves entertained by looking for the mouse and following his whereabouts till the end of the dinner. The mouse was sited by me and my significant other a few more times. A maitre'd came to our table, he seemed devastated, he was apologetic, he was thankful to us for keeping it all light and cool and not freaking out etc etc etc We got free glasses of cheap wine and it was lovely. Tonight , I took a couple of friends who are visiting me out of town. We sat at the table in a bar area, not the main dining room. We got the most loud and overbearing waiter who was clearly trying to assert himself from the get go. When the main courses were served and my braised beef arrived, I realized that I had no steak knife... As the waiter was passing by, I attempted to attract his attention, he literally shooshed me, continued on his way, completed whatever task he was performing, came back to me and asked me what I needed even though I stated before that I would like to have a steak knife.... It's as if he wanted to put me in my place and was telling me to wait my turn :-)  As he passed me the knife, he went into explaining that they don't serve the beef with the steak knife, the explanation that I never asked for... I suggested that maybe they should, to which he replied that they don't!!!!! The bottom line is, if you want to be shooshed reprimanded and put in your place by a waiter of a restaurant where beef is served with no steak knife, mice are running and butter is rancid, visit X2O!
I LOVE this restaurant. It is perfect for a special occasion. The view is beautiful and so is the bread, so make sure to come with an appetite. Also, my favorite dish is the brown-sugar cayenne paper glazed prime rib -- it's a serving for two. Enjoy your visit! PS there's a lot of on-street parking in the area so you don't have to do valet.
- Valet parking options: $3 for the high schoolers to drive your vehicle to the garage down the block and leave it there or $10 for the high schoolers to pull your vehicle up onto the curb in front of the restaurant.  And leave your key on one of your wheels.  Say what?! - "Elevator out of order.  Please take stairs."  The printed sign looks like it's at least a few months old -- clearly, management is trying to save a few dollars.   - Lovely views of the Hudson... through bird-poop streaked windows.   - Appetizer: Ravioli with short ribs and foie gras.  Ravioli did nothing for the short ribs - the texture was too similar to provide contrast and the doughiness detracted from the taste of the meat.  There was a hint of foie gras, but not enough to stand up to or compliment the short rib spices.  Total miss.   - Appetizer: Crispy sweet bread medallions.  Overcooked and dry.  When was the last time you had DRY sweet bread?!  Exactly.  Complete miss.   - Entree: Porcini crusted saddle of lamb.  Me: Where is the lamb from?  Waiter: Huh?  What do you mean?  Me:  You know, Colorado, Australia, New Zealand... Waiter: Errrr.  Like where did it live?  Yeah, okay, New Australia.  (Hint: Just tell me you don't know or will find out.  If you're going to wing it, perhaps get an atlas.)  Lamb was cooked medium when I asked for medium rare, but was executed nicely.   - Entree: Grilled prime NY sirloin.  Again, a bit overcooked, but classic presentation and execution.   - Dessert: Frozen Caramel Soufle with cardamom donuts.  Good but not delicious.   Overall?  I expected much more, but wouldn't venture to say I was disappointed.  After this first-time experience, X2O is definitely not on my short list for Special Occasion dining, but probably an option for out-of-towner dinners, simply for the views.
THE VIEW FROM THE RESTROOM'S FULL GLASS WALL, IS  REASON ENOUGH TO COME............    If I had twenty five dollars a day to spend on a meal, I'd use it on X2O Pre Fix Lunch.
When I use to live up in the bronx and this was our to-go-to spot for a date night when we didn't want to drive down to the city to eat.  Nothing more romantic then watching the sunset on the Hudson river!  I've only been here for dinner but food and service has always been impeccable.  Peter Kelly has also been there a few times and makes his way around to chat with guests which was a nice touch. Highly recommended are the short rib foie fras truffle ravioli (4) & cowboy steak.  I'm not one to switch things up once I've found something I love but I do remember I wasn't a huge fan of the pork two ways.. Also, I would advise to avoid going during special occasions (ie valentine's day).  Dinner was prefixed and the quality/service definitely wasn't up to its normal standards.
This place was fabulous. I went there with a group of girlfriends last Saturday. This place is highly recommended. Lovely decor, attentive staff, and great food. This was my second time going to a high end restaurant but compared to the last one, this restaurant was 10x better. I had a seafood crepe for appetizer and the NY Sirloin for the main course and chocolate cake for dessert(It''s ok I didn't eat the entire day). We had a lot of fun there. I would love to go back.
My food was excellent.  I had the sirloin with spinach and potato puree, and for dessert, my date had the chocolate cake with orange confit but the chef sent out the butterscotch pudding with lady fingers on the house; both were very tasty, but it was especially fun to get a free dessert for no apparent reason.  On top of that, they served these wonderful petit fours at the end of the meal. And if that's not enough, you have great ambiance--right on the water, nice lighting, soft music, tables spaced nicely, and not too loud--and great service.
You can never go wrong with a Peter Kelly Restuarant. I've been a fan of all three X, X20 and Xavier's always consistent great food, professional staff and just an overall great dinning experience.
I purchased a Groupon for X2O so maybe that explains the experience, but disappointed doesn't even begin to describe dinner last night. The foie gras was absolutely horrible. It was like a ham steak with pistachios in it. The Yellowtail app was gross as well. The food sucking was one thing, but the service was what made it so horrible. There was an uncomfortable 20 minute wait in between the app and entree being served, to point where I had to ask the waiter what was going on. Then there was a 15 minute wait between entree and dessert. Lastly there was a weird 10 minute wait to get the bill. 2 people eating fairly quickly shouldn't take 2+ hours. Again, maybe the Groupon signaled us as "low class" and not deserving of quality service, but we will not be returning EVER. I thought it was overrated as any restaurant I've ever been too.
Went here for our wedding anniversary thinking it would be top-notch (we had heard so many good reviews). It wasn't. The building itself is pretty decent - I'm a big fan of urban regeneration and Yonkers seems to be doing a pretty good job on this front - and the views are indeed amazing. However, when we first arrived we were greeted with the overwhelming stench of stale urine. Seriously. I had to hold my nose walking up the stairs to the main restaurant entrance. The hostess area smelled of wee too. Not a good start, especially when you're escaping from nappies (diapers) for an evening. We were seated promptly and had a table with a great view. We arrived just at sunset so it was pretty spectacular. The ordering process was a little slow and it took ages for our first drinks to arrive (grr). Our starters were ok - my husband definitely won as mine was lukewarm and not well seasoned (and it was a special!). My husband also won for the main - I ordered the shrimp, which came overcooked and were almost inedible. It was anniversary and I didn't want to fuss, so I didn't say anything. I need to stop being so British. Ordering the wine was difficult and slow - for a start, it didn't arrive until after our main course had been served and then it turned out that there wasn't a chilled bottle of what we'd ordered (they'd sold two earlier, apparently) so they had to fetch something else (grr grr). Finally, we ordered dessert (I wanted to see what they were like) and they were, well, meh. Overall, I was pretty disappointed. I'm giving this 3 stars as opposed to 1 because the service was pretty good (albeit slow) and my husband enjoyed his main meal and they brought out a lovely little anniversary dessert (better than the actual desserts we ordered - wish we'd known that they'd do this as I wouldn't have ordered an actual dessert!). They also comp'd us a digestif each as we had run into so many problems ordering wine (the first dessert wine I ordered they'd run out of, argh). I would give X20 a second try (because people were shocked that I was so disappointed!), but only if we had another Groupon or something..
one of my favorite restaurants in westchester. service is commendable. The price isnt that bad. I mean im not rich and ive never felt like i wasnt getting close to my moneys worth. I recommend the venison steak, although I think it might be seasonal. ** Update: beware the valet they damaged my car and sent me to a body shop in the bronx where the owner stated that i was the 8th car brought in this week from this valet company.
Huge fan of Dylan's lounge where you can get sushi.  They don't take reservations in the lounge area but we have been lucky and always gotten a table.  Service is impeccable and staff is very professional.  One of the best sushi meals we've ever had.  Prices are high so we go for special occasions like birthday's and go all out with many appetizers, sushi and cocktails.  Met Peter Kelly who couldn't have been more gracious.  I would highly recommend Dylan's lounge, wonderful ambience with great views of the water. I have to update my review because of our lunch yesterday during restaurant week.  OMG can you say good!!! We had a fabulous lunch yesterday at X20. Service was impeccable and we had a lovely view of the water. It was hard to choose from the prix fixe menu because of all the great choices, but we did and all of our food was delicious and hearty. You wouldn't expect that these days from a fine restaurant and a prix fixe but the 3 courses were more than substantial.   The green onion risotto with black truffle's and shaved parm was out of this world as was the crunchy tuna sushi appetizer.  For a main course I had the jumbo shrimp in pernod.  A delicate sauce surrounded the shrimp with some diced carrots and squash on top of the rice.  My daughter had the Yuki glazed Salmon with orzo that was cooked to perfection and my husband had the roast pork loin with an apple fritter.  We all tasted each others and agreed they were all wonderful.  The desserts didn't disappoint at all and they staff accommodated my husband's request for a fruit salad instead of the choices on the menu because he doesn't eat dessert during this time of the year.  (it's a Lent thing) We always eat in Dylan's Lounge but have dined once for brunch in the main dining room so this was a real treat and lived more than up to our expectation.  I'll be back for my birthday, if not sooner.
I went to X20 for Hudson Valley Restaurant week.  The price fixe choices were expansive and the quality and portion size for each item was great.  Great price too for such great food!  I highly recommend the food.  One off putting thing was the smell in the air.  My tablemates told me that the place smelled musty but I thought that it smelled like a hospital or school cafeteria.  That was off putting and I was not expecting the high quality food that i ultimately did get because the restaurant did not smell good at all. I was seated in the upper level.  Not nearly as nice as the lower level.  Don't sit up there - it's isolated and doesn't feel modern enough (although the view is probably better since you're higher up). And why was one of the staff members wearing a Mohawk? He was great and attentive but come on - you should not be wearing a Mohawk if you're working in a nice place like this!
Ask for the scallops they are not on the menu but incredible.
Theres nothing funny about H20, simply a classy establishment at the heart of the Yonkers Marina! 2 thumbs up and a Cartier in the sky for this place! I went during my university graduation from Lehman College and my family was treated with the utmost respect!! Hats off to X20!
Alright. This place is pretty good. BUT for the price, there are several more restaurants in the area that are a lot better. The view is incredible, the location is a nightmare, the last time I went there, there was a homeless guy clipping his toenails on a bench outside. The place is considerably more expensive than it is worth. Menu is fairly limited. I came here with high hopes and left underwhelmed. don't get me wrong. the food was good. But like I stated before, there are many places within 10 mile that has much better food for less money
Came for a benefit in the golden hour (6-7:30) and took advantage of the gorgeous sunset views from both the bar/lounge section and the main dining room. Food is tremendous - sushi especially, and service - both servers, bartenders, and reception - is right on. This is no doubt Yonker's fine dining option and it would be a splendid option for any city or town. Good for occasions and events.
Things are really no better.  This restaurant needs a new manager. The staff is unpolished & there were lots of mess ups with our orders.  What's going on.  We went for brunch they mixed up our orders, did not get one of the special orders correct, some of the food arrived cold & 2 entrees arrived while 4 were still missing for more than 5 minutes.  Not workth returning.  The best restaurant in terms of food & service is Xaviars in Piermont.
Place had a great selection of cuisine and my girlfriend's steak was delicious cut of meat jist wish it had been seasoned a bit more. My meal the braised beef ribs had such an array of flavors that all worked quite well together
we went for restaurant week. good deal for $30 pp before drinks and tip. apps and desserts were amazing. the main courses, however, left a lot to be desired. their excuse for a new york strip was sad... and maybe I just don't like short ribs anymore, but i found it to be overcooked and dry. it's a nice experience, decent ambiance, and maybe it was an off night, but we expected more from the main course.
I cannot believe it took me so long to find Xaviar's, this place is AWESOME!! Once again we had a Groupon, and it included: four appetizers, four entrees, four desserts and four glasses of wine for $150, with basically no menu restrictions. The restaurant is visually stunning and all of the staff is kind and caring.  Julian and his three person team wowed us from start to finish. Now on to the food, from apps to dessert, I would rate it a solid 10!  I started with a BLT salad with Green Goddess dressing, excellent!  Then split the Cowboy Ribeye with my friend, and it was perfectly cooked and tasted great.  Dessert was a lemon napoleon that was outstanding as well.   I would 100% recommend Xaviers and will be going again.
One of the most most visually pleasing spots to dine in Westchester, the Hudson river views are just gorgeous. My husband took me here for my birthday and I was very excited to try X2O after reading about it and seeing other reviews. We started with cocktails and appetizers. The wine list was lovely. My husband ordered red by the glass and commented on how nice the wine/cocktail Stewart was. He also like that they poured "by the glass" wine at the table so you could taste it like when you ordered the whole bottle. I had the "Salad of Baby Romaine" Which was really nice with a very pleasant garlic vinaigrette, not over powering at all. My husband had the "Quail leg pops". He said that they were just OK. and wouldn't order them again if he went back. Next course I tried the "Pan roasted Chicken", the chicken was dry and the risotto that accompanied the chicken was under cooked and barely warm. I would give the dish 2 stars and say I was disappointed, especially for how much we paid for the dish. My husband had the "Rack of lamb", which beautifully displayed and cooked perfect. He said it was also just OK, and said he wouldn't order it again. We shared a side of cauliflower, which tasted wonderful. My only complaint is that is came the table room temperature, (I hate cold cooked veggies). For dessert I ordered the Belgian Chocolate Timbale, which was beautiful to look at and the staff made it special by writing "Happy Birthday" on the plate and adding a candle. It was very good, but very sweet, so sweet that I couldn't finish it. My husband has the "Black and Brulee" which was also beautiful the look at, and was much less sweet than mine, and we finished it off. I give this restaurant 3 stars because while the ambiance and the river views were pleasing and the food was presented so beautifully, it just didn't taste as good as it looked for the $$$$. Some of the staff was above average, while others barely paid attention to your needs. I would like to say that the two staff members that stood out was the hostess who greeted us and the bar waiter. All in all, while it was worth checking out, I can now cross it off my list and move on.
I enjoyed every aspect of my visit to this restaurant.  We went with 9 people celebrating a graduation and it was an excellent choice.   If you are a meat eater and find yourself here you OWE IT TO YOURSELF to get the aged Rib Eye for two.  I've had steaks at Luger's, Mortons etc. etc. etc. and cannot remember the last time I had a steak as flavorfull and delicious as this one.  It literally numbed the front of my face it was so good. My girlfriend had the soft shell crabs which were also delicious.   Appetizer special was a yellowtail sashimi over celantro/jalapeno sauce with a mango slaw.  Excellent as well. The service was very friendly and attentive and the view was great as well. Can't say enough good things about this restaurant, i'd come back in a heartbeat!
I have dined often in NJ and NYC and this place is by far my new favorite. Being single, it is by far the best place to take a date, the ambiance, the service and the food is absolutely exceptional. And I love the fact that they don't over-feed you. I prefer quality over quantity and if you're like minded, this is the place for you. Did I mention the view? the view of the Hudson River is stunning, you are surrounded on three sides by glass walls and I have never been seated where my date and I haven't had a great view of the water. The tables aren't too close together which allowed my date and I do enjoy some relative privacy to get to know each other. There is also a dance club or bar just outside to continue the evening.. Valet parking is just outside the door and I felt comfortable trusting my car to the well dressed staff.
All and all a great experience. I took my girlfriend here for our anniversary. The Staff and Facilities were immaculate. We were seated by the windows facing the Hudson and the view was amazing. The General Manager even came over and offered us a complimentary dessert. The night was made perfect when we walked out after dinner onto the patio over the river. Be sure to try the peanut brittle on the way out.
Yum. Came for Restaurant Week. Such a great bargain - a CANNOT MISS! We even paid for the $3 valet. Immediately seated, attentive service, beautiful setting upstairs, out-of-order chandelier above us to add to the ambience. Chef said hello even!
Went back tonight for dinner.  Peter and company hit it out of the park.  A  perfect meal.
I am allergic to carpets mostly because of the dust mites that leave fecal balls deep in them. I was really surprise when we got to this well respected restaurant and found carpets that were old, tacky, and smelled dirty. The were very nice and apologetic but we had to leave. I get asthma from carpets. The decor appeared uninteresting although the views seemed good.  I hope they improve the place soon because I would like to try it. Today in the NY area good food does not mix with dirty old carpets. But I am obviously biased.
For Hudson Valley Restaurant Week....a great deal and an incredible meal.  I started with butternut squash soup but the risotto I tasted was the best!  My entrée won though...short rib over cheddar grits and the most delicious roasted Brussel sprouts.  The killer dessert was a maple walnut bread pudding.  A beautiful view and excellent staff accompany your meal.  Can't wait to go again!
This was the best overall dining experienceI've had in the last few years for sure.  X20 delivers in every angle.  Literally.  Located beautifully on the Hudson River right smack in b/w the GW Bridge and Tappan Zee bridge, in Yonkers. I was there just last week to celebrate my wife's bday the night before NEMO came into town. From the moment you pull up to the place the excitement begins.  X20 is more or less an all glass structure on the water.. kinda set like an all glass pier all by itself.  Views are stellar and jaw dropping at times.  Service is top notch.  Captain and all.  Menu perfect.  Specials.. even more perfect.  Huge open dining room.  I love the big open style of dining space compared to tight and crampped.  Chef Kelly is obv a lil more than a local legend at this point.. but this place just has such an aura of "cool" and "calm" to it and that coolness allows this menu and Chef Kelly's imagination and range to shine.  This is not a strict French menu.. rather French//fusion/american with some great tartar and sashimi items on the menu as well.   I had the ribeye.  IT was listed on the menu for two, but I asked the captain if they could do a single.. surely.. they accomodated.  I've never ever in my life had such a perfect and differenet ribeye steak.  The best i've tried in years.. and as far as uniqueness.. the best i've ever tried!  The crust was so damn good I had to ask the server what it was made of.  The answer? Brown Sugar and Cayenne!!! Wow. Whoa! Yeah! YEs~ Boom! Bang! Cha Ching! Yummyyy. Delish! Memorable... The potatoes that came with it were the best potatoes i've tried in years as well.  I still can taste those cheesy thin-layered, creamy potatoes.  The ribeye's probably worth ordering just for them potatoes to tell you the truth. My wife had the swordfish and that also was the best swordfish I have ever tried.  For starters we got the tuna tartar and yellowtail sashimi on a blood orange and pomegranite sauce.  Come on?!!!!!  WOW!  The tartar was made differently than the usual tuna tartars with avocado and such.  This was done with risk and precision and an unexpected taste and ingredient structure.  The yellowtail sashimi and that sauce were just a match made in heaven.  Another unexpected marriage of flavors.  I could've licked that sauce all night long. The dessert!!!  Just when I thought it couldn't get any better.  I'm a HUGE cheesecake guy.  The strawberry cheescake over some thin chocolate tart was the special.  I HAD TO!  So i did!  The outcome.  The greatest and lightest and smoothest cheesecake dessert I had ever had. I can't even begin to describe it actually.   X20 wowed my wife and I in every way possible.  My key factors to fine dining are overall food quality, service and ambiance in that order.  X20 delivered home runs in every category.  I plan on going here at least once a season to see what Chef Kelly's up to.  This man has special talent combined with rare skill and you are doing yourself an injustice if you have not gone to any of his restaurants..especially this one and only X20 on the Hudson!  Close to the city. Close to Jersey.  Close to Rockland and Westchester.  Just go! Chef Kelly is just the best fine chef around these parts.  Period. Amazing food and ambiance.  Amazing service.  Amazing experience in culinary and fine dining excellence.
The restaurant was Excellent, service, food, ambiance, view. Bar area very pretty, And ladies room was clean and the view awesome. 2 things but minor, there was a charge for valet parking and We told them it was our anniversary and they had forgotten and didn't do anything special.
Nice view and great food.. What else I can ask for more. My favorite visit to this restaurant is Sunday brunch for $38. They serve unlimited Champagne, Breads, a selection of 2 savory courses & 1 dessert. And passing menu during the meal such as coconut shrimp, roasted rack of baby lamb, tuna roll, mushroom ravioli(My favorite). Service is great all the time.
Truly impressive.  Not many can achieve what this restaurant group has and keep the quality so high for this many years.  Not only was every piece of food spot on delicious but every single person on the wait staff was friendly, qualified and had the ability to articulate the menu in a perfect fashion.  There is obviously a reason that we were there for four hours and did not want to leave and what an accomodating team of professionals who made 10 family members and a baby feel as if they were in their own home!  Kudos to keeping the bar high in Westchester and Rockland County.
So Impresssed... Everything from the bread to the little nut covered chocolate balls was perfect! I got to try a lot of different dishes because there was 5 of us and we all got something different and shared. For appetizers, the salad with the lemon pepper vinaigrette was awesome, the ravioli with braised short ribs was delicious, although a little heavy for an appetizer, my mom got an appetizer special of some kinda flan with scallops which was SOOOOO good!, and we also got the lobster crepe which was delicate and yummmy! For entrees, i got the swordfish with mango salsa.... best preparation of swordfish i've ever had. The fish was moist and perfect, and the mango sauce was a little creamy and it was so perfect with the fish! My brother and his gf got the cowboy steak. I REALLY RECOMMEND THIS DISH! the sweet glaze on the outside was unbelievable and the meat SO extremely tender. My moms Rack of Lamb was probably the most tender lamb i've ever eaten! And my bfs Hog was delicious as well! For dessert, my absolute favorite was the coconut parfait, decadent cream with refreshing fruits! PERFECTION! I was there at night but i bet the view is GORGEOUS during the day! the interior was beautiful as well!
Repeat customer. By far the fanciest restaurant in Yonkers. Food, service and ambience make it a trifecta.
Another favorite place of mine by the Old pier.. Brunch and dinner with Friends.. Excellent service!
GREAT EXPERIENCE....... Started off at the bar, the bartender was funny, charming, and polite. The drinks were yummy and had two rounds before getting seated. The waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu, which I appreciated. The food was amazing. Everyone at the table ate in silence because they were concentrating on their food. The swordfish was excellent and the steak, was cooked to perfection. This is a great place for any occasion. The ambiance is amazing in the day or night. I truly loved dining here and I'm planning my next trip here.
Excellent. Our favorite restaurant.  Love the cowboy rib eye.  Peter Kelly is often around making sure customers are happy. Excellent food & service
First time with Groupon purchase. I love this place! Beautiful view of Hudson river, we ordered Asians appetizers (tuna tartar) and french main course (duck), it was heaven!
When a friend insisted that X2O is the best restaurant in NYC and it's actually located in Yonkers, I simply had to go and try it for myself. I've heard it's near impossible to get a reservation, but I was able to get it right away from their website, using my blackberry. (FYI they are closed on Monday's. --naturally that was the day I went to check it out) X2O is located on the river at Yonkers, NY.  Not the prettiest place in NY, but once you get to the river, the restaurant stands out in a cool, modern, chic way. The views are lovely, and the place fills up fast. The dress code is casual chic. (although I did see a strange man wearing a cowboy hat, but he did get stares so leave the hat at home) The restaurant is very nice, very spacious(A+) and the staff is wonderful.   Food was truly delicious.  I've tried the "Roasted Bone Marrow & Alaskan Red Crab Meat  Crispy Garlic & Herbs" as an appetizer and my husband had the "Big Eye Tuna Tartar with Sicilian Pistachios Morrocan Dates & Alleppo Pepper" I'm just happy that he didn't try to stab me with his fork when I tried some of his tartar.   As main course, we shared the "Aged & Grilled Cowboy Rib Eye for Two with Sauce Béarnaise Brown Sugar & Cayenne Crust Creamed Spinach and Potato Gratin"  Even though I wasn't sure about having a brown sugar AND cayenne crust on my steak, I must admit that this is where a genius chef proves his talent.  AMAZING! But wait.. there is more..   Just when I've decided everything was amazing, an item on the desert menu caught my eye and to put it simply.. During appetizer I saw the heaven's door.  With the entree I was able to peek inside.. but the desert just pushed me all the way in and I found myself ready to lick my plate clean in a very unladylike manner.  Please gift yourself with the experience of trying out "Green Tea Cream Brulee with Lychee compote and Lavender Honey"  It was simply heavenly.   Also to be mentioned here was a very different sorbet.  My husband tried the panna cotta. It was very very good and we had the blackberry merlot sorbet.  Imagine berries and rich red wine .. frozen.. it was very different then your everyday orange sorbet. If you're traveling from the city like we have,and if you're driving, it's close to the city, and they have a valet service.   I recommend it 100% and I will be going there again and again. The green tea cream brulee is calling meeeee..
We went for lunch on a Friday afternoon. The scenery was amazing, the service impeccable, but the food left much to be desired. I had the wild mushroom ravioli appetizer, the basil cod entree, and the caramel flan for dessert. The ravioli, although well cooked, lacked flavor; the mushrooms themselves were unseasoned, and dependent on the brown butter truffle sauce, which was OK, but overall the dish required work on the part of the patron to create a flavored bite. The cod was quite disappointing, and I only ate half of the dish; the basil glaze added a green color only and the bed of orzo and vegetables was flavorless. I never salt my food, but I found myself forced to do something if I was going to make it through the plate. The flan was redeeming; it was smooth, creamy, with a mild sweetness that went well with the fresh fruit accompaniment.
YAY!  So excited I finally took the plunge and came here!  I think I had been hesitant because it's in Yonkers and doing what I do, Yonkers is not the best area in my mind.  I was pleasantly surprised by this little nook where the restaurant was located and was so happy I made reservations for restaurant week here! My coworker and I came here on a thursday during restaurant week for lunch.  It happened to be St Patty's day so they had a special addition to the menu that was Irish centered, kinda fun!  It was one of those warmer days and sunny so all you wanted to do was sit outside by the water and sip on wine, munch on something and listen to the waves sloshing around.  Boy I wish they had their outdoor tables set up.   The service was impeccable, the atmosphere was fantastic, and the restaurant was so pretty. We decided to indulge and get wine with lunch despite it being a work day.  We were seated centrally in the restaurant.  Every staff member was very attentive and we were never without something.   I ordered the tuna roll as an appetizer and the salmon for my entree and choc cake for my dessert.  My coworker started with the mushroom custard, then the salmon and then finished off with bread pudding.  She was not a fan of the consistency of the custard because she's a texture person but loved the taste.  I would have inhaled it had they not taken it away.  What I was blown away with was the fact taht one of the servers noticed she wasn't a fan and asked if he could get her something else she'd like more.  She decided on the tuna roll and was much happier the second time around.  The salmon was perfect... the vegetables were just right, the glaze on the salmon was delcious and the salmon was succulent, not dried out and perfectly pan seared.  I was just in awe of the whole thing.  I fully enjoyed myself and two hours later walked out and was surprised so much time had gone by!  Ooops.  Oh well, it was a working lunch! I will definitely be back to either head to the Dylan Lounge or for a nice dinner with the boyfriend!  Can't wait!
One of the best restaurants I have ever been to. It is very upscale but not stuffy. The food was to die for. They service was great. They are pricey and the positions are not large. I attribute that to French style feel the place has. I will defiantly go there again.
As a vegetarian, this place was a slight let down, but what did I really expect as my friends coming were excited to eat the steak for 2.  The place is really impressive, however.  The ambiance is beautiful, the service is impeccable, the breathtaking views of the river and the GW bridge make it an even better place.  I loved the warm espresso and chocolate cake dessert and the cucumber avocado rolls.  The pear cosmopolitan was a nice touch to my meal as well.  Granted I left there as an unhappy camper because my vegetarian meal was $30 for the plate, I would recommend this place to people - great for a special occasion, or romantic date.
Im so f#cking over fancy-smanchy plate presentations and over priced cheap wine. Call me old school, but when visiting a restaurant i look forward to getting some good grub in my tummy with friends and family. The place is way over the top, and it being located on the water is the only thing that keeps it afloat.
This is what going to an upscale restaurant is all about; great food, professional service,and a view of the Hudson which is 2nd to none.It a real treat going to X2O. I suggest other Restaurant owners visit this place because they will learn how it done by the pros! Gordon Ramsey would LOVE this place!
i came here with my girl in the hopes of some adventure (took the metro-north from manhattan) some food (brunch reservation... wasn't necessary though) and some drink (unlimited sparkling--prosecco not champagne). check. check. check.   the view was purty, the food was tasty, the drinks were flowing, and the service was attentive.
I don't need to say anything.... they are amazing!
My favorite Restaurant! The Cowboy Rib-Eye takes the Award for best steak in the area!  We love the view and we love the food.  The top of the line sushi bar really puts this place over the top. I cant wait for our next venture to Yonkers!
The food, ambiance, and service was Outstanding!!! Peter Kelly is one of a kind. He is in his own league. I look forward in trying his other restaurants. I highly recommend this restaurant.
I would give a 3.5 if I could. Keep in mind that this review is for Valentine's Day so it may or may not reflect the usual standard for this restaurant. Showed up at the restaurant at 7:45 for an 8pm reservation. Was told to wait at the bar until our table was ready. Everything is peachy until we realize how backed up the reservations were. The bar was packed with unhappy patrons waiting for their table, some badgering the two hostesses manning the front on the status of their table. They on the other hand, gave the answer, "I'm working on it" to everyone who asked about their table so we didn't even bother pushing it. 45 minutes later, we were seated, by the window, surprisingly. Amuse Bouche of salmon tartare came out before we met our waiter. By the time a waiter came over, we were ready to order our Valentine's Prix Fixe Menu. For appetizers, fiance got the spaghetti with scallops (which was ok) while I got the coconut crusted shrimp. I was pleasantly surprised. For entrees I ordered the chateau briand with mashed potato and haricot vert. F got the heritage pork done two ways. We were both very pleased with our meals. I asked for medium rare and it was perfectly cooked. Would have finished it if I wasn't so stuffed from the two pieces of bread I jammed down my throat as soon as we sat since I had been starving at that point. Here is why X20 does not get five stars. The first thing was the blatant acceptances of tips by the two hostesses. Since there was such a delay, men were constantly trying to pay their way to get their table before others. I'm not sure if this is a customary practice at X20 or maybe I'm just naive, but I just thought it was tacky that people were paying their way to get their seat early as well as sit by a window. The second thing is the lack of service. There seemed to be only one waiter in our section and while we had the assistant waiters/bus boys to attend to us, (though our water glasses were often empty), they were definitely short staffed our maybe we just didn't get the attention because we weren't lining their pockets? I believe that other tables received complimentary glasses of Prosecco for the evening. They put two glasses on our table but never filled them. Oh well. Overall, I think X20 serves good food. The clientele is definitely on the older side and I think this is a great option if you are in the neighborhood. But for their price point and service, I highly doubt I would ever come back.
Good. Not great.
Officially best restaurant I have rated so far on yelp. 5 pluses and 3 minuses. First, the view is wonderful in between NYC's GW bridge and tappan zee bridge located on the water of Hudson River. Second, the service is fantastic and staff generally is nice. Third, food is fresh, unique, and elegantly finished. Fourth, brunch is the highlight with unlimited champagne, bread, and tiny samples in between all three courses. Finally, for the amount of elegance, decor, and quality of the food, the prices are roughly 70% of what they actually could be. In other words, although a bit pricey, it's not even close to not worth it or how expensive it perhaps may be if located in NYC. Now, for the three minuses. First, the food was not hot enough. Second, it took too long. And finally, there wasn't enough variety on the menu to choose. Overall I give it a great rating and certainly would go back.
Fantastic food, super wait staff, beautiful views, I highly recommend this place!
What a fabulous place! Great food, great bar, amazing wine list, attentive service... can't ask for better.
Excellent food and wine selection and nice view of Hudson. we went shortly after it opened but it was pretty darn good except we had so many waiters fawning over us.
My boyfriend surprised me by taking me here for my birthday. I have always wanted to go but never shared out loud to him so I cannot put into words enough how pleased I was that this is where he picked to celebrate my birth. Everything was beautiful and the food was orgasmic! And the bonus was the amount of attention staff gave especially wishing me happy birthday! OH! I was extremely pleased to get a visit from the chef himself!!! OMG!!! I love love love X20!!! And we will be back again...I heard they have a great brunch on Sundays. ;-)
Great decor, great service. Love the cowboy ribeye!
Beutiful view and good food but a bit pricey.  I'd go back again for lunch or brunch.
Came to X20 for my birthday this year. Had been here a few years ago and definitely wanted to revisit. Atmosphere here is upscale and elegant as usual. Set on the Hudson River so the view is stunning! Started with a pate appetizer, pretty tasty. Then had the duck confit and foie gras ravioli. Wow, they were delicious!! The greens beneath were scrumptious as well. I had the heritage pork as my entree. It was good but not mind blowing. What WAS mind blowing was chef extraordinaire Peter Kelly coming to my table to wish me a happy birthday, nice touch. I'm a big fan! The chocolate timbale dessert was decadent but my moms caramel frozen souffle with cardamom donuts stole the show in the dessert course. Great food, nice ambience, and personal care is what makes X20 worthy of its reputation. So glad to have a great spot like this here in Yonkers.
Excellent service...  Excellent food...  We will be back.
I would not have been able to afford to eat at X2O, had it not been Westchester Restaurant Week. Everything was beyond my expectations. It was beautiful inside, even the bathroom was really nice. The service was superb and the food was extraordinary.
def 3.5 stars but its been a couple of years since i've been.  Food was good but nothing to rave about but how can you beat the view and service?
A lovely luxurious restaraunt. The vies are spectacular and the staff are just as great. The food was pretty good on the prix-fix menu but nothing to write home about. Would go back.
This place was very good. The food was delicious, the service was great. The bathrooms were also quite nice too.
FANCY!  We were doing a tour of the Hudson region one day I had wanted to try this place. I must say it is very good, we got a early reso so we could be there as the sun set. The way you hang over the river is transfixing. The food is local and good. I loved the bone marrow and escargot. My sweet breads were a little dry but still good. My wife's steak we perfect. It is pricey but it is also very nice and the room is majestic and fancy, not sure what else to say.
Food good, location and view good. Service and pricing poor.
I had my daughter's Bridal Shower there yesterday.  In true Peter Kelly style, it was the most perfect place.  The service is impeccable.  We had the private room upstairs which was tastefully decorated and I brought balloons etc. to make it more festive.  Each course was raved about.  The celebration mousse cake was terrific.  The salmon, chicken and steak was done perfectly.  Appetizers amazing.  Peter Kelly was at the restaurant greeting and speaking to everyone.  The restaurant is near a train station, which made it easy for my Daughter's friends to get there from Brookly and Manhattan.  It's only a short walk.  My only complaint would be that it was warm in the room, difficult to cool down.  My daughter loves this restaurant and it couldn't have been more perfect.
Nice location. Good place to go for prix fix meal on a Tuesday. Too pricey to be a place I can go more than once a year. However, there are coupons to buy sometimes like $75 for $100 at Costco. Portions are small. The hostess can come off a little snotty on occasion.
We went here for our first anniversary - everything was amazing! The service, food, and ambiance were all top notch. It was hard not to lick the plates clean! We've already been back a few times, and have never been disappointed!
While the food was not bad, it was not great either.  I had much higher expectations for this place.  If we weren't starving, we would have went somewhere else.  I had the Strip Steak which came with sautéed Spinach and mashed potatoes.  Was a good steak, but again, nothing special.  I will say that the menus look like they were at dragged through the streets.  While at the Hostess station, our first impression was seeing these worn, tattered menus.  It was really put a bad first impression on the place.  We did get a table with a great view but it really didnt do much for the rest of the meal.  While it was OK, I will not return.  There are many other options, and this was lack luster at best.
Peter is a well seasoned chef who produces top quality product- never had an issue with the food and I been to all of his restaurants several times - great guy , great food definately check it out !
We were here for a birthday celebration and found the food very good. The menu is imaginative and presentation is tops. I found the food very good but not five star, as did my three companions. The Prosecco was quite good. Overall a very nice dining experience. Service was impeccable, the location is superb with views spanning the GW Bridge to the Tappan Zee. The restaurant is housed in a wonderfully done restored ferry terminal - quite special. In contrast to the lower Palisades, at least this section still is mostly uncluttered by high rise apartments. Valet parking is gratis - a plus as on-street parking is non-existent. I would recommend giving it a try with the prix fixe menu - a great way to enjoy the ambiance and food at reasonable prices.
Recently had an enjoyable and memorable lunch. First of all, the food is outstanding-fresh, tasty and creative. I enjoyed the celery soup and the pork loin. The menu offers a wide variety of choices that would please most foodies. The dining room is surrounded by panoramic views of the Hudson River Valley. The staff is welcoming, attentive but not overbearing. We never felt rushed. I've become a fan.
Went out on a special celebration, this restaurant is ok, the Decor and the view of the hudson, GW and manhatta, was breath taken. The food on the other was ok, For starters we had the short rib with truffle butter and broc rabe, it was a alittle rich for me. For the main course we had the pork cooked 2 ways and the pan seared halibut, which was delicous, the pork was alittle dry, nothing too special overall.
It's hard to find a nicer spot on the water and the food matches it. I've split the cowboy ribeye for two with a friend and it was wonderful. The spinach /potato gratin that accompanied it was wonderful. We had enough leftovers for the next two days as well. The short ribs don't get much better. And the desserts....works of art and so delicious. We decided that the next time we go we want to try and sit in the bar area as it looked so comfy and inviting.
What can I say - Peter Kelly and his Team at X20 are true professionals. We came for Restaurant Week and not only were we treated like special guests, they added additional entrees and appetizers to the menu. All the food was great and the service was exactly the right pace. Truly a pleasure, a wonderful experience in a beautiful location.  This is the way to obtain  new customers and to get existing customers to come back.
Outstanding all the way. Our wedding dinner was held here. We keep on coming back. Must must go and eat. Try the Tuesday special like $30 for 3 courses. What are you waiting for. Pick up the phone and dial the bloody number!!!!
Views, views and food too!!!! We have been here a few times love the place 5 Star appetizers, desserts, but main course just a step down 4 stars could be a little better.
I experienced a distinctly unique "East meets West" 4-course culinary delight based on a selection of exquisite sake from the Manabito Brand. The restaurant took its own distinct sensibilities and created an amazing pairing of sake and food. Drinking sake was a totally new experience in a environment like X2O. I also had the pleasure of meeting Jouji Sato, President of Hinomaru Sake of Akita, Japan.
Me and my friends have made this our regular  tuesday place to eat.  We usually sit on the bar side (The Dylan) for the price-fix menu.  To be honest, if they charged twice the price I would still consider it a deal.  The food is always top notch, rustic yet refined.  The wait staff is attentive without feeling intrusive.  The bartenders are great, in my opinion the best in the area.  We always feel very welcome there, the staff gets to know you and remembers you (name, favourite drink, etc.).  The decour is very well done, the views are amazing.  If it seems like I have nothing bad to say about this place its because i really can't think of anything.  Joe, Eric, Jean and Peter Kelly deliver one of the best dining experiences you can hope for.
