4.5 stars I don't remember ever in my lifetime enjoying a good authentic Mexican meal as I did here yesterday. I mean seriously--I've only had Taco Bell and Chipotle to compare it too so maybe I'm not a credible source but I trust my taste buds. 1st off this was my first time ever in Yonkers--and yes it's because I hate the Bronx. But me and a friend quickly yelped a spot for Mexican grub and this place popped up with 4 stars--thank you yelpers. We had the Ala Mexican nachos with chicken, cheese, and everything you can imagine that screamed Mexican culture and IT WAS AMAZING! We killed a huge serving of it in minutes. Also got some beef soft tacos and I swear the cow was just slaughtered in the back.that's how fresh it was. We had takeout, but this looks like a good local spot, very nice and quick service, OUTSTANDING fresh food, and beyond generous portion sizes. Might be worth paying a toll to get to--seriously!
This place is awesome. The service was Excellent.  The bartender was Soo sweet.  very attentive, spiced my drink up the second time. And after realizing that even the Jamaican in me couldn't handle the spice of the Enchiladas Verde she made me something else. The mango margaritas were really good and are a must. I have to try the mojitos next time. O n how could I forget the guac. Just really awesome no question. 5 stars
The food is awesome...BUT...the wait time is horrendous, the place is cramped, and the waitress there is so rude. Idk if it's personal issues or work place drama, but they need to get it together. It's unfortunate, to have great food overlooked b/c of horrible service. Then again, its about loving your job, yourself, and your business. You can't expect to succeed with only the chefs putting in love.
Excellent nachos very authentic Mexican food awesome tacos and burritos great mixed drinks
I usually call for delivery and they take forever which is why I'm taking off a star lol But the food is delicious. Their Sope's, quesadillas and chuletas en salsa verde are great. My favorite thing is the tacos dorados with chicken and steak! Try it!
I've eaten here several times, and the first couple times were pretty good. But since that first few times the food got worse and worse. They don't speak english, which kinda pisses me off, but certainly not a deal breaker. The quesadillas suck, real low quality grissley meat and all but no cheese. everything just tastes real cheap. Here is the reason I will absolutely never order from this place again. The delivery drivers are straight up incompetent rude assholes. EVERY SINGLE TIME I've order from here, the driver will call me and say he is outside. I go outside and he's not there. Then I call him and he says he'll be there in 5 minutes. So I wait 5 minutes and nothing. Call him back and he starts yelling at me. Then the kicker. I come back outside and he yells at me to come get the food from him sitting in the front seat of his car. Last time I checked, a delivery guy delivers food, not screams at the customer to come and get it. This place is a hellhole and the staff are assholes.
Way better food than its competitors across the street "Plaza Garibaldi". Cheaper food and better quality, make sure you try the Enchiladas.
Tacos are one of my favorite food. So i thought i should give this place a chance.perhaps i had too much expectations, since this place did not made me think that i must return. Tacos are pretty easy and basic, but you need to give it a little bit of love when you make them. Maybe i chose the wrong day, so all i can say is - The food is OK.
Great food , I love the quesadillas with mushrooms and the nopal salad , i called (more than twice) for delivery but it takes tooooo looooong and the service it's kind of rude . Hope you can change that I love the food .
Now this is really AUTHENTIC MEXICAN FOOD. By far one of the best Mexican restaurants I've ever been to. If you're more into Americanized wannabe Mexican food - Taco Bell is your best bet. If you want real Mexican tacos, and the delicious Mexican sodas, this is the place to go. Being Mexican, I'm very critical of places that over charge you for like 2 pieces of tortillas. This place has reasonable prices and give you a great amount of food. They give you free nachos and salsa to start off with which is good. I basically love everything from the enchiladas to the tacos to the mole poblano. Most served with Rice and Beans which are DELICIOUS. And if you're thirsty, wouldn't hurt to try some Mexican soda (some Mexican coke or a jarrito) The Alcoholic Drinks are ok, not the best I've tried at a Mexican restaurant, I'd just go for a Mexican soda. Delish. As much as I love this restaurant, I would only recommend you eat out, NOT order. Last time I ordered my food came out hard and almost burnt. Not good. Eating out, I've never experienced that, so I would recommend this restaurant no doubt.
Not to bash Yonkers, but it seems like a town where the culinary attractions (among other things) are few and far between.  Driving around, looking for lunch I passed by Tacos El Poblano and thankfully decided to give it a shot.   I have not tried much from their menu - various tacos and the huevos con chorizo for breakfast one morning.  As others have stated the ingredients are fresh and everything is well prepared.  My only (albeit minor) complaint is that I'd like a lime in lieu of lemon on the side.  That being said, the reason this place really shines is that the portions are HUGE, and that says a lot in a cusine not known for being skimpy.  I'd normally order 3 tacos for lunch while here I only require 2 (though get 3 anyway because I can't control myself).  The huevos con chorizo had me absolutely stuffed all day, I don't think I even ate dinner that night.  Further kudos for having a hot sauce (the red one) that's actually hot. Staff is friendly as well, stop by if you're in the neighborhood!
Hands down the best Mexican food I have ever had. From the outside, it looks a bit shady (essentially just a painted green, 1 story cinder block addition to the more formal (and affiliated) La Fonda Poblano restaurant next door. It is worth a visit! Super cheap, high quality, traditional dishes. The best mole sauce I have ever had. All sorts of neat sodas I have never seen at other local Mexican restaurants. Good service too! Easy to miss depending on which direction you are coming from and parking is a bit limited. If you are in the area, make sure to take a quick walk north on New Main Street to the Orza bakery for incredible (and cheap) fresh baked bread. Not as fancy inside as the nearby Plaza Garibaldi a few doors down, but the food at Tacos El Poblano is better and cheaper.
This place was surprisingly very good. I looked here to find a good Mexican place and it was rated quite well. I grabbed a steak taco and nachos. They were very good. The hot sauce was very hot, a nice surprise. If you are just getting tacos they are fairly cheap. The nachos were a bit pricey at $10. Don't judge the place by looks though. The building isn't very impressive, but it's 100% better than the KFC next door. Oh and yes they have Jarritos.
Absolutely the WORST. Just bad, bad food. Service is horrible and God forbid you order for delivery. Tough, boiled meat.. Quesadilla's that are moist, sticky tortillas with the same tough boiled meat in them; no cheese. We gave this place chance after chance; ordering from them and even visiting for a little over a year. Finally, we didn't just get sick of the horrible food, we got insulted. Places like this should have their business license revoked on the count of such unpleasant, horrible food. Stay clear!
I saw this food establishment on Yelp and saw the good reviews it had so I was curious to try it.  I was pleased with their food and service.  My friend and I order guacamole and chicken enchiladas suizas togo and it was delicious.  The guacamole tasted home made and the enchiladas was real authentic Mexican style.   This place is a little hole in the wall and not in the greatest neighborhood. The waiter/manager spoke English well and got our food out in less than 10 minutes.  Also, the prices are reasonable.   I would return to try their other authentic cuisines.
Tacos El Poblano has disrespected us with its lousy food and poor service one time too many. Their meat is tough and greasy tasting. Moreover, they have a tendency to forget items that you have ordered. Given the dearth of non-Chinese restaurants that deliver in Yonkers, we've been willing to overlook the ocassional gaff on the part of those restaurants that do offer delivery. However, after our latest bad experience with El Poblano their menu has been relegated to the recycling bin - no más El Poblano for us!
Maybe 3.5 stars... the tacos are good. I don't think I'd go out of my way, but the pastor tacos are the way to go if you find yourself in this Taco place. The people there are nice, though.
Authentic Mexican food the guacamole is soooooo good best I've ever had and the tamales are sooooo freaking good it is no joke I truly enjoy coming to this place every single time taco arabe are great the chicken tacos are good also and the best part is you add your own condiments
Great authentic mexican food. Most of the food is great, but the tacos are really top notch and for only three dollars, they are a bargain as well.
"The best tacos in town," is a low, dark carryout with cervesa posters, a handful of high tables, and a glimpse of the kitchen grill every time the door swings open.  As previous reviewer suggested, I usually find it necessary to employ all thirteen words of Spanish I remember from high school.  Have I been pleased with everyone's efforts, though!  The tacos are can't miss, and there's a self-service sidebar with pico de gallo, multiple salsas, hot pickles, etc.  But believe me Tacos el Poblano is not just for tacos.  The sizable chile rellenos might be my all time favorite--they were deliciously breaded and lightly fried, generously topped with a tasty tomato sauce.  On the side came rice and beans and actual, handmade corn tortillas.  The soups are great, too. For nicer table service with a bar, visit La Fonda Poblana next door.  I'm pretty sure it's the same owner--if not the same kitchen.
Maybe I was spoiled by living right near an Estrellita for years but these are not good tacos. There was barely any meat and mostly chopped raw onions - in an order of tacos that was supposed to have no onions and only meat. Backwards much? The rice and beans were passable but that was about it and the only reason I'm giving it two stars. I said I wouldn't go out of my way to get these again and K responded "I'd go out of my way to get away from them" he was so disgusted he didn't even eat his food. Maybe I'm not the only picky one.
Pretty good food, good sized portions will leave you full.
Incredible taqueria. No tex-mex here. It helps if you can speak even a little spanish. I meant to order sopes and it came out as sopa. The friendly staff was gracious and a woman at another table wanted my soup. Tacos are amazing.
Hands down the best mexican food in Yonkers. Ive been a regular customer at El Poblano for over 10 years. Their sopes and tostadas are amazing and their food is always fresh. They also have live entertainment on certain nights and always show the soccer games when theyre on. They also deliver relatively quickly.
Just moved to Yonkers, and we went here because of the high review on Yelp.  GLAD WE DID!  We used to live in Sunset Park Brooklyn and were sad when we moved to Westchester because there aren't a lot of legit Mexican places like in SP.  But this is it!  It's low key and a bit crammed inside but who cares the food is amazing.  PS- I saw negative review from someone who got quesadillas.  I'm sorry you don't get quesadillas here... get a traditional mexican dish you can get a quesadilla at friendly's.... Got the chile rellenos and the others got chimichangas and we shared chips with guac.  DELICIOUS. Our dishes were served with beans and rice and sprinkled with queso fresco or cotija (not sure which).  Service was great, both waitresses kept asking if we needed anything but weren't pushy.  They had Modela and Jarritos (I got Tamarind yum).  Overall it was awesome.  We will definitely be back, and hopefully they deliver to our apt.
good, cheap, fast authentic Mexican cuisine. Cant beat it. The best North of Mexico.
Great find!  I have become so tired of chain restaurant Mexican food that I had lost my hope of ever craving Mexican food again.  Tacos El Poblano has brought me back!  Their tacos are excellent.  I also love their tamales, soups, sauces (mole poblano!) and guacamole.  Can't wait to go back!
Fresh food, great service. Delivery service is nice too.
Tacos El Poblano is a great takeout option in Yonkers, and as one of the other reviewers mentioned, the mole sauce is AWESOME. I had it with the chicken enchiladas, which I thought was a little expensive at $12.50, but ultimately ended up being a rather large serving, especially as it comes with rice and beans. I also tried a bite of a steak and cheese taco, which was delicious. Delivery time was the standard for the area (about 40 min).
I was looking forward to this because the menu does have very authentic and hard to find Mexican dishes. There were also a lot of Latino families three happily enjoying their food. However, everything was very bland. Beef sopes had no flavor and were greasy. Fajitas were bland. Rice and beans were flavorless.Even the mole - it had heat & sweet, but it was really just missing something with the flavor. I really wanted to love this place. =( Sorry.
Tacos El Poblano is good, but taste-wise, I like their sister store Poblano Cafe (yelp.com/biz/poblano-caf…) better.  If you're going in a group or need a parking lot to park in then you'll be less hassled by sticking with here, the original location.
New years day i ordered some grub for delivery to my home in a sketchy part of south west Yonkers. I thought they might not venture up this way but fortunately they had no problem with it. They had sad it would be delivered in 30 min but is came in 15 min BONUS!
Awesome tacos! Authentic Mexican food!
Absolute best Mexican around, no questions asked. The ingredients are fresh, the portions are perfect, and the service is great considering the place is the size of a large storage closet! Seriously, one of the keys to determining whether an ethnic spot is worthwhile is actually seeing the families of individuals from that ethnic group eating there, which is not uncommon in this place, especially on weekends.
Ok, I'm giving this place a 4 star, ONLY because the place is SUPER tiny and the day we went they had NO air conditioning on 100 degree weather. Yuck... FYI - They charge 25 cents for each item you order for take out. The parking lot is SOOOO small...3 cars ONLY and the spots are usually taken On the food, TOTAL 5 star WOW!!! The Sopes con Bistec is freakin AWESOME! They give you soooo much food. You WILL leave with enough food for the next day. Very flavorful and generous on meat. The nachos had more meat then ANY I have EVER had before. The Burrito was ok, I've had better but still very good, lots of rice and meat. The pictures on their website is EXACTLY what you get when you order. I WILL be back.......
I am really into tacos right now and Tacos El Poblano is one of the places that is keeping the taco drive going.  I haven't tried anything but their tacos bc the tacos are so darn good I can't not order them.  This place and Gemelos in Port Chester are my 2 fave in Westchester.  If you have other suggestions please share.  At El Poblano the meat is cooked perfectly- I have had steak, chicken, and roasted pork- and the sides are all fresh and yummy.  I especially love the house special salsa, not the green or red, but the chunky one with lot of jalapenos.  This place is as authentic as you can get; I was here for dinner recently and I was the only non-latino in the place, but everyone is friendly and did I mention the tacos are do good.  I did notice that everyone except me had ordered the guac, which looked very good.
Amazing!!  Everything on menu is 100% authentic. Best tacos and guacamole in area. Small place great for take out. Neighborhood might scare you off but don't miss out.
I have only been to the cafe side of this fine establishment.  The food here is very good.  I suggest you try the Chicken Enchiladas con Mole they are great.  The Mole sauce is very good.  Tacos El Poblano is real authentic Mexican food.  It is a change of pace of the regular places that most are accustomed to like mainstream places like Chiptole or Blue Moon Cafe.  The tacos are great made with delicious skirt steak.  So far my experience has been great having ordered there on several occasions.  There is an issue of the language barrier but they have menus in English, i would suggest that you ask for one so your experience is not a total loss.  Even with a little knowledge of Spanish it will help with the ordering process.  This place has very good food and might require an adult palate to really appreciate the food they serve here.
Super tasty Mexican food!!!! Their tacos are really good!!! :-)
The best tacos arabes! The best  tacos dorados! A must try...
Authentic Mexican and very healthy choices. Fresh ingredients, real food.  Just about everything I tried served with chopped cilantro and fresh lime wedges.  Good value.
Really good mexican food. Fresh ingredients. Delivery was quick even though it was snowing. I will be ordering from here again.
Best tacos I've ever had. Arabes and Goat are my favorite.
I love their tacos, sopes and the mole enchiladas are very good. The service is hit or miss with this place.
Best traditional mexican around. The decor might be simple, but the food is the best. tacos are excellent. enchiladas are very good. Never quite liked their soups though, but all else is as good as it gets around
A  SHACK THAT'S NOT WACK!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              .                                                                                                                                           When I get that urge for Mexican, I come straight here. If you find the English difficult just point to the menu. I just about order the same meal for 12 years. The taco arabes, a flour tortia with a generous portion of spicy pork. I bring it to the self serve salsa bar and add tomato, cilantro very little salsa it's spicy enough. Then add Crema (Mexican sour cream) to counter the spice. I also order one quesadilla with chicken then back for the spicy home made salsa . And to be traditional I order an Horchatas to drink. It's made with rice milk, cinnamon and vanilla.   MUCHO BUENO!!
This is one of the best places to get authentic mexican food in westchester. The food is fresh, tasty and very affordable.  They also opened  up a new restaurant Pollo poblano around the corner the BBQ chicken & ribs there are excellent!
cheap & authentic tacos
