So I finally made it to this place. Been wanting to try it for a while, but really wanted to share the experience, not go as a solo flier. The place is a cozy lil nook. Décor is warm, inviting and funky.The staff is genuine and friendly and casual. They make you feel welcome. The menu has so many choices that all sound so good,it was the first time ever in my experience that I had such trouble deciding what to have.It didn't help to perv other diners fare either cause it all looked so good.Well,I finally settled and had a 3 item entrée.OMG!This was so so so good! Even though it was a busy Friday night,the service was attentive but not in the least rushed. I look forward to my next visit to try something else.
I've been working in NJ for almost a year, so I try to eat out in NJ about once a week or every other week and I LOVE the fact that in NJ almost all restaurants are BYOB. Thank to Yelp i found this place and it was great, the food was delicious my favorite was the cucumber & yogurt salad. YUMMY. Everything else was good too. Customer service was great staff was friendly. I'm officially a Fan, need to go back and try other things from their menu.
I am not sure why, but I was feeling adventurous today and decided to try something new other than felafels or hummus. All on the menu sounded good but we landed on Zaatar Manoushe pizza, babagnoug, mohsmara, tabouli, and kafta. Because I've never seen or heard of kafta, mohsmara and Zaatar, I was a bit nervous about ordering them. But I'm so glad I did because they were all very excellent!! My favorites from the most to least are: Tabouli, Zaatar pizza, kafta, their homemade pita bread, banagnoug, and mohsmara. As you can see, my top threes are dishes that I originally had doubts with, and that tells how much I loved these dishes. Although babagnoug was good, their pita was just exceptionally delicious. And mohsmara was too spicy for me to enjoy so that goes to least. People, whether you have or haven't had Tabouli, stop what you are doing right now (which is reading my review) and go try it at Bennies. It made me realize what real tabouli should taste like and what I've been missing out! Yum!
Love this Mediterranean food that we decided to try out for Date Night .. Authentic ambience and delicious food! They have a "pick 3" combination of a bunch of appetiZers and you can add meat or fish to your picks! The hummus is amazing as well as the sesame noodles and falafel! My husband ordered the sautéed spinach and falafel as well along with this dish Mohamara (correct me if I'm wrong) which is great if you are a spicy food fanatic!!!! It was fiiiire!! Then we went with the Pistachio Baklava for the finishing touches! You can say I am pretty happy with the experience! Service is pretty good and the menu wasn't too complicated or overwhelming! We Def would come back!
I've been here 3 times so far. I honestly thought it'd be a good go to place for me. Until I got this date bar.. My goodness, as I was eating it I found a hard rock in it!!! I was so frightened by that. I couldn't finish the rest of my food paranoid that I'd find something else or I'd swallow something else. They really need to make sure the food they are serving is SAFE and CLEAN.
We decide to go here after reading all the positives on yelp. Wholesome, healthy, delicious, authentic. My husband 's lamb was cooked to his liking and portions are generous. It's easy to overorder. Since we were going to a concert at Bergen pac after dinner, doggie bags were out if the question We ate outside an a beautiful evening and the interior decor was inviting. Bennie was a gracious host and our server. I'm looking forward to my next meal there
Let me add my 5 stars to the list.  Everything was excellent including the service.  Will definitely go back!!
A cute little restaurant. BYOB. Food was ok - nothing to go crazy over. We took a large group there and enjoyed ourselves, but about 930p (they close at 10p), they started asking us to wrap up our conversation and leave. Didn't really appreciate being asked to leave - I know you're closing, but with a large party, I would have expected a little better service. They weren't even busy on a Saturday night.
Friends, Yelpers, foodies, lend me your ears; I come to state the facts, not to bury Bennies; The bad service that dining establishments provide leaves a bad taste after the meal is over, The good food that is served gets overshadowed by the rudeness of the staff, So let it be known that the food at Bennies is 5 stars ... The service hardly worth 1! As a former fan of Bennies it pains me greatly to write this review, but for the good of the restaurant that serves such good food I feel it is my duty to voice my discontent so that the proprietors of this establishment ensure that no other diner experiences what I recently experienced when I entertained some friends with my family in tow. What was meant to be a fun dinner out with friends & family with a reservation in hand, turned out to be a dining experience from Kitchen Nightmares except in this scenario the food was not the problem, but the staff was. If you are interested in details keep reading Upon arrival we were met at the door by the female attendant who inquired the size of our party, which was six total (four adults and two kids, with one requiring a high chair) as I had mentioned when making the reservation. Instead of being greeted warmly and being led to our table that was clearly kept free for us, the attendant walks away muttering under her breath. A minute later, the male attendant meets us at the door, and asks us the same question and finally points us in the direction of the free table and walks away. We take our seats, a bit confused by what had just occurred, but push it to the back of our minds as we are excited about the meal we were to eat. We are brought menus and we begin making the hard decisions of what to eat due to the fantastic food options before us. A few minutes later, we are interrupted by the female attendant who then proceeds to scolds us for not having enough adults in our party, stating that "next time you can not get this table" if you don't have six adults. According to her, the table we were seated on by the restaurant staff is for 6 adults and having 2 kids in addition to 4 adults doesn't qualify us for a table of 6, even though each of the 2 kids require a seat. She then walks away. At this point we are left completely dumbfounded, but decide that we don't want to screw ourselves out off a meal after having invested 25 mins so far (parking, waiting to be seated and given menus). I wish I could claim the evening got better, instead the male attendant comes back several minutes later and continues to be extremely aggressive in tone, as he proceeded to take our order. Once our food comes out, the male attendant slams one of the dishes on the arm of a member of our party while setting the table and instead of being apologetic, remarks that the person "should be careful". As we ate our meal I noticed another couple walk in to the restaurant. They asked to be seated, I noticed there was a table for four available which could easily be split into two tables of two. Instead of accommodating them, they made them stand for 30 mins until a designated table for two opened up. The funny thing is that for the entire 30 mins no party of four entered the establishment and it was left empty. Fast forward to getting the check... as I take out my card to pay I notice the total is significantly higher than I expected it to be. Upon closer examination of the check, I discover that they had overcharged us by $34, charging us for 4 Bennies Specials instead of the 2 we had ordered in addition to several other dishes. Now I would like to believe that this was an honest mistake, but in the context of how the evening had unfolded, I suspect that it wasn't an innocent mistake. Again we didn't get much of an apology, just told to wait till they gave us the correct check so we could get out of this dining nightmare. Again, let me state that our meal was fantastic, but the service we were afforded the entire evening left a pretty bad taste in our mouths and we sadly will not be dining at this establishment again. I leave behind a list of things that you must do if you do choose to have a meal here: 1) Do not go here with kids, they are deemed undesirables by the staff at Bennies, who will be extremely unhappy with the fact that you won't be ordering enough adult meals. Remember Kids don't qualify to get their own seat. 2) Please double, triple check your final check/bill, instead of trusting your server to bring back the correct check like you can do in all reputable restaurants 3) Avoid their young female staff member at all costs. She needs a lesson in humanity. Thank you to those who took the time to read this extremely long review. If you were to take the time to read my other reviews you would see this is a first for me. Like I said earlier, this incident left me wanting to express my disgust at the treatment my friends and family received. Behavior like this shouldn't go unreported.
Went in for lunch had a chicken wrap very small portion on top of that I paid $11 came with a cabbage vinegar Dressing and  potatoes, the potatoes were stale and dried out taste like they were sitting there for days very disgusting definitely not worth the money had better wraps a deil. Only reason why even went to this place is because I yelped it turned out u can't always go on yelp reviews
Became an instant fan of Bennie's as soon as I walked in. Cute romantic interior with cool ceilings and rose petal filled tables. Plus, it's BYOB! Service def gets 5 stars :) here's why: My friend and I ordered the 3-app plus a kebab for $16. But our waiter messed up one side on my dish (sautéed spinach vs spinach pie) and one side on my friend's (mohamara dip vs sautéed mushrooms). He immediately brought us the 2 original apps we ordered... no ifs ands or buts... ALL with a big smile :D That made the delicous food taste even more delicious. What a great neighborhood staple. Definitely will come back here!
Ahi tuna wrap!
I decided to go to Bennie's for a solo lunch after seeing all it's great reviews, I work nearby so I stopped by after my shift ended at 2:30. When I looked at the online menu, I saw it had plenty of vegetarian options which obviously appeals to me. I ordered the pick three appetizers for $13 (it was advertised as $11 online though). It was a tough choice but I finally chose: the chickpea salad, garlic roasted potatoes, and marinated mushrooms. In less than five minutes I had a beautifully colored plate in front of me. Everything was absolutely scrumptious, bursting with tons of Mediterranean flavor. The space is small but beautifully decorated in typical Middle eastern fashion. The service was quick and friendly. It's a little pricy for me ($17 when all is said and done between tax and tip) for such a small lunch. But hey, it's Englewood so they can get away with it. Next time I go I'll be inviting my dad along so I don't have to pay. :x Can't wait to go back and try some more great Mediterranean food!
Simply delicious, this place is a gem. Interior is as delicious as the food, small warm and yummy. Kofta sandwich is off the chart, comes with fierce potatoes and salad. I'll be back.
I am a big fan of their food. They have a great selection of Mediterrean/Middle Eastern food. It's fresh and delicious. The ambiance is nice and personal. The down side is that they don't deliver and when it's busy they appear short staffed.
Cute little place, decided to check it out with some friends last night based on the good reviews. BYOB. For appetizers we got the Mohamara (OMG SO good & spicy!!!), Falafel & the Roasted Garlic Potatoes. Everything was yummy, fresh. For entrée, all three of us got the Shish Kebob. Again, delicious. Fresh, well cooked, a nice balance of meat, rice & veggies, and the meat was very tender. Reasonably priced. Good casual spot.
Had the Ahi Tuna Salad for dinner and it was excellent. The tuna was seared perfectly and the dressing was very tasty. I sat at a table outside on a beautiful night.  They were short on help so the owner (Benny?) was helping out and took great care of me.  Will definitely go back and next time bring a bottle of wine as they don't serve wine but you can bring your own.
This place is a local favorite. The owner (Bennie?) is the 3rd generation running this restaurant and he is a many with many hats - he takes the orders, serves the food, cooks the food, and provides great conversation. I love the garlic rosemary potatoes that come with sandwiches or as a side. I've tried the Ahi Tuna wrap - terrific. I've also tried some of the side dishes which you can get as a meal (3 for $13 I believe). The atmosphere is great - very cozy, with some groovy Arabic instrumental or dance music playing. And to end your meal, definitely try the Arabic coffee or tea, served with Middle Eastern ware. I took two friends here recently and they loved it!
This is the place you hope to find when you expectantly enter a promising unexplored restaurant. Every aspect felt considered and cared about.  Playful menu; everything we had was delicious.   We would (will) come out of our way to come back here whenever possible.
Hands down the best Mediterranean food in the area. The tabouli and the pistachio crusted chicken wrap are my favorites. Once I became hooked on this it has been impossible for me to order anything else! The owner is extremely welcoming and the atmosphere is cozy. Feels like home!
We love Bennies at my household.  I love the TUNA WRAP!! SOOOO GOOD! My Mom loves the chicken salad and the cauliflower is to die for!! Bennies is the place to go for a tasty bite.   -11 Year Old Foodie
Love this place!!!  I used to work in Teaneck and would go here with some coworkers for lunch.  The restaurant is small and the decor is romantic.  The food is so good.  I have not been disappointed yet.  I usually order from the one meat and 3/4 sides special.  I have had the chicken kebab, rice, Lentils & Vegetables, Mediterranean salad, Cucumber & Yogurt, Shredded Cabbage, Tabouli, Sautéed Spinach, and Humus.  I would give this place 5 stars but I find the portions to be kind of small for me.  I'm usually still hungry when I finish my plate.  I am also now Gluten-free and am allergic to sesame so I can't have the bread or the hummus which is probably why I end up feeling insatiable.   I went here recently (about a week ago) with my sister, brother in law, and nephew.  My sister seemed to have enjoyed her food while my brother in law did not because he doesn't like spicy food. If you like flavorful and somewhat spicy Mediterranean food that is made clean, fresh and healthy, this is the place for you.
My friend picked this venue for dinner because he said it was his "favorite place to eat in Englewood." As there are a good number of other dining options in downtown Englewood, I didn't take this critique lightly. The food didn't disappoint, although I did expect more of an ambiance inside. I've always passed by Bennie's and seen the reddish dim lighting from the outside, so I thought it would look a bit different... I think there is potential to make this place more sexy, but it seems like they're doing fine as a business already. They don't take reservations for small parties, so just set a time and show up!
I'm sad I found out about this place a few days ago. But I'm happy that I know of it now! Okay so they have amazing Mediterranean, healthy and fresh ingredients used. You can taste it in the foods: hummus, eggplant, tabouli, chicken kebabs, all delicious. Can't wait to try other stuff on the menu: eyeing the pistachio crusted chicken and ahi tuna wrap! Yum.
Went there for first time last month- All four of us enjoyed our meals. I really liked their hummus and warm pita its served with. I wouldn't say their service is particularly friendly or super attentive, but they did let us stay for 2 hours without rushing us out the door. I'd go back
What a great little place to eat! My friend brought me here for lunch on a Saturday. He swears that all of his co-workers love this place. As we walked in the overall decor was very cozy with the dim lighting. I liked the Mediterranean decor with some drapery on the ceilings and scattered pillows in some of the booths. I was a little skeptical about the food because there was only another couple in here but it could have been due to the rainy weather outside. My mind changed when our waiter soon brought out the cheese pie appetizer I ordered. It was crisp on the outside and full of flavor on the inside. It was pretty small which made me kind of wish I had ordered two had I known how good it was. For the entree I had the Veggie Burger wrap. It came with a marinated cabbage salad and small roasted potatoes. The falafel patties inside the wrap tasted amazing and were well cooked. These falafels are the real deal. I don't like cabbage but this salad had great dressing on it and paired well with the rest of the food. Needless to say I left that plate clean. As time went by more people also seemed to trickle in and some came in just to pick up food. The waiters were also attentive and very courteous. Food is not that expensive considering the area you're in. I can't wait to go back and try out some other of their veggie options and their desert!
Bennies has been around for almost 16 years, owned and operated by the same family. That means the quality has stayed consistent and excellent. I have the Meat and two sides dish regularly, picking between tabouli (heavenly), baba ganoush (yummy) and muhammara (spicy and packed with flavor). Like the other items too. Restaurants like this make small towns great. Others have tried to do Mediterranean in the town, however nothing is going to make me waver from Bennie's.
Truly a gem!  I don't have a bad thing to say about this place.  My boyfriend, his dad, and I decided to go for lunch today, and we're so happy we did!  The staff is warm and friendly.   The menu has lots to choose from-- We shared a plate of baba ghanoush, tabbouleh, and grape leaves.  All 3 delicious!  For lunch I had the grilled eggplant wrap stuffed also w/ peppers, tomatoes, spinach, mozzarella, and a pesto sauce; served with roasted/seasoned potatoes, and a lovely herb cabbage salad!  Everything tasted so fresh! We will definitely be coming back :) wish I could give it more than 5 stars
I grew up eating dinner on Palisade Avenue in Englewood.  In fact, I grew up worshiping Baumgart's sesame chicken, It's Greek to Me's hummus, and Hanami's (now closed) California Rolls.  When I go home to visit my folks these days, I'm desperate to add something new to the rotation.  After our usual "should we have lunch at Baumgart's?" conversation, we agreed to try Bennie's.   We walked in to what can best be described as a very small, and very funky space (the walls are painted bright colors, and even feature two sort of decorative holes), and we were greeted by a very sweet waitress (who told us it was her first day on the job).  She immediately explained the $9.95 lunch special -- one can order a combination of three appetizers or salads.  I ordered the hummus (absolutely perfect in taste and consistency), the grape leaves, and the spinach pie (note: this is not Greek spinach pie -- it's not thick, it's not spinach mixed with feta, and it's not covered in filo.  Instead it's a much smaller pastry, with spinach wrapped into dough).  Other dishes sampled included the very flavorful grilled eggplant, the sinfully good tabouli (can tabouli be sinful?), and the mediterranean bean salad.   For $30, we were transported out of Englewood (thank God) to a delightful Mediterranean cafe with amazing food.  If, like us, your Englewood routine has gotten a bit stale, I'd definitely recommend adding Bennies to your rotation - it's just so, so good.
It's been two days and I am still euphoric about Bennies. I love working and spending most of my time in Manhattan, but Bennies makes me jealous that I do not work in Englewood so that I can eat here for lunch every single day. I bet "Bennies" makes you think of some old traditional diner with a variety of true-blue American food, but really Bennies is an adorable, cozy, and gorgeously decorated Mediterranean restaurant, serving up family-tested recipes. They have a phenomenal lunch deal where you can order a Kabob platter with a choice of two sides for $12.95 or three appetizers for $10.95, or you could of course order a la carte off of their lunch menu. I ended up getting the Kofta Wrap, which was a delicious and beautiful wrap filled with Kofta lamb balls, salad, and a yummy tahini sauce, served up with a phenomenally spiced cabbage salad on the side and some roasted potatoes. I washed this down with a mint tea that reminded me of my time in Morocco, all the while surrounded by gorgeous Arabian murals at my little glass table with rose petals underneath. SERIOUS value for your dollar. I will definitely be coming back to try them out for dinner. And to top it all off? Their BYOB! I couldn't be more in love.
Bennies 3  for $9.95 lunch special  [Appetizer combo] caught my attention and introduced me to this 12 year old restaurant. How on earth I managed to miss this place is beyond me. Bennie's is a cozy [drafty in the winter. Brrr!] hole-in-wall, draped in full Mediterranean decor. As with most Mediterranean cuisine, Bennies is very vegetarian and vegan friendly. I had Spinach pie, tabouli and grilled eggplant. I wouldn't say that any of these three items were spectacular, and I wish the grilled eggplant didn't look like pieces of coal. I've had better, but that isn't to say that my meal wasn't fragrant and packed with flavor. The portions are just right, allowing me  to return to work fully functional and not in a comatose state. FYI - Bennies is a seasonal hookah bar. You can only smoke hookah out front. That said, there's no puff-puff-give during winter. Woompers! I enjoyed the decor and service more than the food but that's good enough for me to add Bennies to the lunch rotation, and maybe dinner one day!
If you are looking for a place to go before a show at Bergen PAC, look no more.  Just a 5 minute walk to the theatre, this is the place.  With food worthy of the 5 star rating combined with prompt and attentive service, I was happy fellow Yelpers pointed me in this direction.  I'll definitely be back.
Great BYOB Mediterranean restaurant in the area. Small and warm atmosphere with good service. Appetizers: 1) Hummus: good (sorry, I'm a hummus snob so I'm pretty picky about my hummus ratings). 2) Mohamara (roasted red peppers): my favorite appetizer. My first time having it, and I loved it! 3) Babagnoug: Pretty good, the texture was creamy/smooth. They served it with both whole wheat & white pita which came out nice and warm. Entrees: 1) They offer a dinner special where you can make trio combo of meat/appetizer/salad for $14. Great price for what they offer.   - Chicken with avocado sauce. The chicken was tender and juicy, and the sauce was light & not creamy at all. The lemon and tahini was a great touch. The tabouli was fresh, crisp, and flavorful. The falafel was a disappointment. It was dry and lacked flavor. 2) Lamb kebab was decent and didn't have too much of the gamey taste 3) Ahi tuna (grilled ahi tuna marinated with gingered soy sauce served sautéed spinach, mashed sweet potatoes and spicy wasabi mayonnaise) was cooked well and the spinach/potatoes/sauce was delicious. If they had nailed the falafel, I probably would have given this place 5 stars, because it was overall a great dining experience.
My family and I are regulars at this fantastic little, family-run restaurant. The food is fresh and flavorful. The staff is friendly and always accommodating. I highly recommend the tomato barley, cabbage slaw, roasted eggplant, lentil salad, sesame noodles and thin crust pizzas. I also love the cute, but comfortable, decor!
Seriously, who would have thought to find this place in Englewood, NJ? I was in town with some friends for a concert, and wasn't expecting a great dining experience to boot. The food was perfectly spiced, the meat perfectly cooked. I'd say the portions were a tad small for the price, but honestly we should all take this type of quality over quantity.
Ok. I recently experienced Bennie's for the first time through a friend that lives in Englewood. I've walked passed this restaurant many times, and I have to admit that I am sorry that I never stopped in before. The food is Fabulous!!!! I had the spicy chicken tacos (which are spicy) but a delightful blend of sweet and spice that was amazing to experience. We also had the stuffed grape leaves which are bursting with flavor. My friend had the salmon wrap w/ the potatoes (which I could probably eat everyday the rest of my life & die a happy girl) Can't wait to return soon. The service was great, very very friendly staff. If your in the area, stop by this local establishment and add it to your list of favorites!!!
mmmmm.  their tuna ahi wrap is delicious and so is their little side salad thing that comes with it.  the chicken wrap was a little dry though.  grrrr.
I've been dining at bennies for a few years now and it has remained consistantly good at what it is, which is a friendly low-key family run establishment with several choices for vegetarians and non-veg alike. My favorite is the falafel, which comes with a delectible cabbage salad and cooked potatoes. Of course they have all the standard middle-eastern staples as well. Nice ambience, friendly service, good food and value.
The food was so great, and everyone working there was so nice! I'd definitely recommend the grape leaves and the cucumber/yogurt salad!
Hummm... after reading all the reviews, I decided to pay this place a visit. BYOB, which is definitely nice. I opted for the dinner special. (lamb, cous cous and Mediterranean salad) I guess when it's advertised as Mediterranean and saw that people were raving about their authentic, traditional meal... i was hoping for the real deal. It's a nice place. The decor is nice. The service was great. I would give the overall experience a 4 star. But the food is what made me give the lower number. The lamb...did not taste like lamb. It wasn't gamey at all. Couscous was well prepared. The Mediterranean salad was a little weak. This is the staple salad in most Mediterranean restaurants and I was surprised that it wasn't great. It's definitely an American-Mediterranean cafe. (If I came in with this expectation, I would have give it a higher rating.) The price was reasonable. Their dinner is worth it. (Though I wish they would give me more than 1 skewer.) I don't know... experience overall was great. But I was craving good solid Mediterranean food. I was a little let down.
Lebanese cuisine is the best of all middle eastern cooking. I know because I'm middle eastern (I am not Lebanese) and everyone knows Lebanese are the best cooks. And Bennie's is GREAT FOOD. It's all homestyle cooking, super fresh and delicious. Great vegetarian options here (delicious cauliflower, lentils, spinach pies) that you can get as a platter, and also the chicken shwarma- so good! We've never been disappointed in any meal here, and we've been coming for years. I LOVE BENNIE'S!
Always tasty fresh foods without the extra fat of butter and frying.  Only time I like veggies is here.
Wow!  This place is incredible. A friend brought me here for lunch one day and I couldn't believe how good the food was. Everything we ordered from the appetizers, to the entrees, and the tea was excellent.   The inside of the restaurant is very cozy, you feel like you are in a cafe in another country.   I really enjoyed everything at bennies and I will definitely be returning.
This is my favorite place to eat in Englewood, maybe even Bergen County! It is a small, comfortable restaurant with beautiful decor. Their food is fresh and holds true to their slogan "health is wealth." Every experience is better than the last. It is also BYOB and moderately priced. I would strongly recommend this restaurant to anyone in the area!
Very impressed with Bennies.. Wife and I had lunch there today, I had the Chicken Schwarma as Michael reccomended and it was great the potatoes and the cabbage salw were great.. the tahini sace was the best that I have had!  Wife had the Falaffle, Hummus and Lentals.. ofcourse I had a few bites of each and they were all good.  We got out of there stuffed for $20 so it was ez on the pocket book Service was great too.. not a bad thing to say.
A Moroccan Getaway.  From the ambiance to the food, you won't be disappointed.  Finish your meal with honey cake and Turkish coffee.
I must be honest when i tell you I'm a snob when it comes to Middle Eastern food.  Having been spoiled by places like Tanoreen in Brooklyn, Hummus World in Roslyn and many others has probably ruined me from eating 'ordinary' food like this. While it was by no means 'bad,' Bennies was completely unremarkable except for the hummus which was adequate and the french fries which were excellent.   We ordered several things off the menu and none of them were anything special.  For the prices they are charging here I would expect much better quality.
We've been here several times and it never disappoints.  The food is quality, fresh and delicious.  The service is perfect and personal.  It's a quaint little spot for a low key, relaxed meal.
2nd time here.. just as delicious ad the first time and a very cozy spot. Seems like there are many regulars as the owner/waiter was friendly and effecient. Price is just about right for the deliciousness of the food... ahi tuna was nicely done and hummus.. yum Falafel was good but a bit too hard on the outside.. and meat pie was just.. ok After seeing the great job with the ahi tuna, Would love to see a grilled octopus dish :)
I wd give bennie's 10 stars! It's my favorite restaurant in all of Bergen county or wherever the heck it's called. Hey, I'm from ny, n bennies is in my top 5. I always get a mixed plate of three items, mixing it up every time depending on what they have. I also pick their homemade fries n homemade cole slaw off of my friends plate. so fresh n so good. It also has a chill middle eastern vibe.
Ordered pick-up and was ready super quick and was absolutely delicious! I love the grilled eggplant wrap and those yummy potatoes! The owner is super nice and always on site.
cool vibe, friendly service, and yummy healthy mediterranean food thats at a reasonable price! what more can you ask for?
Bennies can do no wrong. I've been coming here for the past 6 years; mostly lunches, but also early dinner.  The owner/manager/wait staff - always courteous, friendly and accommodating.  The pistachio chicken wrap with sweet potato is awesome and comes with delicious side of cabbage salad and roasted potatoes; the appetizers - from babaganoush to grilled eggplant to shepherd salad - are always fresh and nicely seasoned.  It's BYOB, it's cute, and for the most part, you can find a meter to park at.  One of the best things about Englewood.
Amazing food! No complaints.
Bennies is a gem of a place in downtown Englewood.  It is my favorite place to take friends, period!  Although I have moved a short distance way, I try to get there when I am in the area.  Over the many years I have gone, I have gotten to enjoy lots of their savory dishes.  I am especially fond of starting off with a spinach pie, which is the best I have ever tasted with its hint of onion and delicious spices.  When I've gone with a group of friends we usually like to get a cucumber and yogurt salad or a tabouli.  I am a chicken-fish vegetarian and the grilled ahi was my staple, but I typically now have chicken tauck as my entree choice as it is marinated to perfection and incredible tender.  The grilled veggies help round out the dish with the addition of the homemade French fries that don't make you feel too guilty. I have had the Atlantic salmon, brochette trio (shrimp) and the cous cous cassoulet - which are all excellent choices as well.  I have also enjoyed the maza another time and really enjoyed a combo platter another time, which highlights all the tastiness in the glass cabinet near the kitchen. This family-run eatery makes you feel at home with its colorful decor, eclectic music in the background, and excellent service, which is a welcome oasis in fast-paced northern Jersey lifestyle.
If you're not used to or don't enjoy small restaurants with close tables and limited seating, I suggest ordering the food to go. Otherwise, the decor is lovely. The restaurant is dimly lit but setting sun streams in the front windows making for a lovely late lunch/early dinner. I have always ordered the same entree: Pistachio Crusted Chicken Wrap with Rotisserie chicken, fresh red peppers, pistachios, sweet potato aioli & melted mozzarella cheese. It also comes with potatoes and a cabbage salad, a great value for lunch (especially in this neighborhood!) If you need a change from your same old lunch, I highly recommend. I have gone there for dinner with family & friends and do sample the appetizers, all of which have been outstanding. Staff is always very friendly, giving you a nice neighborhood feel, even though the decor and ambiance transports you to a foreign land. I just wish the place was bigger! Every time I have to host an event, I always think of Bennie's but it always winds up that the guest list is larger than they can accommodate.
Absolutely love their food.  Very fresh and with a delicious combination of spices.  Owner is very friendly.  My husband and I are here at least twice a month if not more.  The chicken shwarma is my favorite!
When there last night. Great experience. Babaganoush was delicious! My girl friend ordered a grilled chicken salad and I had the special (pick 3 items) and everything was delicious and fresh.   The service was ultra friendly, fast and attentive. I will definitely be back soon!
Whoever Ben is, I suspect if he went to culinary school he skipped the classes about running a"profitable" and "efficient" restaurant.  The food here is too fresh, the premises are too clean, and the service is too accommodating for his first thoughts to be on making as much money as he can off each customer. Every time you step into Bennie's it is apparent that the people there really care about what they're putting on your plate.  The food is delicious, healthy, fresh, and consistently well done.  The ambiance is attractive, clean, and just a bit funky.  The service is just fine.   I'm partial to the Chicken Schwarma and the Veggie Burger (really a falafel wrap).  All the salads are good here. It may not be the cheapest place to eat on the block but you leave this place feeling good about yourself.  Good that you just had a healthy, fresh and delicious meal.  But most of all, good that you bought the quality we are always telling one another we want.
Love this place! I've been here for lunch and dinner several times & never had a bad meal. The place is small and almost entirely run by the owner/cook/waiter/busboy. He wears many hats and all of them very well. The food always comes out fast and amazing! Although the place is small, you never feel rushed out. Too many great menu items to list them. Try whatever looks good and I'm sure you won't be disappointed. Few things to know: more on the casual side, it's a byob, outdoor seating available but only a few tables & they don't deliver. Great place for lunch or dinner.
Love the food! Can't go wrong with any of the kafta dishes. A pretty good lunch spot too.
Went to Bennie's for lunch.  The food was fresh and delicious, the ahi tuna wrap was excellent and something different given the Middle Eastern menu.  The Beef Shawarma was flavorful also.
As far as Mediterranean food goes, this place is one of the best. I went here for lunch with my girlfriend on Saturday. The place wasn't packed and we got seated immediately. For the appetizer we had hummus, which was pretty good. The pita bread was delicious. I had a beef schwarma wrap. The beef was marinated very well, but i didn't like how they had pickles in it. My girlfriend had their falafel and though she didn't particularly enjoy it, I liked it. Overall, the place was great. Service was fine, and the food came pretty quickly.
Had to be in Englewood for doctor appt. Figured I would take home some food to the "stuck at home crew'" Something different so that we would have the feeling that SANDY didn't get to us. WOW. Never the thought to try this place. The food was great. Tried a variety of things, hoping I would hit paydirt with a few. I hit it big with all of the dishes. Everybody loved all that I bought. However, the biggest hit was the vegetarian pizza. Who would think a mediterranean restaurant would make fabulous pizza! Well, this place does. This is a must place. On top of great food, reasonable prices for the quality and quantitiy, the owner is friendly and helpful. I marked not sure if it is good for groups because it is small.
My go-to place for running out at lunch.  It's SO good.  I can't say I actually ever have brought wine, but I've eaten lunch and dinner and done take out from here, and just can't get enough. My go to combination: Grilled eggplant...charred slightly, mushy, flavorful...I'm trying desperately to recreate this at home. The tabouleh is the BEST.  Fresh as can be, not over processed....yum.  I dream of it. Babaganoush...ok, so I apparently have an eggplant thing,,,it's my fave. Eat here,  Very worth it.
Bennies is very good with a variety of Mediterranean food. If your in town definitely go here.
great, friendly service. food is delicious! highly recommend the chicken schwarma. the hot tea with sugar is so soothin and relaxin'.
Delicious, affordable, fresh. Will go back soon
Poor quality and nasty staff Don't waste your money
Had lunch there the other day and enjoyed the food.  Great place to meet with friends and have a good meal to go with it too.  Definitely recommended.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. Bennies is my girlfriends and I go to spot for a delicious meal. The ambiance is perfect here for date nights if you want to take a special someone to someplace unique in Englewood. Service is awesome. The girl who waitresses there is so cute and adorable you cant help but compliment here. The owner(i think hes the owner?) is usually always there serving and is genuinely asking how life is going. Food is perfect. My girls and I usually start off the roasted red pepper hummus. YUMM. then we choose from the case. There sesame noodles are to die for. Like if crack was food it would be Bennies sesame noodles. Also in the case they have an avocado chicken...awesome. Oh and did I mention the best part about this place, did i?? Well its BYOB!!!! I love a good BYOB spot, and this is top notch. Liquor store is right next door, perfect. Oh Bennies, never a fail.
The food was delicious - I recommend the combo plate for the most variety - and the service was warm and friendly. The mint tea was especially good. Our server's mother was the chef. I would go again, definitely.
I came here with great expectations and hungry! But the food was Disgusting had the falafel lunch I thought I was eating salt balls ,, The falafel was so greasy and slightly over cooked  the only safe thing was the pita !Thank God I had water Geesh!  So disappointed :(
THEIR FOOD IS AWESOME !!! When you walk into this place the decoration will make you WOW !! Its a small place but its perfect, the service and the people are all very friendly and warming ! Now the FOOD.... Unbelievable, ORGASMIC... Every bite was a pleasure. I had the dinner special that included a choice of either chicken or lamb kabob, a choice of appetizer and a salad. Unbelievable delicious. Pricing is even better because considering how delicious their meals are, the price is average. For two meals we didn't pay over $35.00. I highly recommend this place. Don't forget the hummus, its to die for.
Delicious food in simple nice setting.  Good value.
great service...had pistachio chicken...really good....
Love this place.  Food is consistently excellent and the place is run well.  One of my favorite spots
Love this Mediterranean restaurant! They have the best tabouli I have had in a long time! Their baba ganoche is also great, my 4 year-old absolutely loves it! I often get the chicken kebab with two sides and it's very good value. Their decor is very cozy, and the staff is nice. Never had a complaint!
The best food in Englewood and maybe even Bergen County.  Always fresh, healthy, and the best ingredients.  The food is really incredible and you can tell they take pride in what they do.
Nice dinner here with friends.  Ate the Maza and several other dishes.  Looking forward to a return visit.
Bennie's has a terrific, laid-back vibe and great food. We tried several dishes--everyone of them excellent.  The spicy eggplant dip, koftas, all memorable.  The big problem is, frankly, the exterior. I would never have tried this place if not for a friend's insistent recommendation of the food--and apology for the exterior decor.  Bennie:  enlarge the sign, take off the words on the windows, and up your game!
Absolutely gem of a place for Englewood. Have eaten there several times and never leave disappointed. Food is always fresh and tastes great. Lots of heart went into this place and into the food that is served.
Loved the food n the ambience... best Mediterranean food I ever had!
