The food here is amazing!!! I always get the combination chicken souvlaki gyro sandwich. It's perfect. Family owned business and they are all friendly. Food is perfect. Decor is ehhh, but it's worth it. I've pretty much become a regular at this little Greek restaurant.
Best char grilled burgers ever!!! I love this place. The cooks is really considerate and pokes holes on the top of the containers so your food doesn't arrive soggy during delivery - it is very appreciated!
If you're craving greek this is the place to go. Fresh flavors and super friendly service. Not a 5 star sit down place but more of a local gem. They don't do a great job of explaining the dishes- so if you don't know greek food do your research before hand. Visited with 4 people and the bill averaged  about $10 per person.
The food is excellent. Lamb gyro is lean yet succulent., the pita fresh and fluffy yet crisp and the the scratch baklava and lemon soup are sublime. Craveable. I've never been to Greece, but this is exceptionally consistent and fresh quality by any reasonable standards for a neighborhood joint.
Fantastic well made traditional Greek food at a reasonable price. Best true Greek food in the area. Iv been going to Christo for years as my go-to spot for real Greek food. He's a very friendly and hospitable guy and it's always a pleasure to sit and talk to him and patronize his business.
I couldn't even wait to finish my chicken gyro to start typing this. Great place! When my daughter and I walked in, we were greeted warmly. Just how I like to feel when I enter a place of business.  My chicken gyro was delicious, and my daughter scarves down her gyro although she said she was already full. I'll definitely be back!
There is a homely feel to this restaurant. Anyone who knows me knows I love a little hole-in-the-wall. My aunt lives down the street from this place and recommended it to me because I told her I love gyros. The gyro I had was cheaper than usual (I live in Miami and Mediterranean food is amongst the most expensive cuisines down there) and larger than usual. I couldn't finish it. My pita was so fresh. And the tzatziki sauce was nice and thick! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone... Plus they deliver!
If you want to go somewhere to eat and feel like "family" then Christos is the place to go. The gyros are really good and probably the least expensive you will find in any restaurant anywhere. Chris is always ready with one of his dumb jokes, and often gives away extras for free. I love the lamb gyros, and while not huge, they will definitely fill you up. For desert try the Baklava. It is deliciously sweet and flaky and I'm pretty sure his wife makes it from scratch. My dad demands that we eat here every time he's in town, and my son feels the same way. I highly recommend Christos for a great time, and a great meal!
Best gyro in the Bronx, and one of the best in NYC. Owner is a great guy, and an honest businessman. As a result, the prices are crazy low. For literally the same price as McDonald's across the street, you can get an equally filling and much, much better meal. Besides the obvious namesake gyro, I highly recommend the avgolemono soup (especially when it's cold out)! Bonus: If you're feeling extra lazy, they'll deliver for free to most of the northwest Bronx and upper Manhattan.
Love eating at this place.  Everything from the gyros to the baklava is great and reasonably priced. Quick delivery and they even delivered during the snow storm.
RATING - Closer to 2.00 - 2.25 in my opinion.   I differ with my fellow Yelper who said Chrystos is better than Greek Express on Riverdale Avenue.  Sorry but - NO WAY!   GYRO - Not terrible but....the meat was  rubbery and, although well flavored, it was "just ok" if you know what I mean".  It is nice that they use red onion in the salad which gives it an additional bite. The tzatziki was luscious and creamy but needed more garlic, (note, I am a garlic lover and love having my socks blown off so, for the average diner, I'm sure their tzatziki is fine...LOL).   FALAFEL - Flavorful & Spicy = Good, Dry & Grainy = Bad.  The chick peas were not fully cooked which made for a very gritty texture.  The sandwich came without tzatziki , though I have no idea why but the lack of it added to the dryness. SPINACH PIE - A thin, rectangular shaped, individual pie vs. a slice of spinach pie.  Very nice and tasty but, it struck me that for the price, they are saving $ by making individual pies which look nice, vs. a large pie with more filling. DELIVERY - LIGHTENING FAST!  VERY PLEASANT GUY ON THE PHONE. PRICE - REASONABLE OVERALL - No bad....not great.  Would I go there if it were in walking distance to my apartment? Absolutely.   If you are ordering in, I'd recommend Greek Express on 235th and Riverdale Avenue vs. Christos. In my book, they are the best and if you think you can do better, go to Queens.  And....even if you did, I'd put Greek Express up next to anyplace in that borough and they'd win!
This place rocks my socks!!! Really tasty gyros and falafel. We have been there twice to eat in but we usually do take out. The place itself is really simple, a no frills type of place. The food is great, better than Greek Express (sorry), not super greasy at all. Their Greek salad is good with dressing on the side (for us that don't like our greens drenched in dressing) and the people running the business are friendly and check in on you while having your meal! Will be back!
Christos is your typical little Greek restaurant, with typical Greek fare, but Mabel is right--it has a great homemade twist! From the food to the service, it's one of the friendliest spots in the area (the owner is a real sweetheart)! You can eat in house or take out, but if you do decide to stay, it's very very casual. The gyros are amazzinngg--hot, juicy, tasty, well-seasoned, and the tzatziki sauce is delish. My friends and I all rave about the place!
Typical greek food, but with an amazing homemade twist. if you are ever in the kingsbridge area in the bronx on a cold day, do yourself a favor, stop in and order the chicken lemon soup with a side order of homemade hummus, trust me you won't regret it.
Our whole family loves Christos! My husband found this place close to his work and fell in love with the food and the the family run atmosphere.  The food is amazing and the owner, makes you feel warm and welcome everytime!  This place truly knows customer service.  Ample portions that are delicious!  There is a closer Greek restauarnt closer to our apartment, but my husband refuses as his loyalty resides with Christos!  I can't wait to take my Dad when he comes for a visit as his Mother's family is from Greece.   "Efhoristo" for Christos!!
The best gyros around. Unlike, others, though, I don't find the guy that nice. He speaks to my Greek husband, but totally ignores me. You come for food, not friends, though, right? Everything is always solid and tasty.
I'm slowly trying to eat at all the restaurants in my nabe, so I had the falafel here the other day. Very good. It was $5 and yummy. What made the experience all the more great was the very friendly staff (family run?). Will definitely go again. Negative: It's IMPOSSIBLE to park near here. There's a auto-repair shop next door and cars are always double and even triple parked! However, you can park in the McDonalds lot and probably not get towed if you're just doing take-out.
Great family place with good food and great service.  The owner, his wife and his son take pride in providing great service and good food and very affordable prices.   The chicken gyros are amazing.
Fantastic gyro! Prices are a little lower than their competitor and the taste probably beats out the other great Riverdale Gyro place.
Amazingly tasty gyro, the best I've ever had. I usually do take out, but the man there is really nice. Prices are great too! I love ordering Greek yogurt with nuts. Sólo good!
Mr. Christo and his family-run biz are the best gyro place in the Bronx, without a shadow of a doubt. Incredibly hefty and tasty gyros, really sumptuous mozz stix and fries, and just a really great air of friendliness that permeates this place add up to create the ideal gyro experience in the city. Do yourself a big favor and ask Mr. Christo for the "champagne." Truly the absolute best when it comes to affordable yet delicious food, and consistently affable service. This place gets mentions in several newspapers all the time for a very good reason.
I wish I had tried this place sooner. The gyros are to die for. Probably the best I have ever eaten. I was a fan of Greek Express until I tried this place. If you want to feel satisfied with money well spent- I highly recommend this truly authentic eatery.
Very tasty. The baklava is a little too sweet but the hummus is out of this world. It is soo good. I have had several different gyro and soulvaki  platters. I find the chicken to be a little dry but the pork is yummy. :-)
Just ordered delivery from this place. AMAZING! So glad to find a new spot uptown that delivers. And, the price is great too!
Fast, well-priced and delicious. Portions were good, and the meal was filling. Didn't hurt that the delivery was insanely fast (are the cooking the food in the delivery truck?) The menu may be a photocopy, but the food is the real deal
I was in the Bronx for work, and saw the high ratings. Pretty easy to find, although parking not so much. Fast, friendly even though they didn't know me from Adam in my three piece suit. Great quality. Check them out.
Family run by lovely people. Delicious inexpensive Greek classics -- felafel, moussaka, etc. Very plain clean white decor. Recently picked by the Daily News as the best gyro in NYC. I don't eat gyro, but everything else I've ever had here was fresh and delicious.
i looked up greek restaurants in riverdale and this and the greek express popped up....having been to both  and also being a real foodie i always go to where the best food is.......HANDS DOWN IT IS CHRISTOS.....the freshest of food....very flavorful and hot dishes are served hot......nothing of which occurred the times i tried the Greek Express...where not only was the food not good but i was concerned one chicken gyro was actually going to make me sick.......and by the way only went there because it was a Sunday and Christos was closed... In addition, i never saw the articles on the front window of the greek express that are on Christos....from the New York Daily News and the Wall Street Journal naming Christos as one of the best  Greek restaurants......So do not waste your time and money....head right to Christos...believe me i have written enough reviews and been to enough restaurants to know the difference..... Lastly this familiy run business is very welcoming...lovely people...where as the greek express is run only like a business with the owner standing over the cashier and the waiter as cold as one can be...i do not know about you but i like to be surrounded by cordiality when i eat
I've been coming here for years now and wanted to share their latest and greatest news,  they have been written up in the Wall Street Journal as one of the 2% of NYC restaurants that have a perfect record with the health dept.  This means that they never have had a violation in their history!  Now wonder the food is so good!  Their Gyros and Souvlaki are as good as it gets and their pricing will leave you pleasantly surprised.
Like Louie I., I went to Christos after the Daily News voted it the best gyro in the city and was disappointed too by the skimpiness of the gyro meat (where's the lamb?).  The gyro itself was good -- better than the fake gyro-meat (beef, pork or whatever) that is typically offered at non-gyro places -- but nothing spectacular.  Perhaps the lamentable decline in the number of gyro places overall (I used to love the one on 8th avenue between 42nd and 43rd before they cleaned up the area) makes people overrate this particular gyro joint.
I love this place! It's a mom & pops type of ambiance.  The gyro sandwiches are awesome. Servers are attentive and the place is spotless.
No matter what time of the day it is or if I'm receiving a delivery or picking it up , my food taste great! The Owner is very welcoming, the cook Is friendly, seems patient and takes pride in his food. I even placed an order for delivery in their last hour they delivered it for me without a problem. The food was good! I usually get a grilled chicken sandwich and fried calamari. They forgot my can soda but didn't bother me I did call 45mins to closing :-)
Good gyros. Greasy spoon atmosphere. Very friendly, welcoming staff. I'll be back whenever I have to hit up the mechanic!
Great gyros and platters! 99 percent of the time I ordered at home and the delivery orders were right one time and accurate.  Ate in one afternoon and they were friendly! Now I've moved and miss them....
BEST GREEK FOOD ANYWHERE!  OMG, my family comes from out of town and this is the first place they want to go to get food.  The owners are so nice and friendly and they remember everyone who goes there.  If you've never been there they will make you feel at home. Great place. It's a little hard to find if you don't know the area but that isn't too bad for those of us who live near by and want to keep it all to ourselves.  I always order the chicken gyro souvlaki sandwich and my mouth just waters at the thought of it.  This isn't an upscale place at all but definitely a great place to eat that is local and comfy.  Totally recommend this place if you are in the area.
I went here for the first time last night and got the chicken gyro platter and baklava for desert.  It ran me $14 (10 for platter and 3 for baklava).  The gyro, salad, and rice were delicious and there was a lot of it.  The baklava was average - I would not order it again because there are other places in the area with better.  I got my food to go, but you can eat in as well.  The owner and other help were friendly.   I will definitely eat there again for the great platters.
I love this place. I've never gone there to order, but my phone orders are always taken by the nicest guys and the food is delicious! My only complaint is that they're not open on Sundays. *grin* The delivery people are nice as well and I don't think I've ever had to wait a long time for my order to arrive. I get the chicken souvlaki most often and always love it. The rice is delicious. The baklava rocks (better than what I can get from the nearby diner).
Great Gyros, great family run business. The service here is impeccable, everyone is just so friendly. The food is great, very fresh and made with care.
Great inexpensive food in a family environment. This is by no means a fancy place, just a simple, clean, small little place. My favorite is the gyro souvlaki combo platter, and the hummus.
Best greek food around. Wonderful family owned restaurant. I love their gyro platter with rice and greek salad. Their home made baklava is amazing!
I went to christos after reading it was voted best gyro in the city.I was very disappointed,they are stingy with the gyro meat which tasted stale like it was reheated a few times but not as stale as the pita.They put a ton of red onion on which is all you taste.I've had so many better gyros it makes me wonder how it could be voted best in the city.
Solid Greek style place. Tahini tastes homemade. Had the falafel sandwich. It was delicious. I enjoyed my meal very much.
I love this place! The food is great. The staff is great. Can't beat it! If you are in the neighborhood, try it out. you will not be disappointed.
excellent gyros!
Christos is a family business with a straightforward menu, including Greek classics, like gyro and spinach pie amongst others, with American (hamburgers and fries), and even a bit of Italian with the fried calamari.  The food served is gleamingly fresh and made when ordered, even the Greek chicken rice soup.  The Greek desserts are homemade and authentic.  The restaurant is also home-style in white with blue accents. Most importantly, along with the freshest food, the atmosphere is warm and welcoming.  Christos and his entire family make each visit there a complete pleasure.  You will come out smiling.  .
Christos burgers are pretty good.  If you get the 'deluxe,' it comes with fries, lettuce, tomatoes, and a pickle.  I would recommend the bacon swiss-burger deluxe, but that is a personal preference.  Also, if you want it medium order it medium rare, as they over cook the burgers at times.  I also highly recommend the chicken ceaser salad or gyro.
Perfection!  Food is always fresh and perfectly prepared and the service is very friendly.  Delivery is also quick.  I order from this place at least once a week and eat here about twice a month.
Was looking for a Gyro place close to me that had excellent reviews. Man was I disappointed. Yes indeed its a mom and pop type of place, but I don't ever trust a book by its cover. Ordered the hummus, lamb gyro, and felafel gyro. All three were major fails. The hummus was so so small and mediocre, although they tried making up by designing a face on it with olives and other veggies, meh. The Lamb gyro was small and like any other gyro and again so damn small again for 7.00. My lady ordered the felafel gyro and it was awful, mushy type of felafel instead of crispy flavorful balls. Damn really bad. Lesson learned but I will still use yelp. Also if your ever in Rhode Island you have got to go to East Side Pockets, nobody absolutely no one can touch their Gyro's, felafel or hummus.
Best Gyros and Souvlaki in all of NY! Super generous portions. The place is always impeccably clean and the owner cannot be friendlier. No one I have taken here has ever been disappointed.
