Brunch can be expensive here.  It's a great place to grab coffee with a friend our brunch with buddy's.  The food is ok but the pastries and muffins are where it's at.
pick from their extensive list of craft beers, nibble on their crab cakes and a plate of lobster mac and cheese, and lean back in the chairs once used by tony soprano... all of the cafe's furniture is from nuovo vesuvio, the restaurant in the sopranos.
Check it out, and don't skip dessert. My husband and I frequently stop by this great neighborhood restaurant. It's always busy, but the staff is very accommodating. The menu changes regularly and is delicious.
A great neighborhood spot. Full bar and good dessert selection. The cheese plate was about 3 stars. The place is big and it feels like I'm back in Texas a tiny bit.
Stopped in with my friend before I left town. Had an AMAZING cheese and meat board, some great beer, and a side of olives. The olives were piping hot, which was a bit strange to me, but they were good. I tried a bite of my friend's tomato basil soup, and it was really delicious. They have trivia nights on Wednesdays and specials during those times as well. I wish I lived here so I could go! I'll be back the next time I'm in town.
Indian Road Cafe is by far my favorite restaurant in Inwood and is among my top 5 in all of Manhattan. My boyfriend and I go here for all of our special occasion dinners, and the brunch is wonderful as well-- bottomless mimosas for $14!!! The service is always friendly (though certain members of the wait staff are better than others). The menu is fairly small, but everything on it is good. The food is delicious and thoughtfully prepared-- most things are made from local ingredients. The wine and beer selection is fabulous (lots of craft/local/micro brews). It also bears mentioning that many of the beers, cheeses, etc. on the menu are available for purchase in the market area up front, which also features a gelato counter and a coffee bar. The layout of the restaurant is really nice and open, the 75 year old bar is beautiful, and the tables and chairs are from the Vesuvio's Restaurant set of the Sopranos!!! I love this place!!
Food is tasty and fresh here, though brunch can get a bit expensive. It's always packed on weekends but we never had to wait more than 10 min, which is quite unbelievable since the staff is pretty slow (but very nice). If you leave some room for dessert, try their S&S cheesecake, it's the best in NYC!
I like the Indian Road Cafe but my main reason for giving it four stars is because it's probably the only bar I could see myself hanging out at in Inwood. I haven't lived here very long though. I like the laid back atmosphere and, to some extent, the people there. The customers are a mix of older "George Lucas" looking dudes and people in their 30's. It doesn't seem like a meat market but more like a place for young families, friends, or single people who aren't really looking to "hook up". There is a little hipster vibe, or perhaps I should say, the sort of vibe you would find in other cities like Chapel Hill, NC or Boulder, CO. The bar is fine, lots to chose from, good beer on tap. I thought the food was pretty expensive for what it was, and the portions were sort of average. The latte I ordered was pretty good, a little bitter - but I liked the leaf pattern thing they did with the froth. It's a nice, calm, spacious cafe that is relaxing and mellow to visit. The waiter called me "dude" which I can't say I really liked but I rolled with it. It's also next to Inwood Hill park, so definitely a nice chill location.
Great place, but give it 3 stars instead of 4 because the price to portion ratio lets you down a little. Granted, the view/location is great, not "that" great, and it's a trek to get to (we live in the neighborhood and walk, but for who is taking the subway to 207 then walking, it's a little hike). In other words, a little out of the way. No problem on that, but the prices (and clientele, at least on weekends) are more akin to New Leaf Cafe, in Fort Tryon park, which is clearly more upscale and elegant. The weekend brunch is very good taste-wise but the portions are a little small. Bottom line, definitely worth visiting, great quality food, congrats on all the locally-sourced food ingredients and expansive beer/booze list. Perhaps this all goes into the higher price and lesser portions. Just be prepared on that end and you'll have a great time. TIP: the stuffed french toast from the brunch is unbelievable.
My husband and I love this place. Great atmosphere and food. We really enjoy when they have special tasting menus such as South African and they have a great brunch.
My spouse and I had been wanting to try this place and finally got our chance about two Sundays ago.  We loved it.  The ambiance was great and the food was gooooood!  A little on the pricey side for our budget, but we would recommend it.  The location also lends a good air to the location since it is right by Inwood Hill Park.
Oh my oh my . . . let's see - three people, three appetizers, two different entrees.  Caesar salad:  the romaine was fresh but the dressing was thick, cloying, uninspired (had better from a bottle in a cafeteria); glazed pork belly:  very overcooked but nicely spiced and over marinated julienne carrots that were deliciously complex; tomato/lentil dip with pita:  too heavy on the tomato, not a pleasant texture, boring.  Owner's meatballs and penne:  really good meatballs, overcooked penne, and a sauce you'd rather they had left off.  It was boring and terribly salty.  I can pretty much put up with any pasta but did not eat this even after adding butter to smooth and enrich the taste; chicken pot pie:  the crust was old, not home made, and reminiscent of cardboard, the chicken was way over cooked, and the sauce was watery and tinged green.  When the waiter asked whether we would like to see the dessert menu I said that seeing it was the only thing we would risk.  One of us ate the meatballs and penne because she just did and I ate my meatballs and our friend ate only one bite of her pot pie.  Really lovely looking place, nice, relaxed atmosphere, generous and apologetic manager who, unfortunately, came up with poor excuses for the really lousy meal.  Suggestion - if you're asking a customer how the meal was and he/she is telling you from a place of knowing, don't make excuses.  Someone is just not tasting the food as it goes out or that person needs to be replaced.  Too bad, big disappointment.  Would never go back.
As I am not a fan of getting coshed over the head from behind as I read on a park bench in the hours near dusk, or getting eaten alive by a horde of mosquitos in flagrant disregard and disrespect of my bug spray, I came here to read an extremely boring textbook that I couldn't concentrate on at home. If you are like me, and enjoy nature better from a hermetically sealed, temperature-controlled vantage point, with coffee, come inside and have a bite while you look at the view of the northernmost section of Inwood Hill Park and the river... (Incidentally, what you are seeing across the river is Marble Hill, which is still part of Manhattan, regardless of it being smack dab in the Bronx, next to Riverdale. This is because the 'river' was not there back in the day, they dug a canal so ships could pass through. Who knew? Theoretically, you could get cheaper rent there but still be able look down your provincial Manhattanite nose at the 'declasse' boroughs. No one would know the diff really since all your friends in Brooklyn(TM) and on the LES(c) never venture above 96th st anyways). (Also incidentally, down the street to the east was the site of some Edwardian mini-Trump's pipe dream, a failed venture to build a massive Coney Island style amusement park called Wonderland. The money was spent, the plans were made and then suddenly the whole scheme collapsed like an old timey hot air balloon. Pfft (frowny face). Columbia's athletic field eventually surfaced on that spot though. Huzzah!). Anyhoooo, as far as a place that will let you sit with a cup of tea and a dessert for well over an hour while you read, I would say 5 stars. The area for coffee lingerers is somewhat dimly lit and strange polka music can be heard from over in the restaurant section, but it is quieter than the library and not at all smelly. The chocolate cookie I ate was maybe half the size of my head (it is quite large) and pretty much tasted like my mother made it that afternoon (a good thing). This place got 5 stars instead of 4.6, solely for the band playing "Roll Out The Barrel", in a totally non-ironic way.
This place is really beautiful and quaint. I work a block away and came with my co-workers for after-work decompression. We had the cheese plate, the hummus, and the soup of the day (which was carrot-ginger), along with various wines/coffees, etc. The food was absolutely amazing and plentiful! But what I liked most was how welcoming this cafe is. There was a wonderful mix of families, people on laptops working away, people just reading, and small groups of professionals. The crowd gave this place a very homey vibe. Being new to the neighborhood as a resident as well, I am very glad we have a place like this!
I rely on Indian Road Cafe for yummy food that is high quality and served by friendly, highly competent waitstaff. If I want a night in the neighborhood, meeting my fellow locals and being entertained, this is it. It's an easy place to hang out, listen to live music, learn about Inwood of days gone by, and/or get rollicking with Pub Quiz night. Indian Road Cafe is a neighborhood pillar and nexus for friendship, business, and good times.
Very good place to work on the laptop. There's a lot going on, but the counters for laptop use are sort of isolated (compared to other places) so, it is possible to get work done. Food and drinks are good and it always smells great in there.
Good food near the Bronx
i like this place, the food is good, so is the coffee and tea. the location is great, and this place has such a great atmosphere on a summer weekend. i find they overestimate their wait times, and we always get seated sooner. some of the reviews on here have left me really sad for the state of humanity. serioulsy you expect to hog a table at a popular restaurant for several hours on a busy weekend? this is a buisness. buisnesses stay in buisness by turning tables during busy times. it seems kind of entitled to expect free wifi and a comfortable space when all you are ordering is a cup of coffee. the profit margin on your coffee will not even pay your server, let alone your share of the overhead. if you value your quiet place to work, then be respectful and allow them the opportunity to make some money to cover their running costs during peak times. it is mutually benificial as there is just about no way to maintain a restaurant on one coffee and hour patrons. but then to complain about the people coming in with kids!!!! this is a cafe accross from a park, if you really hate kids why are you here? one thing about people with kids, they do not linger, it is just not possible, they eat and get out, and if you see a cranky irritated kid, chances are they are overtired and hungry because they had to wait for a table as the laptop people were hogging an entire corner of the restaurant. oh and those families who eat a full meal and leave after 40 minutes? the profit on their order is paying for your wifi.
4.5 stars. I've been hanging out in Inwood for a year now & I've always seen this place in passing, but didn't officially try it until this past weekend. Ultimately I was so impressed with brunch that I ended up going here twice in one day. First came in for brunch around 1pm. The place was close to full but we were seated immediately. We ordered a small french press for the table, which served about 4 cups of coffee. The wait for the food was reasonable, but on the longer side as they were pretty busy & only had 2 chefs working. I was really impressed by the selection of benedicts on the menu; there were at least 7 different types. My bf went with the caprese benedict (tomatoes, mozz & bazil with Hollandaise. $15.) and I had the corned beef hash with eggs ($12. Not your standard canned corned beef, but freshly grated). But were out-of-this-world delicious and the serving size was perfect; not too little, not too much. Came back in around 9pm that same night with a few friends for drinks. Their drink selection is quite extensive. I had a cider, which was good, and their specialty cocktail called Bunny Slippers, which was a little too simple, but still good. Also had an order of their roast duck summer rolls, which were (again) good, but there were only two small rolls for $10 and they could have had a greater ratio of duck to veggies. In terms of brunch, this place gets 5 stars and is the hands-down best brunch in Inwood. Arguably my top 5 for brunch in NYC. I wasn't impressed with the after-hours portion, but this place has my business for brunch for a long time to come.
Nice atmosphere, friendly service, good beer, and food pretty good too. Live pianist very good. Jazz standards.
Excellent dinner spot! The kale salad was the perfect start to our meal and the lobster mac & cheese was incredible! So flavorful, rich and delicious with a lot of lobster meat! Jason, the owner, came and said hello to our table and it was really nice to meet him. Service was great, can't wait to come back next time we're in the neighborhood!
This is quite simply the best coffee shop in Northern Manhattan.  I will qualify that by stating that it doesn't really have any serious competition due to the fact that, with only 1 or 2 notable exceptions (e.g. Joe), very high quality coffee hasn't made it past the 40s.  Nonetheless, they set a high standard to live up to.  They have a steadily rotating selection of single origin coffees from Counter Culture brewed on the French Press, and they pull CC's Espresso Toscano on a La Marzocco GB/5.  Toscano has never been my favorite espresso, but they do a good job with it. What sets this place apart from other serious coffeehouses on Manhattan is that it is also a full service restaurant, providing Breakfast, Brunch, Lunch, and Dinner options.  The food, while potentially being a bit pricey for what it is, is quite good, and they provide multiple vegetarian options.  The pastries are also significantly above average for coffeehouse standards.  They provide an extensive beer selection with several limited and seasonal brews showing up regularly.  Table service is reasonably good, and the staff in general are quite pleasant, which is rare in this town.  Also rare in this town is the strong neighborhood, and even small town vibe that one picks up in this place.  And I have to say: Joel Forrester plays a mean piano on Saturday mornings. While I'm loath to criticize a place that does a pretty good job overall, it does have a few opportunities for improvement.  I think it could use a drip bar.  While I recognize that all of their coffee is done French Press, and that is quite commendable, there are many origins for which is brewing method is definitely not ideal.  Also, the only made to order brewed coffee options are for 2-4 people.  It would be nice to see single cup made to order options, or if this isn't ideal from a time/profit standpoint, to take a leaf out of Joe's playbook and offer single cup pour-over coffee on off-peak hours.  It would also be nice to see a single origin espresso option, though this also might not be feasible.  Finally, as some have noted, the acoustics are pretty terrible, so it can get rather loud when it's busy.  Still, it's a pretty solid place in an altogether unlikely location, and it's definitely worth your time if you find yourself all the way uptown.
Came here for brunch. There are tons of vegetarian options on the menu, which is awesome. My friend and I had their fresh squeezed orange juice, which was pretty good. I had an omelette with spinach and parmesan cheese which came with toast, some greens, and a hash brown. Amazing and the perfect portion size. My friend had eggs as well which he liked. I got coffee, and my friend got a latte, which were excellent. Service was friendly. I'd come back here for brunch and would like to try them for dinner as well.
I really like the feel of the cafe.  The food is yum and coffee is strong and they deal with kids pretty well... why not 5 stars?  Nothing is perfect... They run out of pastries quickly and it can be a little loud on Sundays as they have someone playing the piano usually.
I have lived in Inwood for a few years now and apparently it is blasphemy to not go to Indian Road Café.  All of my friends raved so my boyfriend and I jaunted over for a Sunday brunch.  The hostess was so nice and the location is great because he or she will take your name and number which allows you to explore Inwood Hill Park while you wait for a seat. However, a nice time waiting for a meal doesn't make the meal great.  I got the Baked Stuffed French Toast Cassata and boyfriend the IRC Special Omelet.  Pretty fun sounding right?  The French toast was not very good, too sweet and it came out with really hard crust that I had to saw through with my knife. the omelet was average with above average cheese on it and eh who cares...especially because I can't get over the hash brown logs that are served here.
Great food, Great service,one of the best places i've been to in Inwood. Love bringing friends
Awesome place. A place where you can get a really high end Old Fashioned. Sit at the bar and enjoy mixology developed with pride. Hiring here is a discerning process, so the bartenders are well qualified to get the job done right.
Indian Road Cafe is an interesting place to say the least.  Walk in here and you almost feel like you're stepping into one of those quirky restaurants or cafe's you only see on tv sit coms. Think "Perk Bench" or something along those lines... Should come as no surprise then that the owner of this place had a career in film and television production before opening this joint up. New York Undercover, The Sopranos, etc., etc. Google him and see his creds for yourself... The place is vibrant, great location, literally on the corner of the last residential street in Manhattan with views of the River and Inwood Hill Park.  The food on the other hand is just ok, even meh...  As creative and unique as I think this place is, I think it needs to focus more on the food and making sure the customer is happy.  Instead, it seems to have 101 different concepts going on.  No lie, it's a family restaurant, a wine bar, an ale house, a coffee bar, a community gathering place, a performance space, an internet café...  Definitely too much going on here. Personally I like this place, I think it's pretty dope,  My girl on the other hand, not so much...  Hence my point.  Stick to a more concentrated concept making food and service the priority and I think you can make it all the way up to a, "WooHoo! As good as it gets!".
2.5 stars. Stopped here for brunch on our way to checking out Inwood Hill Park. It's a very local joint with a laid-back atmosphere. The layout is rather poor (requires navigation just to get to the bathrooms), but it seemed like a pretty friendly place. I ordered the Spinach Artichoke Scramble. It came in a mini skillet with baked eggs, creamed spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes, and american cheese. It tasted good, but definitely not of restaurant quality. Reminds me of the omelets I make at home where I'm just tossing in whatever's in my fridge. The others had corned beef hash and eggs. Again, they were fine but the quality is something I can get from a cafeteria. I can make better eggs at home. All of our dishes came with something called "parmesan hash browns" which sounds pretty good on the menu but turned out to be a complete joke. We each got a fried potato patty that looked exactly like the ones you get from McDonald's that had a few strands of parmesan burned into the top. The food is not bad but really very mediocre. If you live in the neighborhood, it's probably good enough as a drop-in place. For us, having hiked our way up from midtown, it's not worth the trek. (The park, however, was really neat!)
I really liked the food and and the service but it seems like a hangout for local bullies I saw someone get bullied up the block never did find out what happened to em..
I LOVE their brunch.  The smokey baked beans alone are worth coming all the way up to 218th for. My boyfriend and I enjoyed a wonderful brunch up here a week or two ago.  The place was crowded but we were seated quickly.  It's a cute, homey place - definitely feels like a cozy neighborhood place.  I really enjoyed the live piano! We had the large French press - delicious.  My bf ordered a Bloody Mary and something in a cast-iron skillet with artichokes; I had scrambled eggs, bacon, and baked beans.  EVERYTHING was amazing.  From the pickle in the Bloody Mary to the freaking whole wheat toast, we were licking our plates when we were done.  I just ate lunch and I'm getting hungry thinking about it. Service was a bit distracted, but it was a busy day, and the waiter and busboys were all really friendly. We will DEFINITELY be back!
I went there once, and while it's got a nice vibe and a young, hip crowd, I thought the wait was too long and the menu could be better.  While the chicken dish I had was tasty, the prices are higher, the portions are smaller, and the menu variety isn't great.  That said, it's a nice social hangout and a place for fun, happy times.  They have various events on different nights of the week, including trivia, music, and other games.  It is conveniently located near Inwood Hill Park, a nice place to go for a stroll before or after dinner.
AVOID I can deal with a long wait, if the food is good. The food isn't at Indian Road Cafe. Clearly because there's not anything else in the area people keep coming back. The actual space could use some sprucing up. I don't get the counter at all; it's an eye sore. The layout of the restaurant is just weird. It feels like a diner and pub rolled together. There is a piano player for Sunday brunch, so I guess that's a plus. You can also get drinks. I think I actually skipped out on boozing it up this day. On to the food. I ordered the "Local Fried Eggs in Indian Road Cafe Purgatory." It was indeed purgatory as I had all types of egg shells in my dish. I mean WTF.  These eggs were not fried they were very runny and in a serving dish with creamed spinach, which tasted like it was canned, and mushrooms. The combination of the cream and runny eggs turned my stomach, it was unappetizing. Here is the kicker the dish was tiny, not cooked well, and over priced. $15 for hudson valley duck egg, chicken egg, quail egg, and  wild mushrooms. I couldn't tell the difference; it all tasted like regular chicken eggs. The dish was supposed to have truffle oil, again I didn't taste it. And don't get me started on the parmesan hash browns... YOU CANNOT BE SERIOUS. They served those regular hash browns you buy frozen in the supermarket, put them in the over, and sprinkled them with cheese. So bootleg. I will NEVER go back here again. I cannot deal with places that are over priced. You are charging me for what exactly? Because my dish didn't taste anything like how it was described. I felt bad for the waitress as I had more than one complaint. I never send back food, but this time I had to I didn't want to choke on shells. She had the dish removed so props to her, but honestly there are so many better brunch spots I won't be back.
This review is for trivia night.  The trivia is actually pretty good, and the drink prices are reasonable (they have a few drafts that are between $3 and $5 during the trivia).  Service was good.  Trivia took about 2.5-3 hours and the competition was fierce.
Okay so I returned and had another meal here.  A friend of mine recommended the Veggie Bah Mi Sandwich. I have to say it is one of the best ones I have ever had. That being said the food is still hit or miss in my opinion. The truffle mac and cheese is indeed a safe bet. Delicious.  The wait staff can be a little slow, or absent minded- something I noticed this time around. It took me ages to get some sugar for my iced tea.
This is a beautiful, beautiful restaurant with an attached cafe, a remarkable bar, and brunch that is out of this world.  The baked bean skillet had smoky, flavorful beans and a great texture, the french toast was phenomenal.  I hear the spicy steak and eggs is excellent, too.  Coffee was great.  Service was great.  And the location is just beautiful.  Maybe the loveliest brunch in all of Manhattan.  If the weather is good, take a walk in the park after brunch.
One Sunday, late last August, there was a Dominican parade going on in Brooklyn; but i was parading around Uptown with the prettiest Dominican girl i know instead, in her black tank, little blue jean shorts (cues Lana Del Rey) and black chucks, as we floated to the Indian Road Cafe in Inwood for brunch. The place was packed, and kinda loud. We sat at a table on the somewhat upper level by the bar/kitchen, and I recall our waitress being really nice and helpful. I started off with a drink, and I was quite pleased yet torn because they had a handful of cocktails that i really wanted to try so i had difficulty settling on one to start. I ended up trying both the Post Road Punch (Bulleit Rye Whiskey, House Sour Mix, Cinnamon Bark, Angostura's, Fentiman's Ginger Beer) which i loved, and the Bee's Knees (Old Raj Gin, Lemon, Orange-Vanilla Honey) which i liked but found a bit less inspiring. I randomly noticed a chalk board that said something about Star Wars nights or something during the week? Maybe it was called Nerd Night? Lulz. I dunno, but it seems they would show a Star Wars/Trek/Something-from-space movie once a week. I saw something about trivia nights, and live music, and maybe open mic night? Anyway, I ordered the "Seaman Avenue Trucker's Breakfast," which consisted of scrambled eggs, pancake, bacon, sausage, parmesan hash browns and toast. Not nearly as mind-blowing as the person sitting across from me that I couldn't stop awkwardly staring at, but it was good. I recall us sharing a sampler of some kind of liqueur-infused desserts as well, which were tasty and quite interesting. All in all it was a good experience, and I would definitely come back, to at least try a couple more cocktails...and especially with her.
When my friend told me we were going to Indian Road Cafe, I literally thought we were getting Indian food. I definitely dont consider it Indian, but more of a new American type restaurant/cafe. The sandwiches looked really good but I opted for the Lobster Mac and Cheese. It's definitely meant for two people to share. Although it was decent, I've had much better Mac and Cheese before. However, dessert made up for the entree. We ordered the tart trio and the lemon and chocolate ones were my favorite and I wasnt too big of a fan for the raspberry tart. All were very rich in flavor but the actual tart can be a little softer.
Definitely have to say that this place is a hike from "mainstream" manhattan. Is it worth the hike? Depends. Came for dinner and had half of the rack of lamb and my partner had the meatloaf. The rack of lamb was just OK for me, I was not digging the way the bed of vegetables were seasoned below--not to mention I kept having to pull out pieces of veggie skin (?) that weren't cooked all the way through. The meatloaf was perfectly seasoned. I really liked the vibe of this cafe/restaurant. Very casual and kind of hipster (in a good kind of way). I absolutely loved their cheesecake. I was hiking around all day for a slice and this place hit the spot. I would probably come back for the cheesecake and maybe to give another chance for their entrees. However, personally, I'm not a fan of "suburban" manhattan -- so it'll be a long while before I am back . On a side note, I do have to say that while this place definitely outdoes almost every restaurant in Inwood (hence the 4 stars from the locals), but there's definitely better out there .
I would never come back here! Horrible service I found hair in my eggs waiter didn't apologize he took the plate and didn't ask if I wanted something else and brought my plate back with "new" eggs with steak which was cold! One of the worse place In inwood! Makes you question their hygiene!
love. Love. LOVE! I've been looking for a great cafe in the Washington Heights/Inwood area and all signs pointed to Indian Road. Walking in, I was greeted promptly by a server who offered to seat me in the dining area but after telling him that I was looking for the cafe area, I found the perfect seat next to a window overlooking Inwood Hill Park. The staff here is beyond fantastic. I've been here twice and both times I have been greeted with upbeat and cheery attitudes and people who definitely know what great customer service looks like. The first time I was there I was on my computer for a couple hours and saw quite a few rude customers so I applaud the staff for staying as positive as they do. I have had the iced tea and the iced chai and both have been fantastic. I also tried the garden salad and thai fish soup. The garden salad tasted like an average salad but I was disappointed with the soup. It completely lacked flavor even though it was described as such a flavorful item on the menu. They play a wide array of music, which I love and their dessert selection is to die for. I've been trying to silence the fat kid inside of me for the past 2 months so I have had to resist temptation to try the desserts, but I will one of these days. The only potential issue I had (in addition to the bland soup) was the burnt smell towards the back of the building. I understand that this happens sometimes but it was pretty overwhelming on one side of the room and from previous reviews it sounds like this wasn't the first time. Overall, this is a great spot in Inwood to chat with friends, get work done, or grab a drink or ice cream before heading to the park. Did I mention that I love it?!
My wife's sister suggested this place as this is the neighborhood they live in and we are staying at their place for a couple of nights. If I could give a 3 1/2 star review, this place would be an ideal candidate. The menu is kind of healthy-ish type stuff (lots of salads, vegetarian stuff etc). There are some unhealthy options as well. I ended up with their wings. I thought they were pretty good. Not fried, so not as terrible for me as the wings I usually eat. They came with a sweet asian chili sauce that worked nicely with them.  Generally satisfying. Wife had a salad of some kind. $34 for a salad and some wings (post-tip) is definitely on the high side. Looks like a decent place to grab a coffee or beer.
Full disclosure:  This is my neighborhood joint and I love it here. We've been coming here since they opened and have watched with amazement as the owners have successfully navigated all the traps of a more upscale eatery in Inwood. Because of the limited options in the 'hood, the IRC has to be many things to many people.  It needs to be an Internet Cafe, a place where you can get a cuppa joe, connect to the wireless and tune out.  It needs to be a place where freelancers meet with clients.  It needs to be a place where mothers of newborns meet in the middle of the day so they can have some adult conversation.  It needs to be a place where young families can come for a good, high quality meal and a place where you can get together with your friends and everyone knows your names. Does it do all of these things perfectly. No, it doesn't.  But it does them really, really, really well. The staff are always helpful and friendly and understanding. The coffee and pastries are mighty tasty. The food is consistently good.  The menu is changed seasonally.  The beer and wine list is excellent. And I love the alcoholic punch that changes daily and is always yummy. I've come in to grab a coffee, to get breakfast on the run, to eat with my kids and to have a date night with my wife.  And I will happily continue doing all of these things for years to come.
This place is ok; the service is really friendly and I love that.  The menu is healthier which is nice although I was looking a little longingly at the kids menu...  However the food is mediocre--nothing wrong with it, its just like, food you could make at home, and its on the pricey side--which is fine, its NYC, but all in all, my biggest gripe with this place was after dinner I was still hungry lol.
I've been here twice for brunch.  I got the Seaman Avenue Truckers breakfast which is excellent. It consists of local scrambled eggs, 2 sausage links and 2 pieces of bacon  (although they were happy to substitute extra bacon for the sausage at my request.), toast, Parmesan hash browns, and a little greens salad. All of it is great although the French toast really stands out. It has a different taste in a good way. It is a great value as I have not been able to finish either time. The atmosphere is great with live piano to enjoy with your brunch.  I will definitely bring my friends here and I will be back often.
brunch update.... 5 stars for the spicy bloody mary!!! 2 stars for the bland breakfast burrito. 3 stars for scattered, asleep-at-the-wheel, yet friendly service. do the math and round it up to four stars just cuz I like the place and will be back.
Pros: (+) Happy Hours every Mon-Fri 4-7pm (+) Live Music! (+) VEGETARIAN & VEGAN friendly (+) Bottomless Mimosas with purchase of a Brunch entree (+) Take a stroll in the park right after your meal Cons: (-) Needs to expand or change up the menu (-) Wait staff isn't always the friendliest ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ I come here quite often especially since it's right on the corner of the same building that my friend lives. Funny thing is before, this place used to be a bodega and I was suppose to move in the apartment a couple floors above it. Who would have thought it would have turned into a restaurant / live entertainment overlooking a beautiful park. The owner who snatched this place has a great location. It's definitely a great addition   to the neighborhood. I eat here pretty often with some of my girlfriends for brunch and go for a stroll around the park to walk off what we just ate. I can appreciate the bottomless mimosas too. =) Great location. Great interior. Everything about the place is beautiful. They have LIVE music and events such as knitting on Tuesday nights. The only thing that needs a bit of work with this place is their staff. It's a hit or miss. Sometimes you get a waitress/waiter that's really nice....and other times....you get one that you can tell just doesn't want to be there. For example, I came here for a business meeting over some wine and dinner. The waiter poured a glass of wine for us and accidentally knocked the wine glass over spilling wine all over our Mac laptop and onto the pants of the person I was having the business meeting with. I quickly wiped off all the wine and the waiter said nothing...no sorry...no suggestions of getting us a napkin....didn't care at all that he spilled and was not apologetic. I tried not to let his rude manners ruin the rest of my night...or allow this one waiter to determine my overall rating for this place since I've come here after that incident and our waitress was fine.
At the end of the quaintest, most beautiful road in New York City, lies the last cafe in New York City...Indian Road Cafe. While this destination may seem "out of the way" from your daily hustle and bustle, the fare, waitstaff and breathtaking view made it well worth it. To be honest, I was a bit hesitant to make the trek to IRC on the cold, rainy winter's day that was this past Saturday. However, once we turned onto Indian Road...not only was I glad we decided to go, but I wanted to live on this beautiful road. It was so quiet and serene, you could hardly believe that this was Manhattan. Where have you been all of my life?! The cafe is at the end of the road. Make sure to sit in the front, near the window, so that you can get a great view of the giant "C" and the water outside. The misting rain just made it look so great. Our waitress was very pleasant and attentive. She explained the menu items with confidence and ease. I got the daily egg dish -- which was a veggie quiche and a side of pork sausage links. The links were a little bit on the cold side, but everything was delicious. Rusty ordered the corned beef hash which looked great! He also got the unlimited mimosa's...I am skeptical about anything "bottomless" or "unlimited" but as I said, the waitress was very attentive and frequently refilled his glass. We also tried the cheesecake, which was pretty good. I can't wait to go back. The brunch menu has so many delicious-sounding items that I'd love to try. IRC really gets all points of the dining experience right (food and service). Kudos to them.
Good brunch spot in a residential area with not so much around. A bit pricey. Staff is lovely. Coffee is very good. Bar looks inviting however I haven't made it in the evening yet. I also like that there is a bulletin board by the bathrooms that people can post flyers on.
What a perfect place for a dinner for two. This review is long overdue since we actually went out to eat here last summer but my memory serves me well: there was live music but it was perfectly subdued and in no way competing with the food. The food itself was great in that it was both flavorful and homemade as well as refined enough that you felt like you we're getting a restaurant experience and not just eating at home. The wine was great too. This spot holds a special place in my heart.
On a chilly winter day a friend of mine, an Inwood local, was enthusiastically showing me around the neighbourhood. I was very cold and she was taking me to what looked like a dead-end street at the end of a monotonous housing block. Knowing my penchant for coffee she knew I would be pleasantly surprised to unexpectedly come across this cafe. Certainly, I was! I sure was impressed with the decor, spacious interiors and the live music that was playing for a lazy new year's day brunch. We had already eaten so we simply ordered hot chocolate which came in two wide rimmed mugs and a cute attempt at making some art over the froth. The beverage was okay but I bet the location of this restaurant must be great, especially during summer, to warrant a hike all the way to this corner. Secret Tip: My friend mentioned that the owners were closely connected to the production of Sopranos, the TV show, and some props in the cafe came straight from the set! So if you are lucky, you'll sit on a bar stool that Tony Soprano might have once used. cheers, Priyank (finaltransit.com)
This place wasn't bad. The location is by a beautiful park with water views. It is a block from Columbia Athletic Facilities. I went with my friend for lunch. We shared the lobster Mac and cheese. It had chunks of lobster. The cheese was ok. A bit watery and grainy but overall not bad. Definitely a plate to share with someone. I wouldn't say it was the best Mac and cheese I've had but it definitely was decent. For dessert we had the tarts. There were 3. One had mascarpone cream with blackberry, the other was a lemon merengue, and the third was a chocolate with caramel. They were very rich and flavorful. I need to return to try the coffees and other meals.
We consider it an added bonus that we live down the block from this place. Free Wifi, organic food, and live jazz all contribute to why it holds a warm place in my heart. The Lobster Mac n' Cheese is my new close to home favorite food. Honestly I probably would eat it every night if my boyfriend was as enthusiastic about it as I am. It's made with 3 cheeses and fresh Maine Lobster that tastes so buttery and delicious I wish there were a few extra pieces thrown in. The Prosciutto Panino is good enough to be served at Bagatelle or some other high end restaurant. I'd bet money that you haven't had one with Ciabatta toasted as crunchy and crisp like they make it at Indian Road Cafe. The service is great (they will honor your order no matter how close to closing it is) and the calendar is always chock full of cool music and comedy performances. Plus it's close to home! I think Jason Minter did Inwood a huge favor by adding this delightful cafe to the neighborhood.
Indian Road Cafe is on the verge of becoming a Public Utility.   Seriously. As a resident of this little tucked-away, easily-missable corner of Inwood, I have shared the lamentations of my neighbors over the lack of good hangout spots.  Then, one day - about a year and a half ago - construction seemed to be starting on the old, defunct deli/bodega/gamblingoperation site on the corner of 218th Street & Indian Road.  It was a business that was applying for a license and was going to call itself, "Indian Road Cafe." A brief frisson of excitement ran through the community.  A coffee shop?  Around the corner?  Across from the park?  Will they serve lunch?  Dinner?  Drinks?  How big will it be?  Will it be nice - the kind of place where you want to sit for hours & read & drink two or three great espressos or lattes? Then the excitement was tempered with reality.  We were treated to weekly postings on the progress of the license application, posted on the glass outside, with terrific updates full of wry humor and elaborate detail about the Byzantine process of trying to open a new business amidst New York bureaucracy.  "Well, whoever this is - they've got a great sense of humor," we all reassured each otther, as we passed by the construction site, walking our dogs every morning... Then - construction began & was soon finished.  First, it was just coffee, later lunch & dinner, and along came the bar.  What was a larger market area is now a smaller area for hard-to-find non-alcoolic beverages & snack foods.   So, GREAT FRENCH-PRESS COFFEE IN THE MORNING:  Check. OPEN SPACIOUS ENVIRONMENT: Check. DELICIOUS FOOD THROUGHOUT THE DAY: Check. GREAT SERVICE: Check (a bit slow when they first opened, but they've got it all running very smoothly now). So, they were good to go, right?  Just leave it at that, right? Not at all. FABULOUS BAR TRUCKED DOWN FROM UPSTATE:  Check. INCREDIBLE UNIQUE AND FREQUENTLY CHANGING BEER SELECTION:  Check GREAT WINES, INCLUDING LOCAL VINEYARDS:  Check A MENU THAT KEEPS THE GOOD STUFF BUT STILL KEEPS CHANGING:  Check. Ok, now they were done, right?  Nope - just getting warmed up...! GREAT MUSICIANS PLAYING OLD DJANGO REINHARDT TUNES IN THE EVENING:  Check. COMMUNITY TABLE FOR LARGER GATHERINGS;  Check. WEEKLY KNITTING CIRCLE AT SAID COMMUNITY TABLE: Check. MONTHLY INWOOD HISTORY NIGHT WITH COOL PRESENTATIONS BY LOCAL HISTORIANS:   Check. SPECIAL HOLIDAY-THEMED PRIX FIXE MENUS:  Check. So, in turn the community has stepped up. REGULARS THAT GO FOR THE COMPANY AS MUCH AS THE RESTAURANT:  Check. MULTIPLE DOGS TIED UP OUTSIDE WHILE THEIR OWNERS ARE GETTING COFFEE & A ROLL INSIDE:  Check. INTERESTING & CREATIVE STAFFERS ALL WORKING THERE (MUSICIANS, SINGERS, INTERNATIONAL-TYPES):  Check. OWNERS WHO CIRCULATE AROUND & GREET THE CUSTOMERS:  Check. In sum - VALUE TO THE COMMUNITY:  Immeasurable. For those new to Inwood, it's a great base of operations.  On a chilly Fall day, start out with a grilled sandwich.  Then go for walk in Inwood Hill Park, feed the ducks & geese, hike through the woods, and then end up back at the cafe for a coffee.  (And their coffee is seriously, off-the-hook, great.  And I'm hardly a coffee-drinker...) Or, if you're attending a Columbia football game, stock up on some warm beverages beforehand and then make plans for dinner afterwards.   I'm really not exaggerating.  This place has only been around for a little over a year, and it's already the hub of a terrific community, the way a British pub is, or a local diner.  But it's better, because it's all those things:  a pub, a diner, a cafe, a restaurant.    Throw in a community center and music venue, and you've got the irreplaceable, how'd-we-ever-get-along-without-it place that it is today.
I know that by downgrading my review I risk getting yet another note from the owner of this establishment, but I have to be honest. I've had to remove it from my Best Places to Write/Work list because it's clear that IRC wants to be more of an eatery than a true cafe, and that irks me. I'd be less irked if Inwood was a wasteland when it came to good places to eat brunch or lunch or dinner, but that hasn't been true for a while now. There are better, less expensive places to eat just up the street, down the road on Dyckman, or even just over the river in the Bronx. What we sorely need in this neighborhood is a place to sit and work or read or chill with a good cup of coffee. Instead, we've got a small, noisy restaurant filled with yuppies and their offspring. Perhaps the mood here is better suited to the west side of Broadway, whose gentrification is sadly complete. Still, you would think that the population fo students, artists, musicians and writers would be a customer base worth courting. I guess not. They still have free wi-fi and there is a little bar ghetto in the corner for those of us still lugging our laptops around. But it's a poor substitute for a real cafe. In my last review, I challenged IRC to decide what it was and be that thing. They decided, which is fine, but lost me as a customer. After all, if I wanted brunch, why would I come over here instead of going to the far superior Garden Cafe not 4 blocks away? And another star off for Jason's response. Snarky/whiney comebacks for every non-glowing review? Not cool at all, dude.
IRC has it all! - Serve B/L/D - Full bar - Full coffee counter - Baked goods I saw laptops, so they probably even have wifi. Hell, there was even a live piano player playing. Went for Sunday brunch arriving a little after noon. I thought the place would be packed, but about half the tables in the dining area were available and all the bar counter seats. As we were nearing the end (@ 1:15ish), all the tables and bar seats were filled. Our server was darling. She reminded us of a young Julianne Moore. She was good but not great. It did take a hot minute for our drinks to arrive. As I watched the dreamy bartender make them, he finished, but they didn't arrive for a minute or two after. Julianne where are you?! I don't recall her stopping by to check on us and we had to flag her down for our bill. She was friendly, but just a little on the flighty side. Brunch started off with a Pisco punch (Pisco infused pineapple and strawberries with housemade lemonade) and oh what a way to start. It was awesome. A perfect summer cocktail. And we will so be giving these a go at home. If Mimosas's are your thing, they offer unlimited for $14 when you order a brunch item. What a sweet deal. The bartender tending bar on this fine Sunday, was f-i-n-e indeed. The brunch menu offers a good mix of breakfast items and lunchy (sandwiches, salads) items. I went for the Bagel Sandwich. Sesame seed toasted bagel topped with swiss cheese, scrambled eggs, and bacon. My sandwich was good, straight forward, and simple. I was asked if I wanted a side of hot sauce and thank goodness I said yes and it needed something to jazz it up and bring it all together. My brunchmate ordered the Chorizo con Huevo (chorizo omelet). The chorizo was wonderful. Not the greasy crumbly kind. Nice chunks cut from an actual sausage link. Topped with fresh queso fresco and served with a side of roasted herby potatoes, this dish was a hit. A neighborhood gem, hidden away in the very tip top of Inwood, for everything this prime corner spot cafe offers, they are truly the best spot in town.
Very nice spot for dinner, especially if you have kids!   Started with: A daily special, South African Bobotie: sadly it lacked the depth of flavor that a real traditional bobotie has...maybe cause they didn't use Mrs. Balls chutney but until recently that was hard to find here so maybe I'm being a bit harsh...still I didn't thoroughly enjoy it. ~ Local beet salad and that was very delicious ~ Farmhouse Baked Goat Cheese: really light and not very gamey Dinner: ~ Cabernet Braised Angus Boneless Short Rib: It was amazingly soft and melt in your mouth! ~ Chicken Pot Pie: The top was buttery and light and the chicken and veggies were all tender in a great gravy Overall delicious meal, loved the ambiance, loved the service!  It was nice to see that most of the diners were families from the area that are all greeted with a warm smile by their first names.
Awesome coffee, tasty sandwiches, a very respectable wine list and the best beer selection in the neighborhood.  I'm so happy to have a place like this so close to my apartment. Some extra info I've gleaned since making this my second office: all the coffee is made via French press, and you can get a French press for 2 or 4 dropped off at your table; there's no minimum to use a card; they have a good pastry selection and have S&S cheesecake (hopefully good bagels soon?); they're doing table service for dinner and have got a limited but tasty menu. Update (long delayed) Sept. 6th: WiFi's been going for quite some time. They're changing the beer list every Friday.  Always something new to imbibe. They're doing lunch and will be starting brunch pretty soon. I'm spending way too much money in this place.
This update hurts me...a LOT.  But please note that it is only for TODAY.  I've had plenty of wonderful experiences here.  This morning just made me sad. My weekend ritual (when I am in town) involves working in the corner of the Indian Road Cafe that has outlets (very nice touch with creative planning).  It's normally a quiet corner of folks working, but as I sit here right now (Saturday, 10:19 am), it is a noisy version of hell. I came in about an hour ago and had coffee and a muffin.  I had planned to order breakfast, but now, will probably just run away. First, I plan my visits to avoid the piano guy.  However, it's getting increasingly hard.  First, he started playing on Saturdays at 12:00 pm (I think).  Then it went to 11:00 am.  But today, he started at 9:50 am.  Sigh.  Not only is much of the music a drone of faux-Philip Glass, it's too loud.  And then the entire restaurant tries to talk over it and it gets louder and louder and louder in a very acoustically live space.  A nice piece of carpet underneath it would definitely help.  I generally bring earbuds, but he can often be heard through those.  I've perused the reviews from other Yelpers below and it's good to know that I'm not just overly sensitive to the loud piano music; several others mention it as well. Also,  I know that the place is tricky to ventilate, but it is freezing today (middle of November and VERY windy out).  When several folks asked a staff person to push up one window a little...not close it...they did.  However, at the behest of another loudly complaining employee, they only opened another two minutes later, causing an even larger chill (and some cold, cross ventilation). But today adds more in what I pray is not going to become a pattern.  It started with one family with two kids coming back to the corner where people generally sit quietly with their laptops and work.  But then it turned into a zoo.  There were no fewer than three strollers and 6-8 kids.  They were running, screaming (yep, could hear them through my earbuds too) throughout the restaurant.  The waitstaff and other employees were tripping over them too (totally not safe for the kids, but the parents didn't seem to care).  It's a hard line...and a tricky one.  This isn't the restaurant's fault.  However, it is the fault of the parents (ill-mannered and entitled, disrupting everyone as their children ran everywhere, crawled under the stools, not teaching their kids what an "inside voice" is, etc.).  However, it regardless affects my experience (and undoubtedly that of other customers). I know IRC is a family friendly place.  Plenty of well-behaved parents and kids come here (of which these were not) and have a happy, peaceful dining/coffee experience.  However, I hope that the zoo I just experienced doesn't become a common occurrence...since I actually LOVE this place.  It definitely didn't make me want to linger for the breakfast I'd been craving.  I'll try again and will cross my fingers (and update later).  This place is too lovely to become a noisy playground.
This review does not concern the food or service, both of which are excellent. This review concerns trivia night. As an avid trivia-night attendee, I am a champion of fact. Unfortunately, fact does not factor into Indian Road Cafe's trivia night. The hosts are consistently incorrect in their answers. They brazenly present falsehoods as fact. Their theme rounds have spuriously suspicious connections answer to answer. Australia is a continent, by the way.
Indian Road cafe is a cafe, wi-fi coffee shop, and bar facing Inwood park and they mean business in all three categories. Cafe- The food is great with incredible ingredients. We're talking prosciutto panini's with fig jam and arugula, Lobster Mac and cheese, Cheese plates, and a Black Angus filet Mignon. Coffee shop- All of their Coffee and Espresso's are made from Counter Culture Coffee which uses organic beans and is Fair Trade Certified. Bar- No Coronas or Heineken's here, They have an extensive beer list. They carry Dogfish Head 120 minute IPA, Brooklyn Lager, Mother Milk (my favorite), Hoptimus Prime, and many other brews. They have bottomless mimosas for brunch as well. This is a great option if you're in the neighborhood to watch a Columbia football game or finding some trails on Inwood park.
7 Vegetable Soup: meh. Overpriced soup. Hummus: was just ok. Nothing special about this hummus. Shrimp & Bacon sandwich with guacamole, romaine, chipotle mayonnaise, baguette: the shrimp was cooked perfectly and the sandwich was tasty enough. But at $14, it's a little pricey for what you get.
I went here to get some reading done and it was a bit difficult to do with all the noise. I thought this place was more of a cafe, but apparently not during Sunday brunch. There were little kids running around everywhere! I had a latte with cookies which were great, I just wish it would have been quieter and more comfortable. We are in desperate need of more cafes and not restaurants on this side of town because there are students and writers who do no want to travel the long distance to find a nice cafe in which to get some work done.
Love all the the gluten free and dairy free options. The coffee is great, the servers are real and the good was excellent. You also can't beat the view. They also have an extensive bar list broken down into categories that I really liked.
I agree with another reviewer, in that this place doesn't know what it wants to be.  It tries for coffee bar, market, wine bar, restaurant, and... some sort of stage for live music and trivia.  It is a meh of all trades, and awesome of none. Unfortunately, my boyfriend and I were looking for a cafe, to sit at and do laptoppy things at.  We were in the back room, where others were laptopping away alongside us.  Which is strange, as the back room was entirely dim, and felt more like a restaurant than a cafe. I hope it discovers what it wants to be in the future.  In the meantime, I'll still be ISO a good cafe in Inwood.
The BBQ pulled pork sandwich with apple-chipotle sauce was PERFECT. The meat was tender. It wasn't dry. It wasn't chewy. It was just right. The sandwich came with a side salad of greens with homemade vinaigrette that tasted sweet. The cafe feels worn, as if you're putting on your favorite coat every time you come there. I can't wait to come here again!
We literally just walked in the door from eating at Indian Road.  I'm becoming a Yelp nerd.   I'm a huge fan of Indian Road.  Every time I go, I find something I like even more.  Tonight the Dominican and I had an impromptu date night.  The ambiance of this joint is perfect for that.  We each had a glass of delicious cabernet sauvingon.  For dinner I had the braised duck sandwich (awesome...sweet, savory, and spicy) which came with a classy side salad, and the Dominican had steak enchiladas which he reviews as "friggin delicious."  Tangy and meaty.   I love that their menu is as local as possible and seasonal.  So if you head in here sometime a couple of months from now, don't expect to be able to get that duck sandwich.  I'm a sucker for seasonal menus.  It means it's a slightly different restaurant every time I walk in.  But the waitstaff is always so attentive (in my experience) as well as knowledgeable and enthusiastic.  That doesn't change.  Their live music tends to be quite lovely as well.  Tonight it was a guitar, jazzy duo.   It's an Inwood jewel.  I would go so far as to say a New York jewel.  Yum, yum, yummy with a lovely ambiance.  Go!!  Enjoy!!  Hang out in the park beforehand.  You won't be disappointed.
A lovely surprise.  Having moved from the restaurant-abundant UWS, I constantly miss having good little places to dine out in the neighborhood. This place seems to be hidden WAAAYYY up on the tip of Manhattan (not a place you would stumble upon unless you live around here).  Dark, sexy candlelight, a nice selection of beer, wine, coffee.  I needed comfort food, GOOD comfort food.  Their version of Mac N'Cheese, the Celantani with Asiago and truffled crumbs really hit the spot.  Lloyd's carrot cake from Riverdale, NY was a moist, light treat.  They had a gorgonzola stuffed fig and prosciutto appetizer that evening that also held some of my favorite flavors. This place will be added to my regular rotation of Uptown eateries.
Indian Road, you have arrived - at least for Brunch (trying you for dinner again soon). We met when I first came to Inwood four years ago.  You were always a nice room.  The local vibe was there, and it was cool, and I wanted to like you.  But I am fussy, and your menus were too short, and too quirky, and your timing was dot dot dot.   Yesterday I came back after a long hiatus.  What a nice menu!  What a delicious brunch!  I wanted everything that passed by - your food was beautiful.  Our waiter came back - frequently!   And the room was nice.  And the local vibe more vibrant than ever. Louie, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
I think this place has THE WORST service ever in Inwood!!! I have walked into the Indian Road Cafe numerous times and have walked back out due to the lack of service or rude service. The hostess always looks annoyed and the servers look like if you are interruping them from something. The only reason I have tried to come in here is because I have heard that the service does suck but the food is pretty decent. Finally one day I came in braving the service and to my lack of surprise it sucked again, so much so that the waiter came over to my table twice to ask me what I wanted for dinner (it was only a shrimp ceasar salad- which was good but that not the point) After 45 minutues (yes 45 minutes for a salad) and 3 glasses on wine, I got my food. Like I said the food was good but the service is so bad that it makes you not want to spend your time or money in this place. The only reason I'm giving them 2 stars is because the food is pretty decent, otherwise it would have gotten one.
Probably the best coffee I've ever had - which I can't believe I'm actually saying, given that I hail from the land of coffee snobbery.  But I'm in town briefly visiting my sister and wanted to see what was new and exciting in her 'hood.  And people, this place has it going on!   I'm not sure if the slow coffee movement has quite made it to NYC, the way it has in San Francisco, but Indian Road Cafe serves up some amazing lattes.  Totally worth the wait (yes, there will be quite a wait)  and the price ($10.02 for two medium vanilla lattes).  Oh, by the way, to show how seriously they take their coffee, they actually make their own vanilla syrup from scratch.  Pretty darn nifty. Other things that rock about this place:  Farmers market apples, fresh chestnuts, tricolor cookies, and cannoli (yup, filled to order).   I think I'm in love.  Might just have to work on becoming bi-coastal.
I'm sort of torn on this review, because I really want to love this place and give it 4 or 5 stars. Indian Road Cafe is adorable and sorely needed in the neighborhood. It has good coffee, is open all day, has decent food, has a nice atmosphere... But the food. It could be better. And it could be more consistently priced. For example: $16 for lobster mac n cheese. Good deal! $24 for buffalo lasagna on special? Not so much. Especially since they don't tell you the pricing on the specials (I realize I could have asked, but I assumed it was priced comparably to the other pasta dish on the menu). And the lasagna, although mighty tasty (good sauce, good quality cheese, generous portion, etc.) was lukewarm when it came out to me. The service here is pretty good, the desserts are good (some are made in house and they have S&S cheesecake which is a treat) and I enjoy coming here. But something is always a little off and I know I wouldn't be as charmed if this restaurant were in trendy Brooklyn or downtown somewhere.
Indian Road is certainly satisfactory. It was pretty busy on a Saturday night, even as early as seven I still had to wait about 15 minutes for a table. The beer selection is extensive, over half the menu just for beers! The wait staff was courteous and not pushy. The atmosphere was calming. I had the Vegetable Thai Curry (vegan). Not the best curry I have ever had, but certainly tastey.  However, nothing about this place really WOW'd me. Somewhere enjoyable to visit before or after going on a walk in Inwood HIll Park.
If there were a better restaurant in the neighborhood I think Indian Road would be in trouble. My experiences there (eaten there @ 20-25 times) have been really hit and miss. Sometimes I left thinking that I didn't really want to come back. They miss the details, like toasted muffins on your eggs benny, or slightly soggy mixed greens. Some of the dishes taste badly seasoned (like the vegan biscuits & gravy). It's also a little pricey, $8 for a mimosa. It's a nice place and the service is generally pretty good. Great beers, coffee & espresso and the owners seem like nice people too. Just wish they would step it up a little because the result would be huge!
We've taken the time to do a little local investigations and have been very happy with what we've found here.   The coffee is off the charts.  Some of the best I've ever had.  Steep statement...also true.  We got a bag to go last time. So far we've tried a sandwich or two from the menu.  Egg sandwich was hearty and delicious (though I wish they had egg whites).  The vegetarian sandwich was perfect in size, dimension and taste.  Its nice to have a place that has live music and brunch and wine so close.  It is quickly becoming a local go-to place for the Inwood area where I am concerned.
Great (if pricey) food and coffee, a nice staff of young, long haired boys that look like they should be in a Peter Greenaway film, trivia nights on Wednesdays... pretty much the whitest damn place I've ever seen.   Where are all the white people in Inwood, you ask?  They're at the Indian Road Cafe.    While that's a little weird in this predominantly non-white neighborhood... I still like it there and go every two months or so for the !! mac and cheese with !! lobster or for trivia nights, if only to get beat by the ever-present powerhouse team, "Moms Who Drink".
One day of my NYC trip, I took the train from Times Square up to Inwood to visit an old friend. In turn, my friend took me to Indian Road Cafe for a tasty brunch. We had to wait awhile to be seated, but that's a typical late morning / early afternoon situation on a Sunday at a cafe that serves brunch. Once we were seated our orders and food came pretty quickly. Indian Road Cafe has a fairly diverse brunch menu, from traditional to eclectic choices. I really liked my lox, which in a twist was served on ciabatta bread instead of a bagel. There were many tasty beverages as well, as expected from a cafe. Prices were very reasonable as NYC goes. While it was a bit loud inside, it wasn't so loud we couldn't carry on a conversation. I thought Indian Road Cafe seemed like a cool local hang-out in an up-and-coming part of NYC. If I actually lived out here I could see coming often to this cafe.
Went here about two weeks ago with a friend for brunch. Was looking for a good atmosphere in the neighborhood where we wouldn't be rushed and just enjoy ourselves.  We found it here. Waiter was very informative and we never felt like we had to flag him or anyone else down for service and the place was packed. Food was fresh and plated nicely. I could have had more seasoning on my home fries but I still ate them ketchup free, lol. We had the unlimited mimosas also. Might have been a little pricey but not overpriced, you had menu options.  Problem might be you want too many things on the menu and then you get the bill! Next time I will tell me to bring a menu with only 3 options... Death by pastries! When we left why did we stop at the coffee bar....very good. We brought the counter but was very fond of the pistachio white chocolate cookie. Definitely a place I will return to many times. They have events here also, have to check those out soon.
I was born and raised in Inwood, and nothing has transformed this area more than the Indian Road Cafe.  Inwood is a true community, and the IRC has become something of a town hall for the neighborhood. Great food, sweets, coffee, and beer (not to mention DELICIOUS cocktails!). Pub quiz night on Wednesday, live music - I could just go on and on.  It really is the best of Inwood.
First, the location is great and is one of the few spots in Inwood. However, as more people move up here, I'm sure more places will open. Second, the food is ok. Nothing "mind blowing" it's only ok.  It's kinda pricey for what you get and for Inwood. Third, service is hit or miss. I've waited forever for a sandwich to come and they can be kinda weird-but not in a good way. Forth, trivia night is really absurd. It's NOT fun and people take it way too seriously. After spending 30 bucks in this place, the host gave me the middle finger when I left because I didn't play the "trivia night" correctly.  That's a smooth move for good customer service! Won't be back, nor will I bring my friends and our money. You want a fun night out with better service, good beer and great prices? Bronx Ale House! Pipers Kilt has a killer burger and much better service! Indian Road Cafe also makes your clothes smell like food when you leave and the tables are wobbly.
When this place opened it was really exciting. I want to like Indian Road Cafe soooo bad, but every time I go it is a disappointment. The location and the atmosphere are great, but the food is not so great. It's also fairly pricey for they are serving. The last few times I've been our order has gotten messed up AND taken a long time.  I wish they would improve their food and service, because everyone in Inwood wants to love this place, but very few that I have spoken with even go anymore.
Indian Road Cafe has become our local hangout. Tonight there was a fantastic octopus stew special. Usually I just order a salad with shrimp or tofu along with a "happy hour" glass or two of wine. My wife and I are usually upstate on weekends, and tend to eat around 5PM when the dinner menu is available. At that time, we can usually sit at the bar and chat with the bartender and some of the other regulars. What I like about IRC is the range of prices and the quality of the food. There are other good restaurants in Inwood, but IRC has a perfect location and soon will be expanding. Give it a try.
I never, ever thought I'd be raving on Yelp about octopus stew. I never even thought I'd try that dish! But... a friend suggested I try it at Indian Road Cafe, and it was absolutely amazing. The stew is tender and rich, served over a bed of delicious polenta, with mini-greens and wilted spinach to provide a bit of fresh greens on the plate. This was a special, so it may not always be available. But if it's on the menu, order it immediately! So flavorful, complex, tender, and fabulous. The chef must be a master, because this is a challenging dish done perfectly. I'll be back for more.
There was a live band playing the night I went so...let's just say it was louder than I wanted it to be.  Service was great tho' and the vibe is very neighbor-hoody in a good way.  All flavors of people. Here are the *Detox-Approved menu items that you won't have to think twice about ordering. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - SOUPS & SALADS SOUP OF THE DAY $6.5 HOUSE SALAD  $8 Local mixed greens, cucumbers, onions, white balsamic vinaigrette (add grilled chicken for 5) IRC CHOPPED SALAD $13 Chickpeas, green beans, olives, avocado, greens, herbed croutons, white balsamic vinaigrette (OMIT Croutons) APPETIZERS SEASONAL ROASTED VEGETABLE PLATE $13 Balsamic reduction (Add grilled chicken for 5) ENTREES CHIPOTLE GLAZED SALMON $21 Spinach, cilantro spaetzle Catch of the Day M/P SIDES $5 Mixed greens Sautéed vegetables Rice and Beans ----------------------- BAR MENU Peanuts Olives Hummus ----------------------- LUNCH (Listing items NOT offered on DINNER Menu) APPETIZERS HUMMUS $7 Toasted pita ENTREES OMELET OF THE DAY $10 Roasted potatoes, side salad, toast --------------------- BRUNCH HOUSE SALAD $8 Organic local mixed greens, cucumbers, pickled onions, white balsamic vinaigrette (Add grilled chicken) $5 SOUP OF THE DAY $6.50 (Ask for ingredients) CURRIED CHICKEN SALAD $10 Chicken breast, mayonnaise, currants, red onion, apples, madras curry powder IRC CHOPPED SALAD $13 Chickpeas, green beans, olives, avocado, greens, herbed croutons, white balsamic vinaigrette (OMIT Croutons) (Add grilled chicken) $5 (Add shrimp) $7 ENTREES AND OTHER VEGETARIAN CHILI $12 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - *DETOX APPROVED = NO sugar, dairy, wheat, wheat-gluten, non-organic tofu, deep fried foods, red meat, coffee or alcohol. As always, give me shout if this worked out for you...or if for some reason it didn't.
This place is pretty much the portlandia of Inwood. There is even an antiques store right next door. The staff is really nice. The place is very laid-back and has plenty of space.  You can sit at the bar (full bar btw), at a table or by the coffee section. I went on a Sunday night for dinner with very low expectations for the food, since their menu isn't very interesting, but it was actually not bad at all.
I've lived in Inwood for over a year now.  Everyone I know in the neighborhood loves this place but I can't seem to figure out why. It has a beautiful location and great atmosphere so I keep coming back but the food almost always disappoints me.   On my most recent visit I tried the - Huevos Rancheros ~ 10 2 fried eggs over a corn tortilla, cheese, spicy tomatillo sauce, sour cream I didn't think it was possible to screw up Huevos Rancheros but it turns out that the trick is to use soggy, soft, corn tortillas, bland, watery tomatillo salsa, skimp on the cheese/sour cream and don't season the dish at all.  It also helps to completely forgo the beans/avocado/pico de gallo etc. that you might normally expect. I also made the mistake of trying - ADD 3 HOUSE-MADE TURKEY SAUSAGE PATTIES ~ 3.50 Good god.  So dry.  Soooooooo dry.
YES  its a cute little place-- Looks cool but the PRICES are not~~ I was very very annoyed when I went into my "corner" cafe and grabbed a half gallon of organic milk and was charged $7.05. This was an insult in the sense that I can get the SAME half gallon at whole foods or other stores for less than or equal to $5.80. Talk about taking advantage of the neighborhood. The cakes there are pretty good, and yes the food is very tasty...but again the price is really a stretch ~~ They need to revamp their pricing-- 7.05 for a half gallon is pretty insulting to any ones intelligence and pocket regardless of their income... Yes this is the ONLY really cute place right by the park here in Inwood~ and yes the food is good, but that doesnt mean they should take advantage of the "need" for cafes in the area....
Indian Road Cafe is my favorite restaurant in Inwood. Every time I go for dinner, I get the same thing. It's not my fault! I just absolutely love the lobster mac and cheese! If they stopped making it so delicious, maybe I'd try some other dinner entree! In addition to my favorite dish, I've also enjoyed the meat and cheese plates, the hummus, the duck, and some brunch offerings. Indian Road's chai tea latte is amazing! What I really love about this place (besides the food) is that the people who work here are incredibly friendly. I also enjoy the events. I never know what's happening until it happens. So far, I've enjoyed quiz night, various musicians, an opera singer, and a minstrel show at Christmastime! This is my go-to place when hosting out of town guests, and so far it's been a hit. You'll love this place!
Awesome brunch menu...try the steak and eggs or the pulled pork panino. Also, get the spicy bloody mary...it comes with a pickle garnish and beer chaser because it is that fabulous. If you want to avoid lines, don't be lazy -- get there before 1p. For dinner, you must try the lobster mac and cheese.
Cute and a welcomed addition to this area.  Overwhelming with character and charm.  Fusion/hybrid non-chain coffee shop, panini shop, brunch locale, and hang out spot.   - Spicy bloody marys are top notch - TREMENDOUS bottled beer selection - The barristas know what they're doing -- they don't mess around when it comes to their espresso - Cuban panino is good -- but they didn't included pickles as the menu listed -- and the mustard they use (English?) will seep up through your nasal passages with that spicy kick - Pulled pork panino better than Cuban - Rather smallish portions (speaking from a the greedy American point of view where we're used to everything being BIG!) - Chicken tortilla soup featured on this particular day was completely unimpressive Overall a really cool place. I'd go back -- even if just to take my laptop and have some coffee, get some work done.
This place deserves a pat on the back for attempting to bring some Brooklyn-esque, farm-to-table goodness Uptown. It's not quite there yet, but I'm throwing my support behind it now in hopes that it can improve (and to encourage other restaurateurs to come Uptown). In the meantime, there are some good things to write about. The space is pretty big and gives off a pleasantly country-ish vibe. I like that they included a bar, seating areas, AND a café. 4 stars. Location gets a 3.5. It's kind of far from the subway, but I get the feeling that everyone in this part of Inwood has a car anyway. The restaurant does benefit greatly from being next to a scenic part of the river, although for some reason they placed the major seating areas away from that view, thus squandering a golden opportunity. Puzzling. The food sounds tastier than it actually is. Chicken was dry, lobster mac and cheese was far too rich, spinach dip was not much better than the stuff I slap together on gamedays (and I'm not a good cook). I wouldn't recommend sitting down for a meal here, but you're fine to order snacks with your drinks. Just don't expect anything really amazing. 2.5 stars. Same goes for the wines, which sounded nice and were priced moderately high (about $7-11 per glass, on average) but tasted cheap. 2.5 stars. The beer list, however, is great! They're almost all local, craft beers and the selection is pretty solid (certainly the best you'll find in Inwood or Washington Heights, by far). 4.5 stars. I haven't been here for the café, so I can't comment on that part of the establishment, only for the restaurant and bar. My favorite aspect of Indian Road is that they schedule lots of game and craft nights and live music and such. As far as I know, there aren't any other places this far Uptown that offer those kinds of social activities all in one, nice space. In the end, I think that's what will keep bringing me back! Well, that and the as-yet unfulfilled promise of good, locally-grown food. But I'm hanging in there...
Here's an idea, don't offer vegan food if you don't know how to make it. And why, with the place barely half-full, did it take 40 minutes to bring out a chef's special, a bagel sandwich, and biscuits? I like this place, the atmosphere, the servers. I've only been a few times, and it's been for coffee and dessert previously (before I went vegan). So, now vegan, I was excited to realize they offer vegan options. I went for brunch. My food was so bad, a place that I WOULD have given 4 stars to (b/c the servers are awesome) gets docked 3 full stars. The HUGE wait aside, I ordered a vegan version of the south's "biscuits and gravy" -- it comes with vegan sausage. The vegan sausage, which I'm sure comes out of a package, was meh. The biscuits, which tasted like they were just defrosted, were disgusting, and the gravy -- the easiest part -- was cold, slimy, and bland. It was also barely enough food to feed an adult. Now, I KNOW most vegans are tiny yoga girls who're barely 90lbs...thus, most vegan places you go to serve tiny portions. But I'm a guy. While I like me some tiny yoga girls, I tend to eat 3x more than they do. So along with the biscuits and gravy, I also ordered a VERY common vegan dish to go w/it: a tofu scramble. I even checked w/the waiter first, to see if they make that. I was told they do. What did I get? a teensy, tinsy bit of tofu, chopped up, seemingly cooked in oil. I assumed it was an error and clarified to the waiter "I ordered a tofu scramble, not a side of plain tofu." The waiter soon came back with the SAME plate, telling me, "This IS a tofu scramble." Waiter was a nice guy. So this wasn't his fault. I told him to take it away. The owner got involved, but didn't actually do anything to help. My main meal had also arrived cold -- that's what happens when some food is DEFROSTED and the bagel sandwich is made fresh. Had some relatives not been taking ME out, I would've put up a bigger stink...and most certainly NOT have paid for this garbage. Never again, Indian Road....But I am suddenly in the mood for a tasty little yoga girl.
Best brunch place in Inwood. Amazing food. I love their coffee mugs. The atmosphere is great all year round.  The good was amazing and the service was subpar.
Ahhhh, Inwood in Summer.  As I walked up there from the Broadway exit of the A train, after hopping up from Harlem, I was flooded by good Inwood memories.. Met one of my cool Inwood buds for a late lunch on a prematurely dog day of summer.  What a sojourn! What a repast!  What an "ohm-like" experience?!   I'd not been up in those parts on a sunny day in a while and it was a great reminder of how amazing this part of Manhattan is.  It's like the country, the city, the country... (China town reference) all wrapped up into one perfect package.  It's as if you turned the corner from Broadway and stepped into the Adirondacks.  Amazing views and greenery as you eat your food... And the food!  Great wine and beer list, interesting menu featuring only use of organic poultry, several veg and vegan friendly dishes, and apparently great coffee.  I had a salmon wrap and delightful glass of house chardonnay.. tasted and witnessed many other well done dishes, and have to say we will definitely be back!
I honestly have only been here once, but I felt I was paying for the ambiance more than the food I had. Perhaps I'm justs a cheap jerk, but I didn't feel it was worth it at all. It would be much higher rated (at 4 maybe) if it were more affordable, but at this price range, I can think of plenty better places to go (though not many can accommodate groups). Updated: despite not necessarily caring for the price vs quality and quantity I found here, I bumped it up from 2 to 3 stars because 1: I'm impressed with owners who come on yelp and listen and 2: I forgot that the service was really friendly. Perhaps I just tried the wrong dishes, but I stick by my initial overall opinion. I will try the place again if I get the opportunity, but won't go out of my way.
Nice place for Saturday brunch on a warm, sunny fall day. We arrived around 11am and it was crowded - only table available was in front of the upright piano, which was really the biggest negative of the visit: the piano man was playing quite loudly (and oddly dirge-like music at times), and the hard surfaces of the room further amplified the volume to a borderline-unpleasant level. We waited a bit for a slightly less-noisy table in the back. Beware the understuffed easy chairs if your table comes with one -- you will sink down and not be able to reach your plate without sitting far forward like a little kid. Brunch food was fresh and well prepared. I had the scrambled eggs -- a solid rendition with quality ingredients -- and my companion ordered (and devoured) the baked eggs, which arrived bubbling hot in an oval ramekin in a fresh tomato sauce with cheese, herbs and vegetables. Coffee was surprisingly average -- first cups bought at the coffee bar while we were waiting were quite muddy, and when we ordered french-press refills, the server goofed and brought us two more regular cups, which were less muddy but weaker. Good service, cozy ambience and mellow vibe... but would've been more enjoyable with softer, less intrusive piano music.
I just had a terrible breakfast here. They called it the "Truckers Breakfast" and I'll tell you about it. The "Pancake" listed on the menu with no further description came with a putrid FRUIT sauce smothering it which suspended a couple anemic looking grapes and some unidentifiable, vaguely citrus, brown mush. No butter and the syrup was served in a tiny repurposed jelly jar that still had 30% of the original label and traces of someone else's meal on the outside of it! The "Scrambled Eggs" from my menu selection came with a generous helping of the same disgusting fruit drizzle that had overflowed from the repulsive pancakes, ruining more than half of the eggs... unless you like fruit in your eggs, any fans of that out there? "Bacon" also had disgusting fruity overtones. "Sausage" was cold and undercooked. The "Parmesan Hash Browns" were cold and practically raw (you know, that weird potato crunch that only undercooked spuds gives you?) while my date's hash browns were ridiculously OVERcooked. Perhaps the greatest sin of all was the creativity these people have with their "coffee". I ordered coffee so I expected to be served coffee and not some herbal blended horseshit in a cup. I'm not 100% certain but i think these guys use chicory in the brew and that's not a "coffee", that's a "whitetrash browned-water" As for garnish (because what's a Trucker's Breakfast without garnish?!) a thin slice of dried-out orange sporting a thoroughly handled watermelon cube in the middle, trés chic! My final word on this place is that, BY ALL MEANS, you have the right to undercook or put fruit & chicory in whatever you want then serve it to any asshole who'll pay for it. But, for the love of the game, PLEASE list it accurately on the menu so folks who don't want to eat shit can identify the shit by reading the menu. (duplicated from all the other websites I frequent)
I've become a big fan of this place. It took me a while. I love the festive carefree nature of the place. I have been to game nights, Holiday bashes, and this cool Monday night thing. It's such a cool neighborhood place! Now- the food...it's REALLY improved! The dishes are both filling and appealing...and get this!? Their prices went down too! I'm so glad they came around. I really love going there now and hope they stick around for a long time...
I went for an early dinner with the boyfriend a couple weeks ago.  It's a really cute little cafe, perfect for a low-key date or just a coffee and study-date.  It's located right next to a nice park with a lake...very different from the dominican area only a couple avenues over. I ordered the hummus and pita appetizer and then the lobster mac and cheese.  The hummus and pita were DELICIOUS and HUGE...only order this if you want it to be your main course or you're really hungry.  I barely had room for my main course after finishing it.  The lobster mac and cheese was delicious...at least for the first few bites.  It's super rich and doesn't come with any type of sides, so after a while it gets a bit overwhelming.  Also after eating a ton of hummus and pita I gave up after only about 1/4 of it.  I made the mistake of trying to take the rest home, but it didn't reheat well.  Definitely delicious, but if you're eating with someone else I'd recommend getting 1 order of lobster mac and cheese to share and something else not so rich to go with it. The service was really nice and they have a cute little bakery with lots of yummy desserts to choose from.
As I write this review, I'm using Indian Road's free and fast WiFi.  It's a pretty happening place at the moment- 10:30 on a Saturday morning.  I called ahead to ask if they have any of the typical Manhattan cafe restrictions about laptops and brunch.  The lovely lady who answered the phone reassured me that working is no problem as long as I was willing to keep my laptop on the "cafe side."  Unsure of what that would mean, my boyfriend and I made the forty minute trek to this little hidden nook of Inwood.  Indeed, it was worth the journey (including the long walk from the A train in 90+ degree weather).   There were still some tables open in the brunch table service section, but we opted for the cafe side which turned out to be an ideal spot to get some work done.  Indian Road has long, generously deep, wood countertops with more than enough outlets.  And- surprise!  The outlets are accessible without having to climb under, around, or over other customers.  We staked out a spot in front of the air conditioner and bought some iced coffees.   Two iced coffees came to $7 and change.  This really could have killed my Indian Road Cafe love-fest.  But, surprise again!  The iced coffee is a five star job.  Please don't do anything to it before you try it in its perfect, milkless, sugarless purity. I'll definitely be back.  For work or play, this is a great cafe.
I used to like this place a lot, but the last two times I've gone things were markedly worse. Today, we waited forever for a simple meal (eggs? vegan biscuits and sauce?) and sat there in the smoke (the last 3x I've been, the place is full of visible smoke--from cooking--my clothes are smelly) and noise (worst acoustics ever) waiting and waiting and hungry. Then I get my biscuits and everything is COLD. Not merely warm-ish. Cold. The gravy is, like, solid. I don't think I've ever sent food back to the kitchen except for when one time I had raw chicken, but cold hard biscuits plus cold patties plus solid gravy were inedible. So I sent it back to be reheated and they replaced it. With warm, but still really gross, food. The lentil gravy was really a puree (it used to be gravy, I swear, when I first got this dish), the biscuits were stale-ish, the patties were unappetizing 1.5" disks. And considering what you get (3 small biscuits and 3 small patty disks + lentil puree)--I mean that dish was $10. I think Indian Road is suffering from complacency and lack of competition. Really, it's like they don't give a crap anymore because everyone has to go there. How could you have smoke pouring out of the kitchen clouding the restaurant and not do something about it? I have few brunch choices up here in Inwood, not many choices that are not Dominican--but I'd like to eat good food and can hear myself think. Is that too much to ask? I don't think I'll be going back.
I love the place (writing my review from Indian Road now). Great coffee, relaxed atmosphere, attentive staff, and free wi-fi.  Haven't tried the food or anything yet, but there are always people here eating, and nights and weekends it's always packed.  Must say something for the food. The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is because it's not completely my scene.  I'd prefer a grungier/darker place to hang out, but from what I've found in the immediate area so far, that doesn't exist.  Yeah, I'm not gonna find the East Village up here in Inwood, but it'd be nice.
What can I say? This restaurant was my introduction to New York (and Manhattan) dining. And it was fabulous. It's conveniently close to the A Train at the 207th St stop. It took me about five minutes to walk there, and boy what a walk it was. Indian Road borders Inwood Hill Park, the last naturally-occurring forest in Manhattan. The amount of people in the park worried me - if there's one thing that will ruin a dining experience for me is an over-crowded, noisy establishment. Indian Road Cafe was neither of those things. It was well set-up, had very soft jazz playing in the background, and had an all-around charming atmosphere. Having read the reviews of other Yelpers, I knew to expect seasonal food and I was not disappointed. I had the duck sandwich and was blown away. I've never eaten duck before, and this was a tremendous introduction. Topped with apricot and paired with lightly dressed arugula, the sandwich was to die for. For dessert I had the bread pudding and a cocktail - Tom's Diner. Both were delicious. Top marks for a great place!
Good place! Liked the drinks more than the food but hey when the mixed drinks include crazy stuff like Apple pie moonshine how can food compare?!! Good atmosphere and a great warm little spot to take off your coat after a brisk walk in the park
They are actually reasonably priced (though not specifically cheap), despite being a SUPER cute place serving quality food. There were several delicious vegetarian options. I can't wait to brunch here. They have live music some nights.
Extensive beer list Live music Trivia night Wednesday (my fave) Great service Some menu items have downtown prices (well, nobody's perfect) Free WiFi (yay!) Area set aside for laptop use. This place is gem and my favorite spot in Inwood.
I love Indian Road Café. It's an unfailingly comfortable place to be, and I'm generally guaranteed to see at least one person I know. My favorite item on the dinner menu is the Vegetarian Thai Curry. The veggies are always fresh, nice and crunchy. The sauce, wonder of wonders for anyone allergic to dairy, is completely vegan, and therefore perfect for me. The breakfast menu includes a vegan offering, too, in the form of vegan biscuits and gravy. The gravy tends to be a bit on the sweet side (a risk with soy milk), but still satisfyingly yummy and brunch-appropriate. I just wish there were vegan dessert options. That would truly top things off. For the carnivorous/non-allergic types, people tell me the rest of the menu is equally fabulous. My dad is still raving about the pulled pork panino he had at brunch back in December. The man is picky, so if he raves, take note. As for the atmosphere, it's the local hangout, which means a mix of families, couples of all ages, and friends. There are generally a few tables of people working on the next Great American Novel, and sometimes a crying baby or two. Don't go if you believe children are to be seen and not heard. Otherwise? Go! What are you waiting for?
I love this place for the atmosphere and service not the food. The food isn't bad, it just hadn't wowed me any of the times I've been there. Today had the steak fajita and the beans & rice portion were bland. The steak, some pieces really hard "/ But the service is exceptional and there's always a good vibe.
I love their lobster mac and cheese! I haven't had it an ages and it was just as good as I remembered.
I love this place, but I will start by saying that really, it depends on what you are looking for. For starters, I tend to come to Indian Road for brunch far more often than dinner. I love their brunch, though the menu items can be hit or miss. I have settled on the Bagel Sandwich as my go-to here. It's delicious on so many levels of delicious - a ton of egg on the sandwich and some of the best bacon my taste buds have had the pleasure of meeting. I tried the chorizo eggs once, and it was fine, but not an item I ever went back to. And then I just stopped trying different foods because I love the bagel sandwich so much. My friends have tried various things as well and the food is always good, but it's not always over the top. I do have to say I love their coffee though, especially the mocha. Also, bottomless mimosas. It's $14 per person, so there are better bottomless brunch drink deals in New York, but if you drink two of them you've already saved yourself some money. But I love mimosas. All my other brunch places all seem to be more sangria oriented, so I do like that they have mimosas here (though I imagine one could find mimosas were you to actually look, unlike me). I can't comment quite as much on dinner, since I usually go for brunch. I've only ever been twice for dinner and I remember the food being good. Again, I can't say it was over the top amazing, but it was tasty and reasonably priced and I certainly never had a reason to complain. And there are plenty of vegetarian and even some vegan options as well. Really though, I come here because I love that it's a local joint. I have always been a big fan of local owned, cute, quaint places. There's a bar and a coffee bar and live music and I know the faces of half the people who work there. I've never had a problem with the service and I've been there a lot. Sometimes they are faster than other days, but I've never found myself sitting around waiting longer than I should be. All in all, I think it's a place worth going if you want a good bagel sandwich, some coffee and a mimosas, or if you are just looking for a nice local place with great atmosphere. If you are looking for that "wow" factor though, this probably isn't the place for you.
Went here with Rita E after we ran an ass kicking cross-country run in Van Courtland Park.   Rita said that this was one of her favorite places when she was living in Inwood  and I can totally see why.  It's great for people who love coffee.   There is a separate coffee counter with spaces to do work and surf the web.  I don't really drink coffee, but it smelled awesome.   Rita is friendly with the adorable French bartender and he hooked us up with a drink, which was really nice of him.   All the food looked so good, I actually had trouble deciding what to get.  I went with the breakfast burrito, which was delicious.  You can't go wrong with eggs and avocado. All in all, a great place with a homey feel.  I'd definitely return.
I can say, hands down, unequivocally, that Indian Road Cafe is one of my favorite restaurants in all of New York City. This is a place I look forward to going to for lunch on days I'm assigned to work long hours at the Allen Hospital. This is the place I like to get an iced tea from when I feel like taking a stroll around Inwood Hill Park. This is the place I walk 37 blocks north to on a Sunday morning when I want an iced chai and a muffin after a hurricane blows though the city and leaves me without a subway or bus to squire me there. This is the place I go to because I know they have Kopparberg cider! There is such community and warmth in this place, in addition to great food and drinks. It makes me think of being home in Connecticut at a nice country cafe. I go here to forget that I am in Manhattan and always succeed. When I first discovered this place more than a year ago, I had an instant crush. I can officially say that I am in love. (And I don't care who knows it!)
Absolutely the best place (note: I did not say "restaurant") in Inwood by far. Everything about this place makes me happy. They always have water for the dogs outside and treats for them on the counter. It's an epicenter of all things Inwood.
This is one of the many hidden secrets of the Inwood section of northern Manhattan tucked away on the corner of west 215 street.  Breakfast menu was pretty good.  I chose the breakfast burrito with eggs, black beans, jalapeño and avocado on a wheat tortilla.  'Tis the season so I ordered the Mully Apple Cider and Spicy Hot Chocolate with a pinch of cayenne pepper.  Both beverages had great presentation but by the time it was brought to us it was luke warm.  My only suggestion is to steam them up.  By the way, views of inwood park and Hudson river inlets are fabulous.
Neighborhood Gem Inwood is a place I call home. Having lived there all my life, I can honestly say I know the neighborhood. The vibe has recently changed and with much help of the Indian Road Cafe. This cafe is a little slice of downtown NYC located all the way uptown, pretty much at the tip of Manhattan. Whether you drop by for a nice coffee in the morning, quick snack for lunch or a nice dinner with dessert you will not leave disappointed. I tend to drop mainly for coffee. I prefer the iced coffee in the summer, it really hits the spot. They have a very nice & delicious selection of deserts. Red velvet cupcake, brownies, rainbow cookies, & assorted muffins just to name a few. Dinner is not bad but needs improvement. I have had a good amount of the menu and only favor 2-3 different things. The Prosciutto panini, Lobster mac & cheese & Gazpacho soup. The ambiance of the place is very relaxing. Dimmed lighting, Piano and occasional live band, bar and artwork of the neighborhood makes this a good place to take a "chill" and hang out. Staff is also very nice (some more than others) and I don't recall having a bad experience with any workers there. This place is perfect for some food and then a nice stroll in the park.
I ventured up to this Inwood joint for dinner, dessert, and a terrifically hard round of trivia. I can attest to the tastiness of the food and the kind nature of the wait staff, but if you aren't a pop culture genius, you may as well sit out Trivia Night. The tight-knit community fostered by Indian Road Cafe makes me wish Prospect Heights had something like this going on. The IRC bulletin board is something to behold, a dizzying collage of guitar-lessons-dog-walking-beware-rapist notices.
I really liked this place- the vibe and the view. I went for Sunday brunch with friends. The coffee is good, nice menu selection. I got the vegan biscuits and gravy. I wouldn't recommend only because the gravy was quite sweet. I had bites of other people's food though and it was quite good! I'll go back, maybe for open mic night.
Very cool spot with a great vibe. The brunch is excellent though it can be a bit crowded, but thats normal for any good place. Dinner is surprisingly uninspiring, not bad, just kinda plain. Excellent drinks, with a pretty good beer list. Overall a great place for brunch; ok place for dinner. p.s. I'll try not to judge the place based on a night I was there and there was an AWFUL jamband made up of some of the guys that worked there ....man, that was rough.
This place was delectable- ideal for Brunch. I felt transported to Seattle in upper Manhattan as a talented musician played recognizable music in classical fashion. I enjoyed the Yogurt which I had to had honey to because without was a bt dry- but the nuts and berries really made it a treat. Their wine and beer list is pretty fantastic- I wanted to try a special Oyster beer but didn't get the chance. They have a separate seasonal wine and beer list which i assume is nice for the regulars. If I'm ever that far north again, I most certainly would stop in again.
I cannot deny the lobster mac n' cheese.  It's the only thing I will order on the menu.   I've had it maybe four times here, and while it is changing every now and again in terms of sauce thickness and taste, the portions of the pasta and lobster definitely were greater!  The rest of the time, I go to the specials because really the menu just doesn't speak to me.  I've been here maybe 7 times now and I remain consistently critical of this place.  They've run out of specials after taking our order, my food has been cold, a busboy eating dinner had to seat us, there was a 30 minute wait from our plates cleared to get someone, when we really wanted dessert, it's been way too loud with the crowd battling the music.  I want an uneventful meal here.  No fuss, good food. I wish I could get here in time for happy hour.  I love their wine and beer selection.  I swear the prices went down from the last time I came here, but even if they didn't, for some reason I was more accepting of paying for what I got.  All this said, I take this to mean it was A-OK.
I'm such a sucker for brunch.  This place was amazing.  I got the breakfast burrito ... so good.  It had a good amount of avocado (gasp)!  Avocado and egg are sooooo good.   We had to wait for about 25 minutes and the hostess was beyond nice... she gave my friend and I a free round of mimosas because she felt bad.  The wait wasn't even that bad... I've waited 1.5 hrs at other places for brunch.  The mimosas were spot on! I was so mad at myself... I forgot to take a picture to post on yelp!
Deceptive name! This is so much more than a cafe. This is an excellent restaurant with a great selection of alcohol. We started with the duck confit salad -- magnifique. The combination of figs, almonds, arugula, simple sea salt -- strong yet simple mediterranean flavors make for a great little beginner. My only complaint was it was a little skimpy on the confit, and the salad was overall very light. I ordered a Reuben as my main course and it was just fantastic. Each component had real thought in it; they try to elevate the Reuben beyond its humble deli origins and it is successful. The mustard is rougher and stronger, the bread was wholesome and full of grains. I loved it. My girlfriend ordered the Salmon sandwich on ciabatta, and I remember it being good also but I did not enjoy it as much as my own selection. We were with a couple friends who were getting quite buzzed off of cider, and decided to order the entire dessert menu. So we had brownies, fresh cookies, gelato, I can't even remember the rest. All of it was good. The gelato was not unique in its flavor, but good in its taste. Which is what you want in the end anyway, right? Great place to meet friends for a casual lunch or early dinner. I would love to come back and check this place out for brunch.
I have stopped in here mostly for brunch a few times.  There are two things that I can usually count on those days, delicious food and poor service.  The food is usually worth it.  Almost everything I've tried has been delicious.
It's such a nice place, and the owner is a great person - but I cannot stand the girls behind the counter... They are incredibly unpleasant and rude, it really kills the atmosphere there right off the bat... And first impressions are so important.
Indian Road is the best in the neighborhood, but unfortunately I have to judge it on a high-quality standard. For the kind of restaurant it's trying to be, it's just average. The coffee is good, and the stools are fine if you can't sit at the tables. When I've gone in and it's quiet, they'll let you sit at a table even if you're not eating, which is nice. If they're busier, expect to be relegated to a stool. Brunch is ok, but I've had various benedicts over various brunches there and it's just unremarkable. From the homefries to the hollandaise it's fine. But not better than fine. The service is spotty - I think it depends on the server. When our server wasn't giving us much attention, a server from another section came to our rescue with coffee refills, etc. It seems as though they've thought about the beer selection, but only in terms of bottles - the draft selection is tiny; this is a pet peeve of mine. For shame! To reiterate: best in the neighborhood, but if you're having brunch with a friend, take the bullet and go to them, there will probably be a better place near them.
What a find!  My guy and I were driving around exploring the literal edges of Manhattan and found this place in Inwood.  It felt like we were in an entirely other city, which was super cool.  The place was really relaxed and spacious.  Totally opposite of every single other coffee shop in NYC! Felt more like something you'd find in Vermont, not Manhattan. As for the food - his pulled pork sandwich was excellent, and the little salad it came with was the perfect side.  My vegetarian chili came with some nice sides (cheddar cheese, sour cream, avocado, rice, pita bread) and was pretty good.  A little on the ouch-hot side, but otherwise, really satisfying. The portions were really perfect. Ah!  but the most important thing is that his cappuccino was really good and so was my latte!  They nailed the foam, which is the most important part.  Yay for another great cappuccino spot! My only real complaint was that I think the prices were a bit much.  I think I would have been much happier to pay $9 or $10 for my chili (which was listed as an appetizer) as opposed to the $12 that it actually was.
I've been to Indian Road several times now, so its about time for a review. First of all, its a super cute place, and I'm happy to have it in the neighborhood. My first visit was for brunch, and I wasn't too impressed with the food. It wasn't bad, just nothing to write home (or yelp) about. In fact, I can't even remember what I ate! On another trip there I had a cuban sandwich, pretty average. Once when I stopped in for coffee, I was disappointed because it was very bitter. Sounds like I don't like the place - Not true! I love how it is such a gathering place, whether for a cup of coffee, a meal, or just to pet the cute dogs that people leave tied outside while there are there. A couple of weeks ago I was introduced to quiz night at Indian Road and I have to say that that is now my favorite Wednesday night activity. Haven't won yet, and probably never will - the questions are hard! But its a great time, super interactive with beer chugging to break all the ties between each round. And speaking of beer, the selection is fantastic. Starting at $5 and going up to $50 a bottle, you can definitely find something you like. They always have a few on draft as well. So, 4 stars - for the ambiance, the company, the beer, the quiz night. But so far...not for the food.
I liked this place. It certainly has a feeling of class and originality.  It's cozy, the decor is nice, and it's location is romantic and historic.  They sometimes have a small band playing, nothing too loud, and I know they do trivia and the usual crap like that. That's why I originally went here, to see some friends play music. Parking can be a challenge in this residential neighborhood.  I circled the block for a good 15 minutes before finding a space, about a quarter mile away.  When I got to the cafe, there was a space right out in front.  Life can be ironic. You can see from the outside of this place that the interior dining space is actually three spaces, combined.  There's a coffee bar, a main bar and dining area, and a smaller dining area attached to it. Some portions of the interior are pretty dark, at night, and you may need a pen light to read the menu. Also, our table, in the coffee bar section, was not secure, and kept moving around on the slightly uneven floor, which was annoying as hell. I started with a bloody Mary ($8).  It was spicy, potent, and came with a pickle slice, instead of celery, which was interesting, and tasty. It also came with a small, complimentary beer chaser. For an appetizer, my friend and I tried the DUCK SAUSAGES ($14) and they were very good.  Then I had the BEEF STEW ($18). The cook made up a special avocado salad, for my companion, that he said was excellent.  There is a full coffee bar, so we finished off with a cappuccino.  I saw a large and wonderful looking dessert display, but I resisted! They were pretty busy the Friday evening I was there. The service was adequate.  Take out orders are available. The single bathroom was very clean. It's at the rear of the restaurant, down a short hallway. There is a community bulletin board, with announcements and business cards on it, right outside the bathroom. Our bill was $73 for two, which is not bad for two people, on a weekend night, in Manhattan (even if it's the far northern tip).
This place looks very nice but it's over priced. No one should have to pay $6 for a small latte. It took about a 15 to 20 minute wait time. Although the latte was done well. Id rather go to Starbucks and pay $2 less and have it dive in under 5 minutes.
Thank you, Indian Road Cafe for ruining my birthday. Just moved to Inwood from Cobble Hill, Brooklyn, we were very excited to try this place out. Our server was more concerned with his mohawk than our table. We waited for our dinner that never came. When I passed by the kitchen on my way to the bathroom, the chefs were too busy hanging out than cooking.That was when I saw red. To be fair, our busboy was cool. He was actually surprised we still hadn't eaten. Ended up eating cheap soft tacos on 207 st. I'm trying not to miss Brooklyn too much...
Living local I'm ashamed to say that this was our first time eating here.   We were pleasantly surprised with the decor, service, and food. We were equally surprised that the drinks were only $8-10. That was until the drinks came to the table.  We felt they were really small for the price. Switched to wine after the first round. We started with an oyster special. VERY tasty! My wife had the fish special, which was the pan seared sea bass.  She enjoyed it very much, although it could have been a little warmer. I had the lobster mac and cheese. It was great! And blazing hot! Which makes me think they didn't finish cooking them at the same time...It happens no big deal, definitely not a reason to not go back. If you are going, you might want to have a cocktail at home first, or maybe just enjoy a bottle of wine.  Can't go wrong with that!
This place is an absolute gem. Whether you're going in to grab a cup of coffee to go or sitting down for a full meal it's hard to beat. They have a good selection of wine and beer, as well as cocktails and punch (the last available in pitchers or a single cup 'punch of the day). Having lived in the neighborhood for a couple years we've been here at least a dozen times and it rarely fails. Well it never completely fails, I've had a couple less than awe-inspiring meals there, but once was with a brand new menu item, so I'm willing to write that off to a learning curve. Their brunch options are great; some tasty sandwiches for the lunch-inclined and plenty of excellent breakfast fare. Whether you're going for a hangover cure in the shape of a strong pot of french press and a bagel sandwich running over with cheese and bacon or a more civilized baked eggs florentine, you'll find yourself eyeing your empty plate with intense longing as the waiter carts it away. In addition to tasty food, they have live music on the weekends which is always well done; enjoyable, non-polarizing music which isn't pitched loudly enough to destroy your ability to have a conversation.
Great brunch and their lobster Mac and cheese is killer. I love the atmosphere as well as the live music they have during the week.
There just seems to be a lot of chronic malcontents in this neighborhood. I've been coming to IRC for years for their coffee and the cannolis. Normally on a Sunday, once we have finished brunch, we will sometimes take a stroll through the park and end up at IRC. We've never eaten a meal here, but the cannolis are probably the best I've had. At most bakeries the cannolis are made in the morning and placed in the case for purchase during the day. What sets IRC apart is that they fill the cannolis to order. The shell remains crispy and the filling fresh, a serious treat considering that usually cannolis are soggy and the filling grainy. I have heard so much bitching and complaining about the service here (it's fine not to mention very friendly), the crowds (it's a popular neighborhood place, so what), and the food (like I said, we are a pastry/coffee crowd so this point is moot). It just goes to show that you can not please 100% of the people 100% of the time. I've found that people who post about having 'bad service' are usually bad customers. Granted, I have been in some restaurants where the service is dodgy, to say the very least, but they are generally far and in between. There are just some people that think they are cock of the walk when they come into a restaurant. Remember people, restaurant staff is there to make your stay comfortable, treat them with respect. I have been coming here for YEARS and have NEVER (ever) come across a nasty or rude member of staff. That having been said, the coffee, cannolis and other pastries are wonderful and I thoroughly endorse this establishment.
We've lived in Inwood for 6 months and probably gone to IRC 10 times already. Not only is it a great restaurant it really feels like a little community center of sorts. The food has yet to disappoint, I'm a big fan of the pulled pork and the German chocolate cake.
This place looks like it belongs in the Upper West Side or the Village. I've been there a few times now, and I think it's great to have this place. I've been there for lunch for a pulled pork sandwich (tasty) and opened my laptop to do work (free wireless) without being disturbed.  Also been there for dinner and had the talked-about lobster mac-n-cheese: unfortunately it wasn't what I expected. The cheese was too sharp for my taste, and the lobster chunks are too big (but can be picked apart), and unfortunately the lobster didn't add too much flavor. The people there- staff and patrons -are all friendly. It's a place that you wish that you could see more of in the city: Indian Road Cafe is  populated by a diverse crowd of people, something that is also reflected in Inwood.
Great place for Sunday brunch. Good food and a large variety of coffees and teas, all at a reasonable price. We arrived just as they opened so we were seated right away but it was getting busy when we left. You might want to get there early to avoid the crowds. We enjoyed watching the parade of dogs passing on their way to the park as we noshed on our omelet and French toast. The home fries were mushy but still tasty and the reoccurring cow motif was adorable.
As we entered the restaurant, the interior's inviting and its setting made you feel as though you were in Greenwich Village.  However, the service was horrible; the waitress never smiled. The coffee had a terrible, bitter taste.  Even the new customers at our adjacent table complained about the coffee.  The food was lukewarm at best and the English muffin was rock hard stale.  We were very disappointed and as frequent diners throughout the city and Westchester, we definitely do not recommend this restaurant.
I love the atmosphere of Indian Road Cafe (except when they inflict a piano player on patrons on weekends), and the little I've had of their dinner items was just fine and dandy. The coffee is lovely--creamy, foamy lattes. But what really kills the experience for me is the overpricing of some of their baked goods (and bad quality of them, too). I'm the kind of person who needs a pastry to complete my afternoon coffee or tea. The Indian Road Cafe charges $1.00 for one Italian cookie a little bigger than my thumb, and the Italian cookies look no different than the pre-packaged ones you can get at Fairway. Really, tiny little cookies, bought from a purveyor at wholesale, should be 50 cents at most. I got a biscotti for a dollar, but it was so dry it crumbled all over my plate and into my coffee. Yuck. When I was there I really wanted their homemade lemon cookies, which I crave, but they were in the freezer. Go no!? They used to make real Italian Savoiardi cookies, but stopped, and now they keep their most popular cookie (and the only one worth paying $1 for) in the freezer. Get your cookie act together IRC, and price them fairly.
Man, there are just so many reviewers that nit-pick! Wow. I guess if you want to find something wrong, you will find it. Have people forgotten how to enjoy themselves? IRC is a sweet, cozy spot in Inwood with a wonderful atmosphere in a great location. The owner found a way to make a quiet, little corner of the world a great neighborhood institution that creates jobs and gives customers a place to eat and share. Unlike so many restaurants in NYC, IRC actually cares about its customers and responds to their needs. I mean, honestly, just looking at the comments to these reviews, I can see how dedicated Jason is to his establishment and the community. Not only that, but IRC caters to so many different types of people. I see reviews commenting on how IRC "needs to decide what it needs to be". Really? Hell no. IRC welcomes people from all walks of life. Why should they cater to just one group of people? That's just ignorant. I've enjoyed many nice evenings with my girlfiend here. IRC is one of the first establishments that has helped to change a lot of the negative and incorrect perceptions of the neighborhood. Keep up the great work!
We went over to the IRC for a wine tasting the other night. For a very reasonable price, we got 4 lovely glasses of italian wine, and several courses of fresh, delicious food to go with it. Prosciutto and figs, heirloom tomatoes, delicious cheeses, lamb braised in red wine.... This event was served family style, and over the food and wine, we got chatty with the other couple at our table. I don't usually love this kind of socializing, but the food was great, the wine was great, it was all classy but comfortable, and it was one of the best evenings out in Inwood that I've ever had. This experience relfects the fact that the IRC is a great Inwood restaurant. Its definitely got a different, more laid back coffee house vibe, as compared to other restaurants in the area. But the care given to the food and wine selections keeps a more elevated element in play.  The food here is prepared with a lot of locally sourced, seasonal ingredients, so its fresh and tasty. Some of my favorites are the hummus, the vegetarian curry, the pulled pork panino, the chili... I could go on, but you get the idea. Yummy food. These selections are complimented by a an extensive wine and beer list, including seasonal selections. The IRC often has live music - actually good live music, usually something thats's sort of a jazzypop fusion with a dash of blues or bluegrass. They also host events, knitting night, trivia night, etc. The wine tasting I mentioned was a first, I certainly hope they do it again. Nothing's perfect - this place can be crowded at brunch, and can be a little noisy when full up. But that's true anywhere, and as far as inwood goes, this is definitely a gem in the area.
I REALLY want to give this place more stars. I'm conflicted. This was my first time going to IRC. We went on a Wednesday for Trivia night. The experience and atmosphere was 5 stars all the way. Such a neighborhood vibe. The crowd was an awesome mix of uptown hipsters and young professionals. The trivia was awesome- the whole restaurant got into it. There was this awesome sense of community here, with tons of laughs and tons of beers. The food, however, is the reason I gave this place 3 stars. Wash Heights/Inwood is in DIRE need of an awesome restaurant. I thought maybe the IRC could be it...unfortunately, it wasn't. Drinks were yummy- tons of beers, wines, special "punches"...couldn't go wrong here. Then we started with the crab cake and butternut squash, goat cheese and mushroom wellington. Crab cake was ok, really nothing great. Wellington was pretty tasty. I ordered the shrimp, bacon and avocado sandwich while my bf ordered the lobster mac and cheese. While my sandwich was the clear winner, it was still just ok. The mac and cheese was incredibly disappointing. No crunchy top, skimpy on the lobster and the sauce almost tasted like a mix (i'm sure it wasn't, but there was something off about it). Overall, id return for the atmosphere alone. Maybe stick with a salad.
We went there b/c my husband saw it on TV.  Good atmosphere, good drinks, but they need to revamp the vent system for the cooking/grilling smoke.  No joke, my husband's eyes got all watery from it.  The food was average (grilled trout from the special and grilled shrimp).  Peach cobbler with ice cream was very good.  I wonder it's better suited for brunch?
if you are going for brunch, get a benedict dish. enjoy it, then search for other places to have breakfast. that is, unless you have deep pockets. breakfast for one: $17.68 + tip. attractions: the hollandaise sauce is wonderful; layers of flavor running tart, zingy, lemony and creamy.. i had the benedict caprese, two nicely poached eggs atop a wonderfully balanced tomato, mozz and basil pesto combination all resting on a pair of english muffins expertly toasted... at $14, i will think of them often, but i won't be returning. distractions: drinks: the coffee is meh. there is some serious machinery at the coffee counter, and perhaps the fancier fare is where it's at because the regular coffee i had reminded me of the mediocrity of a k cup. cost: i don't know when, but the prices in the restaurant are higher than advertised on their web site.. poor form in a time where people go online to get specifics. though i will say, i feel that every item in the place is far too high; $8 for three scrambled eggs? that's outrageous. with the audacity to charge the prices they do, at the very least i would expect clean silver.
Lovely neighborhood joint! The lobster mac is one of my faves, but I also find the beer selection to be one of the best in the area. Well worth the trek to Upper Manhattan.
A friend and I went in for brunch on a Saturday. The restaurant was crowded, but had a great atmosphere! The food was good, though the menu was quite egg focused. The service was quite possible the worst I've had in my life. A waiter approached us right when we sat down, so we were off to a good start. We tried to get his attention a few minutes later because we had questions about the menu (we wanted to know what the daily specials were because he had neglected to tell us). It took him a while to make it over to our table and when we weren't immediately ready order after he told us the soup if the day, he seemed put out. We decided our orders shortly after and closed our menus. More than 15 minutes later, the waiter came back to our table after pointedly ignoring us every time he was in the dining area. He took our order by saying "okay ladies, time is up".
Great stuff. My fiancee and I stopped for dinner here earlier this week and had an awesome meal. We had a carafe of the house red (about 3.5 glasses) for $15, split a house salad ($8), and each got sandwiches - she got the delicious Cuban Panino (pork shoulder confit, ham, pickles, swiss, dijon mustard on ciabatta for $11), and I had the Open-Faced Steak Sandwich ($15), which was piled high with perfectly-cooked meat, caramelized onions, and a delicious horseradish cream sauce. Service was pretty attentive - all in all, a good environment. Will definitely come back. Also looking forward to diving into the cocktail list -- looks like they have some interesting liquors at the bar.
I'd really like to give this 4 stars, but many of the people in our party's food was luke warm so I had to knock it down to 3.  Very good (not great) food, great service and an incredible beer selection from all over the world. The restaurant is in Inwood located across from the park and the inside has a very relaxed, warm feel to it with a bar & restaurant area on one side and a coffee shop with students and wanna be writers on their laptops on the other. I would definitely go back again.
So my BF and I attend the Bread and Yoga clases at Inwood Park on Tuesdays and pass by this place on the way home. I have been to every single Inwood restaurant and not only are the prices great so is the service and food.  I was thinking this would be the same experience at Indian Road Cafe.  I wanted to treat by BF so I took him here, the restaurant has a very cool, locals hang out here vibe to it.  Its the type of place couples bring their kids, kids bring their parents, etc.   The menu had a lot of very simple straightforward options and a very ample drink menu.  I also noticed they used products from Arthur Ave. (which is the mecca of Italian food in the BX) and also pastries from Balthazar.  So far so good. APPETIZER: We started with the lollipop buffalo wings (I had these at Rare in Chelsea and they are amaze!!) and my BF wanted to see what a lollipop wing was.  This came pretty quickly but to my dismay I hated the texture of the drumstick.  The skin was in my opinion not fully cooked and I removed it from the rest of the wing.  It tasted like it had been boiled for a few minutes and wasnt fully cooked.  At Rare the wing is crunchy on the outside now I know this a different place.  But most places that offer buffalo wings they are usually crunchy.  There was no way possible the outside skin was fully cooked.  The texture was rubbery so needless to say that was disappointing.   ENTREE: We ordered the Arthur Avenue Cavatelli with shripm/vodka sauce (special of the day), and was hoping this would be a lot better.  It actualy wasnt any good at all.  The pasta was al dente but too al dente.  I cook pasta a lot and I like it al dente but I have never tasted pasta this bad before.  It was not fully cooked at all and it was hard to chew. The sauce barely had a flovor but the shrimp was pretty good.   Part of me felt like I should've sent the food back but thats not really my style, my BF was disappointed with the meal as well but he finished it.  I took mine to go and gave it to my mom.  The prices didnt shock me but it was disappointed to pay $60 for a meal that really left you more than disappointed. As I looked around I noticed everyone had sandwiches or paninis so maybe we just ordered something that really isnt their specialty.  I would definitely go back since my BF enjoyed the beer selection but panini next time.  If they get that wrong then this place really isnt worth visiting again. Shocking since all the reviews are pretty good.   DESSERT: None since everything else was pretty bad I decided against it. ;-(
Best spot ever. Pub quiz on Wednesday night is life-changing.
Perfect anchor for the neighborhood, wonderful food, great programming (quiz night, live music, etc.), great beer selection and rotating exhibitions by local artists.  Across the street from Inwood Hill Park and the Columbia Boat House.  Try the Jane's ice cream or a cinnamon bun!  The only negative is that you'll sometimes have a wait to get in, especially for weekend brunch.  But it's generally worth it.
Food is good, lots of options for a vegan and interesting choices.  Meat and chicken seems to be of good quality. Dessert menu is abundant and tasty - ambiance is great, parking is hell but we manage :) Often crowded at peak meal times but usually able to get a table - favorite go to place
Totally stumbled upon this place and had no clue it existed. Just happened to be taking a Sunday stroll in a new neighborhood for me and there it was. It turned out to be everything I've come to want and like in a mom and pop run cafe and then some. Upbeat and friendly staff. Artisan crafted coffee and non coffee beverages. Tasty and exotic mix of choices on the menu, to include generous AND interesting choices of vegetarian dishes. Delicious looking bakery treats, which I will try next time. It also has a really good wine and beer selection for those who are into that. It's not a very big space but they arranged the seating well and you don't feel like you are on top of your neighboring diners. I enjoyed the IRC Omelet off the Sat/Sun Brunch menu. Delicious omelet stuffed with Asiago cheese and spinach. It came with some mixed greens, nutty whole grain toast, and Parmesan hash browns (their version of hash browns). All very good and I didn't need add ketchup. I also had the green tea latte. Very good. I found out they also have music nights so I plan on coming back soon to check that out. I give it a perfect score not only because I enjoyed the food. But also for the amazing idea of turning the bottom floor of an old art deco era building in the middle of a neighborhood into a restaurant. I like this style building and have never seen one utilized in this way. Brilliant! This cafe is hits a home run with me.
Far far away, there is a quiet and beautiful neighborhood in upper Manhattan... well, very upper... Indian Road cafe serves here next to Inwood Hill Park. The cafe divides into two sections, a dining room and a coffee bar, which are both great. I rode my cycle from Elmhurst, Queens to this cafe. A cup of latte couldn't just satisfy me, so I had crème brûlée as well. The barista chatted with me smilingly while making my latte. Latte tasted so Counter Culture, it's pretty featured!
I can't believe what I just heard about the owner of this place on This American Life. Apparently, the furnishings were salvaged from the set of Vesuvio's restaurant on The Sopranos (he worked for the show's producer). The reason he opened the restaurant and left television is even more stirring. Before learning these fun facts, I randomly came upon this place while trying to walk around the outer edge of Manhattan. At the time, I was living on 145th Street and Broadway, so from there, all the way up the island to Spuyten Duyvil, I didn't pass a single business until I reached the unexpectedly and unexpectedly wonderful Indian Road Cafe, like an Inwood oasis. I can't really top the other glowing reviews, but I can say this place almost makes me want to live around the corner (almost!). Great coffee, hot chocolate, bakery items, beer, wine, and meals in the dining section. A small upscale deli/market in the corner. Very nice! I only wish it weren't so expensive (for me) and there were more space dedicated to the cafe side of things, since it feels a bit more like a restaurant, so I tend to make deliberate trips here when I'm in the area, but I'm loathe to bring my laptop here to work (the few seats are always taken). Truly the gem of upstate Manhattan! Next door to a cute antiques shop. Update: I met the owner on my last visit, and he's a really nice guy! He also informed me that patrons are more than welcome to bring their laptops into the dining area and enjoy the free WiFi when it isn't busy (so during the day, during the week works out best, which also works out best for me). I really need to visit this place more often!
Yummy amazing food!
What better than heading out for a late brunch on a Sunday in "The Bronx" as according to my wife anything north of 96th Street is "The Bronx" .  We figured nothing, so we headed out to Indian Road Cafe after checking out their online menu for veggie friendly food. When we walked in the place was very busy and the Hostess placed us on the list saying we would have about a 25 minute wait.  To our surprise we were seated in about 5 minutes. Based on my advanced knowledge,  I was going to have the French Toast and my wife was going to have the Vegan Biscuits & Sausage Gravy.  When the waitress arrived at the table I went to place the order starting with a cup of coffee and a cappuccino as our beverages.  When I asked for the Vegan Biscuits & Sausage Gravy I was told they were sold out.  The waitress then informed us that we could not order the French Toast either unless we order the Seaman Avenue Trucker's Breakfast which included "scrambled eggs, french toast, bacon, sausage, fingerling potatoes, toast."  She informed us that this was as per "the Chef's orders" even after explaining we Do Not Eat Meat with the exception of fish.  I finally settled for the Smoked Salmon on a Bagel and my wife settled for a tofu scramble burrito.  My meal was nothing to brag about but the coffee gets an A.  The front staff are polite and friendly and the establishment is cozy. I would have loved to give 4 or 5 stars on this review but it is just an insult to travel 50 miles to an establishment that offers Vegetarian friendly cuisine and then tells you you can not have an item that is available unless you order another plating on the menu that is loaded with meat products.  To top it off they did not have the ingredients to make the Vegan Biscuits & Sausage Gravy.  The reason given is they had a large crowd of cyclists in the morning and it "wiped them out" of supplies.  I could understand that excuse for the Vegan dish, but why couldn't we have the French Toast when you still had it?  Especially when it was made clear our dietary restrictions? To tell a customer who is specifically looking for a vegetarian meal you can only have the French Toast if you order a plate that includes multiple meat products (Seaman Avenue Trucker's Breakfast) is an insult and just wrong. I base my two stars for the front staff and the appearance of the establishment.  Had they been a little more cooperative in the Kitchen they might have gotten a couple of more stars.  I hope to make my way back and give them another chance and only hope that we are not told that the Chef will not let you have something from the kitchen that is available unless you order something you don't want. PS  The management (Jason) at Indian Road Cafe has been above board and has handled the situation in a courteous and professional manner gaining their 3rd star.  It will be a pleasure returning to IRC to do an updated review of the cuisine.
I like IRC. I don't love IRC. I wanted to love IRC. Really I did. But I feel like it's like being in a relationship with a schizophrenic who occasionally goes off their meds and you never know what you're going to get. I've had to some really good experiences here. Good food, fun servers, good coffee etc... But they are just too marred by the bad ones. Sometimes I'd go on a weekend to get some work done as I found the environment did a lot to get rid of writers block. Only now when I go in I have to cram myself into a counter space. That's ok, there are outlets to plug into and there's wifi so its ok, right? Hmm... There's one screaming child, two screaming children, 5 screaming children all darting in and out of my legs, tripping over my wires, scattering my research (newspaper, bills, trashy magazines) willy nilly. And I get the looks like I'm the one causing the trouble when I kindly ask the parents of the screaming children to perhaps corral them away from those of us who obviously want a teeny tiny shred of peace. And let's not forget the piano player, that while enjoyable at first makes it really hard to have a conversation let alone get any work done. Ok, fine. I'll go do my work at Beans & Vines which is quieter and a little more able to accommodate. But sometimes I really want to meet some friends for brunch on a lovely Sunday. It takes 10 minutes to just place the order for coffee, 10 minutes to get the coffee and then forget about ordering anything else because the server never came back! Finally, 10 minutes later (yup, we'd been there exactly one half hour already) we get to place an order. My eggs come out and they are severely undercooked. Like my whites were runny. I love a good runny egg yolk but I want my egg to have at least come in contact with heat! Waiter insists there's nothing wrong but finally takes it back. Obviously the whole thing went under the salamander b/c the plate comes back scorching hot and my yolks are now hard boiled. Sigh. Ok. I'll get a bloody mary to make it all better. Ummm....no waiter....ever.....had to ask for the check from the hostess. As I said, I continuously find myself coming back here because I really really really want to love this place. The food (when properly prepared) is really good and thoughtful. The ambiance just makes you want to hang out there. But I've had too many moments now where I always feel like WTF??? Like the time I wandered in during a torrential downpour for coffee when it was super quiet, and the barrista and another staff member are having loud discussions that make me blush (and it takes a lot to make me blush) about body parts that I really don't want to hear about while my latte is being made. I dunno IRC. Maybe we should just consider going our separate ways. Don't feel bad. Maybe its me and not you. Perhaps, we're just not a good fit.
I have only eaten here for dinner but have always had a good time. The service, to me, has always been fast and friendly, and the food has been okay. For the price, the portions are a tad small. The wine my bf and I had was delicious, and the ambiance can't be beaten in that neighborhood. I can't comment on the coffee or anything other than wine, cheese, and my lobster mac N cheese, all of which were delicious.
Nice place, beautiful location, I stop here sometimes for coffee and their Internet while biking. It was recommended to me when I moved here. But I went there for dinner with my daughter and her boyfriend and the food was so-so and lukewarm when we were served, which took awhile in an almost-empty restaurant. So I have to downgrade my rating a bit.
We had the cuban sandwich (great) and the green curry veggies (tasty), Risesling, hummus and olive bowl with pita, and finished the evening with Gelato.  All in all, everything was very enjoyable and the trivia game was fun fun fun to play since I am a nerd.  Brobdingnagian beer selection.  We are staying in a place just down the street so it's easy to get there and it's right next to the park.  As a non-local, I don't know what the competition is in the area, but for us, it's a treat!
My wife's favorite place and we have to leave our neighborhood to get to it.  I like it too; we often end up there with a group.  Thumbs up for the soup, I say, but food is always good.   I like the live music too, although sometimes loud.  Parking is do-able if you have a New York sixth sense, and I do.
One of the best cafe's I've ever been to. The staff is great and the food is phenomenal. Do try a Cortado if you ever need a morning boost. I absolutely love this place.
I enjoy the concept of this place, and it is refreshing to have a locale of this nature in the neighborhood. The beer selection is great, i love the taste of the food, but the portions are a bit small. Also, I think the staff is very nice, but they need to be more attentive. With a revamped menu that focuses on both vegetarian needs and better portions, this place is destined for greatness.
I had the winter salad for brunch. It was delicious, but not quite worth the price. I had a rosemary biscuit on the side, which was good, but it was an ordeal to get butter. The tea wasn't worth it. Basically, it's an overpriced Inwood place, but with good ambience and OK food. I probably won't seek it out again, but if I'm in the neighborhood, I might stop by. The best part of my experience was taking a Sunday stroll in the park right across the street.
Deeeeelicious!! A scrumptious cup of coffee, delicious bacon, fluffy eggs ..... and everyone else's food around me looked really good as well.  They use organic and farm-fresh ingredients. The best brunch I've had in a while. These folks really nailed it.
Finally got a chance to get over to Indian Road Cafe, and I was not disappointed. The environment is reminiscent of the cafes that I loved in the Pioneer Valley (The Black Sheep in Amherst, MA for example). Cozy and laid back, yet a full-service operation. I felt right at home. There were a couple laptop users, but it wasn't full, so this wasn't a problem. We went there for dinner, and I knew I had to try the lobster mac and cheese. It was tasty although incredibly rich (although, what do you expect from a good mac and cheese). The portion was huge, so I was able to take home ample leftovers. My friend had the prawns and they were delicious. We did end up having dessert - I had the pecan and salted caramel muffin, she had the cannoli. The muffin or cupcake (not sure which they call it) was a bit disappointing. The cake itself lacked flavor, although the salted caramel topping was good. The cannoli filling was incredible, although the shell was generic. Will definitely be going back - those prawns are calling me.
I was here recently for a friends birthday dinner and was really impressed. Inside it's casual since after all, it is a cafe. The decor is simple and with the lights dimmed, you are able to enjoy your dinner in a space that's cozy but still elegant. We started our meal with a couple bottles of wine, a cheese plate and the tamarind glazed chicken wings, which I found to be just okay.   I liked that the menu offers a lot of variety and is made up of lots of hearty comforting dishes. We were a large party so everyone on our side of the table decided to split a few different entrees so we could try a little of everything. We sampled the lamb, short ribs, chicken, and the lobster mac and cheese. It was all pretty tasty. My least favorite of the 4 was the chicken, only because it was the most basic. The standout item for me was the lobster mac and cheese. It was one of the best I've had. Not overly creamy with nice sized hunks of lobster and the perfect combination of cheeses. It was mild in flavor, but still had a nice saltiness and sharpness to it. I would definitely return for that dish.  I think for the type of place this is ( casual and comforting in a cafe atmosphere), the pricing was a little high and the portions were are little too small. Apart from that, I couldn't have enjoyed the experience more.
Man, underwhelmed again. Maybe Indian Road is great for the coffee/work on computer crowd? Seemed to be quite busy on that side of the restaurant. I was there for the food, and now I really won't ever be back. I had the trucker's breakfast. It all seemed plopped together. Some stuff hot (my wilted salad for one), some stuff cold (my sausage links). I gave it another try and that was enough for me. Sorry IRC, you don't have a fan here.
I wrote my first novel here, Catch Rider. I was able to focus on writing an entire novel with two young kids at home because of the warmth and great vibes at this wonderful place. The food is excellent.  I have never had a bad meal here.  I've never even had an average meal here.  The pot pie, the breakfast burritos, the salads, the farmer's (?) cheese plate, are absolutely five star and leave me scraping my plate with my fingers, like an animal. The service is laid back, kind of L.A.-style.  If you want a waiter to yell at you, go to Barney Greengrass instead.  There's no NYC schtick at Indian Road, and thank God for that, because  we NY-ers need a break..  I've always had good service, a nice and attentive waiter, and once in a while I've had to wait a little while for the barista to make someone else's perfect coffee. But that's fine, and that's the way it should be. I hope this place stays open forever. - Jennifer Lyne
An Inwood hot spot for good reason! Great ambiance, terrific food and drinks. I recently had a delicious meatloaf special. The lobster mac & cheese is a guilty favorite. Very accommodating to families: highchairs, changing table and usually enough energy in the place that you won't feel guilty bringing out the little one. IRC offers trivia nights, live music, and special occasion events for every holiday. We love IRC!
Just reiterating how much I LOVE IRC! The French bartender and I are buddies, the food is excellent, the old-timey music is live and the coffee is strong. One of my favorite restaurants in Manhattan for sure!
They recently started serving brunch, which made me REALLY happy.  But when I actually went for brunch, I found the brunch menu items to be mostly appetizers from their dinner service and/or sandwhiches and salads.  They did offer two egg dishes, but they were too fancy/overly contrived for my humble brunch taste.  Where are the regular brunch items - omelets, eggs bennedict, french toast, bagels?  I love the idea of this neighborhood restaurant and the decor so maybe I'll give it another shot as a dinner spot.  But for the price and my brunch taste, I'll probably head to one of the other staples in the neighborhood (Park View, Garden Cafe)
I had heard so many wonderful things about this place and was very excited to try it out. I took a nice stroll down here from Riverdale, only to be disappointed. The food was ok, nothing spectacular. I did not appreciate the rush. I came with the intention of catching up on some work while enjoying my brunch. Yet, after paying for my meal and still trying to finish my coffee, I was asked to leave the dining area because of the wait.
I had a pretty tasty winter salad here, and liked the atmosphere a lot. I hear the brunch is excellent as well.
The lines was looooong and that is how you know you can not go wrong with the restaurant. It is one of the few brunch places to go to around Inwood Hill Park and so we went to check it out one Sunday afternoon. The decor is interesting it is a mix of an old school coffee diner and an Irish Pub and it seems that it is that gap that they want to fill as they in the evening has quizzes and other pub inspired events going on. Back to the food... The good is on the normal side for brunch it is about $20 per person and you can even order unlimited drink options for $8 not bad if you know you will be sitting there for a while. I was in the mood for chili so I ordered that and it was a good size bowl, not too big and not too little and it had all the sides imaginable. The flavor was okay but I could have used it more spicy now that it is a chili I expect it to be spicy and it was not at all. The bust-boys were a bit too eager to clean out the tables. I was sitting with my boyfriend and his parents who are very slow eaters and they like to talk in between bites so just because they are not holding the knife and fork does not mean that they are done. The same guy came by three times to try and take the plates and did not get that we were just slow eaters it got to be too much. I know that they are busy and want to turn a table as fast as possible but that was not the way to do it.
A friend and I recently met for an early lunch at the cafe. When we walked in there seemed to be no visible staff, we sat ourselves. A young man (waiter/bus boy) was walking around the cafe listening to music. He ignored us. He began to place utensils and napkins on the tables around us but continued to ignore us. We actually had to obtain our own utensils and napkins by grabbing them off another table. He did manage to check himself out every time he passed the mirror. After about 15 minutes of waiting, we had to call him over and ask for a menu and service. He acted as if we were bothering him. Thank god a young lady helped us throughout the rest of the meal.
I almost moved out of Inwood because of the lack of a decent cafe - no joke - but fortunately my discovery of Indian Road Cafe has extended my stay in the neighborhood. The setup is a bit confusing at first: there's a "market" (actually just a bunch of low shelves containing some random yuppie groceries) in the back, a restaurant in the middle, and a "communal table" (where the laptop-users dwell) behind the restaurant part. This means if you want to buy coffee at the front coffee bar and sit down with it, you have to carry your coffee through the restaurant, which is a bit awkward. You can also order from the restaurant menu at the communal table, further adding to the confusion. Once you get over the weird setup, though, Indian Road Cafe has a lot to offer. Really, really amazing coffee, especially the vanilla lattes with their homemade vanilla syrup. Great breads, pastries, and a pretty decent menu, although some of the items are hit-or-miss - I've ordered the spinach and cheese omelet several times, and it ranged from perfect to inedibly undercooked (hence the 4 stars). More importantly, this place has free wireless and big comfy chairs, two commodities that are in short order in the rest of Manhattan. I can also always get a seat, no matter how crowded it is. And I love the views of the  park, and the funky little antique shop/bookstore next door. There's no better place in Inwood to spend a Saturday morning.
came here for brunch this past Sunday & although I was super ready to order the minute I walked in, I, of course, spotted new items on the menu! fwahhh??? see ya later, scrambled eggs, im moving on to bigger & better things: CRAB & EGGS BENEDICT: amaze! perfectly poached eggs, sitting atop chunks of crab, laying on two sides of a toasted English muffin - all slathered with hollandaise sauce. PERFECTION IN MY BELLY. served with home fries & greens. HUEVOS RANCHEROS:  fried eggs, provolone, spicy tomatillo & sour cream all laying on a corn tortilla. Brian got this & I only had a bit. pretty good but sorry, nothing tops my gooey eggs benedict! =) is it the weekend yet? xoxo
By far the best spot in the neighborhood.  The tea list is extensive and fresh, the beer list is creative, the food is yummy and the crowd reminds you that there really is a community in Inwood.  On a Sunday morning it is nice to see both families eating brunch, couples relaxing with coffee and the paper, and students working on their laptops.
I have dined and drank plenty at this fine establishment over the past year. The vibe is great, the coffee great, the beer/wine list damn good, but the food I have found to be inconsistent. For example, I love hummus, and I order it a lot at restaurants when I am enjoying libation with my friends, but the last time I ordered the Indian Road Cafe hummus appetizer, it was f'ing horrible. It came out looking like a big turd pile and tasted like refried beans, my friend and frequent yelper couldn't even finish it, we took two bites and spat. So don't trust the food, I think they have a rotation of chefs, which has proven to be a bad thing for Indian Road, Instead, just drink and be merry.
Love the ambiance here... this is a wonderful place to hang out with friends or solo with a computer.  Free internet access and great coffee.  The food is pretty good, but I really go because it's such a nice non-NYC experience!  Think Vermont meets the city.
This place is great - the only little cafe restaurant in the 'hood with a nice view, good food and good service. I went with my mom a few days back for dinner, have been with a friend just for a beer, and my book club met up there for discussion and wine as well. Overall really nice experience. I am anxious to go back for a cup of coffee and the free wifi. Truly the only place in the neighborhood where you can go for basically any kind of dining experience. The prices are fair - and the music on Tuesdays is awesome. I can't believe I can walk 1/2 a block and be at this spot. A gem for Inwood!
Love this place. Come here for breakfast/brunch and, most especially, dinner. Can stop in on my home from work and eat in or carry out. Food is great and so is the staff; always nice.
We've been there twice now and the food has been delicious both times.  The wait staff was very attentive both times.  They would come by just often enough to check on drink status, if we needed anything, etc...  but not so often that you felt it was too much.  A nice menu and I hear they rotate items from time to time so we're looking forward to that.  The baked mac & cheese is amazing!  (I forget what it's called on the menu though.)  The hummus/pita appetizer was very tasty and came with a nice amount of both hummus and pita.  No running out of pita before the hummus was gone!  Have yet to try the coffee but from the looks of the other reviews here we are missing out!
A fantastic neighborhood place, I recommend their cuban pulled pork panino. Only thing keeping them from a five star review was the wait... It was a bit long for the level of business they had at the time. Otherwise a great hidden place.
Only thing that could have made Indian Road better is a full bar.  I love this place!!!  They're not holding back either, using only top-shelf and unique distilleries to provide high quality cocktails!
I've only been here during the day, typically sunny weekends when you want a chance of pace.  the Indian Road Cafe feels like it is straight of out the Hudson Valley or some small village upstate.  Warm wood, large bright windows on a quiet corner overlooking the park and the river.  It's amazing you are in Manhattan really.  The food, service and coffee are all good.  So far, it's the best I've found in Inwood and highly recommend.
Indian Road Cafe is a great neighborhood spot, for all times of the day.  Eric and Michele and the rest of the gang make some of the best espresso drinks in town, the breakfast burrito is fantastic, the lunch and dinner menus are great.  Live music almost every night.  They have a wonderful wine list and more exotic and interesting beers than any other place north of Columbus Circle.  My 3 year old daughter is a regular there, always greeted by name by everyone who works there.  She gets to play with the toys on the bar and write with markers on the windows.  IRC is welcoming, delicious, interested in the neighbors and neighborhood.  I'm so glad it exists!
I've almost always been underwhelmed by IRC, with only a few exceptions...well, actually one: Lobster Mac. I would go back there only for this if I could be assured that service would be consistent, the fiendish piano player was waylaid on some other continent, and I ordered nothing else. I went for weekend brunch once, and only once. I waited 30 minutes for a table, which seemed pleasantly situated by a window, but was nevertheless annoyingly placed in front of the piano. It was silent as we sat so I had no idea what hell lay in store. Soon the pianist came out. The hairs on my neck stood as he went to seat himself behind the piano. Peering over, he smirked at my companion and myself, and he sarcastically said, "Enjoy the music." Dick. He pounded those keys like a Wack-a-Mole. Unfortunately for the rest of the guests, they were probably privy to a lot of intimate and delicate details as my companion and I had to scream to carry on a conversation. But I'm sure our screams were lost in the crush and crash of the "music", and the wails from the offspring of the self-righteous, 30-something fauxhemian breeders populating the place. Service was spotty at best, with the servers wandering about like deer zombies in headlights. Perhaps it was due to smoke inhalation because the place reeked of fire pit due to poor ventilation. Or perhaps a floor manager could have helped direct the flow, but IRC is probably too "go with the flow, man" to allow for such an authoritarian idea. Sloppy, avoidable, unplanned chaos seems to be their business model. The brunch menu, though seemingly unique, was in truth simply a verbally-stylized reiteration of hackneyed dishes. Excluding the Lobster Mac, of course, which I think is only served at lunch. French toast was, well, only a half-step better than a truck stop's because they threw on some apples and currants. Everything else that I've sampled or saw was simply "meh"...especially frustrating when considering the prices. I will probably return to IRC for brunch, forced by visiting friends one weekend, but I will be extremely mindful of the oblivious parents seeking respite from their roles by foisting their screaming hordes and their parental duties onto other patrons, the fascist pianist that delights in Schadenfreude as he tortures those seeking a weekend respite from cacophonous NYC living, and the glazed looks of the servers as they zombie their way through the bland chaos that's brunch at Indian Road Cafe. _________________________________________________ Update: The owner has since edited his more snide comment to the more seemingly banal, yet disingenuous one below. Nevertheless, the implicit claim that my review is laced with bias, or simply a business tactic is misplaced, and telling. I stand by this review. At this time, I do not work for another "competing" business, and the review was written and based upon experiences I had PRIOR to my short stint working at a local bar, posted previously on my food blog. If my review were the only one like it, if it didn't have some grounding in real experiences that seem to be shared by other reviewers, and if the place I had worked at was truly "competing" with IRC, I could possibly understand the reason for his claim. But sadly, this review isn't the only negative review on here, and more often than not, restaurants only compete with themselves and their standards, which is what this review attempts to address. His claim is simply false. His implicit claim that my review is biased or a disingenuous business tactic is simply an attempt to attack the character of someone who has a particular experience different from the one he would like, and thus seeks to undermine the review. It also makes the claim that no one who works in a restaurant that he deems as "competing" with his should be able to write a review based on their experience. Fine. It's up to the readers anyway. IRC is not for everyone, obviously. No place is. The proof is in the pudding, so to speak. That said, his constant baiting with negative comments (posted on numerous other reviews) only points to his poor understanding of how a business is run, and is a part of the community. I have not been back to IRC since that brunch with the asinine pianist, over-priced "meh" food, and mediocre service, and I always left the door open that I might, but due to an exchange with the snarky owner wherein, without concern or apology for my experiences at IRC, my criticisms were simply, snidely dismissed as purely a competitive business tactic, I won't be back. Obviously his method of cherry picking positive reviews to consider, and lambasting all the rest is truly a far more praise-worthy business tactic.
Indian Road Cafe has great atmosphere and definitely feels like a community meet up spot. Good beer and wine selection. I would recommend going here for drinks and apps. The drip coffee always tastes bitter to me. Having had counter culture coffee a lot, I've not found this the case at other coffee shops or when I brew at home. The food overall is not bad but not super delicious. And for what is offered, is about $2 over priced on most items. The plus side is that they do offer some local and organic food, but the Cafe is still overpriced considering that point. I go here every so often. If it was more reasonably priced for the neighborhood and what they offer, I would probably go here more (especially since I live around the corner). So, overall...a fun place with some of priciest items in the hood but worth a visit now and again.
Indian Road Café took me out of Inwood and into a fresh and desired spot for American cuisine.  I had the Shrimp and Bacon sandwich for lunch that was accompanied by a mixed green salad and couscous.  Who does not love bacon wrapped shrimp?  The Chef here brought this combination into a sandwich with avocado, spicy mayo, and greens creating a lunch sandwich fit for a bacon and shrimp loving queen like myself! The salad and couscous accompanying the sandwich was a perfect pairing for a filling lunch.  To end my lunch I had a cup of cappuccino and a light pastry.  I can't wait to try out Indian Road Café for dinner!
If my last meal on earth was the eggs benedict and a cup of coffee from Indian Road Cafe, I'd say I'm going straight to heaven.  Literally blown away by their coffee and vibe.   It makes the trek to Inwood much more enjoyable.
We all have own version of the perfect brunch experience. For me it is a wide variety of breakfast dishes accompanied by jazz music in the the background. Indian Road goes on step further in that they have a live Jazz back dropping their great food and outstanding coffee. The only thing that was missing was a Blood Mary. They told me that they do not have their full liquor license yet. Hopefully next time.
I visited Indian Road Cafe when I lived in the Riverdale area, specifically between August and September of 2008. This place was a hidden gem. The salads were amazing, location is quiet, and the beers were plentiful. I'm sure since then this place has become more popular. I hope it's kept its original charm Ah, memories.
My favorite place to eat and drink in this area. This restaurant helped persuade me to move to this neighborhood three years ago. Brunch is spectacular and the drink menu is like no other.
A true gem.  Live free jazz on Fridays and Saturdays. Artisinal cheese plates from Arthur Avenue = win. Amazing selection of beers on tap and bottled.  They had Midas touch by Dogfish Head which is music to my tongue. The paninis were delicious. The staff was very friendly but not too attentive but stuff like that doesn't bother me. A great place to stop in if you want to make a day trip to Inwood and The Cloisters. Also a great place to take a classy lady. Thank you Indian Road Cafe.
Wow!  What a gem.  I wish I found it earlier.  Indian Road Cafe to me is such an incredible space.  It is a place to hang out sipping a hot drink and doing work on your laptop, it's a place to have some great wine and cheese with a date, to go for a terrific meal (you'll be guided in knowing what town your food came from), or listening to some music.  This is one of those great spaces that you don't find anymore in "the city."  The only thing I have ever been disappointed in were the desserts, but that is because I think some of them sit out all day.  Other than that, enjoy!
Remember that warm day we had over this past weekend? yea... after a cranky day at work boy, pup and I drove to IRC. Our plan was to order the strongest latte they have to de-crankify me, order portable food: pulled pork panino and burrito wrap to enjoy in the nearby park. The plan worked out marvelously, minus the timing. Boy, pup and I arrived at the tail end of brunch on a BEAUTIFUL Saturday and our take out order took a while, understandably... tidbit from boy: they have an open kitchen and pull their own meat. The Dish on the food: pulled pork was plentiful. I think the bread was Ciabatta bread, very good choice! Simple food, great taste. Greens salad tossed in a light vinaigrette. Now imagine eating this in the park, surrounded by happy families and pups. Like!
A great spot right by the entrance of Inwood Hill Park for a quick snack, drink, coffee, etc. After a long walk around the park, IRC was the perfect place to stop to grab a few ice coffees before we resumed our trek around Inwood. Seemed like a lot was going on here; brunch, folks were having drinks at a small bar and there was a small line, which we wait on, for coffee and pastries. The vibe seemed really cool in here and the seating they did have looked comfy. Would love to come back in again and scope out the food and drinks selection.
Walked in expecting to be seated only to be told at 4:01 that the kitchen was closed, so you could not seat us? What kind of crap is that There were plenty of other choices to be had until the kitchen re-opened at 5.  Not good customer Service. Will NEVER step foot in this place again, I happily walked to Broadway and spent my money somewhere it was appreciated.
We've been here twice for brunch. The first time we were seated at the bar and this awesome older gentleman took care of us. He was really sweet and answered all our questions. The second time we went with a party of 4 and we got seated at a lovely table by the window. the food was just as good as the first time. The only complaint I'd have is the coffee. Now, I love coffee and I usually drink at least 2 cups in the morning but for some reason the coffee here has a sour aftertaste and I wasn't to eager to drink a second cup. Maybe it's just not my taste since I seemed to be the only one at our table not liking it. In any case we will return for sure.
We live in nearby Washington Heights & love this charming place nestled by Inwood Hill Park.  It has such a groovy neighborhood-y vibe - a list of events, friendly employees, chill vibe, family-friendliness, live music.  The food is delicious - a lot of it is local &/or organic & you can taste that difference.  Note we have only been here for brunch.  The French toast (w/ cooked apples & raisins) & the reuben are yummy!  It can get a bit loud if you're seated RIGHT by the musician(s) (they've been pianists the times we were there) but that's not surprising.  They do have tasty prix fixe menus on like Mother's Day (which I enjoy but my husband prefers to order off the menu).  Really nice when the windows are open on a beautiful day.  An excellent eatery!  (Though I wish they had more than just one bathroom...)
If I would have wrote this review a year ago it would have been 5 stars, however recently they revised their menu and took off a few of my favorites (like an awesome tofu entree, very hard for a vegan like myself to find options up here), non the less its still good, brunch espcially (the piano player is awesome) great service, great with kids
Just the spot I was looking for! Last time i remember passing the corner of 218th st and Indian Road there was a dilapidated bodega (over 2 years ago). Months ago while looking through Yelp for restaurants/cafes around my neighborhood i came across indian road cafe, never looked into it further than that. This past Tuesday i was walking by the area and saw the cafe and it came back to me that i had read about it before. I went in and loved the look of the place from the moment i set foot in the cafe! Laid back attitude, the aroma of espresso in the air, a couple of people on their laptops enjoying the free wifi. spoke with the waitress there who was super nice and friendly sat me down and answered all my questions. I ended up having the Grilled Chicken Pita Club sandwhich. I'm very happy i did, when the dish came it had very sizeable portions for the price ($12). it included chicken, bacon, ham, swiss, provolone, tomato, field greens, honey-balsamic vinaigrette. the flavors all blended together incredibly well. i was only able to eat half of the pita sandwhich with the salad and saved the other half for dinner at home. Then came the pièce de résistance! The Cappuccino! i'm such a coffee addict.   Counter Culture Coffee supplies the Cafe with the goods. The cafe uses Counter Culture's custom blend for their espressos. The blend is called Espresso Toscano and their website describes the blend as: "A wonderful espresso roasted and blended in the caffe dolce or "sweet coffee" tradition of Central Italy. Sweet and mild, with notes of caramel, hazelnut, and dark chocolate, Toscano has built quite a following of professional baristas and home espresso enthusiasts alike." Those notes are EXACTLY what I tasted, I didn't even have to add sugar it was so sweet and also the perfect way to cap off my lunch.  The cafe sells Counter Culture's different blends there. I went back 2 days after and just sat down by the coffee bar and enjoyed another cappuccino while reading the New York Times quite peacefully. and Finally i went back this past Sunday to have brunch. I ended up having the Seaman Avenue Trucker's Breakfast ~ $14. It came with scrambled eggs, french toast, bacon, sausage, fingerling potatoes, toast and local maple syrup for the french toast. It was really good and THIS time ended it with a Latte. sooooooo good. Thank you Jason and Jason for opening this place, perfect local spot to come, relax, have good food, good coffee and good service. Consider me a regular. :) i rated 4 stars so far, i think it'll go up to 5 once i try other dishes (and espressos)
Good food, good prices and great coffee.  It really succeeds in being the inwood town hall.  I love coming here at quiet times (and yes, there are lots of quiet times), having a soup & coffee and working on my laptop.  I actually take the train up from 181 because this place has free wifi and great afternoon light.  Only thing I would change--you can only get your eggs scrambled at brunch! One would imagine the same attention to detail put in selecting coffee & beer and developing a satisfying menu would apply to egg preparation.
Delic!  My husband and I went there last night after doing some Christmas shopping and it was amazing!  Great food, wonderful wine/beer menu, delic coffee and just an all around good vibe.  We will be making the trek from Riverdale often!
Finally! A perfect al dente lobster mac-n-cheese that uses no nutmeg but the right sharp cheeses. However, don't try going to the BR at this place for the line is LOOOOONG. Only one stall for such a huge place that serves so much BEER?
What can I say? This place has it all! Great service, great food, and the coffee/ espresso is killer. I usually don't drink coffee or espresso but my wife convinced me to try one. Irvin served me up a cortado that was absolutely delicious. My wife loves the Mac and cheese and I recently had the BBQ panino. I substituted roasted potatoes for the salad and ate every last bit. This is easily my favorite spot in the neighborhood. Do yourself a favor and check it out!
Probably the most well known restaurant in Inwood.  The location is great, the decor is great, the food is great.  The prices are a little steep, but it's worth it for a special night out.
Like most Inwood residents, I love Indian Road Cafe and am grateful they're here, but I think they could use a shakeup.  Of the four or five times I've been to weekend brunch recently, my food has arrived at the table stone cold twice.  The English muffin I ordered with my eggs this morning was actually tough, as if it had been pre-toasted during prep for the Benedict's on the menu and thrown onto my plate in that condition hours later.  The eggs were tepid and undercooked, and the bacon was room temperature.  I have never not had to ask for butter, even when I've ordered pancakes; and by the way, what is it with the cinnamon and powdered sugar dusting on the plate rims that appears to be de rigueur with pancakes?  Clean plate rims, please.  And are the little hash brown hockey pucks even supposed to be edible?  This is a great little restaurant and an important local institution.  When it's good, it's very good, and when they get lazy it makes want to move.
Great place for doing work and having a yummy coffee or cheese plate
I've been meaning to check out Indian Road Cafe after reading the reviews on yelp! and I finally stopped in this afternoon.  I sat in the back mezzanine in a big comfy chair and settled in with a book. I ordered the hummus and pita appetizer, an iced coffee, and the chicken pita club.  The very generously portioned hummus was tangy and garlicky, really good!  The sandwich was alright, I think I would have preferred it on something other than pita, but it wasn't bad, just average.  I think next time I'm going to try their "summer salad" which sounded really good (spinach, watermelon, toasted pumpkin seeds, feta cheese, and the option to add grilled chicken). The iced coffee was fine, though a tad bitter.  Pretty sure it's hot coffee over ice, and I prefer cold drip, though I'm finding this isn't a common way to make iced coffee up here in the North (it's standard in my native New Orleans). The menu had a lot of really interesting options that I look forward to trying when I'm not by myself (cheese plates, assorted homemade pickles, etc), and they patron a lot of local dairies and farms for their produce and dairy products.  There are also plenty of vegetarian and vegan friendly menu options.  Also, a VERY extensive wine and beer list. I sat for a while and the waitstaff was happy to let me read while I ate slowly and drank my coffee.  There are laptop ports at the bar.  It's a bit dimly lit, but with the afternoon sun coming through the window there was perfectly adequate light to read by. It's great to know that they are there and I'll definitely be going back.  I am interested to try them for brunch.
Good brunch spot that benefits from being adjacent to Inwood Hill Park.  Dog friendly-ish.  There are water bowls outside the entrance for dogs and free milk bones.  The brunch options are somewhat limited but get the job done.  They serve good quality, thick cut bacon and good coffee.  I love their radicchio salad with parmesan, but haven't sampled any other dishes that stood out as much.  Stop in if you're in the neighborhood for a good breakfast.
Williamsburg in Inwood!! i just moved into inwood and decided to search for a good brunch place low and behold i found the indian road cafe,the place is in a very secluded area near baker field(columbia university football field),the place was packed but i only had to wait for 3 minutes for a table, in a nut shell having lived in williamsburg brooklyn for 8 years i felt strangely transformed back to williamsburg! The crowd was young and hip!! the food was great i ordered a scrambled egg and bacon on a bagel,it came with a salad and a watermelon slice and the mimosa was yummy!, after 10 min of eating live music appeared in the form of a piano player and patrons were invited up to sing their favorite tunes,laughing clapping and overall delight is the theme of this little hideaway in inwood,it represents a neighborhood that is making a great transition to a place i am glad to cal home!!  go there also for dinner and sweets the menu is supers and they use all locally grown products!!! awesome, i would have given it 5 stars but the service was a little slow overall i will be back again and again and again and you should go also..cheers!!
Love it there!!! Every time I go it reminds me of some place up here in Massachusetts.  I'm originally from Inwood NY and it's great to see a place like this up there, good food, good coffee,  good entertainment and the atmosphere  is wonderful.
Delicious coffee -plus the awesome guy in the morning draws pretty designs in the latte foam -your espresso has never looked so good. Lovely atmosphere. And I think the Lemon Teacake is the best I've ever had. #Win.
Love the atmosphere. A great place around the corner for any time of the day. It may be because of the great weather that day but everyone seemed so happy and in great spirits. Live music, good food, lively service.
Serves an excellent French Roast as Steve plays a few sing-along piano tunes on a Sunday.
A little hidden and parking is always an issue, but if you can get into this place, you are in for a treat.  Good, local, home cooked food.  Seasonal roasted veggie platter with grilled chicken in balsamic reduction is excellent, comes with a lot of food so probably can get two meals out of it.  Wine is good, people/staff are friendly and very community-type of feel, which is great.
Sunday brunch was great at the Indian Road Cafe. We got there around 1:00 pm and the place was busy. The wait was only 15 minutes or so before we were seated. The brunch menu offered a number of tasty options. I settled on the juevos rancheros and was pleased. I love everything about the place - the look, feel, ambiance, menu. The staff was friendly and laid back too. The only down side, and it's minor, is that it's not a quiet place so don't plan on an intimate conversation with muted tones.  I will definitely return, perhaps for dinner or for some of the live music they offer.
I am a resident of the neighborhood and brought 2 friends for dinner on a weekend night, hoping for a quiet-ish place to eat and talk. I have only been here a few times over the years, and never on a weekend. The noise level was unbelievable, so comfortable chat was out of the question. This is a family joint and there were tons of kids, crying babies and a pianist who played the oddest choice of music that was anything but inviting. The musical choices at times were puzzling and awful to listen to. The acoustics of the place enhance the sounds, so the din had us fleeing as soon as the check finally arrived, after 2 requests. Also, portions are a bit mingy - 3 people at a table and maybe 6 slices of thin bread and 2 pats of butter were offered while we waited for our orders. There should have been a bread plate for each of us and a basket of enticing breads, not the meagre sliced-up white roll with huge holes that we received. An entree arrived with a few leaves of lettuce - that's it. A disappointing evening, and we left to have dessert somewhere quieter (street sounds have never sounded better).
We've been twice.  Once on a Saturday night and once for brunch on Saturday.  Early Saturday night was packed and service was painfully slow.  What's worse, we had a toddler with us.  While it's kid friendly to an extent, slow service is never kid friendly!  However, the food was yummy and they comped us a round of drinks for the service issues.  Saturday brunch was much better.  Less crowded.  Piano playing.  Kid menu (at night too).  Food was again great.  Great coffee of course. Service was good too!  Highly recommend it if you're in that neck of the woods, just know it'sone of the few games in town up there so it can get crowded!
Absolutely love this place! Great crowd. Jason, the proprietor is always very attentive. I love the fact that I can keep my bulldog, Porkchop out front with a bowl of water while I enjoy brunch. The park across the street makes this a perfect spot for all seasons.
i went here for bfast last week with my sister, who lives in inwood.  it's a really nice, charming space perfect for a quiet, relaxing weekday bfast.  there is no table service at bfast, though i think there is for weekend brunch.  however, the barista guy who takes your order was extremely friendly and gracious.  he ran our food out to us when it was ready, brought us condiments, refilled our coffees ... basically acted like a very good server. i had the double decker, which is a bacon, egg, sausage and cheese sandwhich on english muffin.  obviously, it's heart friendly.  it was very good, but is no small undertaking.  you should definitely get it with a side of angioplasty, or at least a dose of lipitor.  the coffee is not for dunkin donuts coffee drinkers.  it's man's coffee -- very strong, but in a good way. it was such a chill and inviting place we sat and chatted for almost two hours.  i highly recommend swinging by!
I love this place! It's got great, fresh food and an awesome wine list. I usually go for brunch, which never disappoints. Local, organic selection, delicious coffee.   On the weekends, they usually have some kind of live music. Last time it was local opera singers...it was interesting.  A few months ago, my boyfriend got the duck and it was served with the most amazing mashed butternut squash. It was one of the best things I'd ever tasted. The curried chicken salad is to-die-for good, one of my fav's.
Enjoy coming here for breakfast when I visit my friend in NYC.  It feels very neigborhoody and the pace of life in this part of the city is much more relaxed and slow.   The chai's are delicious.
Really enjoyed this restaurant. This neighborhood really needed a good, reasonably priced restaurant. Salmon and spinach were cooked perfectly and mashed potatoes were delicious. Restaurant is very Berkeley, CA and most restaurants there are great.
Saturday brunch around 1:30 p.m. and there was a 20 minute wait. But the food was delicious. Scrambled eggs were good, vegan sausage was unusually good (nutty, wholesome, not too oily), and home fries made from small red potatoes were delicious. Not the best service ever, but not the worst either. Good music, nice vibe.
I came on a Sunday for brunch. They wasted no time in seating me. My waitress declined to serve me, and another waiter covered my table. He was very pleasant and served me quickly. I ordered the skirt steak and scrambled eggs, replacing fries with fresh tomatoes. I also added multi-grain toast. The steak was dry and completely unspectacular, a big disappointment. The toast was hard and maybe a little late out of the toaster! I expected more! Some reviewers made this one of their top 50 in New York but I disagree! The setting has much to offer, tucked away by the water, but you can't appreciate it unless you go outside. I give a star for my waiter. I take away two because it was smoky inside and made my eyes water. The food was a big disappointment, take a star! I will have to come back again, maybe it was an off Sunday morning.
It's Such a cool hide'N Spot. The park right across, Good Coffee. An now they have a full bar.
I've been here for brunch and lunch. The food is delicious, the service is great and place is really cute. It's an all-in-one cafe/bar/restaurant and a real pleasure to have in Inwood which doesn't have all that much to offer in terms of restaurants (though the situation is improving). This fast becoming my go to place in the neighborhood. Also the location shows off the best of what inwood has to offer.
Indian Road Cafe is the heart of the neighborhood life. It's a coffee bar, restaurant and wine bar. It offers live music on certain days and on weekends featuring local bands. I love this place. The neighborhood changed since they opened a few years ago. Now it's a hang out place and this is where you meet your neighbors. They offer great coffee from Counter Culture and their cappuccino is so much better than Starbucks. They also make very good muffins. I highly recommend for unique atmosphere and great coffee. And the location with the view on Inwood Hill Park.
Hands down the best coffee shop in Inwood, and maybe one of the best in Manhattan. Besides a great casual homey atmosphere next to beautiful Inwood Hill park, it has excellent Counter Culture coffee and tasty baked goods (housemade, Balthazar's and Arthur Ave) and breakfast options. Be warned, on a Sunday early afternoon you might have to stare down one of the sit-all-day-with-one-cup-of-coffee-and-a-laptop types that seem to have moved in in order to get a seat. The restaurant part is nice too, but I have found it to be a bit overpriced at times with inconsistent quality. Still overall good and likely that you'll have a great time with good food here for any meal. Service is almost always friendly and good, but sometimes a bit inattentive when they are busy. The menu is seasonal, sometimes rather inventive, and tends to use very high quality fresh local ingredients. Can make for a nice relaxing evening uptown. Feels a world away from all the other good options in Inwood and Manhattan, which is often a great thing when you need a nice night out without the stress of the hustle and bustle that sometimes comes with it.
WOW! WOW! This is the best coffee I have had East of the Mississippi!! And it has that feel too... I literally walked in and felt like I had been transported to Boulder, CO or Flagstaff, AZ ( SO FAR FROM A NY FEEL!).  Anyways don't take my word for it!  If you are craving the West Coast style coffee shop in quality and mood then look no further!
Awesome little bar/cafe in Inwood. I rarely travel up that way, but I went there last night to meet a friend and she suggested this place. The brews were delicious, the service was fine and the food was delicious.
First time to this place and we were pleasantly surprised. Close to home. Kind of the place one would expect to find in the West Village or Williamsburg. Lobster mini mac and cheese is a favorite. The Thai curry with chicken is really good too. Will definitely be back.
Pretty room, nice pastries, lots of choices, awesome bloody marys, terrific sandwiches, adults love it, kids love it, the local bicycle club meets at it...what's not to like? It's hard to think of anything that should be changed. Best in the area.
Oh, gentrification will leave no neighborhood untouched and this is true now of the belly of Inwood. Imagine walking through the center of the park and emerging on the opposite side near Columbia U. unscathed, surrounded by thirty somethings with their pets and eclectically dressed children running amok. All I could think was, "Ya no estamos en Kansas, Toto." I will blame the fact that I had the beginnings of a monster sinus cold on my down-tempo state of mind. The place was packed and there was a wait of 25 minutes for a table. The plates of food looked comforting and hearty, so it definitely seemed worth it, even with waiting by the swampy low tide shoreline. The less than appetizing smell did nothing to stave my hunger, which had peaked by the time we sat. After deciding what we wanted, the conversation distracted us from the fact that our food took well over another twenty some odd minutes to come to the table. My friends loved their meals and I instantly wished I had chosen something more proteiny-sausagey-starchy. My omelette was very good, but its accompaniments were leafy and light. I was still hungry. I sucked down the rest of my creamy latte and watched skillets of egg concoctions being brought to the adjacent table. Oh, my envy!!! This just means I have to go back and stuff my face like a lumberjack. En serio!!!
If you ever visit Inwood, this is the one spot you have to try. better yet you should just travel to Inwood just to eat here.  Food is awesome, staff is friendly.  The live music adds to the already awesome atmosphere.  my only complaint is that the specials can be hit or miss on the portion size (NOT THE DISH QUALITY!).
One of the reasons we moved to the neighborhood. Seriously. We came here for Saturday brunch while househunting, and felt we had found a place we could spend many meals. Its brunch menu is definitely its strong point. I love almost everything I've tried, and my sister appreciated their variety of vegan options. We've returned for lunch and dinner, but were a tad bit disappointed with the more limited options and what we selected. Service has also been hit or miss. I've also spent many mornings hanging out with my laptop, sipping iced coffee (so-so) and munching their enormous chocolate chip cookies (AMAZING, addictive, did I say amazing???). Table service starts at 11am, so you are welcome to warm the seats without pressure before then. The counter staff at the coffee bar is super nice, and I enjoy watching the steady stream of dogwalkers and other regulars who drop in and out. Definitely a hub of community activity. They host a variety of evening events too, and seem to have a pretty good beer selection, but I've yet to take advantage...
Bland and overpriced.
Hi Indian road today was the first time to your place because My friends talk me I was a gods restaurant but While the place was dirty  floor tables and made me wait 20 minutes when they had empty tables " thanks
My husband and I are regulars for the Uptown Cabaret (musical theater open mic night-- what's not to like?!) each month, and I believe that this is the best restaurant north of the GWB. Let's start with the drinks menu. Jesus Christ. Their selection of bottled beer alone is not for the faint of heart. Throw in vino, a huge selection of spirits, and delicious seasonal cocktails, and you've got yourself an overwhelming selection. (This is the husband, giving a shout-out to the selection of small-batch bourbons.) Next, the food menu. The food isn't fancy, but it is delicious. Plus, it's served to you by hands down the friendliest wait staff in Manhattan. But the real draw of Indian Road is how it's a community hub. Families with kids, hipsters with laptops, couples on date night, and downtown "tourists" wandering in from Inwood Hill Park all find a home here. There is something happening here every night of the week, from live music to trivia to movies to a knitting club. Local artists have their work on display. If you live in the neighborhood, you should be a regular. If you don't, it's worth the trip.
Well the story of how I ended up at this remote spot, and it is remote, starts in Knolls Crescent on the Bx10. Really spry older lady, in so many bright colors she could have a leprechaun in her clutch, was entertaining the passengers with her tales of being an entertainer. She then mentioned that a young woman should check out the open mic here. "I suggested it to the daughter of a friend of mine, and she found good husband material on night." Not that I'm good boyfriend, let alone husband material, but the vibe of the place seemed intriguing. So one afternoon when there was little to ignore actually doing, I decided to venture out to the sleepy little area right across the water. First impression is that the view from the park across the street is pretty. I could see the quiet little retirement community I call home high up on the cliff, windows like starlight reflecting in the river below. The place itself is really quaint, yes a lot of owners are hype to the appeal of wood and exposed brick. Good. The place feels like stepping backwards to a welcoming establishment rather than just a money maker. And the staff and management are really friendly. So the food. I tried two of their entrees. The portions are pretty small, so be prepared for that, but oohh so good. And that is how places like this thrive, that are distant from a main thoroughfare. Quality and word of mouth.
The lobster mac and cheese is divine. The pulled pork sandwich, marinated tofu steak and curry were tasty. They have an excellent selection of fancy beers, many of which come from New York state. Overall great service, inviting atmosphere and good food. Will definitely be back.
I came here for brunch a little while ago. It was pretty tasty, but nothing amazing. I will say it was completely packed and everyone else seemed to love it, so maybe I was just having a bad day! But the food really wasn't very unique or tasty, and there was a very long wait.
IRC is great for our neighborhood.  Generally the food and coffee are good. However, the service is poor at best.  For the most part all are friendly (except a few sullen baristas).  But, seriously IRC - just b/c you are the only game in town is NO excuse for laziness.   I waited 20 minutes to place my order during a slow Wednesday lunch.  20 minutes later it turns out my order had not been placed!  Meanwhile, I had never been given a menu but eventually did get a glass of water.  UNACCEPTABLE.   Also unacceptable - LAME PASTRIES AND DESSERTS. Get together, IRC!
Mini Lobster mac and cheese ($13) very tasty but too salty.  The alleged "salad" on the lunch menu really amounted to a tiny mound of mixed greens, on the same plate that was holding a piping hot skillet of mac and cheese. Better to serve it in a separate chilled bowl and truly upgrade it to an ample amount of veggies or not tout it as a salad. Grilled cheese was equally skimpy on the cheese.  Not a $11 sandwich. Tomato and cheddar omelette got good reviews from my dining companion. Coffee was good. Served in giant cup with chilled pewter mini-pitcher of milk.  But server never reappeared to offer a refill.  This restaurant clearly doesn't want people to mingle, because the menu warns there would have been a $1.25 surcharge for a refill. Iced green tea was well received. Worst part of our visit was the 15-minute bathroom line.  One toilet to handle a restaurant that can hold 50+ people is ridiculous.   Second eccentricity of this eatery is the standard practice of closing the kitchen for an hour or so between meals.  The server explained that having a small kitchen requires prep for the next menu.  Sounds like the owner is cheaping out and not paying prep staff to come in early to handle both breakfast and  lunch prep.  The result is long wait times for food during the early part of lunch or dinner.   Great ambiance and perfectly located in a terrific residential area bordering a park.  Owner has keyed in on consumer demand to eat food from local sources.
I just got back from Inwood w/my 3 year old son.  I went in to get me an iced coffee and him a choc chip cookie...$5.45 for this! The coffee was MEH!  My son loved the cookie.  Starbucks does not even charge 3.50 for a small iced coffee.  The vibe was not great and when I voiced my feelings that the coffee was over priced and not even tasty I was met w/a nasty attitude.   It looks like such a cool place, but I will not be returning, ever!   Such a shame
I have lived by IRC for the whole summer and only had coffee there once. I was feeling a bit lazy and so decided to have brunch there on a Sunday. I went alone (with a new book) and was seated immediately. The ambiance is great; there is nice cafe music playing in the background (or a live pianist), everyone has had their caffeine fixes and so are also happy. Ordered a chai latte which was ready quickly. It is the best chai latte I've had for quite some time. When it came to my table it was the perfect temperature and the flavors all came through just enough. I highly recommend going there if only for the chai latte. For food, I ordered the Homemade Corned Beef Eggs Benedict. So happy I ordered that! Everything about the eggs benedict was amazing: the perfect brunch food. The Parmesan hash that comes with it is a bit too crunch for my tastes, but is delightful with the hollandaise sauce and runny egg yolk. The waitress who served me was attentive but not over bearing. The busboy who cleared my table and provided me with water was very nice (and good looking). I am giving IRC 4/5 stars solely because it is a bit cramped in the dining area. Nothing unbearable, but it is noticeable when people brush past you when they walk by.
Four stars, but I'm grading on a neighborhood curve. Probably 3.5 is better. The coffee is excellent, the space is great, the location is beautiful, and the service has always been friendly. They do a lot of cute neighborhood things like host trivia nights and free coffee cuppings (more of those, please!). I went to a wine-tasting dinner here awhile back and it was fantastic. But there's always little things missing. A lot of the menu is just a little too fussy to be sustainable, I think - they get busy, and the execution lags the ambition. They use quality ingredients, and the presentation is nice, but sometimes the dishes are served lukewarm, or overcooked, or spiced oddly. The menu doesn't always cohere - the vegan offerings in particular seem like a stretch. (Banh mi? Fake gravy?) Still, at its best it's probably the best place in the neighborhood.
Indian Road Cafe is a great place for brunch on the weekends in the neighborhood. A bit out of the way down along the river in Inwood Park but a lovely walk +'great place to spend sometime after eating. Fantastic selection of vegetarian offerings. The vegan sausage patties are so satisfying! Drink offerings of both coffee/tea + spirits is great. Really wanted to give this 4 stars +'probably would have a year ago but feel the quality of food can be inconsistent, service off frequently + cleanliness of establishment heading downhill.  Eggs are sometimes cooked perfectly and sometimes not so much. Breakfast during the week is not as good as the weekend- after trying a few times- not again. The cafe seems to be getting a bit grimy both on the floor +'in the bathroom. The servers + staff at the coffee counter are not very friendly- it feels like they go out of their way to make customers wait + seem bothered to be serving them. Worth a visit for weekend brunch, dinner anytime or some drinks at the bar. Skip for weekday breakfast or a visit to the cafe.
I had the chicken pot pie and it was amazing! This place is very nice and I'm glad we have a restaurant like this in our area.
Favorite spot any time of day!! Has the feel of a New England restaurant- excellent good, coffee craft beer.  Fun live music too!
A bit further north in Manhattan than I usually go, but I highly recommend it. Food and atmosphere is always excellent, there hasn't been a time I've gone that I haven't thoroughly enjoined myself. I give this place an A+.
6:30 Dinner and music began at 8. We'll be back. Thanks!
I have been to IRC multiple times since it opened last summer, and am glad it seems to have become a popular local hang-out.  I had a lot of fun at a recent trivia night with a group of friends and a delicious slice of red velvet cake.  I love that the menu is seasonal with locally produced ingredients, but I do wish for just one or two more vegetarian options.  In the fall, I had the most delicious macro platter I have ever had, and the "pain perdu" for brunch has completely ruined any other French toast for me: it was that good.  I was recently disappointed by their Thai entree.  It wasn't bad but I'd rather have another macro platter appropriate to the season.  And their current French toast?  Well, again, it wasn't bad but couldn't compare with that pain perdu I ordered several times in the fall.   The service has always been extremely friendly and helpful but often very, very slow.  But I usually don't mind that because I enjoy relaxing in the atmosphere of the place.  I wouldn't recommend going there if you want quick service, though. The organic wine and coffee that I've had have been delicious.  A friend was impressed they had agave syrup to sweeten his coffee--a rarity in Inwood. I was disappointed once with their take-out container for my slice of cake: a plastic clam shell.  With all the emphasis on environmentally-friendly foods, I was expecting something slightly more environmentally friendly in their take-out containers, too.  (And a cardboard box keeps a slice of cake overnight just as well as a plastic clam shell.) Indian Road Cafe has been a great addition to Inwood and I hope it will be around for a long time (and I hope the macro platter and pain perdu will come back).
There are a lot of things to like about the place. The ambiance is perfect for a date--they frequently have live music, the place has a classy feel to it, etc.--plus they have a nice coffee shop section with moist, fresh cupcakes, and a bar with a respectable selection of alcoholic beverages. The coffee is good and served in huge mugs, plus they serve Harney & Sons tea, which is one of my favorite brands. Of the dishes they serve, I highly recommend the shrimp & bacon sandwich; the lobster mac & cheese is also quite good. There are a few caveats: First, avoid going there between 4 and 5 PM unless you're just coming for the coffee shop. This is when they shut the kitchen down in preparation for dinner service. Second, if you're going there for brunch, it may be wisest to wait until after 1 PM, or you may have to wait awhile for a table. Third, service can be a little slow--fine by me, but I've seen at least one kid throw a grand mal temper tantrum there because the wait for a table and the wait for food were just too long for him. Fourth, the portions for some of the dishes can be small for the price. The lobster mac & cheese is plentiful and filling, but the corned beef hash served at brunch, while tasty, looked more like a garnish than the star of the show to me. Finally, once last personal note: I miss the chili. IRC used to serve an incredible chili in a little crock draped with cheese with just the right level of spice and sides of pita bread, avocado, sour cream, brown rice, and pico de gallo. Alas, last I knew, it had disappeared from all of their menus. I'd be giving this place four stars instead of three if it were still there.
I LOVE going to the Indian Road Cafe and my most recent visit did not disappoint!  The food is delicious and the service has always been great. Try the corn beef hash benedict if you stop in for brunch.
Adore this place. Best brunch in the neighborhood by FAR. Worth the short walk over to the lovely Indian Road. Great coffee, usually great service, friendly staff, and the food is fabulous. Try the salmon or caprese poached eggs. Also adored the veggie pannini - they really elevated what I was expecting to be mediocre. Scrambled tofu is fantastic right now as well. I've seen people complain about the portions - they're portions we SHOULD be eating. Never feel guilty about joining the clean plate club here! It's nice there's usually a bit of fruit or salad with the brunch items. Really makes it feel fresh. I also love the seasonal ingredient dishes, and the music frequently playing. I've come here for dinner a few times as well. Lobster mac n cheese is bangin' and will keep you fed for days. I also attended two special meals here - Charlie Brown Christmas and Valentine's Day. Both were excellent, but not quite as good as brunch. Absolutely recommend a brunch here, and a light dinner is also great. A note about the service - if there's a wait, sit on the bench in the park and they'll call you when your table is ready. Additionally one time they lost my order here - took 50% off the bill and brought free mimosas for the table. That's what I call great service!
awesome food.  great decor, staff is always nice and helpful.  a little pricy but the food is worth it.  it's a little bit of a trek but well worth the trip.
Great vibe, friendly neighborhood place. Very good service. Great breakfasts. The lunch and dinner menu are mediocre however and overpriced, especially if you want something even vaguely healthy. Bad acoustics. Great craft beer menu.
i'd been aticipating the opening of the cafe for months,and now that it's here,i love it.it was hard at first to not think of the deli that was here,got a little confused that it was the same place.the cafe is quite lovely,feels almost like you're in a part of upper westchester,but in a good way.point is,it doesn't feel anything like the neighborhood i grew up in,and i couldn't be happier.once they open up the bar i'll definitely be there often.definitely a nice place to sit and read a book over a cappucino,which by the by,was delicious! my point of course being,if you can take the trip up here,definitely go to the cafe !
Eh. Not a huge fan of brunch. I ordered biscuits and gravy- salty My guy ordered pancakes- burnt and not fluffy. For the little guy- scrambled eggs and bacon. - best one out of 3 After a playful day in the park we decided to get brunch. So disappointed in it today. The kitchen moved very slow. Took us over 25 minutes to get our simple meals out that resulted in a not so good meal. Service was slow as well today too. Not a fan of brunch when the food comes out half ass.
This place is amazing.  San Francisco coffee shop vibe, right in Inwood.  It is a beautiful establishment with a friendly staff.  They have a wine list, a beer list and an artisanal cheese plate!  The French Press coffee is fantastic and they haven't let me down yet with their Lattes and Cappucino.  Plastic is welcomed with no minimum.  Go see! You'll like the place.
Cute place. Casual, comfortable, but crowded on weekends. The breakfast burrito hit the spot. Coffee was so so. The prices are very fair. I would come back.
A great neighborhood spot! Inwood's Cheers. Great food, nice people and welcoming atmosphere. Brunch is my favorite.
It's one of the nice  places  around in wood their melted cheese is very tasteful.  The view to the park is awesome. I recomiend this place
Nice bar and restaurant with regular events and entertainment. Can get a bit noisy when full. The bartenders are quite good and know what they are doing. You can eat at the bar, at pedestal tables and at conventional tables. The food is fine, but not impressive. I think they could use a little competition. There is a coffee and pastry bar as well and the baristas are no asset to the place - detached and indifferent people who seem not to like their job.
Indian road cafe has a great selection of beer and wine. The food was great and the service was top notch. The food came out very quick and their coffee was well done. Highly recommend!!
Overpriced, poorly thought out dishes and iffy service. I had the Arthur Avenue Chicken sandwich and my wife ordered the Frittata. The chicken sandwich is listed as sausage roasted with onions, peppers and thyme. What arrived was a pile of luke warm greasy strips of red pepper and onions over sausage that was warm in spots and ice cold in others. The whole thing was on a slice of cheap white bread that was absolutely soaked with oil. It was inedible and disgusting to even look at. My wife's frittata was around 10 dollars and it was basically an appetizer portion that involved no preparation and was only luke warm. It was clear that they had made a large Frittata hours ago and were just setting out small slices for each order with a tiny bit of green salad smothered in dressing on the side. I've worked in restaurants a lot in my life, so I know what goes on and what shouldn't go on in the kitchen. A frittata is a dish that needs to be made for each order otherwise the eggs have to be overcooked and dry out as it sits. It is not simply a quiche. As for the sausage dish, sausage is an oily thing as it is, so piling on top of it some onion and red peppers smothered in oil is a disaster. Not to mention that if the oil cools, the it loses all flavor. I returned the sausage after a few bits and they didn't make any trouble about it. They asked me if we wanted something instead but at that point we were too disappointed to order. We had been waiting to go to the cafe after hearing good things and had saved the occasion for my wife's birthday. Not a place I would return to or suggest to others. Update (later that week): I must add that the owner emailed me after I posted the above review and offered an apology for the bad experience.  It is reassuring to know that the owner really cares about the customers' experience and is devoted to offering quality cuisine. So, we will most likely try the cafe again. We may have hit a bad day or bad item on the menu and I believe they will really try to make things better there.
We just moved into this neighborhood and several of my friends told me about Indian Road Cafe. So we decided to give it a try and have lunch. The walk up to Indian Road Cafe through Isham Park was very enjoyable. And oh my, is this Indian Road Cafe situated in a beautiful part of Manhattan! Our server was absolutely friendly and accomodating, he took really good care of us and made us feel very comfortable. ( He had this incredible hairdo, kind of like a very cool and flowy looking mohawk...couldn't stop gawking at his hair). I ordered the lobster mac and cheese, DELICIOUS! And my husband ordered the CBLT sandwhich, YUMMY! We also had their super spicy Bloody Mary, SO GOOD! We ended with a cup of latte, omg, smoothest lattes ever... After lunch we strolled through Inwood Park and we felt so lucky that we have an establishment like Indian Road Cafe in our neighborhood. We will become regulars, that's for sure!
I've been back a few times since my first review and have been less enamored of the place. The service remains slow and unresponsive. The food seems to have  declined--don't know if they changed kitchen people. That wonderful salad I loved no longer seems to be on the menu; the omelets I've ordered have been decidedly mediocre. When I have had to ask for butter and jelly for my toast, I was brought foil-wrapped butter and grape jelly in a little plastic rectangle--the kind you would get in the worst kind of diner. Really, they should be able to get better jam/jelly and butter than that! Last time I was in, the place was filled with smoke from the kitchen--when we asked the waitress, she reacted as if this were a normal occurrence. The physical location is still pleasant but I doubt I'll make a special trip up there again.
While the dinner menu is brief, what they offer is done well.  Is it better to have a limited menu expertly done or an extensive menu done well?  Depends, I guess,  Indian Road Cafe is a good fit because we live miles away and don't often get to eat here.   The beer menu, however, is phenomenal.  I mean, DAMN!  I love very hoppy brews and they have some Indian Pale Ales that are worth the travel, as well as wheat, ambers, blonds, meads, lagers, you name it.
I see a lot of favorable reviews about Indian Rd, my meal was mediocre and there was no soap in the bathroom,  I asked 3 people working that night if they could put soap in the bathroom. The final answer was no. We don't have soap for the bathroom.  Very sad.
Came here for Sunday Brunch. If you come right at noon, expect at least 30 minute wait. The place is always packed. It's located in at the tip of manhattan, short swim and you are in the Bronx. It's a quiet area right by the park, but forget about trying to find parking, it's painful. Food: I had the eggs benedict and it was good, but it came out cold, like it was sitting out for a while. The portions are small, so I was a little disappointed with the experience. I hear good things about this place and I'm hoping that this was a one-off  mishap. I'm tempted to give it another shot, but don't think I'll be back for brunch.
Thank goodness Indian Road Cafe opened in Inwood.   We don't have anything like it in the neighborhood.  You are always warmly greeted.  It has terrific decor and a beautiful bar.  The food is thoughtful and delicious.  Always an interesting dish!  The staff is also charming.  I haven't taken advantage of the live music or events but hope to this summer.  Recommend highly!!!
The french pressed coffee is AMAZING!!!!!  this is an awesome chill spot for brunch or simply coffee
Had a breakfast burrito here. Pretty bland. Seems like a decent place for a cup of coffee but it wouldn't stand garner much attention if it were located in Manhattan. Atmosphere is non-descript.
One of my favorite spots uptown! Brunch and dinner are great, a little pricey but worth the deliciousness. Service has always been decent nothing fancy. Recommend the risotto! The atmosphere is nice, right by the water and park
This was our second attempt here, the first time we circled the neighborhood for one hour and half a tank of gas later still NO PARKING. As for our dinner here let me start bt saying thats this is one of the worst restaurants I have been to. We asked to sample a vodka and our waiter after giving us a"look" went to fetch our sample, he came back empty handed and half muttered"ughh i guess you cant".We ordered 3 appetizers( yes i realize they are meant for ONE person) still the portions were a disgrace,tiny, 2 bites and most!.One the cucumber salad came with hunks of unpeeled very seedy (read,,old) cucumber with a non specific vinegrette dressing which was hardly noticeble.The second was  baked tomatoe and goat cheese,although somewhat tasty it was very measly! Third was the duck roll, again not too tasty at all ,nothing sepcial and very small portion..TINY. Moving on to the entree, we ordered the lobster mac and cheese for 2, this time portion was fine, it was just a bland soupy mess with 2 nickle size pieces of lobster that we had to fish for in that all too runny cheese sauce.As for the atmosphere, I got an instant"this is not good vibe 2 steps in the door" and I was correct. Take home point...stay away..go elsewhere..kfc would have been better.
While the common view of Manhattan dining is typically seen as high-end, luxurious, expensive and ultra-modern, we forget that there are parts of the city that don't share these traits. Interestingly enough, the higher you go into Manhattan, the more residential it becomes, allowing you to see the beautiful fusion of classic Old New York architecture entwined with nature. If you go high up enough, just north of Washington Heights, you will find the sleepy neighborhood of Inwood. In many ways it is the antithesis of  the common perception of Manhattan and 'Manhattan life'. Upon first visit you will think you have entered another world. Like Inwood, the Indian Road Cafe is unassuming, non-pretentious, yet crafty, slightly bohemian and all around comforting and elegant. The restaurant does an excellent job at trying to keep its food and drinks locally stocked with many New York based vendors. Such attention to detail gives Northern Manhattanites a homey, pleasant and high quality dining experience. It is clear that this restaurant is deeply connected with its community and what you get as a result from this is the old world charm and appeal of Inwood residents. I have often found myself not wanting to leave because of how welcoming the area is. If I could describe the menu it would be hearty, comforting and yet often times simple. There are a wealth of items that can easily satisfy palates of all kinds. The same goes for the pastries. For you beer connoisseurs, the listings will dazzle you (trust me on that). If you are lucky enough, get a table near the window and catch a glimpse of the magical Inwood Hill Park. My dining experience has always been consistent and I easily recommend this establishment for anyone looking to escape the cliched hustle and bustle of downtown and/or are in search of something different on this unique island and throughout this expansive city. Sidenote: The restaurant also has a coffee bar and separate sitting area for laptop users or people who want a solo experience without wanting to take up a table. If you ever need to study here, this is the place to be. The sense of community in the restaurant is only matched by its dedication to the diversity of its neighborhood. Most importantly, these factors are exhibited in the food, giving the customer a taste of history and evolving trends in the local food scene. Just go.
Consistently good food. The ingredients taste fresh and the food is hearty.  The service can be a little iffy at times. Overall a must go in Inwood.
This is such a great restaurant with an extremely chill, laid-back atmosphere. The waiters are extremely nice and make you feel comfortable. Every time I go there's always live music, which is better than hearing someone's annoying playlist. The food is really good here. The lobster mac and cheese is delicious and I dare anyone to try to finish the whole plate by themselves...it fills you up like crazy! I've been here several times and I always get different dishes and I'm always satisfied. Only hiccup I've encountered was the last time I came...my friend ordered the meatloaf. The waiter screwed up her order but got mine right. We had to wait some more but to make up for his mistake the meatloaf was on the house, so that was pretty awesome. The meatloaf wasn't that great but it was near closing and it was free so I can't complain too much. Regardless, very reliable place with great food, different but good crowd, (And for a restaurant in Inwood that is always refreshing ) decor is great and their happy hour rocks. food 4.5/5 service 4/5 decor 5/5
Amazing / great / fantastic / local / cool vibe place to hang your hat and grab great grub and a kick ass martini.  Warm, delicious, comfort food.  The guacamole and chips rivals any place I have ever been!  Brunch is amazing as well.  Thank goodness it exists.  Been a savior for this mom of three to "run a quick errand" and slide up to the bar for some "Mommy time".  Jason, the owner is a welcoming presence and welcomes all walks of life.  It is a must visit!
With limited choices and limited parking in other parts of Inwood this place stands out. Food was excellent, so was service and value great for $. On Friday nights they had an excellent piano player.
Great food (Lobster Mac & Cheese).  Very friendly relaxed atmosphere.  Pretty authentic community hub.  Recommended if you find yourself in Inwood.
I've been here a few times now, as I am living in the neighborhood.  I was really excited about this restaurant after hearing about quiz nights and having friends highly recommend work or happy hour there.  I was however disappointed by the menu selection, the size of the food, and the pricing, and the service.   This redeeming factors are the following: the restaurant has menu options for children and encourages groups.  It is also a good place to go if you are not very hungry and want to use the wi-fi in a quiet atmosphere in the morning, or be part of the local community at a pub night.  The ambiance is nice because it borders the water and a park, and can occasionally open it's windows, so I would go explicitly for that rather than for the food.  The flip side of the poor service while eating is that after eating, you are not rushed out, which means that you can spend a chunk of time enjoying or relaxing with their happy hour specials if it happen to be that hour.
For Inwood, this place is a real gem. Great to go for a glass of wine, sit with your laptop and a cup of coffee, or a nice dinner out. The lobster mac n cheese to my favorite (though they go a bit light on the lobster). Staff is very nice - the place just has a really good vibe
This restaurant is THE place to be in the neighborhood. The menu is constantly changing so everything tastes fresh, but sometimes you might not get exactly what you're looking for. If you're coming during peak hours (Sunday brunch, Saturday dinner), the place can get packed and waits can be long, but during off hours it can be relaxing and intimate. Due to Inwood's recent baby boom, there are usually a lot of kids here, which is fine by me, but again, if it's a busy time there might be some competition for the high chairs. The servers do their best to accommodate the type of crowd, but sometimes they seem overwhelmed. They definitely cater to the local clientele, and the locals reward them by coming back again and again. As long as we're living here, I'm sure it'll be no different for us. P.S. Their Bloody Mary is S P I C Y. Awesomely, awesomely spicy.
I've been going to Indian Road Cafe pretty frequently since I moved into the neighborhood almost a year ago.  It has a lot of good things going for it.  The lobster mac and cheese is absolutely extraordinarily out of this world!  The chili is excellent, and I love a lot of their sandwiches too.  They have a great selection of wine and beer.  I think their Wednesday night trivia is a lot of fun too.  Service is generally pretty good. There are two downsides I have to comment on.  First, they have a lot of live music, which can be great...but sometimes it's way too loud for the space!  It can be a bit overwhelming!  And you don't always know when they're going to have it, so sometimes you show up wanting to make conversation with your dinner partners and have to shout at your waiter just to place your order.  But, really the big downside is that lately - in the past few months - they've started getting...well...stingier is the best word I can think of.  For example, a dish might say it comes with a side of rice...and you get like 1/4 cup of rice.  Or their chili - which I love - used to come with a handful of great sides - chopped onion, tomato, sour cream, avocado.  Now it doesn't come with the chopped onion or tomato.  I had a friend order something that came with chips, and when she asked for more, so that she could keep eating the dip, she was charged extra.  Little bummers.
It's a bit of a trek to get here from where I live, but I'm always satisfied when I make it up.  This time I shared the lemon meringue tart and German chocolate cake.  Both were extremely moist and delicious, as are their gluten-free options which I normally get when I'm better behaved.  And when I say shared, I mean I let my friend have a bite.  The staff is always friendly,  accommodating, and the perfect amount of quirky.  Aaaaand, they finally have almond milk!!!  I'll definitely be stopping by more often on my way to the woods!
Avoid this place by all means.  My husband and I didn't even get to try their food.  We got there and waited almost 20 minutes.  The "hostess" totally ignored us as if were invisible.  We tried to make eye contact with her, but she never cared enough to acknowledge us.  How rude!  So we walked out.  The "hostess" had this big clipboard as if she were working at Le Cirque.  Give me a break!  She seemed neurotic and schitzophrenic.  She should be fired immediately!  What a dump!  stay away!
My husband and I come here usually for brunch and We truly enjoy our visits. It's only 2 blocks from our house and we always feel so welcomed. It's a great local spot with a nice feel, great views. The customer service is always nice no matter how busy it gets. Most of there food comes from local farms and always comes fresh in its taste. Only reason for my 4 stars instead of 5 I wish they would add a little more choices to there menu and prices could be a bit cheaper for the amount of food they serve. Beer list is incredible by the way.
This was my second time dining at the Indian Road Cafe, in my new neighborhood of Inwood, there aren't a lot of other options for me to go to with my vegan roommate. The first time we went a week ago for brunch and my breakfast burrito was excellent. She had the scrambled tofu and voiced her complaints that it was under seasoned and overcooked, but we wrote it off as a fluke since her other times there had been pretty good. We went back on a Thursday night for dinner a week later. I had the "Fish and Chips" which was recommended to me from the server over the Lasagna (one can only imagine what that must have been like), as the dish I got, could only be equated to the breaded fish patties found in the frozen foods aisle. The "chips" where large slices of potato which were "baked" to a meal, dense, lukewarm, completely unseasoned stick- which, even when doused in ketchup was completely inedible. I ate most of the meal and didn't bother to send it back, since It seemed more the basic flaw of the choice of preparation (baking) and too large potato slices, then the execution that was the issue- and gave the waiter a standard tip though did mention my concerns about the quality of the meal for the price (18!!) All in all, SO disappointed. It's a wonderful space and vibe, but I'm done giving this place any more chances at getting the food right. My roommate had the Ban Mi, sandwich, and stated, though less vociferously then I, that her meal was also unsatisfactory.
I can't believe I have not reviewed Indian Road Cafe yet! I happen to have a ongoing work related project in the area and how lucky I was to have Indian Road Cafe within walking distance. Indian Road Cafe truly lives up to it's name in decor, as once you enter you smell fresh coffee and are presented with the warm and inviting homeyness of a good cafe. On the counter and chilled display case one's eyes are blissfully treated to various fresh pastries, such as brownies, cakes, cookies, croissants, muffins, scones, etc.  Their pastry selections vary by day it seems; probably determined by what their baker decides to bestow upon customers. I have tried the following: brownies, chocolate chip cookies, muffins, oatmeal raisin cookies,  and snickerdoodles.  Everything I've tried so far has been mouthwatering! My favorites have been the oatmeal raisin cookies and snickerdoodles. The oatmeal raisin cookies are surprisingly light, with awesome oatmeal texture and fresh raisins, and just rich enough to melt in your mouth with a nice cup of coffee. The Snickerdoodles are not overly sweet (which I've experienced in some bad store-bought variants) tending to tilt towards the cinnamon taste profile, which I love, since I'm a big cinnamon fan. I can't end this review without mentioning Indian Road Cafe's coffee.  I haven't tried any of their fancy offerings (I'm not a big fan of espressos, lattes, etc.), as I generally just like normal coffee with occasional flavorings like hazelnut, but their normal coffee is pretty damn awesome, The coffee is a flavorful nutty medium roast (based on my bad palate) that really intrigued me as it was very unique to my taste buds. Unfortunately being busy during work all of the time, I haven't been able to enjoy a sit down meal, so my review is based on the coffee and pastries that are beautifully displayed at the counter. I really have to experience lunch or dinner at Indian Road Cafe to see if their savory offerings can match their cafe and pastry goodness!
The food my friend and I had was bland, which must have been hard to accomplish given the great ingredients. I had the Banh Mi and my friend had the Cuban panino. Looks delicious, so we were so disappointed when it was almost tasteless. The place looks cool and comfy, and probably good for just tea or coffee. Good location too.
Went to Indian Road Cafe for brunch on a Sunday and because it had a vegan option on its menu.  I was disappointed by the block of tofu I was served.  Sorry, but my food had no taste, I had to use the hot sauce all over.  I do give them credit for having vegan options.
My wife and I just had dinner at the Indian Road Cafe, and the service and ambiance (romantic but casual) were perfect. I had the BBQ pulled pork sandwich with a nice glass of brut, and boy was that pork succulent! Very tender and perfectly seasoned. For dessert, I ordered the flourless chocolate cake - to die for - with a cup of very good coffee, the perfect complement. The only downside was that my wife ordered the Thai curry dish, which she says she could have had for Yummy Thai for half the price - and theirs is better. We will definitely come back for brunch, and for dinner once they change their menu (which I learned happens all the time).
This place is fine. The food is reliably decent, although the menu is kind of depressingly small. It's definitely overpriced, but they get away with it because they're one of the only vaguely hip places in a neighborhood with a bunch of vaguely hip people looking for a vaguely hip place to hang out. Table service has always been good, but the cafe service is consistently subpar. They're nice, it just seems like nobody up front knows the menu or how to work the register. All in all: stuck in Inwood and want to pay a little bit more than you normally would for okay food? Do it!
looked like a nice place for food.  i only tried the ice cream and that was good. will go back and try the other stuff. nice joint in the hood.
