I used to live right near an Ethiopian place last year and upon moving back to upstate NY have yet to have Ethiopian. Lucy's was a nice surprise and I was able to introduce my sister and a friend to Ethiopian cuisine. It's a very authentic, family-owned place. It was really quiet on the Sunday afternoon we went and basically had the whole place to ourselves. Ethiopian food is fantastic and Lucy's is no exception. Go and discover more about Ethiopian cuisine and some of the interesting ethnic groups living here in upstate NY.
Maybe this was an off day for them but i did not enjoy my visit at all. I got the the Bozema Shiro. The lamb was supposed to be cubed but all I got was mushy pile of sauce with tiny bit of lamb pieces that were not cubed. The person was busy so maybe he messed up the order. After eating this... I'm still hungry. It was a waste of 9 dollars and 30 minutes of waiting for food. However because everyone else seemed to like the food, I am open to giving this place another try
Love this place. Family owned by a kind and personable ethiopian family. The owner regularly talks with us and adds to our experience. The food is delicious and we'll priced. They will make it spicy on request and have a wonderful spicy oil salsa as a side to take it up a notch. If you can go at 430 on Saturday for traditional ethiopian coffee.
If you come up Delaware to Amherst St in mid winter, and you want to know where to go... there's a park with a lake which is frozen over, to the right, and there's this place, to the left. So in other words... Icy Righty, Lefty Lucy... ha... ha... ha... haa. I'm not really the best person to be reviewing Ethiopian food, honestly, because I was never crazy about it. The crumpet-like bread, it's interesting but I wouldn't say I love it. I think people who like sourdough are more likely to like it, because it does have a sour-y taste. And as for all the other stuff... some of the curries and veggies are interesting, but generally speaking I much prefer North African food and moreover, Middle Eastern and specifically Indian food, to Ethiopian. I think of those various types, Ethiopian is most similar to Indian. However all that changed when I tried Abyssinia in the West Side Bazaar, which is AMAZING. I know a lot of people really love Lucy (and I admit, I Love Lucy too, in a television sense... not really)... and I know she is a sweetheart... but the food is similar to other Ethiopian I've tried in the past (DC, Houston), which is a little bit Americanized, a little bland, and just not at all appealing to me. I wanted to love it, but the proof is in the pudding (not literally, in this case it's in the main course), in that I have had the leftovers from Lucy sitting in my fridge for several days now, and I just can't bring myself to eat them (yet) because I'm... well... just not that into you. I mean it. I mean the food. So while I would recommend it to Ethiopian lovers who want to try all the different (two or three, lol) Ethiopian places in town... the truth is that nothing comes close to Abyssinia in the Bazaar, and I don't find this food to be even half as good, as authentic, as delicious, as flavourful, as irresistible, you name it. But I genuinely hope everyone keeps going to Lucy as well, because restaurants like this are wonderful and rare and deserve your business and attention. I was going to give it a 5 just as a show of support, but I have to be honest... if Abyssinia is a 5, then this is a 2 or 3. But since Abyssinia is a 10 out of 5, simply constrained within the boundaries of Yelp's scale, then I can definitely live with giving Lucy and her lovely little place on Amherst St, a 4. Enjoy!
Love their food! One Lucy combo was enough for two! Hands only...enjoy haha
I always have a great meal here. The injera is perfect, huge and spongy as per usual. TThe last time i was here we were served family style and that was fun because we could all pick off all the plates. The bathroom is mysteriously through the kitchen so you just kind of uncomfortably walk through the smoke and steam filled kitchen to the only bathroom. I would recommend not sitting at one of the basket tables because they are an off eating height, though if you're just there for the excellent coffee go for the gold. The food is consistently good here but i would definitely not bring a picky eater here. Adventure lovers only. The place always serves delicious food and the staff is friendly and attentive but it is kind of short on things people except from restaurants. Like customer bathrooms, fountain drinks and sometimes silverware (ask and ye shall receive)
First time here, very impressed. Food was great, staff was welcoming and attentive. I will definitely be coming here again. I would recommend the Lucy's platter-- enough for two with leftovers!
We decided to check out Lucy's because we had heard very good reviews about it. It's a smaller restaurant with less than ten "tables" and Saturday nights get busy here. We ordered the veggie combo and chicken stewed. Both were delicious along with the injera. The staff was very friendly! You do have a little wait in between the time you order your meal and when it comes out but it is WELL worth the wait. They serve you a delicious tea following the meal that resembles chai. It was very creamy and very good. I highly recommend checking this place out.
My family is so excited to have delicious Ethiopian food at home in Buffalo, after having it in dozens of other cities for decades.  Lucy is perfect for us now, with an adult child having developed a need for gluten-free food.  Unfortunately, we didn't know on this, our first visit, that we need to call a day ahead for the gluten-free injera.  The owner offered to substitute rice with her entree, so we were all able to fully enjoy the lamb and the special tibs and the Kik Alicha.  We brought some friends who had never had Ethiopian food, and they enjoyed it very much. The service was warm and friendly, and the beverage selection was great. We will be back regularly.
The food is so amazing that we ended up asking them to CATER OUR WEDDING!!! I have never felt compelled to write a review before but Lucy deserves such praise that I feel I would be cheating them if I didn't.  So here goes. Sunday afternoon I strolled into Lucy with an adventurous friend. We proceeded to have one of the best meals we've ever shared. As we jumped around the large circular plate in front of us our mouths were delighted with highly nuanced and seductive flavors. It was so good that I ended up asking Aba if he would be able to cater our wedding. (Which they did a beyond amazing job for by the way). The coffee is perfect. It is seriously the perfect cup of coffee, it is divine and it is the perfect start to a Sunday morning or as a lead into a night of buffalo style heavy drinking.
Twas a great low-key experience for wicked cheap. The owner was really sweet. The bread was a bit thicker than other Ethiopian experiences I've had, which wasn't a bad thing. I can't wait to go back!
Ordered take out, therefore didn't get the proper presentation. But food was good.  I had ethiopian a couple times when I lived in Los Angeles and I think this place was the best I've tried. We did family style and tried both chicken dishes,  a lamb dish,  and a few vegetarian dishes.
We tried here when we visit buffalo, the restaurant is leisure with the pillows on the windowsill, ladies there are honest and modest.  The bread was a little bit sour than we think. I like the lamp very much.
Delicious food served by very kind people in a setting that leaves a lot to be desired. I am generally not a meat eater; but, their lamb with onions and tomatoes is just divine, as is the cabbage, red lentils, and collards. Be sure to ask for the two hot sauces on the side. They happily bring you as much injera (crepe like fermented bread made of teff) as you want. With very little effort they could vastly improve the environment: lower lights, paint the whole place a soothing color, and keep it a bit cleaner. That said, the karma and food keep me coming back.
HOLY CRAP.  SO GOOD. Before Buffalo had any Ethiopian restaurants, I only got some when in Philadelphia and Toronto... Lucy has them both beat. Heaven is Lucy Kitfo with extra cheese.
I delayed writing this review because I'm not sure how to put my experience into words.  I can't even begin to describe the food and explain how incredible it was.  We split a chicken dish, lamb dish and beef dish.  They all came out together with more sides and dips than we could consume.  All the sides were mouth-watering and almost more intriguing than the meat entrees themselves. The meat was all cooked perfectly - tender, lots of flavor.  The spicy is HOT so watch out.  But if you don't want spice on everything, they will leave it on the side for you. They aren't stingy with the extra "bread." A word of caution: you have to eat everything with your hands (which I found so fun!).  For that reason, you may want to go with people you know well and with whom you are very comfortable.  You will be sharing everything! As for interior, it is no-frills and small.  But in this case, when the food is so delicious, it is preferred.  A fancy interior would be very odd.  Instead, this space is cozy and intimate if not a bit quirky. Note: BYOB!!!
Oh man, I am so full. This place smells of delicious food and spices as soon as you walk in. The decor is quite different than I'm used to for tables and seating. They have traditional Ethiopian style tables, a low to the floor couch in the corner with a small table, and regular tables as well. There is also some nice soothing music in the background. The man who took care of us was very sweet and treated us well. We got seated within 30seconds, however the service is a bit slow. He gave us our menus, walked into the back, and it took a while for him to come back. We waited a while and he finally came back after 2 people walked in. He took our order, and it took about 20-30mins. The 2 people who came in got their food first. :( I hate that!! But I let it go because I did order a meat dish, and they only got veggie, so the extra 5 mins or so was okay. The food was very well presented and tasted fan-flippin'-tastic! NOTE: This is a FINGER FOOD DISH, but they have wet naps for all you neurotic-must-have-hands-super-clean people. Anywayyy, the lamb was so good! I added more spicy powder on top of it because I love spicy food. All the veggie dishes were delicious, the cabbage tastes sweet, the brown lentils had many delicious spices cooked into it, and the yellow split peas are so good especially if you grab some with the lamb. We also order a coffee which comes in these cute little cups. It's pretty strong tasting and bitter to me, but I don't generally like coffee without milk or sugar, so that's just me! I definitely will have to come here again to try the sambusas. I was too full to even think of trying it. LOL
I love Lucy. Let's get all of the obvious stuff out of the way. Yes, it's small. You will be very close to neighboring tables. You may not get the kind of doting service you're used to at other places. BUT The food is AMAZING! The coffee will knock your socks off! The prices are reasonable! I had the veggie combo and I ate it for two meals. I was a little hesitant about the "pancake" as I am very grateful for the modern marvel we call the fork, but in the end it was fun and different. I was also impressed that when they do vegetarian, they do vegan, too! The coffee came out towards the end of the meal, and my friend and I thought they might have forgotten about it, but the timing actually worked out perfectly. Luckily we also came at a time when only one other family was eating, so it wasn't too overwhelming. The five is for the food alone. Oh, the food! I can't wait to go back!
A girlfriend of mine had the idea to go here because she drove past it from school (Buffalo State). We are like partners in crime for yummy new places to eat. We walked in & had the best time right away. The people who worked there were eating & invited us to join in :) They were so nice & extremely helpful since we had no idea what to order for ourselves. He went through the menu in detail & showed us personally how to make the coffee. It was so nice & the best service I had ever encountered EVER! I recommend everything. Especially if you are a veggie AKA vegetarian. They have so many delicious options. Oh & by the way there are no utensils. EAT WITH YOUR HANDS! I love it. What a fun first date this would be!?! Please go here, it's awesome. ... xo
Located in the heart of the cool Black Rock neighborhood, Lucy is a treasure--great food, friendly service, and reasonable prices in a nice, casual atmosphere. It's not fancy, but it feels homey and smells divine. I recommend the vegetarian platter, a delicious array of lentil, potato, and cabbage dishes served on tangy injera. It's a more than generous portion for under $10. (As an aside: My book club picked Lucy for our discussion of a book set in Ethiopia--and at the conclusion of our meal the server actually asked how we liked the book, because he'd started reading it, too!)
What a quaint little authentic Ethiopian restaurant. Did I mention this was the first Ethiopian restaurant to open up in Buffalo? Now there are three. Bam, just like that. I've had a few experiences here. The first time I came in here to dine in, it was only a few weeks after they opened and it showed. There were a lot of kinks that still needed to be worked out. Our meal took a long time to come out and the atmosphere was lacking. I've since been back for take out and had some nice experiences, but I finally made my way back to dine in and give this place another chance. ...and my girlfriend and I left happy and full. We ordered a veggie platter to share and spent the next half hour eating the mix of lentils, curry type paste, veggies, spinach and other types of beans with our hands and the injera. We loved everything on the platter except the spinach and I even asked if they could add some beets to it (I love beets!) and they did and we appreciated it. Don't leave here without trying the tea. It was already sweetened, but it was oh so good. I could sip on that tea all day. The service was quick, prompt and pleasant. The ambiance inside is homey, ethnic, different and fun. The place is very reasonable and affordable. What are you waiting for?
Lucy, Lucy, Lucy - First of great catchy name, and then to learn, named after "Lucy" the oldest skeletal fossil found to date, in, of course, Ethiopia! en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lu… After reading all the reviews on yelp of Lucy's I knew I wanted to try it.  But who would come with me?  I don't know many people who are as adventuresome as I am food wise, and I know Ethiopian can be spicy.  I had some terrific Ethiopian over the years, starting in DC, then NYC.  I learned then that I like it.  And the eating with the hands!  Such fun, and such a mess.  But I do have high expectations as a result. We were actually planning on trying Sweetness 7 (the crepe one), but the zoo was busy that day, so there was no parking.  I suggested to my companion, CONFIDENT the answer would be no, that we try the Ethiopian place just above Wegmans on Amherst.  To my TOTAL surprise, he was game! So off we went on the Lucy adventure.   We were the second table seated, and the first were clearly "regulars".  Our window seat offered a nice view of Amherst, the fire house and the dragon in the parking lot of the Polish House there on the corner.  Entertaining.  While we were there the other tables all filled up, mostly with what seemed to be regulars.  Very nice to see so much repeat business. We ordered, one a sandwich, the other the chicken stew.  The sandwich came in bread (of course), perhaps a slightly more robust loaf than was needed, but the meat inside was well seasoned and tasted great.  Never mind the fries!  We loved those. The chicken stew was served, as customary, on the Ethiopian bread, which you then tear off and use to scoop up food.  Personally I loved it, but its not for the faint of heart spice wise.  The chicken was falling off the bone and so perfect. We had a water and a SWEET tea, which was indeed very good as reviews said, but SWEET. I cant wait to go back here and try the other Ethiopian places in town.   Staff very friendly. Update - after a note from the owner, as well as two comments from other, clearly reading the whole review, yelpers, I am pointing out parking is indeed available in the lot across the street from Lucy's.
Lucy is my favorite of the three Ethiopian places I have tried in Buffalo. My last visit there was the best yet and settled my vacillating mind on whether Gatur's might be better. Lucy is the only Ethiopian spot that flat out its vegetarian dishes are vegan. Traditional Ethiopian food it made with butter, so I wouldn't make any assumptions at another joint. The owners are delightful and the prices can't be beat.  Their main business is take-out but they have definitely spruced up the dining room in the year since they opened.  The owner waits on you, so keep in mind that he is not a waiter and won't get the table service you'd expect from an experienced server.  Drinks are serve yourself so you'll have to request tap water if you'd like it.  Otherwise, just grab what you want from the cooler. The veggie combo is great and the dishes vary from visit to visit with one or two that are consistent visit to visit. They almost never have the lentil sambussas, so call ahead if you'd like them. Four stars as compared to Ethiopian places nationwide, but five stars if you're only considering Buffalo.
What an incredible place.  What some would consider a "hole in the wall" kind of place, is what everyone should be out looking for in Buffalo.  New in the area, I'm on the lookout for such places where the looks may deceive. As much as I hope the word gets out, the owners will be soon having to expand if it does.  The seating is minimal and the overall feel minimalistic but the food is fantastic and the hospitality of Abba, the owner, is very generous and warm. After the freshly and expertly prepared meal (be patient, as you will be waiting), please make sure to order the traditional coffee--freshly roasted, steeped and presented in traditional Ethiopian form.  You will feel like you have been invited into their home. My parents came up to visit and we were very pleased to have happened upon Lucy Ethiopian.
Lucy's was the first Ethiopian restaurant to spring up in Buffalo, and it's the only one I'll ever visit. Do not trust anyone who says that they don't love it here; they're filthy, dirty liars. There are options for vegetarians and vegans, gluten free diets, people who love spicy food, people who are feeding a small army on a short budget, and adventurous eaters. And as someone with a BA in anthropology I am just tickled by the restaurant's name. My meat eating friends rave about the awaze tips. I guess they're beef, but I wouldn't know. I happen to be a vegetarian who loves dishes that are so spicy my nose runs, and Lucy's always obliges. I almost always order the misir wat (red lentil stew) or veggie combo. It's getting to the point where they don't even have to ask for my order. Yes, people, it's just that good.
I finally got to go to Lucy tonight! I've been dying to go after reading all the yelp reviews. - small dining area, limited seating - authentic atmosphere - super friendly owners Since it was my first time at an Ethiopian restaurant, I had tons of questions. The descriptions of each dish on the menu were vague, so I needed more explanations. The waiter (assuming is the husband) answered all of my questions and made some recommendations. Food: - Sambusa with Meat/Lentils - triangular pastry rolls filled with ground beef, lentils, onions, and jalapeno with a dipping sauce (75cents each): flavorful, a bit spicy, crispy, delicious, not greasy; sauce was also yummy! - Darek Tibs - fresh lamb (seasoned with a dry rub) stir fried with onion, tomatoes, and flavored with a special Lucy sauce ($10.99): so much flavor! a bit salty. the lamb was a tad overcooked, but still soooooo tasty!! Really enjoyed this dish! Easy to eat with your hands! The darek tibs comes on top of injera (flat bread).. - Injera - I couldn't stop nibbling at it even though I was stuffed. There's this mild tangy, vingery taste to it that is so appetizing! I absolutely loved it! It was so  much fun eating with my hands! (Moist towelettes and napkins are provided.) Kudos to the lady who cooks and maintains the front of the house! Very talented! I'll be back for sure!
My family and I love it here. The guy who owns the place is awesome, top notch host. You can go to a place, order food, eat and leave... but thats not how they do it in Ethiopia. Most authentic experience in Buffalo, decent food, good injera depending on when it was cooked. My family (includes two Ethiopians) love this place!
A welcome addition to the west side. I have to confess my ignorance - I've never had ethiopian food, so I can't comment on authenticity. That said, I really enjoyed what I had for first time in. I went with the Lucy sampler and an order of sambusas...the sampler platter was more than enough for two. The meal came on a bread that wasn't particularly flavorful but I had a light, crepe like texture. Feta cheese, beets and some beans were all fine, but the lamb stew that came in the middle of the plate was excellent, but not for the faint of heart as it was  very spicy. don't be fooled by the "special" coffee sign out front - the bunna coffee referenced isn't always available, so check before you order. Otherwise you'll be drinking a cup of strong folgers and disappointed like we were.   Overall. we really enjoyed our meal and will definitely be back.
Lucy's gets five stars from me because it is the only Ethiopian cuisine available in Buffalo.  The owners are friendly as all get out.  They definitely know how to put on a warm welcome and I am extremely appreciative of that, especially in a society where good customer service can make or break a food experience. I have the benefit of knowing the owners brother, Ziki, as one of my customers at work.  When he came through the other night to get his 8 shot Americano, he told me I should stop by.  I do what I mostly do when these things happen.  I exclaimed, "That place!  I want to go there!" and gave him a thumbs up.  I have only had Ethiopian food once, in Seattle, and it was a goat gravy that tasted like water.  This was retribution for it all. Oh the food.  Let's talk about it.  When I ordered I made mention that I like spicy food, and to give me whatever they would eat if it was one of them sitting at the table.  I am so glad I did so, because my vegetarian combo was perfect, as was the lamb dish my friend had.  The spices were fragrant.  The collard greens were absolutely wonderful.  And the lentils were just downright sinful, melting in my mouth handful after handful.  The injera was also perfect - not too sour, but enough of a bite to make you want more. They have a complimentary coffee event they do on Saturdays from 3-7pm.  Somehow, though, on a Sunday, they decided they were going to make a pot and let everyone in the restaurant have some.  I thought that was thoughtful of them. I'm impressed with Lucy's.  I love that even being so new, they have their wits about them and can run the place with a smile. Cash only, dine-in and take out.  Worth the trip to the atm, I can tell you that!
This is the best Ethiopian in Buffalo. Now granted, I have only had Ethiopian at one other place in Buffalo (or at all), but I have to say that the food here is beyond great! Seriously, I eat here every Saturday with my Girlfriend and our friend. The food is awesome, the coffee is awesome and the owners are awesome! Aside from being the best Ethiopian in Buffalo, this is easily one of the best restaurants in Buffalo!
I have to give Lucy a 5 star review, it was phenomenal and the service was above and beyond what may be perceived as a ghetto food joint. Granted, it isn't the fanciest of places in the best of neighborhoods, but it's well worth it. There wasn't a place to sit when we arrived, and had been planning this 5 person meal for a few weeks so we were definitely planning on sticking it out. It was pretty warm when we arrived inside the restaurant so we stood outdoors. We were quickly greeted by the owner who promptly cleaned up the first 2 person table as soon as it became available while we waited for the rest of our party. As more and more people showed up, he kept coming from somewhere in the back with extra chairs. Needless to say we squished together against the window seat but it was fine.   The owner even closed the door and put on the air conditioning for everyone to make it more comfortable. It was pretty obvious they were super busy and weren't anticipating such a response, but I can't blame them. Everything is made to order and no one seemed too upset about waiting. We got up and grabbed some waters out of the cooler as we waited until he came back to take our order. We had decided to order the Vegetarian Combo, 4 of them to split. I inquired as to whether or not they could make Sambussa's without the meat in it and he wasn't sure since they were already made. Not a big deal, but when he came back and said she would; I was pretty impressed. They are definitely all about giving everybody a good time and experience. Once we put in our order we didn't have to wait for very long to receive it. The vegetarian platter was pretty damn good. I can't comment on how it compared to other Ethiopian fare, since this was my first but I will definitely be trying more. The spice in the red lentils was super but maintained its flavor. The yellow lentils were creamy and sweet. To complete the platter we had marinated carrots, cabbage and collard greens. There wasn't anything on the plate that anyone didn't enjoy. They even put it all on one platter together for us for extra sharing fun. We had extra bread brought over when we needed it and we pretty much killed the entire thing it was so tasty. Everyone was well fed, and spent about $15 including tip; that's pretty good for a night out.! I'd like to come back on Saturdays for coffee and breakfast since that's the only time they do the traditional coffee serving. I foresee a couple visits in my future. Can't wait to try more things on the menu :)
Yummy! Do not let the hole in the wall decor put you off- the service & food is amazing.
I was glad that finally, an Ethiopian restaurant finally opened in Buffalo. It's always nice to have a new selection of ethnic food in this town. Granted, I don't have plenty of Ethiopian experience. I think the last time I have been to an Ethiopian restaurant was 4 years ago, in New York City. So, I have a vague idea of what to expect, but that's about it. So when we went there, we ordered the Lucy Combo and the Vegetarian Combo. They came out in two huge plates, with plenty of injera. Wow, that was good. I should warn people that this is food eaten with the hands. They provide plenty of wet wipes and napkins, so one just has to jump in and tear that injera and use it to pick up the delicious food that is arranged on the plate. As we were waiting, they also served dark strong Ethiopian coffee, to those who wanted it. I actually liked that. I think that was a nice touch. A few words regarding the location and ambiance: this restaurant is located in Balck Rock, at the corner of Amherst and Grant Street, just north of the Scajaquada. They only have about 5 tables to sit, it is very small, yet the food is quite authentic in my opinion. Not a lot of staff, it seems that this is a family-run business, so the wait was longer than I was used to, but I didn't mind it at all. Overall, I was glad we went here. I'm looking forward to heading back there again, and trying their other items on the menu.
I wanted to give one but only if 0 was an option so here we go... I've been to Lucy's 3 times now because of the reviews on here and Urban Spoon.  I don't get it- I thought I was crazy but no.  I wish the other folks I spoke with who agreed with me would review too because being the only negative reviewer bothers me a tad.  Anyways, so here it is: I LOVE Ethiopian.  I first fell in love with it at a buffet in Columbus, then I ordered take-out 2-3 times a week when I lived in D.C.  In 2010 when my husband and I moved to Uganda for a short time we were really treated- there are many Ethiopians there and great options for food.  Anyhow fast forward to Buffalo, we drove to Rochester in December for my birthday and have taken Toronto trips for the same reason- we love Ethiopian... SO here comes Lucy's - I think I was there the 2nd day (I know I was late!) and I was disappointed.  I went with a friend and her response- "its ok". Ethiopian should NOT be ok.  The service was ok but I was definitely missing the warm welcome and catering service usually experienced in Ethiopian restaraunts- but it was the first day.   Then I decided I must be wrong, so I tried again.  Something definitely felt off about the Shiro and the greens and yellow lentils were bland.   Oh and I waited 1.5 hours for the take out veggie platter.  Uh really? Last time... I ordered this last time because of how many reviews I read including from some "seasoned" Ethiopian eaters... Also because I DO love the sambusas which are not typically found in Ethiopian restaurants. The sambusas were good but after picking at the meal both my husband and I threw them away- eew. So there we go, I did give it another go at the Diversity Fest and it was a bit better but I don't feel like compromising with my favorite cuisine. p.s. I hate being so negative so let me sum up the couple positives.  Abba is really friendly and  the Sambusas are wonderful and fresh.
My wife has been waiting for years for an Ethopian place in Buffalo, so we stopped in for lunch when we heard it was open.  We split chicken and lentel dishes.  Both were great; extremely flavorful and not too greasy.  The injera was soft, spongy and a little tangy.   The amenities are spartan, but the owner is really friendly.  We're looking forward to going back.
Amazing and they deliver to Gates Circle... maybe further.... Super friendly staff... just wish I had a menu. Food came not smoking hot but it was expected.... Looking forward to see if they will make it to the Buffalo Niagara Medical Campus.. they would be a massive hit! Thumbs Up!
My husband and I finally tried Lucy's last night and it was really good. This is not our first Ethiopian experience, as we ate at Wass's in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada last summer. Lucy's did not rival that experience but it is great to have an Ethiopian place so close to home. At Lucy's we shared one of the lamb stews with a side of split yellow peas. The lamb was stewed with tomatoes, onions and peppers as well as rosemary and other herbs. There was also a red pepper sauce on the side that packed some serious heat.  The lamb itself was a bit tough but still very palatable. The yellow peas had a nice earthy flavor and helped balance the heat of the stew and side sauce. The dish also came with a simple salad of lettuce, tomato and red onion in a light refreshing dressing. The injera (bread) was a great texture but a bit less sour than what we have had in the past. Overall, it was a very satisfying meal for a really good price. We will definitely be eating here again.
I have eaten Ethiopian many times in Washington DC, and am so happy that a few restaurants have sprouted up in Buffalo, where our cuisine options can get stale fast.  Ethiopian food is wonderful and unique, with familiar ingredients but unique tastes.  The communal type of eating is so refreshing.  The lentils, spicy lamb and greens were my favorite.  4 of us ate royally for about $50 - great deal. Abba is such a wonderful host and gracious person.  We talked about Soccer and work and life in general.  We were made to feel at home.   Plus, Ethiopian Coffee.  Duh?  Abba made us a wonderful pot of coffee - for free as Saturday is happy hour which means free coffee - and he showed us the entire process started from fresh green coffee beans.  Loved it.  Might be the best cups of coffee in Buffalo and made with an unreasonable amount of love and attention. We will be back for the food and the company.  Definitely give this place a try.
I have to upgrade Lucy to a full five stars after my most recent experience. Service/ambiance - Not only was the service excellent - co-owner Naima is such a friendly, laid back person and so helpful with "newbies" to the cuisine - but her meal suggestions were completely off the hook. She explained in detail spice levels, ingredients and preparation methods for several dishes and beverages, and even I (not new to the cuisine) learned a thing or two. Some minor upgrades have been made in seating and decor since my last visit that compliment the space and I really enjoyed the addition of an African food and beauty products area (more space was made by downsizing the pay station). Food - One of my cohorts and myself, on Naima's suggestion, got an amazing combination platter (the first item listed under lamb). For a mere $12.99 I received what was easily 5+ pounds of food - three different kinds of lentils,a carrot and onion dish, homestyle cheese (think feta but lighter and made from cow milk), beets (I NEVER eat beets, one of the few foods I typically hate, and these were awesome), spicy tomato salad, collards, with generous heaps of two different lamb dishes in the center (check out my photo). It was all absolutely amazing! Perfect textures, flavors, just the right amount of heat in everything for me (except the tomato salad, which is traditionally super spicy and though it was ultra-tasty I wussied out and didn't much of it). Plenty of extra injera was brought when requested, no charge, and Naima gave us a free order or vegetarian sambusas to go with the meat ones we ordered so we could "try something new." FYI, sambusas are basically a cross between Indian samosas and Thai/Burmese samusas - larger and more round like samosa, but crispy,flaky exterior like samusa. The vegetarian ones were absolutely AMAZING, with a variety of veggies inside and a great heat. I never realized (silly me) that chai is popular in so many cultures away from South Asia - it is also consumed regularly in parts of Africa, but without the steamed milk associated with Indian chai. It's also much sweeter than I've typically had Indian chai. I don't know if it was the quality of the product or the skill of the maker, but the tea was like LIQUID CRACK. It was INSANELY good. We were all oohing and aahing over it and demaned another to go, insisting before Naima could even speak that we didn't care if we had to pay full price for a second. I could see myself just popping in here to get a tea to go rather than going to a coffee shop - it was that good. If you haven't been here yet - DO IT DO IT DO IT. Don't be scared you have to eat with your hands or you can't identify everything on your plate; Naima will give you wetnaps and tell you what everything is! I promise you can't NOT like it (I used a double negative; that's how strong I feel). Also, some folks have mentioned parking being an issue. The lot around Burger King/Tops is open for people to park in regardless of what business they are patronizing. There are no signs posted to the contrary and I have been parking near BK for years to go to No 1 Kitchen (before it went downhill) and other area businesses on Amherst. They also serve ultra cheap breakfasts that I can't wait to sample.
Being from Ethiopia myself I have very high standards for Ethiopian food. Lucy met them all! I was visiting the area from Washington DC and met a friend here for lunch. As soon as I set foot in this cozy establishment I was greeted by the owner and his daughter. They were genuinely friendly and attentive throughout our meal. We ordered the doro wot, tibs and sambusas which were all out of this world. Everything came out hot and fresh from the kitchen. We finished our meal with a cup of Ethiopian style coffee (buna). Slow roasted liquid from heaven. If you are near by and hungry this place is a MUST! Will not eat anywhere else when I come back to town.. I feel at home here and it is just as good as my Mom makes it (shhhh..she doesnt know about yelp).
OH! MY! GOD!!  This place is great!  My mouth is happy.... my belly is happy... my soul is happy too! I ate here earlier this evening with my "Taste of Diversity Group" (SERIOUSLY.... and, I don't know if belonging to all of these groups makes me way cool...or a total dork).  There were 6 of us at the table (well, two little tables pushed together) and everyone enjoyed their food as much as I did. It's a teeny-tiny place in a store front with about 5 tables.  It's owned by a couple.  He takes the orders and she makes the food and they both bring it out and take care of the cash register. And, they're super friendly.  And, the place is open every day from 7 am until 10 pm....and they didn't even seem tired.  Maybe it's all that healthy food. They serve traditional Ethiopian food... both vegetarian and meat dishes.  And you eat it in the traditional Ethiopian way... no utensils.  You just break off little pieces of "Injera" (kind of a cross between a flat bread and a very large buckwheat crepe) and use it to scoop up the food.  Yummy AND fun! I started with a "Sambusa" which is a triangular pastry roll filled with lentils, onions, jalapeno peppers, and meat).  It was a nice way to start my meal.  Then it was onto the main course.  I opted for the "Veggie Combo" which is supposed to have four different veggie items served (artistically) over Injera.  BONUS!  I was given six items.  I really don't know which I liked the best.  They were all so delicious!  The "Misir Wat" was lentils cooked with red peppers and onions and homemade spices.  The "Kik Alicha" was yellow split peas cooked with onions, garlic, and peppers.   The "Shiro Stew" was potato cubes and carrots cooked in a mild sauce of onion, garlic, and ginger.   The "Fosolia" was string beans and carrots, onion, and garlic sauteed in a blend of Ethiopian spices.  And then there was a mixture of cabbage, onions and spices and one of spinach and garlic, both of which weren't even on the menu, but were both SO DELICIOUS! I washed everything down with the most delicious tea I've ever had.  I don't even know what was in that tea, but it tasted kind of like a blend of black, red, and chai teas with cloves and honey.  YUM!  I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK!!!
This place was great!!!!!!  The food was delicious and the two people who were running it were so friendly and welcoming.  Everyone should give it a try!   It was their first day open today and the credit card machine wasn't up and running yet, but should be by the end of the day.
I Love Lucy! Don't go if you're in a huge rush, it takes some time here. It's a small restaurant, but there are tables of different sizes to accommodate. Expect a leisurely dining experience. Great food, amazing spices and flavors. Abba, the owner, is friendly and has a great memory. If you go once, he'll likely remember you the next time you're in (and maybe even what you ordered). The menu isn't huge, but there are plenty of options and vegetarians will be very pleased as well. Note for those who are new to Ethiopian food: meals aren't served with utensils. The traditional Injera (delicious, spongy flat-bread) is used to scoop the food for eating. I have heard customers ask for utensils and the owners will oblige, but , really...try to do without. I have yet to try the coffee but I hear it's wonderful. If you've never tried Ethiopian food but have been wondering about it, go see the nice folks at Lucy!
chmp! the veggie platter is vegan and comes to around $10. The injera is so spongy and delicious, youll shove your large plate of mushy food right into your mouth. mmm! The owners are the nicest people in the world and I'm excited to support this new business.
"Picture yourself in a boat on a river, With tangerine trees and marmalade skies..." I'm a little embarrassed to admit that up until last week I have never had Ethiopian cuisine before, and Lucy was an EXCELLENT introduction to the same!!  I tend to be a very adventurous eater, but it is VERY difficult to get someone to eat Ethiopian cuisine with you, especially when you explain to them there is NO silverware (though I will admit the steady supply of wet naps did help tremendously).  What made matters even worse is that one of my favorite dining buddies (a noted Buffalo oncologist) had a very bad experience with Ethiopian food in the past (I'm assuming "the squirts"...but he won't confirm that) and was not very excited to relive the experience, as evidenced by his comparison of his past experience with things we had witnessed together while watching the Walking Dead on AMC.  So when I presented the opportunity to dine Abyssinian style...I was given some hesitant looks and I had to do some convincing.  As a side note, I also brought along my girlfriend and the "halfling" (her 7 year old), whom we had to convince that Lucy was an Indian restaurant as to avoid a barrage of "I don't like it[s]."  I will remark that the ability to eat your own plate ranked very high with the little fella. Needless to say we finally made it to Lucy, which I found out was named for the hominid found in Ethiopia (now that's dry aged meat!!). I will mention that we had a difficult time with the menu, mostly because of language barriers.  The very friendly gentleman (I'm assuming the owner) who waited on us did not speak English very well.  We ordered a bunch of items, but he kept pushing the sampler platter on us.  I'm not sure if we got the sampler platter or the items we ordered...but for the sake of this review I'll assume it was a hybrid of both.  I'll also point out that they still do not serve the advertised specialty "Bunna Coffee" which was also significantly missing as reference in Joe P.'s review of Lucy below.  Finally, the one thing I was looking forward to was Sambusas (mini meat pies) and they were also out of those also. However, with all of the complaints out of the way, the food was excellent.  It all came in a giant dish layered in injera (a thick crepe like bread used to eat your food).  The Injera was excellent and all of the oil and goodness seeped through creating a wonderful scarpetta (look it up...its Italian).  As for the meals I am sure we got the chicken stew which was wonderful!!  The sauce reminded me of a Mexican chocolate mole, very thick and lots of flavor.  This mole covered a leg of chicken and a hard boiled egg.  We also ordered the Bozena Shiro (which I don't think we got).  Instead an ocher-colored vegetarian dish was served that was spicy and delicious.  I'd love to tell you what it was but I just could not get an adequate response out of the waiter.   Next on the plate was the Ye Beg Derek Tibs, which was basically crispy sauteed bits of lamb with onions, tomatoes and jalapeños.  This was my favorite of all the dishes.   The lamb meat was perfectly prepared and not a hint of the "piss" flavor which tends to happen with bad cuts of meat (I know a bit graphic but you get my gist).  Finally we ordered the Kifto sandwich, which turned out to be basically a Mike's Giant Sub steak and cheese sub minus the cheese.  Not too much flavor in the ground meat.  It was tasty but did not really match the wonderful strong flavors that were present in the rest of the meal.   Being a Ethiopian virgin I can not compare this to other Ethiopian restaurants but what I can say is that it was delicious, as unanimously agreed by all of the diners in my party (even the aforementioned oncologist with the preconceived hatred of the cuisine).  I could not be more excited Ethiopian cuisine has finally made its way to Buffalo and I would strongly encourage people to try the same.  If you like Indian food you have already made the leap as there are many similarities.  To sum it up: I LOVE LUCY!!
This was my first time trying Ethiopian and I can't believe I haven't tried this sooner! I tried the kitfo sandwich--I had asked to try it raw, but the owner suggested I try it medium first to make sure I liked it. I took his advice and wasn't disappointed. The spice was delicious, however the meat/bread ratio was a bit heavy on the bread side so next time I will forego the sandwich. My cousin tried the veggie platter which was absolutely delicious. We also had collard greens on the side which were well seasoned and not at all bitter. If you like strong coffee, definitely finish your meal with a pot of coffee. It takes a bit for it to prepare, but it's worth the wait.  After we had spent about an hour and a half there the owner opened up and chatted a lot with us about their food, coffee, traditions, etc.  All in all it was an enjoyable experience and I can't wait to return!
We LOVE Lucy's.  We have been here numerous times and have had nothing but positive experiences.  The owner is fabulously nice.  Interacts with our children, helped my wife with making Ethiopian at home..even shared some of his breakfast with us!  We'll keep coming back again and again for sure.
My favorite place to eat in Buffalo! I'm vegan and have a lot of food allergies, so Ethiopian is perfect for me. The food is among the best Ethiopian I've had, and definitely the best in Buffalo. I get the veggie combo and it's perfect every time. The couple who own the place are wonderful. They're so sweet and appreciative, hard working, and they always recognize me. It's also so inexpensive. The portions are very generous. It's just fantastic. I've taken so many people here. Support this business!
I absolutely enjoyed this place! From the minute you walk in you smell a terrific aroma of spices, to the minute you leave with a full belly of interesting and delicious food. The staff is very sweet and informative. I ordered the Lucy combo and a traditional coffee... Can i say that honestly it was the BEST coffee i EVER had! And was totally worth the wait! The platter was full of many different flavors and you eat with your hands in which i think would be a great place to go on a date because its nonstop conversation just alone about the food. If you order the platter, you defiantly can share it with your partner! Also next time i go i would like to sit at the little round basket tables! It was quit the experience!
The only other time I had Ethiopian cuisine was in New York City, and Lucy's was pretty good (but not better than in NY). The waitress/owner was very nice and answered any questions we had.
If you're looking for Ethiopian cuisine, Lucy's is definitely a choice that you couldn't go wrong with. Pros: -Authentic atmosphere -Very friendly and understanding owners who are willing to spend the time to point out some great choices, especially for beginners to the cuisine -Consistently good -Inexpensive Cons: -Small seating area -An authentic/casual atmosphere (could be a small shock if you're not used to African culture, in that random friends of the owners/patrons may come over and talk to you, take your order and such) Basically if you're used to "fine" dining, this may be a small shocker to you, especially if you're used to being waited on hand and foot Food you can't go wrong with: -The veggie combo is a fantastic thing to get, both as a main entree or as a side to a meat dish. Note of caution, the veggie combo is quite large, and with some extra Injera (Ethiopian flatbread) could easily feed two people -Awazie Beef Tibs - marinated beef with tomato and garlic, fantastic flavor, although beware, the special red hot sauce really brings a kick -Sambusas- fantastic pastries filled with ground beef and lentils, and runs out quick. Of the 4 times I've been there, they've been out twice. -Lega (Lamb) Tibs - Lamb sauteed with spices, onion and butter, personally not a huge lamb fan, but the people I went all loved it, and I found it one of the better lamb dishes I've had Overall a very friendly, inexpensive and consistently enjoyable place to go. Definitely a place I return to and bring any friends who like/or would like to try Ethiopian
After much clamoring, Buffalo has finally landed itself its first Ethiopian restaurant.  Filling in the vacancy left by the former Experiencia Latina, Lucy Ethiopian Cuisine is easily accessible right off the Grant exit off the 198 in the up-and-coming Blackrock neighborhood.   On first impression, they put more effort into decorating the place than EL but it still definitely has the feel of cheap/ghetto.  There were about 5-6 full tables and other customers had to awkwardly stand/sit in the middle of the restaurant waiting for a seat.  I felt bad for the co-owner who definitely seemed to have trouble keeping up w/ the flow of service.  We asked for cups of tap water multiple times and never got it and ended up just taking (and paying for) 2 bottles from the cooler we were sitting next to.  At least we did get two alcohol wipes each as Ethiopian food is eaten w/o utensils and the spongy/sour injera flatbread that the food is served on doubles as a feeding vessel.  But definitely something to consider if you're a germaphobe. The wait time to get your food was also substantial - understandable since everything seems homemade but other tables that were seated after us were getting served before us which I didn't quite get. My guest's veggie combo finally came out about 30 min. after ordering and was barely lukewarm.  At the same time, we're stuck in the awkward position of either wait for me to get my food or for her to just start eating.  We waited maybe 5-10 minutes before we decided she should just go ahead and start picking away at her tepid food which was getting colder by the second.  We weren't sure if it was supposed to come this way but after looking at other tables' steaming plates, we asked them to heat it back up.  Subsequently, my dish of Darek Lamb Tibs came out (grilled lamb w/ onions/tomatoes) w/ a side salad came out and now I was stuck in the awkward position of waiting or eating.  It took at least another 15-20 minutes for the new, completely remade veggie platter to come back.  So OK we can finally eat and while my lamb tips were decent, the veggie platter was bland and lacked spice.  It became such a challenge to eat it that we didn't even end up eating half of it which we felt terrible for since they had remade it.  As we left to pay, the female co-owner and chef came out and noticed that we didn't finish it and apologized profusely saying they would've gladly piled on more spice but they generally shy away from it b/c they don't think most ppl can handle it.  Anyways, that gesture alone made a huge difference in how we felt about the place.  Hopefully, improvements can be made b/c Ethiopian cuisine is definitely something that's exciting that a lot of Buffalonians are eager to try.
Always love the food here. Just not the best place if you're in a rush. Coming from my wife and I who lived in Ethiopia for a number of years, we'd say this place has a true Ethiopian atmosphere! The injera is always fresh and the meals are cooked perfectly. A welcome addition to the restaurant scene in Buffalo.
Atmosphere: Warm, friendly. Nice decorations. Seems spacious. Clean bathroom. &etc.  Went with a friend and she got along well with the counter guy (Jeremy?). They had a good conversation since they both work in restaurants. Food: Ordered take-out. Their food and juice is fresh. You can see them making it. Jeremy recommended the Addis Combo,  maybe I should have tried it, but I got the Shiro Fit Fit. Don't know about authenticity since I'm not Ethiopian, but the Injera (bread) was mashed up and not to side. Very strong flavors of pepper and lemon - not sure if I like it though. Mango mousse cake is delicious, however. Discounts? If you have a golocal card (available at some farmer's markets) you should be able to get a free tea with the purchase of an entree, between 11-3 on weekdays. Will update if I try it out. Other: Apparently it's named after Lucy, the fossil of the oldest human being, which was found in Ethiopia. They cater.
Having never tried Ethiopian, last year I decided to take a jab at it. Annnnd gahhh!! Fantastic!! Comparable to Indian food with its saturation of flavor and deep taste. Anytime I make my way to Buffalo I do the psycho ex girlfriend drive by and daydream about having Lucy's in my house. Definitely get the combo. Staff are the nicest people too! Consistently great food and friendly service.
Very tasty and affordable and they are so ridiculously friendly there that you can't help but leave smiling.  This is a great little neighborhood find!
We finally got around to ordering from Lucy last night. We love Ethiopian Food and have been waiting for it to come to Buffalo. We lived in California for a long time and Oakland and Berkeley are a mecca for Ethiopian/Eritrean food. We ordered vegetarian samplers (my typical order at Ethiopian restaurants) and I was rather disappointed. I only really liked the spicy red lentil dish and found the rest either bland  or two salty or just boring. I don't think I will return but my husband seemed to like it.
I've had Ethiopian food in places like Washington, D.C. which really know their Ethiopian food, and this restaurant comes close to approaching that kind of quality.  The food is delicious.  The injera is always fresh and spongy, never dry.  The family that runs it is very friendly, and they make a point to get to know their regulars.  I only wish the space were not so cramped, and the seating more comfortable, but that's just a small thing.  Sometimes, the kitchen can be a bit slow, but the food is worth waiting for.
I've been waiting for a LONG time for ethiopian cuisine to finally get to Buffalo.  I used to go to Rochester for it, and I could not contain my excitement when I heard about this place.  I attempted to go there for dinner with a couple friends the other night, but when we got there, we found out just how small it is.  There are only about 5 or 6 tables, and it looked as though all of the people who were there had just sat down.  Dismayed (okay, I was probably a little distraught beyond reason and it was downright ridiculous), we decided to try again another time and go somewhere else because it was getting late.  Attempt number 2 was last night, when we ended up getting take-out instead of fighting for a table.  We ordered on the phone, and while they do have delivery, I guess the normal person that delivers was not in that night.  Thus, if you want delivery, keep in mind that you may need a back-up plan.  I was fine with that, knowing that they are new, small, and working out the kinks.  We ordered, and we were told to come in about half an hour.  When we arrived, we did end up having to wait an extra twenty minutes for our food to be finished.  Again, I was fine with this, as I had heard that they had seemed a bit overwhelmed with the sudden popularity they were experiencing.  Now...for the actual food.  It was delicious!  Just as good as I had expected.  We got a veggie combo to share, and the stewed chicken.  Both were great , although the decently spicy chicken was the star of the meal.  It was nice because I had been planning on ordering a couple extra veggie sides, but I was told on the phone they were already giving those out with the veggie combos so people could try more.  Overall, I would say that the food was good enough that I will be back, but I do hope that eventually the service will improve to be a bit quicker!
Lucy's was delicious and inexpensive. The coffee was prepared traditionally and was served-on the house! Service was very friendly and personable. If your considering going-try it, you'll be glad you did!
Yum!  I love Ethiopian and am thrilled we finally have some in buffalo.  It was too spicy the first time I tried it, but the owners happily adjusted the spice down when I asked on my 2nd visit.  Lunch is a better time to go than dinner -- they only have 5 tables, and fill up fast!  So affordable, too!
On this Thaksgiving Day, we opted out of the turkey meal and came here for the veggie combo.  It was delicious and the service and prices excellent. Highly recommended!
Their sambusas are some of the best things I've eaten, ever. It would be a great idea to order a bunch for a party. They are flaky, not greasy, and delicious. Their food overall is very good. We like the Bozena Shira, kik alicha, and lentil dishes. Take out is a great option for those put off by the small restaurant or who don't like waiting. The owner who works front of house is very nice, though. This is the best Ethiopian food we have had.
I had Ethiopian food for my first time in the Windy City of Chicago while attended college there. Everything was so juicy and seasoned perfectly and fell in love. I've been home for about 3 years now and have been unable to locate this type of dining... until now! I heard about Lucy and had to check it out. The menu is small and simple. The location is small seeing as it is part of a variety store. The service is a little on the slow side but they definitely brought back the excitement of Ethiopian food. I ordered the Awaze Tibs and it was spicy just how I asked. Each piece of lamb melted in my mouth. I also ordered the veggie combo which came with collard greens, yellow chick peas, spicy lentils (my favorite), cabbage in a sweet glaze, and corn with beans. Everything was served on a large plate of injera and came with some extra rolls of injera. The injera is always warm and is delicious. I've been back to Lucy 3 times now and will continue going back. I love it there and everyone is very friendly. Lucy Ethiopian gets 5 stars from me!!!!
