Such good food.  I got the gnocchi with italian sausage and it was superb and full of lots of savory flavors!  I will definitely come back when I am in the area again (there is a bakery I love in the area whose name I am forgetting suddenly, so I will be back soon!).  I originally came here due to the free glass of wine that I got if I checked in for the first time.  I must say the promotion worked and I am not disappointed.  You leave feeling full, satisfied, and happy, especially compared to what I am used to in typical "Food Nework" gourmet style restaurants (i.e. small portions, mediocre overhyped food that is overpriced).  Try it, you'll love it!  Just look at the other reviews and see how much people love it, too! The wine I got was really strong...maybe I'm just a lightweight?  Good but wow did it get me loopy halfway through, which is something I'm not used to with other wines I've drunk lol.
an authentic Italian restaurant with a great ambiance, casual decor, dedicated staff, and most importantly, fresh and top-notch food! servers were energetic and knew the menu well. food came out hot and with consistent timing. the fried rice balls were scrumptious, though I would have preferred some herbs mixed into the filling. short-ribs were braised and roasted perfectly... sauce was on point!!! the pumpkin risotto was perfect, 5 jumbo shrimps on a bed of risotto baked in a thick slice of fresh pumpkin. again, did not waste any of the sauce that came with it (would prefer more sauce on the sides for this one) overall, I will recommend and come back again to try their other entrees!
We headed to Arthur Avenue yesterday in the Bronx.  It's no great revelation to say outside of the Butcher Shops, Delis the Bakeries and other Food Stuff places, the Italian Restaurants in the Area are not too exciting.  And one should not discredit the amazing shops and stores because that is truly worth the trip, it's just that the restaurants are not operating on the same level.   There is good food at these restaurants and Antonio's has been one of our favorites so far.  Firstly, the staff is really wonderful.  Friendly and patient and very professional. We started with baked clams and a salad.  Miss K got a Caesar Salad and i was shocked.. She always gets a Caesar and 90 percent of the time, it's just unflavored mayo.  This was a true Caesar and it was good.  They even make their own Croutons.  Good stuff. Baked clams.. One of the better version in recent memory.. So, better than joes of avenue U, Vinnies of Carrol Gardens to name a few. These were really nice. They put some bread crumbs in the sauce.  it was just not all lemon.  We were very happy. Late photo of the dish.. But, we ordered family style.. I got to try a few things.. But, what i stayed with was the lobster ravioli in a rose sauce.  There were also little pieces of shrimp.. The lobster ravioli is believe my first Italian American version.  It was very good.  A lot of pasta for 22 bucks. And it was also made in house that day.  I had a lobster pasta Saturday night and this was worlds better.  I am now inspired to make this dish.   When I ordered this dish, I was not even hoping for it to be as good as it was.   The veal Marsala was perhaps the worst version I ever tasted.. It was dish water essentially.  I don't know what the hell happened.. But, was happy to go back to the pasta. Miss K ate a lasagna which was good. So, what can I say. Perhaps my expectations have been so lowered that,  I am excited about this place?  Clams were good, salad is good, a couple of pasta dishes I tried were good..   If you are in the area and you are done shopping and you feel like having a sit down dinner and don't feel like trying all of the enticing looking Mexican Restaurants that are all higher ranked on yelp, Antonio's Trattoria is one of the best of the bunch.
By far my favorite Italian restaurant in the area. Some of the restaurants on Arthur Ave. are overpriced for an average meal. The owner is also a really funny, eccentric old Italian men so definitely get to know him! First off, the bread is amazing and the portions are relatively big; I came with my two bosses and we got calamari and oysters for appetizers. Most  places give a small plate of calamari but this was an actual pile of calamari and it was delicious. For the main course, I got their gnocchi alla boscaiola and it was perfect. In my experience, gnocchi is pretty much either perfectly cooked or complete shit. We ended our meal with tiramisu (which was huge) and espresso. I recommend this place for anyone and there is plenty of space so large groups are acceptable.
Ohhhh Antonio's Trattoria. Always a good environment to have either lunch or dinner. The service is beyond nice. Very comfortable people. They really know what they're doing. Do not miss the chance to get their Nutella Pizza has dessert ( Nutella, strawberries and banana on a sweet flat round bread) Been here with my co-worker, and we ordered the Burrata and Fried Calamari as an appetizer oh and the pizza! It Was amazing!!!! This restaurant is a hidden gem in little Italy of the Bronx. You Definitely need to try this restaurant.
Mediocre Italian-American food and pizza. I was very unimpressed by the service - entrees came out 5 minutes after appetizers, our glasses were never refilled, and the waiter spent more time talking to patrons smoking outside than his tables. The food reminded me of a catered event, where you scoop various chicken cutlets out of sterno-heated metal bins. This restaurant seemed much more like a spot to socialize with neighbors than a dinner destination.
Went here for the first time with my girlfriend after a day at the Bronx Zoo. We were both hungry, in the mood for italian, so we decided to try a new spot. We have eaten at other restaurants on Arthur ave before but not this one. It was pretty busy so there was a wait but the hostess was very nice and told us she had a table for us shortly. The bar was jammed so we decided to order drinks through our waiter at the table. A few things of annoyance, first is Henry hill walks in and one of the other gentlemen working there tries to give him our table, and  I have to ask the hostess and straighten that out, and thankfully she does. We sit down, and then they sit down at their table after. We have the same waiter, yet they get their order taken first even though we were seated first and waited longer...unreal. Anyway, we put our order in for wine, and app and dinner in at once. We order the arancini to start, just a let down. Arancini should be large rice balls and have meat, cheese, peas, etc jn them; we got 4 mini rice balls with nothing in them and side of marinara for $14, complete waste. My girlfriend ordered the penne alla vodka, and I got the veal parm, both were just okay. We have definitely both had better penne all vodka, their sauce was not thick at all, and my veal was very salty. We ate them, but I can honestly say nothing blew us away. Bottom line dinner came out to $100 with tip for an app, two dinners, and two glasses of wine. Overall it was on par with the average food that I can get from a good pizza place. Service was good, nice waiter, nice hostess, but I feel Iike it was a locals place. The reviews I read on yelp are very gracious in my opinion. Oh yeh, did I mention the sink was broken in the men's room to top it off? Yes, use bathroom, but can't wash hands, yummy!  I would try a dissent place in the block next time.
This place is excellent, with very good service and excellent food.   It's located near Fordham Rd, so parking is a bit hard to find.  We parked nearby on a neighborhood street in the evening, but this could get a bit tricky during busy times.  It's not exactly the most romantic of neighborhoods, but I don't think I felt unsafe walking through the street. Me and the gf came here, and thought it was pretty good.  I ordered rice balls with mozzarella, while she got garlic bread with cheese.  I thought both appetizers were pretty good.  The garlic bread definitely has nice flavor, and doesn't overload you with garlic.  I've had garlic breads before, but restaurants are trying to liquidate their vampire garlic stocks by throwing them in by the bucket, which makes it kinda hard to eat at times.  But this one definitely had a nice balance, which I really liked.  The rice balls were good, tasty.   For entree, I got gnocchi caprese, while she got a calzone.  We both thought the gnocchi was excellent.  Pretty much everything was perfect with it, the right amount of sauce, and the right amount of cheese.  I tend to eat things I know I like, but I would order this over and over again because it's very tasty.  I think anyone who likes gnocchi will like this for sure.  The Calzone was pretty good as well.   We were too full to try deserts again (I know, it's like I'm losing my superpowers of eating).   I thought the service here was excellent.  My gf had wanted to pack a couple of pieces of garlic bread to take home, but they forgot it.  Not only did they not charge for the food, but they also offered free espresso martini shots as well because I think they felt bad about it.   We didn't think the missing garlic bread was a big deal, but I thought it was excellent customer service because you could sense they sincerely made a mistake about it.  I'm a sucker for good service, so I definitely liked this aspect.  I think every one of the staff members we met were friendly and engaging.   Go here for the food, and the service will bring you back, IMO.
Not much left to say other than to reaffirm what everyone else is saying: Antonios is simply the best!
This place is incredible. We checked into Yelp and got a free glass of red wine (not delicious), but it was really nice still the same.  We got reservations for a Wednesday night, but the place was fairly empty.  The service was excellent and the food even better.  We had the garlic bread with mozzarella, Eggplan Parm, Gnocchi (delicious) and a Nutella pizza.  It was incredible.  I would highly recommend checking this place out.
Hands down one of the best restaurants to which I've ever been, Italian or otherwise. The food is phenomenal. They start you out with bread, but not the tasteless generic stuff that's on the table at most places, but really fresh, high quality bread. We then ordered appetizers, specifically we had the veal meatballs. The meat is exceedingly fresh. Generally veal is fairly bland but the freshness really brought out the flavor (along with the fact that they were DELICIOUSLY fried). For an entree, I had the Lasagna and my girlfriend had the Ziti, they came out piping hot and after a brief time letting them cool down, we were stunned. The pasta tastes fresh and homemade, the cheeses were superb and sauce was just the right kind of sweet. I also liked in my lasagna the fact that the meat was crushed and sprinkled throughout. While the food is the main attraction, the service was fast and extremely friendly. The ambiance leaves nothing to be desired, it's attractive and hip, without trying too hard. The music playing in the background is varied, and yet all the song seem appropriate for the locale. The prices are moderate and extremely fair for the quality of the food. This is a great place no matter the occasion, really as good as it gets.
Great Italian food in Little Italy, Bronx. Love the free glass of wine upon yelp-check-in. If you want classic Italian good i would recommend. Serves was also very good, prompt, to the point and not over bearing. Prices range from $16-$22ish. I mean nowadays that seems the norm. OH the World we live in. Sigh!
Delicious. Superb. Divine. I don't know what word to use to describe our experience here. After a day at the zoo, my husband was looking forward to some good, authentic Italian food in Little Italy. Never again will I look at Italian the same. My penne vodka was delicious, my husband's chicken with 4 cheeses (don't remember the name exactly...) was superb and the garlic bread with mozzarella was divine. We stayed to chat with the manager for a bit and just had a great time. Next time I'm in NYC, I'm making the trip up here.
I whent there today with my wife I have the chicken Alfredo and my wife the penne vodka with shrimp the food wasn't that good and overpriced and the service was not good my first and last time there.
The food was awesome and the atmosphere like an Italian home!  We were greeted with open smiles and had a great meal!  Thank you for a nice night!
I love this place!! Great people, great food and great prices. You can't go wrong with any thing you order, food or drinks. And I love Joe behind the bar, he is the best person and sets the tone for your experience.
The food here is Delicious !!!! The staff here is really friendly. The story: I invited a few friends of mine to have Dinner with me. I was not quite in the mood to travel to the city, and I suggested this restaurant.. Of course most of my friends are " intimidated" to visit to the Bronx at night but luckily I was able to convince them.  Not only they  enjoyed the Dinner, but guess who was sitting next to us Sigourney Weaver!!! Yup home girl isn't afraid of Aliens or Bronxinites. Take that Bitches!! Suggestions go during lunch hour. For Dinner you must make a reservation otherwise you will wait for a long time.
Excellent food with excellent service. The sauces are authentic and hit the bullseye on the palette. The mussels are fresh and do not taste frozen. Highly recommend the grilled fig special with prosciutto. Wow, talk about a culinary explosion in yer mouth. The pastas are nice. The veal was delicious. Can't wait to go back.
I went here sometime last week. It is a homey looking place. The decor is honestly nothing special. The food was solid. Good, hearty, and delicious. I really couldn't complain. I am in LOVE with their gnocchi though! It's soft, pillowy, and decadent. The sauce hangs onto it so you get the well-rounded flavor. Their service is spot on. I had asked to pack up my garlic bread but I think they accidentally threw it out. So to compensate for that, they gave us both a freebie coffee liquor shot. Yum. We were too full for dessert but we will definitely be coming back!
First venture eating in the Bronx! My boyfriend and I came here after the orchid show at the Botanical Gardens. With the orchid show tickets, you get 10% off the whole bill! We came late due to the show and it was still pretty crowded with the bar area full. The decor was pretty standard, nothing special. There's an exposed brick wall and a really cool wine cooler. We ordered the sampler platter for appetizers which included oysters, shrimp, eggplant and calamari. Everything was decent, nothing too special. I actually found it to be pretty salty (theme of the night) and the oysters smelled and tasted fishy. My boyfriend also ordered the bean and broccoli rabe soup which was yummy! For entrees, I ordered the eggplant parm and my boyfriend had the lasagna. Portions were very big, I could only finish half. It was very salty. It came with a small side of pasta which was bland. My boyfriend noted that the lasagna was also very salty. Not sure if the cooking was this way due to the late hour (it was around 9-10). Service was okay. Waitress seemed in a rush. Overall, decent eats if you're in the area and especially with the discount but next time I'd try another restaurant in the area.
Been to Antonio's half dozen times. Food is excellent Italian. Specials awesome. Try fried  artichokes on salad...wow. Joe at bar is Mr. Entertainment & personality abounds. Has great 5 star vibe. Go.
Antonio's Trattoria is legit... trust me, I'm half Italian! Came in here for a post-Valentine's dinner lured in by the Yelp deal for a free glass of wine. This is the first time I've had a Yelp deal taken with no struggle or issue. She didn't even ask to see my phone, which made me pretty happy because I'm never a fan of servers taking my phone and disappearing with it. The menu is a little concentrated compared to many Italian restaurants and you won't see a million different variations of items. Instead, they focus on a few good things like pizzas, pastas, and entrees. I can't remember the name of the dish I had, but I recall it had rotini, plum tomato sauce, crumbled sausage, and goat cheese. It was filling and flavorful! I could tell that they used good quality sausage as well. The dish wasn't greasy at all. For dessert, I shared the strawberry crepe which was absolutely heavenly. The best part of Antonio's, however, is the service. Not once were we rushed or pressured. We were even encouraged to stay while the regulars chatted at the bar. I'd definitely come back. Brotip: The bathroom door is REALLY heavy and can get stuck.
Everything was very good and very friendly staff. I had the stuffed figs wrapped in prosciutto and the lobster fettuccine and they both were excellent
Likely more of a 3.5 stars than 4, but I was generous in upsizing the rating.  It's in a little bit of a tougher neighborhood, with a bunch of unattended teenagers "fighting" on the sidewalk and adjacent areas.  I'm not one to be afraid, but it didn't make me feel especially safe as one of those "fights" could have accidentally included me by accident.  On to the food... I took the recommendation of my waiter and had the short ribs.  Very tender and tasty, but I was pretty sure that they were warmed up via microwave.  The potatoes and sauce were nice and the red sauce on the side pasta was good too.  Tiramisu was also quite good. A very neighborhood restaurant feel, it would likely be some place that I would come back to, but would make sure it was the right time of day... meaning not later at night.
Excellent food. Very busy. Carmine, our waiter,  was a master at his craft.  Joe behind the bar a GEM!!!
This restaurant is great. The service is wonderful. The owner was so nice and gave us a loaf of bread just because he knew we were looking for a good bakery. Food was very good. Definitely try the brick oven pizza.
This is the kind of Italian restaurant that smells thoroughly of garlic bread and has a bottle of olive oil on every table. We couldn't get the aroma out of our heads, and so surrendered: mozzarella garlic bread for an appy. Our mains were gnocchi and the house lasagne. All of the food was quite good. The portions were ample, they poured the glasses of red with a heavy hand, and they even have a yelp deal. Win.
Chef Boyardee! Seriously disgusting. Our appetizer contained ham which wasn't mentioned at all in the ingredients! Then our ziti dish for girl an gnocchi for me had a sauce straight out of chef Boyardee's can of garbage!!! Wait staff were horrible. Mine was an entree that was supposed to come with salad and vegetable. Neither were offered or mentioned! Got one drink with our appetizer and never given another other than the warm bottle of city water at our table! Terrible terrible!!!!! And expensive for chef Boyardee quality! We're paying this bill reluctantly as we are hungry! But this place is garbage!!
This is the gold standard for restaurant's in the Bronx's Little Italy.  If you want the best ingredient's from around Arthur avenue served to you in one meal this is the place to go.   My personal favorite is there meatball appetizer, their chicken sorrentino and their margarita pizza served with Casa Della Mozzarella's cheese. My family has also told me the mussels are very tasty. When you walk in give a hug and kiss to the bartender, who is an old neighborhood friend.   Overall if you are visiting the Real Little Italy walk a few blocks off of Arthur Ave to this establishment.
It's a real shame that I'm from Brooklyn and I'm not crazy about what we have left in regards to old school Italian restaurants. Thank you Bronx for keeping that going... You walk in and feel like family as youre greeted by the overly energetic and quick-witted Joe. The place looks like a scene out of a classic mob movie (but with better flooring lol). Anyway, I ate at the bar with a friend of mine. Everything was fantastic. Even the drinks were poured with a steady, slow hand. All love here. For those who are into it, they even have some TV screens for you to catch up with the latest games. I highly recommend this place. I'll be traveling here again from Brooklyn because it is worth it.
Great food. Perfectly cooked pasta and the penne a la vodka was spot on. Delicious veal parm and frutti di mare. This was a really nice change in quality compared to the 'burbs. Would def come back
Came here with my gf, for an early dinner.. We were seated right away, as it was still empty. Place had a nice, classy, warm ambiance. Servers were extremely nice and professional and patient as well. My gf had the Frutti di Mare, which was packed full of mussels, clams, squid and other seafood, and was delicious. Pasta was slightly overcooked by like a minute, but otherwise, it was an excellent dish. I had the 16 o.z grilled Rib-Eye.. medium rare. The steak came, border-line medium rare-to-rare, which was fine by me, I love my steaks juicy and red in the middle. Steak was delicious. We shared a Primavera Pizza which was very fresh and tasted great! And by dessert, both of us were pretty much full, so we shared a Tiramisu, which was slightly sweeter than I would like, but otherwise, it was pretty good too. Their service was on point, waiter didn't rush us at all, and was very helpful. We had a great time here, and will definitely come back in the future for some authentic Italian cuisine.
Had a really good italian dinner here. We came on the early side in the evening, but by the time we were wrapping up our dinner, the place was jam packed on a Saturday evening. We tried a variety of appetizers and entrees, including a flatbread, and they were delicious. The only flaw was with the flatbread, where it wasn't baked fully so that the cheese had not even melted, but given everything else was literally 5 star quality food, giving the overall experience a 4-star rating.
Went there for my birthday, everything was good! Service was great, the restaurant is a clean place. It's a lovely place to go to
I came here with my partner after having read the reviews on Yelp. And I wasn't disappointed. Our waiter was polite and attentive. The whole experience was great. We ate the best margarita pizza on Arthur Avenue! Will definitely come again.
This is a little gem in the middle of nowhere special. The staff was friendly, the place is beautiful and the food was great!
After checking out Fordham and Arthur Avenue this is the place to go for authentic Italian food. The meatball appetizer was delicious, you could taste the authenticity. The veal parmigiana was the best I have had in my life. The portions are huge and the food cannot be more authentic Italian. This is the perfect place to have great Italian food near Arthur Avenue.
Wow. That was great! Joe, the musical bar tender, was super friendly - love his happy birthday songs & hugs! Alex, the good-looking waiter who served our table was funny and awesome too. After the meal,  Alex kindly called a taxi on our behalf and even opened the door for us. We felt at home. Thanks for the wine and coffee! Unmatchable 5 star service. *****
Excellent dinner with friends last night.Like always the food was excellent,service outstanding and they make it all seem so easy to make it more of a dining experience rather then just eating.Could never go wrong picking this resteraunt out of the many available in the neighborhood.
From the flavorful Clams Oreganata to the perfect Veal Parmesan, the food is without flaw.  While often overlooked by the tourist crowd because it is not on Arthur Avenue, Antonio's Tratoria is the finest Italian restaurant in the area. Those in the know, know they needn't go anywhere else.
I've mentioned my Italian Grandmother in several reviews.  I brought her to Antonios for lunch and she went CRAZY over the food! We decided to split a salad and pizza.  Before any food came they brought us bread and olive oil.  I'm not lying when I say that we must have finished a whole loaf of bread...it was insanely good.  We split the insalata panzanella which was so good.  The mozzarella was fresh, the croutons were nice and crunchy and the dressing was delicious.  They we split a traditional margherita pizza which was just what we were looking for...thin crispy crust, fresh cheese and seasoned well. I have to also say the service was outstanding.   My grandmother was so happy with the overall experience she asked if we could come back again the same day for dinner.  So I think Antonios was a winner!
Decided to eat here last Saturday after a trip to the Zoo and a walk through the St. Anthony festival based on the raving Yelp reviews.  It's a pretty nice place, they seated us quickly and ordered their house carafe of Super Tuscan.  A bit pricey at $33 but it turned out to be a pretty nice wine. I ordered the Lasagna and my gf had the baked ziti, it was great when it arrived, not the best I have ever have had of either but still great food.  Overall do I think this place is a bit overhyped and certainly overpriced?  Yeah of course.  Was is still a good experience?..absolutely. They have a bartender here that came out three times singing happy birthday to people who whose birthday it was which was pretty funny. I honestly was hoping for a lot more out of Antonio's at the price point and its location at Arthur Ave.  Next time I visit I will absolutely be checking out one of the other highly reviewed places hoping for a little more out of it.
Food is good - no complaints there. The acoustics in this place are horrible though. The bartender (maybe also the owner?) is extremely friendly. He welcomes most guests and has a clear following of people at his bar both times I have been there. Sometimes the bar guests and the bartender break out into loud singing or ruckus and it carries throughout the entire restaurant. Probably not the best place to go for a romantic date but I would go back with friends for dinner and drinks.
When visiting family in the Bronx, this is always our go to place for four hour long family catch up meals.  The service is perfect, the food is classic Italian and the ambiance is just right.  I love the friendly bartenders and the great servers.  They have been more than happy to accommodate us even without a reservation!  We will continue to meet at Antonios Trattoria as is our tradition.
Pretty good food. Not the best, but good. Service was very good.
The ambiance is amazing, with low lighting so it's great for dates. There is a bar and sit down areas. Service was very friendly and efficient with all of our requests; we couldn't really ask for more! We ordered the garlic mozzarella bread, and it was to die for! The garlic was strong but deliciously balanced with the cheese and butter. We followed that with the four-cheese pizza. The goat cheese was perfectly nuanced and gave the pizza great flavor! Next time, we're probably going to order the margherita pizza because this was perhaps too much cheese at once, although each was good on its own. We pared the cheese and carbs with the chicken scarparo -- it's a bit spicy with bell peppers, chicken, and sausage! Chicken was quite tender, and the sausage was very well flavored. I didn't have any expectations in this joint in Little Italy, but we're coming here again! Love it!
Came to meet family from Jersey and always love the Arthur Ave. restaurant scene. I decided on Antonios since it's one we haven't tried yet. The restaurant is a fun place to be, Joe the owner is a funny guy( funny how; do I amuse you?) and makes sure everyone is being taken care of. If it's your birthday he will sing to you as they bring out a dessert with candles and the disco lights fill the room. We had a lot of dishes all very good, the standouts were a brick oven pizza named Arugulata, made from Fresh Mozzarella, arugula, prosciutto di parma with shavings of pecorino romano. A special appetizer, grilled figs with goat cheese and salad was great. A fun and casual place to get together and enjoy the evening. By the way, best italian cheesecake, very moist. Ciao
Came here today and had such a great experience. Service was on point, my waiter Carmine was awesome. He was very attentive and  friendly.  Checked up on us multiple times especially after every order we made to ensure everything was well. Food was delicious. I had the Fettucine Carbonara & my fiance had the Shrimp Parmigiana. Both were good. Desert was also good. The service was great, food was delicious and last but not least the ambiance was very peaceful and pleasing. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great dining experience in the bronx.
Amazing Italian place in the Bronx Little Italy neighborhood - I try a new one each time and this one is my fave so far! The food and service are terrific. The place looks newly redone but feels like it's been there forever. The pizze are great, as are the gnocchi. It's hard to find gnocchi made without milk and these are the real thing. The primo of fresh figs with prosciutto was fantastic - it's hard to find figs that good! Joe came over to our table and chatted us up, insisting that we couldn't be leaving already and giving us free coffee and drinks. He was genuinely super friendly. I'll be back for more!
Awesome veal dishes. Very modestly priced, sources ingredients from local purveyors in Arthur Avenue neighborhood - definitely a strong plus. Homemade pastas are delicious.  Had short rib- super tender, large portion. If you come during summer when strawberries are in season, MUST get the strawberries macerated in balsamic glaze w/vanilla gelatin. OMFG. super strawberry flavor- intense and keeps coming back on the palate. As for Luigi; he's a great server good guy. A real paisano- guides you well, never intrusive. Check in for the free glass of wine. Personally, I'm going back for the zeppoli covered in nutella!
Superb food, service, and atmosphere. I can only assume the tipsy, not-quite-overbearingly welcoming bartender was Antonio himself.  Try the short ribs.
We felt very lucky that this Bronx gem was open on Easter. Our reservation was for 4, but we finished at the NY Botanical Gardens (an easy mile walk away) a little early, so they accommodated us at 330. Our server was sweet and efficient (Carey) and arranged for our hot antipasto to come sans mussels. Excellent. Our Margaretta pizza with olives added had a flavorful and crisp crust, garnished with fragrant fresh basil leaves. We saw them do a happy birthday, complete with flashing lights and melodious singing. Wish we were closer so we could come back more easily... But we will be back regardless.
It does not get better than this, and in my experience, it's never been as good as this as far as italian food.  Carey, our server, was amazing.  The wine was the best italian red wine I've ever had, and I'm picky about wine quality.  The mini meatballs were insanely good, the entree was cooked to perfection, and the atmosphere of the establishment was top notch, classy without pomp.  I'm looking forward to visiting again in the future.
Stopped by here for lunch while exploring "the other Little Italy" in the Bronx and had an amazing meal. I got the special which was burrata on a bed of arugula and it might have been one of the best salads I've ever had. The piece of burrata was huge and super fresh. I also got a side of grilled chicken, which was perfectly prepared. My friend got the halibut special and it was tasty as well. Would definitely recommend this place for a solid Italian meal.
Great service. The area is very congested with tourists, etc on the main drag of Arthur Ave But this spot just off the beaten path, is warm, welcoming and truly a delight The service and food are above average as it the atmosphere and value for what you get Went with my mom and had two delicious dishes - linguini with clams and orechiette with broccoli rabe - both perfectly cooked and seasoned. Would definitely recommend!!
We love it here at Antonio's! This is our third visit in one month. It's our go-to place after heading to Bear Mountain, Fort Tryon, and Westport, CT.  The food is great (I've lived in Manhattan for 18 years, so my palate is quite developed), and the staff is so friendly. My wife gets the gnocchi and I get the frutti di mare.  We also get an appetizer and the tiramisu is amazing! Say hello to Joseph, the patriarch/owner of the restaurant when you come in. Add in a free glass of wine when you check in through Yelp! No more to say, we're going to eat!!
All I can say is: WOW! We went to Antonio's to celebrate my brother-in-law's birthday after visiting the holiday train show at the NY botanical gardens. It was close, and came highly recommended by Mommy Poppins. They were spot on. Kids are welcome here. From the moment I made the reservation, we were treated wonderfully! The man who took my call even told me where to get the cake (a whole other kind of deliciousness)! No one, in our group of 10 had a bad meal. I had the gnocchi - delish. Hubby had the short ribs, which were amazing. The eggplant fiorentina was another favorite. The service was wonderful, plenty of on-street parking, decor was nice, portions were large and fairly priced.  It was noisy enough so I didn't hear other people talking but not so noisy that it was unpleasant. And the birthday singing was clutch. Antonio's made me look like a hero! We will be back!
Absolutely my favorite restaurant, hands down. Perfect for bringing a date, coming with friends, or a family  meal. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, attentive, and all around awesome. The food is authentic Italian; you can't go wrong no matter what you order- from the moment the crusty, soft centered bread arrives at your table to the very end of the meal. (I highly suggest Nutella pizza followed by a cocktail at the bar!) Everything is fresh, delicious, and made to order. The pizza is the best I have ever had. Currently, my favorite meal is the broccoli rabe with rigatoni in olive oil and garlic- although the cheese ravioli is a close second. The bartender is fabulous; He makes everyone feel at home and will remember what you drink, your name, and who you were there with. He will never fail to recommend the perfect drink. Combined with the comfortable, warm interior, this place truly stands out. It is a gem in The Bronx, and well worth a trip up or consideration for your new favorite neighborhood restaurant.
Loved this place!  Warm and inviting.  Friendly service with a ton of humor and a smile.   Yes this is The Bx I know and love.   Arugula salad was great, Eggplant fiorentina lovely and the Espresso Martini amazing! Yes the white haired gentleman behind the bar comes out and sings Happy Birthday while disco lights are spinning!  He has a great voice and personality.  So happy he kissed me on the way out.  Made me feel right at home! The food is great but clearly not the star; the singing bartender and the staff are! This place has tons of ambiance!  GoodFellas style! Can't wait to go back!
If you're a fan of Italian food (who isn't?) then you're well aware that New York's real "Little Italy" is located in the Bronx. Mulberry Street had a good run but the reign is over. The other boros also have thier own versions of "Little Italy" but they pale in comparison to Arthur Ave & 187th St, otherwise known as the Belmont area of the Bronx. The place just keeps getting better and better. Great new restaurants and cafes are opening all the time. That's worked out great for me because all I have to do is walk outside my door to find some of the best Italian goods in NYC. That brings me to my latest find, Antonio's Trattoria. Located across the street from the old home of Roberto's (the neighborhoods most popular restaurant) Antonio's is as easy going as it is delicious. When you walk in you're greeted by an eager and friendly hostess ready to seat you and start your nite out with a smile. The cherry wood finish of Antonio's gives it a nice classy feel, complimented by the wonderful voice of Sinatra playing softly through the sound system. Obviously major points with me. Our waiter was efficient and courteous. Never hovering but always available. Nothing worse than your waiter never paying your table attention or when they give you so much attention you feel like you have to add another place setting. Our food arrived promptly and drinks were always ready. The owners of the joint were very friendly and made a point of making sure we were happy with our experience. So much so that the manager was kind enough to send us over a free treat. Now that's service. I had a few glasses of the house pinot grigio to go along with one of the best pork chop dishes I've ever had the pleasure of eating. Grilled to perfection and garnished with sautéed onions, spinach, and "sauce" as they call it in the neighborhood. I shared a 12 inch rugatina pizza which was topped with sausage, portabello mushrooms, smoked mozzarella and basil. If that doesn't make you hungry then you're just weird or hate yourself. My group shared a number of delicious appetizers. Garlic bread with melted mozzarella, select Italian cold cuts and cheeses, baked clams, mozzarella sticks and portabella mushrooms wrapped in all kinds of deliciousness and fried to boot. Yeah not something Jenny Craig would recommend but this is Italian food. As for dessert, two words...NUTELLA PIZZA!!! Soon we were all stuffed like Hansel and Gretel. I was with a large group and everyone was pleased. A couple of my guests are very hard to please but enjoyed Antonio's very much. On our way out we were nicely applauded for our business which is a rarity nowadays. That capped off a wonderful evening in a wonderful new restaurant that I can strongly recommend.
My staff threw me a going away party there and we had an excellent time.  We arranged a price fix with a wonderful set of appetizers, three choices in main courses and Italian cookies for dessert.  The staff was extremely attentive and the food was plentiful and delicious.  I highly recommend this place. The 3 $$$ included appetizer, main course, Italian cookies, coffee/tea, and copious amounts of red wine.
solid choice for Italian in the area. The seafood pasta was the highlight of our meal. Very nice service, lively scene.
This place says it delivers but I have called on 3 different occasions and they have stated no delivery, please update your description to reflect this! I only live a block and a half from their location. Don't waste your time calling.
I had the chicken Marsala; daughter had short ribs; friend had a chicken dish prepared with various cheeses. Food was delicious. I want to go back again soon. Very high quality at reasonable prices. Best Italian food around.
Our dinner had a slow start, but with time, service improved, and the food quality won me over. The restaurant has a warm, inviting atmosphere, and is good for groups and families, but is probably too loud for a date. Their bread was very good, crisp on the outside, airy and light inside, however, I wish it had been served warm. I filled up on bread (again, slow initial service) so I only ordered a chestnut soup. My friends had the quatro formaggi (sp?) whose additional 15-minute prep time did not end up being distinct from our own food's prep time... and a chicken parmigiana. Both were satisfied with their dishes. One friend wished they had offered her freshly grated cheese for her dish, but oh well. My chestnut soup was  wonderful; not cream-laden or dense at all, it was light, flavorful, and all the while complex, with some spice and nice chunks of chestnut throughout. Our second waiter honored our Yelp deal for a glass of wine and brought 3 glasses of prosecco, without even asking to see our vouchers; I was pleasantly surprised. If you're in the area, I'd give this place a try, otherwise, I'm not certain I'd recommend the shlep.
I'm in love...with Antonios! A friend and I were craving some authentic Italian cuisine and headed over to Arthur Avenue.  We normally head to Roberto's, but were super disappointed to see they are no longer open on Sundays.  So THANK goodness for my yelp app and we found Antonios.  We called to see if we needed reservations.  Already just off of the phone conversation, we knew we were going to have a memorable experience.   "Hi...do you all accept reservations?" -friend "yea! when did you wanna come in sweetie"-Joe the singing bartender "Now....is it busy"-friend "OH! just come on in, I'll be expecting you"- Joe the singing bartender "ok we'll be there in 5 minutes" friend 5 minutes later, my friend and I arrive and immediately we are greeted.  Then Joe, the bartender, I'm assuming was the man we spoke to on the phone yelled "Boy ! when you say 5 minutes you mean 5 minutes..."  then he gestures the waitress and tells her that our table is ready.   I'm in love already =) The food was delicious, we started off with an arugula salad with mozzarella...then, I had the short ribs and my friend ordered the chicken parm.  The fettuccini past we got was AMAZING.  The pasta they serve is normally homemade, if not then they pick i  up from Bugatti's...which is just as amazing.  Between the salad, pasta and our entrée's we were so full.  But, I refused to leave without tasting their cannoli.  Overall this was such a great experience.  The food was amazing and so was the service.  Can't wait to come back! P.S. if you ever have you birthday dinner here, Joe will sing you happy birthday...
This was my first time dining at a restaurant near Arthur Avenue, the Little Italy of the Bronx.  It was just like the movies - very friendly, family-oriented environment, fresh pasta, and even a guy randomly singing loudly at a nearby table.  Super friendly staff.  I think the owner tends the bar - he greeted us the minute we walked in, checked for an open table, and seated us immediately.  As he led us to our table, he joked around with us, asking us where we were from, etc.  Made us feel very welcome. Ordered the fried calamari and artichoke hearts for appetizers.  Both were very good, particularly the artichoke hearts. The main entrees were the oreccetti broccoli rabe with sausage and the frutti di mare.  The Frutti di mare was assorted seafood over pasta.  We asked for fresh pasta with the frutti di mare - so glad that we did.  The fresh pasta here is absolutely amazing -- order a dish that comes with it normally, or see if they have some leftover that they can substitute for the regular dried pasta that comes with your dish.  The broccoli rabe was ok, with a good amount of garlic (I'm a fan of garlic).  Portions were large - honestly, the appetizers could have been entrees - so don't load up on the complimentary fresh bread that they start you off with. The waiter was super friendly and was really helpful in helping us find something that we liked.   The restaurant is just a few blocks from the Bronx Zoo and the Botanical Gardens, so it's a good way to cap off a weekend.  Parking is fairly easy to find, but I went on Easter weekend and a lot of the business over on Arthur Avenue were closed. Highly recommended.
Last night, I found Antonios via yelp (thx ya'lls) and had a great all-around experience. All four of us were very happy with the food - appetizers (arancini diriso, fried calamari) and entrees (charcoal grilled salmon, rigatoni w/ broccoli rabe, and forgot the dishes we had) The food and service was great. I found the prices to be slightly high, but would definitely go back and bring my friends for one reason: it feels like I'm walking into another family's home. There's something to be said when the manager & owner of the restaurant ins't afraid to joke around with total strangers, except they don't view you as a stranger but more like a distant cousin reunited. Their approach to hospitality, as in, "the quality of receiving and treating guests and strangers in a warm, friendly, generous way" is often found missing in big city restaurants but found in the outskirts, namely suburbs/small towns. For example, Joe the bartender was singing along to Frank Sinatra. Loud. Really loud. Like -- I was a good 40 ft away and heard his 5 star performance during peak dinner time on a Saturday night. On the way out -- Joe and the owner (I think he was the owner) all kissed my girlfriend + two gal friends on both cheeks (italian style) on the way out. Joe also looked at me and said "Oh come here you greaseball! " (hug) (kiss on right cheek) (kiss on left cheek) And it was awesome. P.S. I went rolling deep with three ladies in an Italian restaurant in the Bronx. Am I gangsta or what?
Came here with my boyfriend to celebrate my birthday and absolutely loved it. Loved the environment, the service, the bartender, absolutely everything!!! The food was delicious even down to the bottled water! My boyfriend is a picky eater and he devoured everything. I recommend anyone to go to this place. Even the customers are sweet and polite. Love it!!!
Mediocre.  I do not understand why this place is rated so highly.  The food is nothing special.  The pasta was mushy and gross looking.  It actually seemed pretty expensive for what it was.  The service was fine.
Went here with my whole family and everyone loved their meal. We came for lunch and all ordered the M-F lunch special for 12.95 (great deal with options from a choice of soups or a salad AND lunch entree). They honored the yelp deal for a free glass of wine with check-in. The soup serving is a huge bowl, while the lunch entrees are smaller, but together it was plenty of food. The straciatella soup was flavorful and light, and my mom declared the chicken parm was the best she's ever had, tender with well seasoned breading and sauce like your grandmother's. Penne ala vodka was also delicious, perfect al dente, rich and creamy. Only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars was somewhat spotty service. Overall, highly recommended.
Very good, fresh food with large portions. Get a free glass of wine with the Yelp deal. The tiramisu is excellent.
Amazingly good food!!  Definitely a must stop whenever I travel to NYC now!
The food tonight was the best we have had on/near Arthur avenue. Party of eight.  Veal sorrentino was tender and delicious; chicken sorrention also outstanding beet salad was amazing -- fresh and full of flavor.  Linguini with clams was spectacular... a full bowl of tender fresh clams!  Pastas were excellent too. Service was helpful, pleasant and attentive, but food came incredibly slowly, and with three hungry kids (11-15), that's what cost a 5 star rating.  Restaurant was not packed at all, so maybe understaffed in the kitchen, and when the food did finally arrive, everything was impeccably fresh and clearly prepared to order, and the reason was time to cook the chicken. Overall, outstanding, and we will definitely go back!
Sunday night dinner last week.... Simply amazing. Love how cozy it is for a romantic dinner for two. The food was delicious and must say that the calamari as an appetizer, was ORGASMIC! Yey for Antonio's!
These people make you feel welcome like family.  We went in with a group of 8 on Saturday, and between us, we tried 7 different menu items.  The food was very good, prices were surprisingly reasonable, and we enjoyed it so much, we went back later the same day!  Their homemade creamy lemoncello is to die for, and I only wish you could buy it by the bottle to take home.  I shared my lunch leftovers later that night as a snack with a couple of other people, and even my mom was disappointed she didn't get to have some more when she asked the next morning.
Delicious! Great service too. We dropped in for lunch after a morning at the zoo. Our appetizer was the calamari, perfectly prepared and served with a marinara sauce. The gnocchi was great; made in house. Excellent! My husband had the veal parmigiana. He devoured it. Recommend this restaurant for authenticity and pleasant atmosphere. Friendly staff.
I went here based on Yelp reviews.  I was in the Bronx and needed someplace to eat.  The reviews did not lie.  This place is awesome.  More upscale then expected.  The decor is modern and the place was immaculate.  The staff were all pleasant and helpful.  My husband had the chicken parm and I had the braised short ribs and both dishes were delicious!!!!!!!!!!!!  We also ordered the fresh mozzarella and tomato which was fresh and tasty.  I am generally disappointed with the flavor of the cheese in most restaurants but this one was flavorful.  I live in Brooklyn and will have no problem making that trip back to the Bronx to go back.  Loved it!!
We had a delicious meal here, ending with the cannoli from a local spot. Veal Marsala was a hit, and shrimp cocktail was probably the best I've had. Clams are a Teeny bit fishy but still good. Loved the service and attention!
First time there, and I have to say that I loved it, and I'm definetly going back, we had the cheese calzone with spinach, a pizza margherita, the pizza bianco, and lychee martinis. Very generous portion, price was right and service was great.
Came to Yelp to find a good place in Little Italy on Arthur Ave and found Antonios on Belmont Ave. Prices were reasonable. Portions were a good size. We had a family reunion and stayed for 2 1/2 hours after lunch and before dinner and never felt rushed. Bathrooms were CLEAN. Decor' was great. (Not dusty and dark like some of the other Italian places.) The wait staff...FANTASTIC and oh so accommodating. We shared the Nutela Pizza and  few other items. The pizza was a MUST HAVE!!! Take the time to walk a block or two off of Arthur Ave, and enjoy a wonderful dining experience at Antonios. You won't be sorry!
The food here is amazing. Genuine Italian food made by genuine Italian Americans right here in the Bronx's Little Italy. It's a tad pricey in comparison to average restaurants, but you get what you pay for and what you pay for is excellent tasting food, substantial portions and attentive service. Even my kids destroyed their plates and they're picky eaters. Good luck finding parking though, you may have to circle the area a few times, but a little walk is worth the experience. P.S.: Grab some pastries from Artuso's before you leave the area. It's right across the street.
just okay..not impressed at all.
This was some of the best Italian food that I've ever had.   Service was also excellent.
Nice quiet alternative to the main stretch of Arthur ave. Staff has always been friendly. Food is good. Nice options for a medium priced dinner.
BF and I tried this restaurant one day when our usual places were completely packed. It turned out to be a major golden find! The staff were accommodating and friendly. The pasta dish was the BOMB! The Rotini Rugantini had spiral pasta with crumbled sausage, topped with creamy melting goat cheese in perfectly seasoned tomato sauce.  We also had the head-turning (literally) Nutella pizza desert to finish the fabulous evening, and still had leftovers that we were fighting over for the next morning. Ask the whipped cream on the side if you're planning to reheat them the next day.
Best chicken parmigiana I've ever had the privilege of tasting. The marinara sauce is out of this world. Anyone looking for authentic, homemade Italian cuisine, I strongly recommend Antonios Trattoria.
The service was great and the food was good.  The bread they give you to start with is excellent.  It's just somehow not as good as some other options in the area, but they are able to accommodate more people.  The lunch special is also a good deal.  We were all very full and satisfied.
We went here solely based on how many 4- and 5-star reviews there were. The food, service and prices were quite good, but clearly we didn't love it as much as some other Yelpers.  We started with a green salad that was a good portion, and tasty, except for the tomatoes. It was late August, there were perfect tomatoes growing in every backyard and rooftop garden on Arthur Avenue, and this place was serving pink, crunchy ones trucked in from who-knows-where!  My daughter got a Caesar salad, which she found a little sour for her taste; maybe it's seasoned with lemon juice. I thought  it tasted OK, but was miffed that there were no anchovies. Someone next to me got an endive mound that looked good.  Entree was that night's special, a "polenta casserole" that was really good, though it looked more like a lasagna. There were 3 squares of polenta, between were a veal and sausage filling. That night's vegetable was string beans, which looked like they came from a can, but tasted better than they looked, with the help of my old friend, garlic.  Yeah, about that bartender... A few reviews have mentioned him. It seems he's there a lot; must be the boss, or the boss' right-hand man. He certainly is visible: he came out to sing Happy BIrthday (out of tune) to somebody, then rubbed my 17-year-old daughter's shoulder as he walked by. She didn't much care for that. That man is not as charming as he imagines himself after a few drinks; who is?  Our waitress, on the other hand, was as nice as could be, and the food was all very good except, as noted above, the tomatoes. Next time we're in the neighborhood, we'll probably try someplace different, but go, if you've never been.
This place is great. The food is pretty good but I had to break out the axe for whoever served me rubbery calamari and poorly seasoned clam sauce. So why 4 stars? Try the short ribs and the mini rice balls. Delicious. And they are one of the restaurants that has a really great tasting dunking sauce, a far cry from the sweet crap you tend to get at most places. If that's not enough, hang out with Joseph and John at the bar and ask for an espresso martini. That drink alone along with how much you'll laugh conversing with Joe (or as he serenades you) is enough for 5 stars to me. I'm not big on Martini's but I'm an espresso junkie, and it tastes like an ice cold double with a touch of sweet that eerily hides the huge amount of vodka that is cleverly masked and creeps up in your shoulders like a sexy ghoul. Lost 4 stars for destroying my seafood, gained 10 more because of the rest that made me a patron for life.
Nice place, good food. Started with some good bread then had the rigatoni and marinara with a house salad. Everything was fresh and served well. Staff were friendly and helpful. Looking forward to going back again.
thought we stepped into the movie goodfellas arriving at antonios - bada-bing, gaba-goo. service was prompt and taking care of business. bread was warm and fresh, house salad mediocre but the PIZZA was f-ing amazing. even for a thoroughbred newyorker i was pleasantly surprised. we ordered the large margarita pie and added a little ricotta. sooo good. we will be back for some more of this bx loving.
Excellent food here.  We went to Arthur Ave the first time and this restaurant will make us back here.  I love the gnocchi, soft and smooth like butter.
Excellent food and service defiantly a repeater Saltamiboca and tiramisu were exceptional.
We were disappointed by the food and atmosphere. This place is definitely not a 5 star restaurant like the other reviews suggested which makes me think they might be fake. Regardless, the area of the restaurant is not nice and the food was mediocre at best.
The lobster ravioli was great (5 stars), but the Chicken Quattro was a little over cooked and salty (3 stars). Good service and nice atmosphere.
Was here last night, for the second time, with virtually my entire family and will be back many more times.  It simply is a fantastic experience.  Warm, welcoming, skilled people -- and yes, Joe, is tremendously warm, genuine and a true New Yorker -- with fantastic, patient service (we had 9 people's arrivals to coordinate and they handled that beautifully) and great food.  Everything I've ever eaten here has been fresh tasting, well-seasoned, flavorful, natural, no tricks.  I woke up this morning reviewing the marinara sauce in my mind -- could it have been more seasoned? should it have been? -- and concluded that it was just perfect.  Natural tomato-y, light, a delicious compliment to delicately cooked food.  When was the last time you've had a waitress ask you if you'd like a little more sauce for your ravioli because she wasn't sure they put enough on?  (They brought a whole bunch more....yum.)  The broccoli rabe/cannoli bean bruschetta was fantastic, their bread is wonderful....the rest of the family had salmon, veal, chicken, pasta...all rated their meals very highly.  This is a fantastic restaurant -- might be a little tricky for some people to get to if you're not local, and you might want to take a cab there if you're coming from a less secure part of the Bronx (subway-stop-wise)....finally, the ricotta cheesecake (not the "traditional cheesecake") was sublime.  As was the Sambuca.  The house wines were entirely decent and reasonably priced, too.  You will not be let down here.  Memorable family events and dinners here for me.  Wish I lived closer.
We décide to go at Antonio's trattoria, food is  good but for a italian restaurant the espresso should be better and a little sweet should be serve with it. For the service they should be more attentive.will come back and send friends.
Excellent food and service!
Went here with a friend just to try out The food: was great, a nice menu with very interesting things on it. Also a nice list of specials. They were very accommodating as they customized the dish with no issues. The money: It was a little pricey but nothing crazy, depends on what you get The service: was awesome! Felt totally welcome when walking in by the owner. A waiter greeted us a few seconds later and took us to our seats. He knew the menu completely and was very nice. The place a little dark, a little quiet but very spacious. Comfortable seating and pleasant to look around.
I am a business exec and dine all over the TRi state area. With a soft spot for authentic Italian food and a fresh mozzarella enthusiast especially when it involves casa Della. Oh and the ravioli from Borgatti just amazing. They took the areas best and put it on the menu. It was my new favorite Italian restaurant. I brought numerous people here. Bragged about them to everyone. I am an above average eater. I am very picky But I am also an above average tipper 40% is typical. I recently started going to Antonio's at least every 2 weeks. And today was the day of the big feast in town so I know they were busy but Service was not at all what I had hoped I usually bring parties of 6 or more but this time was just me and the wife. We were seated outside One of their regular waiters not only had no recollection of who i was and all the business i brought in, but when he was told the espresso tasted funny like a moldy taste He defended it saying well it came right from the tap. I had only took a fraction of a swig so the cup was still full When asked if I wanted another one   I said no its ok Surprisingly He left it on the check. I mean come on It's not about the money It's just simple courtesy Unfortunately for him he didn't get my typical 40 percent instead I gave less than 15 percent. What was my favorite dropped a few notches I won't say I won't go back again the food is magnificent And I understand stuff happens It's just selfish moves like that can ruin a beautiful reputation.
I feel bad, as this is review solely based on the pizza.  Everything I've heard about this place has been great and everything I saw at other tables did as well.  For instance, I asked for waiter with lemon, and the waitress actually brought out lemon for the table.  Regard this as my disclaimer for the low rating, as I will be back here to try other things.  However, the pizza was one of the most disappointing I've had in a while.   We got 2 pies: a large margarita, and a pie with brocolli rabe and sausage.  I saw a brick oven here, but for some reason the fire wasn't going so maybe the pizza is somewhat better when it is working.  Regardless, the crust sucked.  It was flat and devoid of character and flavor.  It acted as a cracker that carried the toppings, but not even a tasty cracker like Staten Island "old fashioned" style pizza.  The sauce was good but not great; it belonged on pasta maybe, but not pizza.  The mozzarella they get daily from Casa della Mozzarella up the street, one of the city's best places for fresh mozzarella, but again it didn't work in practice.  It lost some of its flavor in the oven, and came out a bit rubbery.  The other pizza's sausage was too fatty and lacked a really nice porky flavor; this is inexcusable in Belmont, where there are plenty of options for great sausage.  The broccoli rabe was mediocre, and they didn't prepare it well both in cooking and chopping it up.  As a whole, both the pizzas here weren't the worst I've had, but I was definitely expecting a hell of a lot more.   I was really looking forward to Belmont having a few legitimate pizza options, as its really the only thing it lacks.  However, when it comes to pizza, this place trips on its own shoelace and falls on its face.  Oh well, I have still yet to try 089, so there may be hope yet.  I give this one star extra for the restaurant itself, even though this is a pizza that deserves less.
Antonio's:  wonderful, warm & inviting dining. The food is always great, and I have never been disappointed in trying the daily specials. If you're an Italian, you will know the difference!  A refreshing alternate to some of the stale old places in the neighborhood that rely just on their reputation. For family, business meals, large groups, it's a sure thing.       "It's perfect for us. A small family place, good food. Everyone minds his business. Perfect. They've got an old-fashioned toilet. You know, the box and the chain thing. We might be able to tape the gun behind it."    -Salvatore Tessio
Veal saltamiboca ($23) is great, veal marsalla is nothing special. The bartender is not the owner but he sure adds character to the place. The restaurant is named for the owners father . The service is good as well. This place is 2 blocks from Arthur st . If you're in the area I recommend this place for dinner.
Went for our 6 th wedding anniversary. Food and service was excellent. A block or so off of Arthur ave, but still probably one of the better restaurants in the area.
Good food and terrible wine selection, ugh! The waiters were nice.
I ordered the pasta carbonara and it was sub-par. It was pasta with alfredo sauce and prosciutto, for an authentic Italian restaurant I was very disappointed, but the atmosphere was pleasant. We also tried to use the offer for a free glass of wine with (from Yelp), and they would not redeem it because it was a Saturday, kind of disappointing, considering we ordered more than 1 drink.
We went to Arthur avenue to try the Italian food and we actually went to this restaurant just off of arthur avenue.  the food was delcious and the prices were reasonable.  it also had a great range of menu items.  We had the hot antipasto and a special appetitizer  - they were both delicous.  I would defintely go back and recommend it to others.
Excellent food, great service, can't wait to go back.
My Bronx boys picked this place last Saturday night so coming from bklyn I had to go out of respect lol. I met a very nice man thru my friends Chris and John, he's joe the singing bartender very funny made you feel like your home we had all kinds of antipasto clams mussels rice balls calamari everything was great .our dinners were also on the money down to the Nutella pie for dessert the service was awesome all and all great place great food and very clean the one knock is the men's bathroom is by the door you walk in lol
Food is amazing and the service is great. This place has a very friendly atmosphere and welcoming to all.  Ate here for the first time Sunday for lunch and I will be returning very soon.
First time at this restaurant and it was a great find. Food was delicious, Waiter was friendly and helpful, and the bartender was a scream. Can't wait to go back. It's everything you'd expect of an Italian restaurant in the Arthur Avenue area. The tiramisu was to die for.
Great food. A bit small, but the quality of food there is so good that we didn't mind. Went there for valentines day and the shrimp parmigiana was delicious. The food came quickly and the service was great. I am definitely coming back
Table for 8 at 6:00 on a Sunday evening; 1st visit to Antonio's and1st visit to Bronx for dinner. Food was delicious; recommend hot appetizer for two (or 3 easily) endive salad, the bread!, homemade pastas. Easy on street parking at that time. Friendly and efficient staff; great neighborly ambiance. Comfortable dining and very good traditional Italian dishes
It was good, but not amazing because I don't even remember what I had!!!
I just finished coming home with a heavy, full stomach. I'm glad I read the reviews that encouraged me to try out this authentic Italian restaurant. The reason why I didn't give this restaurant 5 stars was because, based on the reviews, I expected the appetizers to be out this world. It was good, but nothing extraordinary. I tried the calamari and garlic bread with mozzarella cheese. As for the entrees, my husband LOVED his steak and mashed potatoes. I had fettucini carbonara, I thought it was great, my husband thought it was delicious. I loved the atmosphere, the decor--people were extremely friendly, the noise level was a bit loud, but it didn't bother me because I'm Dominican and my ears are accustomed to it. All and all, my experience was great and I would recommend to anyone who wants to eat REAL Italian food.
We stumbled upon this place after going to the botanical gardens in the pouring rain. Supposedly this is the real little Italy! People were extremely friendly and the food was grreeeaattt!! We got primavera pizza plus endive and gorgonzola salad and the free bread was awesome
Roberto's is much better
Really amazing Italian in the Arthur Avenue (Little Italy) part of the Bronx.  Very large portions, delicious food, good and attentive service, easy parking.  Close to the Botanical Garden and Zoo.  Very nice restaurant.
Todd and I went here and had a wonderful meal and overall experience!  We will go back first chance we get!
Hospitality and the food. Consistently very good.
One of my favorite places in Arthur Ave..Food was fantastic..Started off with the Baby Arugala Salad..Baked Clams..Then had the Chicken Rollitini ..The staff is great along with the Bartender ..Highly reccomended place for Great Italian Food..Cant wait to go back
Authentic Italian Cuisine.  Little Italy's Best!
Followed Luigi to Antonio's from Queens where he had been working previously knowing he wouldn't work just anywhere with his good taste for food and wine.   Wasn't disappointed!  Food is delicious, the staff lots of fun and we had a ball!  Will be back soon.
Best Italian food in the Bronx. No, best Italian food in New York.. No, no.. Best Italian food outside of Italy - and i'm only saying that because i've never been to Italy but i'd be willing to bet that not even the greatest place in Italy can hold a candle to Antonios. If you want to just stuff your face with delicious food and get fat, come here. It's worth a trip to the Bronx - and that says a lot.
in the middle of Little Italy the Bronx ... an exquisite true italian restaurant with wonderful food! they have just what your looking for from seafood to meats and chicken to Pasta ... my fav is the traditional chicken parm with penne ... thinly sliced chicken breaded breast cooked just right with al dente penne and red sauce! everything from start to finish just makes this place worth a second and third visit!
Pretty good food even though it's off the Arthur ave strip.  I would say it's average for the area, but the area's pretty good so it's better than an average restaurant.
If you're in Little Italy, it is definitely worth it to walk a few blocks away from Arthur Avenue, to dine at Antonio's Trattoria.  Joseph, the manager, welcomed us and informed us that they used fresh pasta for their dishes, so that sounded good to us!  Our waitress was knowledgeable, helpful and patient.  Food was delicious!!!  (wish we were able to eat MORE!!!!)  It's wonderful to go to a restaurant with great food, but the experience is made even better when you are made to feel special by the staff!  Can't wait till we are back in the Bronx and can return!!!!!
Outstanding food and service!   Melt in your mouth veal parm.  Super fresh seafood - both the seafood pasta and the mussels appetizer.   Wonderful marinara sauce.  And the polpettina are super tasty.
I love this place!  I read the reviews before dragging a friend along with me to my childhood neighborhood.  Very nice and friendly atmosphere and a beautiful bar.  I really wondered if the food could be as good as everyone was saying?  Well the answer is a resounding YES!!!  We started off with two martinis, an apple martini for my friend and a mango for me, which were on the house! Umm they were so good. We ordered calamari as an appetizer and it was perfect. I ordered chicken parm with ziti and my friend ordered shrimp scampi with string beans.  They both were delicious!  The chicken parm was tender, juicy and not overly breaded.  I tasted my friends shrimp scampi and it was oh so good!  We both left stuffed and extremely satisfied!   There was a woman named Barbara sitting across from us who was celebrating her birthday and the bartender Joe came over to sing to her, it was very entertaining, I loved it and it wasn't even my birthday. I ordered the Nutella pizza to go and can't wait to try it but I'm still stuffed. If you are in the neighborhood, or even if you are not (and you have to make the trip like we did), make sure to stop in at Antonio's Trattoria, you won't be disappointed.
Two nights ago it was my in-laws anniversary so we took them to Antonio's trattoria. This time we decided to try the rapini pizza it was delicious. We order the bucatini al sarde and the eggplant lasagna they were delicious too. My in-laws say that the bucatini al sarde and the eggplant lasagna are traditional in Italy, however the lasagna we thought that it was made with pasta but when my father in law saw it and taste it he said that this dish is very traditional in campagna Italy.
Walking into Antonio's is like coming home. We live in state college,pA, but own an apartment in the Bronx. We come to the Bronx every three weeks for a long weekend. There are other great restaurant's in Little Italy in the Bronx, but Antonio's has adopted us as family. Joe, John, Lauren, Cory and the rest, including the bar crowd, are like family. For the food, anything  you want and need, just ask! Love you guys, Dan and Gordie
All class, great food, great service.  The appetizers were the highlight.  Rice balls, prosciutto and goat cheese stuffed figs, calamari...to die for.  Anthony even saw my niece getting restless and let her make a pizza with the chef.  Great place for a family meal, classy yet relaxed.  I'd go back in a heartbeat.
This is a great neighborhood joint. By neighborhood joint, I mean you go in there and they make you feel like you've been there before, and they love you. In this case though, I was meeting with a friend who had been there many times before and they did love her. The food is 4 stars, creative specials that mostly come together into pretty yummy way. We ordered mostly specials, and had fried portabella stuffed with cheese and sun dried tomatoes over a bed of greens which was great. Stuffed clams,standard and nothing special. Their sea bass special yielded a really big piece of fresh fish that was cooked so that it was flaky and really yummy, in a bit of butter and spices. The pork loin special tasted a bit under-seasoned and overcooked, though the cheesy grits that came with it were good. Chris, our server was very knowledgeable and recommended a terrific bottle of wine. I heard the char This is a great birthday place because they put on quite a little show to embarrass the birthday boy/girl.
Great service very attentive from the minute we walked. Party of six with very demanding seniors at the table, the waitress just smiled and helped with all the off the menu demands. The food was very good the homemade manicotti was excellent .  The pork special with risotto was also wonderful, there was not one complaint .
great meal! great service!  their Fettuccine Carbonara is the best I have ever had.. absolutely the best.  which they served the Arthur Ave bread with the sesame seeds... ( that is my one and only complaint... wonderful place.  can't wait to go back
Food was great, atmosphere was warm and inviting, drinks were great and service was great!!! Deserves every star! Will be coming back soon!!
Absolutely love this place! A large group of us went here on a Saturday afternoon for lunch. Started off with one of the most delicious bloody marys  I've ever had. For all you horseradish lovers you must try one! Everyone enjoyed their meals (lasagna, chicken parm, pasta with sausage, pizza, and soft shell crabs). I ordered the gnocchi  alla boscaiola, which is gnocci with sausage in a light tomato sauce. OMG! Gnocchi were the best I've ever had. Super light and the sauce was so delicious. I sopped up every last drop with the yummy bread. Portion was large so I was able to share dish with my fiance. He loved it too! Desserts were great also. One guest thought the cannoli was the best he's ever had. Cheesecake and tiramisu were also great. Can't wait to go back!
Just visited this fabulous restaurant this week with friends!  Our food and service was beyond excellent!  Luigi and his helpers not only made us feel at home, but served us some of the most delicous italian dishes I've ever eaten!  The broccoli rabe bruschetta was SO yummy and the gnocchi was hands down the best ever!!!!  Since we decided to order a variety of appetizers and entrees (family style) within seconds they pulled up another table next to ours to accommodate all of our food!  We ended our meal with a Nutella pie ~ not to be missed!!!   Go visit this place and ask for "Luigi" ~ you won't be disappointed!
I've been dining at Antonio's for about two years now and it's my favorite restaurant in the neighborhood.  The food and service are both very good.  The atmosphere is very relaxed and welcoming.  Joe the manager is great.  I've had my last two birthday dinners there and I go for lunch often.  It's as friendly and comfortable when you dine alone as when you are in a group of 6 or 8.  The prices are very reasonable too.  It's a great place for a traditional Italian-American meal.
Went there today with my family to celebrate our anniversary.  We were treated very well and welcomed from the front door to the dinning room. Service was good so was the food. We will go again.
My husband and kids and I ate here last night. The service was fantastic, very family-oriented atmosphere. The food was excellent.....We had the cold antipasto (which was really big), bean and broccoli rabe soup which was amazing! Then for dinner we had the gnocchi caprese and eggplant fiorentino and they were fabulous. Excellent food, excellent service, reasonably priced. If I am ever in the area again, I will definitely look for it!
antonios is a very nice italian restaurant in the heart of the arthur ave section of the bronx.they offer many choices of pastas seafood and  meat.service was excellent,atmosphere upbeat.you have to have anyone of the salads  pricey maybe but worthit.the main courses were good portions.all of our entrees were excellent.cant say anything about desert,we left and went  to one of the many pastry shops for coffee and pastry.i would suggest going on a saturday night and feel the excitement of arthur ave.you dont have to be italian,reservations a must
