Fantastic beer selection, I especially love the Empire Stout, perfectly poured, pure heaven. The food is also quite delicious, love the warm soft, salty pretzel, and while the ribs had a wonderful flavor, they were really lacking some meat on those bones! A second try and the ribs were still anorexic, too bad because the flavor is spot on.
Watched the Superbowl at Growlers, and had a great time. The wings were delicious, and they offered good beer specials to go with them. Eric is well versed in the menu and suggested some beers I wouldn't have tried otherwise which were total winners. Good group watching the game, I felt right at home. Thanks!
We've never eaten here, but have been in for drinks a few times. Nice atmosphere, wide variety of beers and the menu looks promising. Great location right by the Tuckahoe train station. Service has never been an issue for us, but we've only been in during off-hours when the place isn't packed.
Delicious food, incredible beer selection (all reasonably priced), and excellent waitstaff. Recently moved to the area, and complained of boredom to local friends who brought us to Growler's - a suburban gem!
Great beer place in Westchester. Nice setting in what appears to be an old train station or its just modeled after one but its very cool inside.  Plenty of space for a decent size bar with about two dozen taps and a bunch of tables for people to sit at. They aren't kidding when they say they are the best beer bar in the world (from an independent survey). My friend and I went on a Saturday night, there was a decent crowd of mostly locals. Over several hours we had most of the beers on tap.  Gene was out bartender all night and he is the man, ever willing to answer a question or give you a taste of any of their beers on tap. They also recently received their full liquor license, featuring some usual characters and other locally distiller liquors. They had a limited menu since it was but we ordered some wings and they were really good.  The artichoke spread looked great as well. They will fill growlers as is the name of the establishment. I guess the only downside would be the price, things can get expensive very quickly but they are very generous with the pours and it's s fun atmosphere.  I will def be back here the next time I'm in Tuckahoe.
I've been coming here for about 2 years now. I love this place. The burgers are awesome,  and there's a really clever selection of well thought out specialty burgers. But I can say that without question the Rosemary chicken burger is one of the best things I've ever had. It's absolutely flawless.  The mac and cheese is great. I could go on listing everything I love from this place. But not only is the food incredible, but the beer selection is great. Not quite as much as yardhouse, but great none the less. I've seen in a few reviews that the wait staff are stuck up or rude, but I've never had anything but a pleasurable experience. Trivia night is fun, and basically every other night has a lively feel to it.
I am definitely a fan of Growlers. Our brunch experience last week was only ok. Service was slooooowwww - both from the kitchen and in getting our check. I had the open faced BLT - great on paper but kind of awkward in execution. The bread was thick cut and chewy and very difficult to cut through. I asked for a steak knife and even then the whole table was wobbling as I attempted to saw thru my sandwich. I'll keep Growler's on my list of enjoyable pubs - their beer is good and the menu is interesting.
The wait was very long and when finally sat down it took another five minutes before our server  came over. We ordered and our food took forever! I was with my two boys . Food finally came after at least forty five minutes and i ordered the mussels which were not  edible. I never saw the waitress and when we did she was preoccupied on her other tables ! The manager came over and he began doubting what I has explained to him about the length of time we waited. To top it off I asked our server for the check and she took 10 minutes to bring it to me and another 10 minutes to bring me my change. The only positive to this so called so called dining experience  was that the Mac and cheese side and brisket sandwich was a hit for the kids...
The place is pretty great. Kind of hidden, yet a gem. It seems bigger inside than I expected from the outside. Awesome beer menu where you can also make your own flight. The day we ended up trying this out was IPA day, so I tried different IPA's. I soon realized I don't like most IPA's, haha. My own fault! Great idea though. I tried the smoked chicken sandwich. This sandwich was DELICIOUS. It was everything I loved in one. Jack cheese, avocado, spinach, tomato, AND on a pretzel bun!? YES PLEASE! My girlfriend had the pulled pork sandwich which she said was also tasty. We will definitely be back when in the area.
Sometimes all one wants to do is have a little sit down and have a bite, enjoy and not think too much. This should not be too hard to do. Especially when it seems by the look of things that all should go well. Growlers is appealing to the eye and their menu has lots of interesting options (moules) but all we wanted were some veggie burgers and a couple of seltzers. Their beer menu certainly was tempting but being tired and needing to drive afterwards, we decided to save a flight tasting until the next visit. I was glad to see that they had some veggie options but sometimes looks can be deceiving. Case in point I asked if they could cook the burgers in a separate pan from those which are cooked on the grill in meat grease. Otherwise really what is the point of a veggie burger. I realize that perhaps this will change the burger a bit from perhaps what is intended but I would rather have it cooked in a pan than on the greasy meaty grill. Really, is this so difficult? And what really bugged me is that the waitress was argumentative with me about it without even asking the kitchen and with clear disrespect of my/our dietary wishes. Why even bother than putting on the menu to advise a server, etc of a dietary restriction and the like if they are seemingly unwilling? In any event they did do it and it was mushy in a bad way but this is because they hurried it. And the fries that came with it were about a minute or so undercooked and most likely frozen to begin with... For a gastropub-like business, freshly cut non-frozen fries should be a given. As should non-stale buns which I ripped most of away anyhoo. And refills when the glass runs dry of $3 mostly ice seltzer. I was hungry so I ate, but it was less than satisfying and made me feel blimpy afterwards... And despite our less than ah-mazing experience we might be willing to give them another go and catch that flight we missed. Maybe that is the key to Growlers. Drinks. What does not look better with one's beer goggles on? ;))) The pretzel bread was good though and I would suggest that as a noshie accompaniment to the flight du jour. Nice looking place but they have to deliver the goods if they want people to come in for the full experience. youtube.com/watch?v=3uma…
I can give this place 5 stars on the beer selection alone. They have a ton of local brews and usually some really hard to find stuff. They change their selection every few weeks or so and always have new beer to try. Their flight glasses are bigger than any other beer bar I've ever been to (6 oz) and their prices are average for the quality of beer you're drinking. Also, their food is pretty damn good. Try the Texas brisket sliders.
This place is fantastic on paper: wide selection of high quality craft brews, constantly changing taps, excellent food (Murray's cheese plate, yes!), and great music. Prices aren't outrageous, the owners often hang out and interact with customers, and the crowd is friendly, albeit mostly white and middle/upper class. That being said, the wait staff is less than ideal. Most of them are fairly unmemorable. They take care of you but don't seem particularly knowledgeable about the beer or food - a MAJOR issue if the most macro beer they sell is Brooklyn Lager. Avoid Bernadette like the plague. She is one of the most recognizable faces in the bar, waiting tables most evenings. I once asked her about the cheese plate - double checking on whether it was from Murray's or not - and she had no idea, nor did she offer to check. She's worked there for years and the menu hasn't changed much. She's just as callous with the beer and it's often apparent that her biggest concern is encouraging you to order more, thus increasing her tip. This is a woman who would be far better suited to working in a diner, not at a gastropub. The bartenders, however, are great. If you're going with only one other person, try to sit at the bar. They'll take better care of you. My suggestion to the owners is to either get new wait staff or to put them through some rigorous training, getting them up to speed with the menu.
Beer selection was good and the only thing our waitress seemed to know about. Went for late weekend lunch-it was a 2 hour ordeal despite being only 1 of 2 tables in the place.   Although in the kitchens defense our waitress did tell us she forgot about us on at least one occasion so maybe she was the problem. Food was mediocre-what was good was good but more bad than good.  My grilled cheese sandwich had globs of unmelted butter underneath the barely melted cheese. Will not return.
My husband and I checked this place out on a Friday afternoon around 1pm. It was a little tricky to find as we are not from the area. We walked in and there were no other customers in the place. The bartender was on the phone, but nodded to us and told us to sit wherever we wanted. She brought us some menus and apolgized for being rude (while on the phone). After taking our order and answering a few questions for us, she brought our drink orders. I had the pear blackberry cider and my husband had some form of beer. We ordered the pretzel bread with mustard sauce as an appetizer. When it came out i was just a roll of pretzel bread, but smelled delicious. It tasted good, but was dissapointed that it was just a single roll of pretzel bread. I ordered the smokehouse burger with brisket on it with the growler fries (decontructed baked potatoe). The burger was cooked to my liking and had good flavor. The fries, were just fries with bacon and cheese, nothing special. The service was good, the waitress checked on us often enough. We would come back for another visit for the burgers!
I'm happy to have finally visited Growlers as it is in my neighborhood.  I was lured in by the Tuesday evening trivia night.  I'm a fan of intellectual stimulation with food and drink.  The food here is delicious and my palette is challenged by the diversity of beer.  Each time I go back I try a new type of beer - some are to my liking, others are not. Growlers gets crowded and it isn't a huge place but there is a nice crowd and I've always had good service.
Still loving Growlers.  Was here last week.  The loco burger was delicious!  And, as always, the hot artichoke dip was so good!  I like that they have cocktails now - not just beer and wine.  Dirty Martini?  Yes please! Overall, for an inexpensive and comfortable hang out, Growlers can't be beat.
Draft a review? This is the place to review the drafts - on tap beers, that is. This place is great if you love artisanal beers. And great even if you don't like beer. Very friendly efficient staff; great selection of beers on tap. Not too loud live music (it was a Saturday night). Didn't  try the food, but will be back.
This review is long overdue as I've been a Growlers regular for about two years now. Comfort food, awesome variety of craft beers, and a very relaxing atmosphere. The staff is very welcoming and know so many of the customers by name which I love. The majority of them are obviously beer geeks who really like sharing their knowledge and opinions of beers. They also have a beer trail that you can sign up for for free and track all the beers you have ... You get prizes along the way... It's a great way to get involved and learn more about beer/talk with the staff. The other bar patrons are very laid back and fun to get to know. The menu has been relatively the same for awhile but they just started doing specials every weekend which is a really nice touch... Keeps it interesting. Saturday nights are my favorite night to hang out there - mainly an older more sophisticated crowd, and live music! A great and delicious local spot.
Went here for the first time this past Saturday night. I had a groupon, for 2 drinks and 25 dollars worth of food. It was such a great deal! The prices I'm listing are their normal prices. The beer selection was great, the beers were $6-$8 each. I got a pineapple and jalapeno sakitini ($8) and it was sooo good. I love pineapple and jalapeno separately and was a little nervous about how the fusion would be but the flavors really complimented each other. For food my boyfriend and I shared a half rack of ribs (about $13 I think), which came with fries, a "duck dog" which also came with fries ($5.50) and the mussels ($13 or so)  I saw another reviewer thought that the ribs could have used some more meat but I thought they were a good size. The flavor was smokey and spot on. So good. The fries were also delicious.. the people next to us got bacon on theirs so I will definitely have to ask for that next time. Now I thought the duck dog sounded strange; but my boyfriend really wanted it and he LOVED it. I hate hot dogs so I tired a little of it and thought it was ok.. but I don't think I would have liked any kind of "dog" so go on his suggestion for that haha. The mussels had an amazing flavor! It was like a buttery white wine garlic tomato sauce that was soo good I was pretty much eating it with a spoon when I was done. It was that good. It came with bread, but I don't eat gluten, so the spoon it was! haha. I had a minor issue with the mussles, because the shell kept breaking into little pieces in the sauce and when I was dipping the fries in there I kept eating little pieces of the shell. But it was a minor problem and only happened a couple of times. I really like the atmosphere in there. My boyfriend said it reminded him of Austin, Texas, where he used to live. They had a band that played really nice background music. Love the decor. A lot of people in their late 20s-early 30s. Our waitress Bernadette was really sweet and concerned about us having a nice time. The manager came over to us to see how our meal was and seemed genuine interested in what we had to say, which I really appreciate. I would definitely come back and eat here.
First the good things. The staff was friendly and the beer selection is wide, interesting and tasty. The food is pretty good, too. Our problem was the service. We arrived when the restaurant was half full and ordered appetizers right away. Within 15 minutes or so, we also ordered entrees. About 45 minutes later, nothing had arrived. When we protested, the staff was nice enough and kind of rolled their eyes as if they couldn't really do much. After a really, really long time, the food started arriving in spurts. Five of us had finished and two hadn't even gotten their entrees yet. And then, the appetizers arrived! After all of the entrees! We all agreed that the burgers, fries and beers were tasty, but couldn't figure out why they had such a hard time getting the food out of the kitchen on a relatively slow night. They also asked us to put in "last orders" at around 7:45 on a Sunday night. Not sure how late they're open, but even in a senior citizen part of Florida, 7:45 would be kind of early to shut down. So, if you want a great beer, head on over. If you want some food, be sure you've got lots of time! Like the other reviewer who gave two stars, I feel bad giving this review, but the slow and erratic service was really a problem for us and didn't make for a very good experience. I also like the place and feel that it has a lot to offer. Hopefully, things will improve because I would also like to go back to a better experience.
Surprised MH last night by coming here for his birthday dinner.  I'm such a good wifey because I don't even drink beer ;) luckily for me they also have my drink of choice wine!  We started with bruschetta - you can pick 3 different or have  all the same.  We did 3 different - ricotta, tomato, and mushroom.  The ricotta and mushroom were both very good, the tomato was meh.  We also had to start the artichoke spread which was THE BOMB!  I burnt the roof of my mouth I couldn't wait ...it was really delicious.  I really wanted to try the Devils on Horseback but MH isn't a blue cheese fan so being his birthday I had to pass on those, maybe next time.  For our entrees I had the smoked chicken sandwich which I was totally loving on the pretzel bread and MH had the grilled vegetable sandwich which he enjoyed thoroughly.  Oh and the fries, oh the friesssss they were extremely tasty as well... they are tossed with parmesan, parsley, and bacon bits with a sour cream dipping sauce.  Enough said! Since I'm not a fan of beer I can't remark much on this, sowwie, but the hubs had several glasses and enjoyed all and even brought home a growler full of one he had.  The waiter was awesome and well versed with his beer knowledge and attentive.  He offered and brought over samplers and helped MH make selections. The place was a bit on the small side so I can see how on the weekends it could be pizzackked with a wait since they don't take reservations.   Either way we will definitely be crossing the Tappan Zee Bridge to come here again and soon!
We went here for the first time for dinner on Thursday night around 7:30pm because we had a Groupon. First, the beer selection is very good. Now that's the ONLY thing positive I have to say about this place. It wasn't busy so we thought it would be a nice quiet dinner. It took the bartender 10 minutes to even say anything to us once we arrived. Then we took a couple of  minutes to look over their beer menu. Once we chose what we wanted it took 20 min for us to get our beer. Its freaking BEER!!! Its not like the bartender is mixing drinks back there. We ordered dinner and an appetizer. It took OVER an hour to get our food, then our dinner came out BEFORE our appetizer!!! SERIOUSLY!?!?! The place is TINY, why does it take that long to get our food???? Its not worth the aggravation for a burger and a beer. Plus its way over priced to fill up a growler, I'd rather go to DeCicco's for better prices.
I've been back to Growlers twice for food and both times, the food was delicious! The first time I went to Growlers for dinner, I was with my parents who were in from out of town and my son. It was a Sunday night but the place was hoppin'. The poor waiter was clearly in the weeds (he was the only server working and it seemed that the entire restaurant was seated at once), but was never once rude, impatient or negligent. We got the Growler burger, the Tuckahoe Cheese Steak, and my son got the Mac 'n cheese. The Growler burger was juicy, totally hit the spot and came with a huge side of fries that was topped with parmesan cheese and bacon bits. I didn't get a taste of the cheese steak because my dad inhaled it before I could get a bite though he said it was very good. The mac n' cheese was excellent...cheesy and topped with buttery-bread crumbs. The second time, I met a couple girlfriends for dinner and drinks. We had the same waiter (older guy with a goatee) and again, he was fantastic...attentive and helpful without being pushy and overbearing. Awesome. If all servers could be like him, the world would be a better place. Anyway...back to the food. We started with an order of marinated olives and the bruschetta (tomato + arugula pesto, mushrooms + cream sauce, eggplant + goat cheese). For our main course, I split the charcuterie plate with one of my friends and my other friend got the dinner special: roast duck medallions served with mushroom risotto over a red wine reduction. Ohmygod. The duck was melt-in-my-mouth amazing. The meats we got on the charcuterie plate (which came with little pickles, olives, melba-toast-ish crackers and whole seed mustard) were the wild boar (sausage), the mangalica (like a prosciutto) and the chorizo and they were all very tasty. I can't wait to go back...which will be soon.
Good low key music in late afternoon. Beer selection was OK. I guess I am spoiled by the Craftsman house in Harrison. Food was OK. Burgers were interesting. Devils on horseback were fabulous but the hush puppies were dry.
This is probably one of the best restaurants in Westchester. It's casual and unpretentious yet offers better quality food and beer than most places in the surrounding area. The rotating craft beer selection is likely to have at least one beer you would like and the bartenders are very knowledgeable in recommending beer/liquor drinks based on your preferences. In terms of food, the menu carries updated renditions of classic pub food. Their wings are delicious; crispy and coated, not drenched, with original buffalo wing hot sauce. I'd also recommend anything with their house-smoked pulled pork. Honestly everything on their menu is solid and there isn't anything they do poorly. They also have weekly events practically every night to keep things interesting. All in all, a great and much needed addition to the otherwise stuffy and boring Westchester restaurant scene!
The first time I went here . I was happy with decor. selection of craft beers are great. The food is pricey for what it is. Second time I went with a friend to confirm my first impressions. I left second time feeling same way. Great selection of beer. They improved on Decor added projectors, changed seating, etc. Food was good.  However it was still pricey for what it is.
Positives - Absurdly good food. - Outrageous selection of beers and the staff is very helpful if you don't know what any of them are. - Fantastic prices. - Fun vibe. - Great parking. Negatives - It's not Smith & Wollensky?  I don't know.  None.  Seriously.
After a NY Times review a few months ago, I was waiting for the opportunity to try Growlers Beer Bistro.  We were in the area on a Sunday afternoon, and decided to give it a shot.  Friendly waitress, good service.  Great beer selection.  Food was OK.  I tried the bacon infused burger, with pulled pork and cheddar cheese on it.  Not as much flavor as I expected, the bun was really big (in comparison to the burger).  The fries were good, but not great.  Others at the table had the buffalo wings.  We happened to be there during a football game, so they were only a quarter each.  Very greasy, good flavor.  Hot, but not too hot. Decor nice.  Service good.  Food, OK.  Beer selection expansive. Even a craft soda listing.  I think that's the first restaurant I've been to with a craft soda menu.  My daughter had a soda and ten wings (soda more than the wings, but she said the best cream soda she has ever had).  I'd go back if I were in the neighborhood, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
Great beer, great wings, friendly service, nice crowd, good vibe, and cool space. What else could you ask for from a beer bistro?
We came in for my friend's birthday. Mind you because of yelp we thought that reservations weren't taken. Not true. They do take reservations. Even so we came with 8 people. The place was already packed. All that my group could say was, "Oh shit, there's no way we're going to get seated." Not true. Not only did they find seats for us. Our waiter made sure we were comfortable and gave us great recommendations for food and drinks. We had a great night!! We're making this place our new hang out spot!  Great craft beers, really amazing burgers and appetizers. Something for everyone. By 10 pm a live band started playing some awesome rock! We had a blast. Will be coming here a lot more.
Great discovery in Tuckahoe. Perfect place to meet friends before you head out to dinner or great place to grab bar food. Crowd was mixed but everyone was there for one reason, to hang out and grab a cold beer. Large tap selection. Seating is limited especially as it gets later in the night. I will definitely be back!
Growlers is a stones throw away from my apartment, so my boyfriend frequent here for trivia on Tuesdays, as well as their delicious Sunday brunch.  The place is on the small side, so it can fill up quickly, but snagging a spot at the bar is one of the best.  The food is fantastic, we've eaten at the bar as well as taken stuff to go, and we have had no complaints yet.  For brunch, the growler frittata is spot on, and for lunch/dinner, their sandwiches are great. The waitstaff and bartenders are great, when we go, we typically see Eric, who always takes great care of us.  Great selection at the bar, my boyfriend tries all the different tap beers, I stick to their cider (they used to have a very limited selection, now they've expanded to include a Blackberry Pear cider, which is absolutely delicious).  We recommend this place, it's always a great place for drinks and food.
A place that offers beer is usually a plus. Not when the staff can be a little stuck up Bartender probably had a bad night who knows. Regardless still need to be professional!! Food was ok nothing to die for. Small servings for a big price. Its a bar not a high end resturant in the city. Some friends are I wanted to try something different while heading up state for the weekend. So disapointing! Not going back again ever neither are my friends. I will agree with a previous post the other reviewers probably did eat at another place. Found a better establishment walking distance...
Location: decent modern looking room, like an airport bar.  in an old brick warehouse-type building.  parking lot. Beer:  very nice selection Food: ribs - awful; sliders - pretty bad Service: friendly
Okay food and beer selection...not as good as Yardhouse. And though the charcuterie platter I had was very good, it was a bit on the skimpy side..especially the duck sausage..which was the best part. The beer selection is decent..mostly craft. The red ale I had at first sucked big time, nothing like the Rodenbach that I love. I had a Flying Dog in heat Wheat after that, and that was great...love me my hefeweizens. Service was sllllllloooooooooowwwwwwwww...the waiter there needs to get the rocks out of his shoes and the plug out of his ass.
This is a great place to bring the boy for some drinks and yummy food or watch the games with a bunch of friends.  The food is better than expected-they have GREAT cheese and charcuterie plates. The beer list is so big and the staff so friendly. Will definitely be coming back especially for the pumpkin beer the rimmed with sugar and cinnamon! Yum!!!!
Stopped in here with the intention of grabbing a quick pint, and ended up staying for an hour and change.  Started with a 2x IPA from Southern Tier which was served at room temp.  They're really good about letting you taste beers before you decide which I liked.  Ended up getting the bruschetta - salmon rillete, eggplant caponata and goat cheese and tomato and arugula pesto - and it was easily some of the best bruschetta I've had.  The texture was spot on (so hard to do!), crunchy but not overly crisp and the flavors melded nicely.  I followed up with growler chips and wanted really badly to like them (billed as slivers of idaho served with bacon, parsley and parmesan on the website), but they were cold when they got to the table and not particularly good.  Great job on the beer and bruschetta, but some consistency would be nice!
The number one strength of Growlers is the ridiculously amazing customer service. The food is good, the beers are IPA heavy, but the staff are absolutely wonderful. No matter how crowded the bar was, drinks stayed full (including the tap water). The food was prompt and we were comped the one dish that was lackluster, even though we said it was "fine" but we clearly hadn't eaten that much of it. This place wins.
Tuckahoe cheesesteak is my fav!
Great staff, very open to allowing tastes if need be before deciding which brew to indulge.  Rotating selection, nice bar to saddle up to.  Really good wings, and ribs.
Fantastic bar! My girlfriend lives down the street from this place and finally we have a place to go out to when I visit her. The beer list is impressive and mostly local with cask ale (Cask Ale in Westchester!). The growler filling station is pretty remarkable too.
Stopped in today for the first time in a few months. Food used to be solid, but they have a new chef and I ordered hush puppies, a special. I'm a fan of grease, but these things squirted oil with each bite. Totally inedible (I'm pretty sure she's frying them ahead and refrying a second time to reheat them, yechhh!). Hard-edged bartender didn't even blink as I paid and left, leaving the order almost totally untouched. He was fine with it. Maybe this happens a lot and he's used to it. Beer selection includes some really good choices. But they don't get much of a beer geek crowd, so kegs can sit forever and get nasty (be sure to ask for tastes before committing to a pint). Can't beat the convenience, right at the train station. But I wish the place was better. It had so much potential when it opened.
Can't get enough of the beer selection.  Every time I go I have to have the smoked chicken sandwich with avacado on pretzel bread.... There is nothing better.  The artichoke dip is also the best I ever had... Haven't had a bad dish!  You can't mess this up! P.S.  don't forget to order the growlers chips
Tried this place last night- Amazing beer menu for any level - racer 5, IPA's, stouts- and I am told by the staff its is frequently changing. Menu was tasty enjoyed a spicy/savory venison chili, wild mushroom and guyere bruschetta, charcuterie plate (you chose the amount) with wild boar, chorizo etc. paired with a great grainy mustard.Then menu offered a variety of warm, spicy and flavorful appetizers and although I filled up on the appetizers I will be returning to sample one of the burgers.
If you like craft beers this is the place. There is a ton of them and you can sample before you purchase. The bartenders are very friendly and so is the staff.. The food is pretty good. I like are the gators on a horseback (prunes stuffed w goat cheese wrapped in bacon), the pretzel bread, the mussels, the tractor toast (large grilled cheese with a non standard cheese-name escapes me). Definitely a place to check out for a few unique beers and food. 25c wings for football on Sunday with 3 flat screens and 2 huge projectors on the wall.
The only way to describe this place for me, is that it is odd. We went on a Friday night and it surprisingly wasn't too crowded. Being a pretty big beer drinker, I was very excited to check out the draft list. I would say it was pretty decent. Score. We were a party of 4 and immediately ordered 3 drafts and 1 flight. This is so weird to type because it honestly never happened to me but all of the beers were room temperature. When I had said something to our waitress she was very apologetic, but tried to tell us that two of them were on cask. Really? I have had plenty of beers on cask before and yes, they are supposed to be warmer, but not hot and completely flat. And what about the 6 others that weren't on cask? It was very hard to guzzle down a 50 degree ipa but once I did, I just ordered from the bottle list which seemed to be a better choice for the night. Fine. We had also mentioned to the waitress that it stated on the website it was ladies night ($2 off drafts) which she seemed to know nothing about. she said she would check and never returned with an answer and we forgot to bring it up again since we ordered our next beers from the bottle list anyway. Now for the food... Once we finally did get our food (maybe an hour later?) our burgers that we all ordered medium and 1 medium rare were well done and seemed to have been sitting a while. We sent the one back tht was ordered medium rare( I hate sending food back and they probably should have all been sent back) but it came back medium, but at least it was hot and not dry. It's honestly a shame, because you could tell that all of the ingredients involved with making this burger- beef, bacon chutney etc were good quality ingredients.. They must of just had a very off night. All in all I don't think I would go back and I'm not sure it's going to last. The burgers are very overpriced and hopefully they fix the temp and carbonation issues with their taps.
Great beer selection! What a nice change of atmosphere in Westchester. Fun like a pub but not as grungy. Wasnt sure what to get and the bartender was great about giving samples to find what we wanted. Tuckahoe and Westchester need a place like this.
Good beer selection and food...they let you sample any of the beers on tap,which is definitely a plus. And, on Tuesdays, they have trivia night, which is free and awesome! Ryan, the guy who runs it, is entertaining and plays good music between questions.
Ordered the chicken sandwich. Not very happy with the food. My sandwich had one small thin slice of avocado and very little chicken. The beer selection is great and I will return just for a beer, but I will not return for diner.
My fiance and I love to go here after work and grab a few unique beers. The food is better than typical pub food and the service is decent. It always seems to be packed around 7 so try to get there a little early if you want to get in and out
Went for an afternoon bday party... Beers and burger were good. Selection is adequate. I'll be back.
Love everything about this place. Great beer selection, food, service and atmosphere. Try it if you love a good beer bar! Also have tap wine!!
One of my favorite restaurants and it keeps getting better.  The food is excellent, especially the ribs and the Growler Burger and the beer is great too.  My favorite thing about this restaurant is that the menu is constantly changing and there are always new things to try.  Prices are more than fair and the service is excellent.
Thoroughly enjoyable.  Nice room, great selection of beers, solid menu,fairly priced.  Praiseworthy items include special burger, brisket, house chips.  Perfectly fine for kids, too, at least at reasonable hours.
They have expanded their menu and now have wings (along with lots of other good stuff!).  Growlers, you never disappoint!
My boyfriend and I have been to Growlers several times. The first time we went was pretty soon after they opened, and we had some really delicious small-plate specials.  We've been a couple of times since then, and they seem to have stopped doing specials. The food I've gotten the past couple of times has better than simply edible, but not exactly the best burger or sandwich I've ever had either. The service is friendly, and when things are slow, they're very attentive, but it seems like they're often understaffed because once tables start to fill up, things kind of fall apart. But, they're a good alternative to the usual picks, and we love the beer selection!
Love this place. The beer selection is great and the food is amazing. I can't wait for them to expand their menu more. Best of all the service. These guys go above and beyond- I wish I could remember some names but every server we have had there has been so helpful and fun to be around. This is a great place!
We went on a Sunday night and the server told us right awy that they had a crazy night the night before and were out of a lot of things. That sucked, but I appreciate the honesty. They were out of the one hard cider they carry (Docs) and I'm allergic to hops, so I tried one of their specialty sodas. It was excellent. I forget the brand, but it was a lemonade. Fizzy and not too sweet. Food was above average...the devils on horseback (prunes stuffed with blue cheese and wrapped in bacon) were delicious. Cheeseburger was cooked exactly as ordered (medium well) and nicely seasoned. Good bun. Small salad on the side was okay, nothing special. Dipping sauce/condiment thing on the side was awesome...cream cheesey thing with bacon and herbs maybe? Fries come seasoned with (real) bacon bits, parm and parsley. Very good. Menu is on the small side, but with great burgers like that, I don't mind. The room wasn't what I was expecting...really not a pub or bar kind of a vibe. Almost lounge-like with some low tables and some high pub ones, too. The football game was on but hard to see from where we were, I don't think it's a place to go if a crowd of you wants to catch the game.
Great restaurant!!!  All of the staff is very friendly and the beer selection is amazing.  The food is excellent.  The chicken sandwich served on pretzel bread with avocado is a sure hit.  You have to try the pretzel bread and the deep fried avocado wedges are to die for.  Anything on the menu is sure to be delicious.  Great atmosphere.  I highly recommend this place!
I'm very disappointed at what I see as a big change at Growlers Beer Bistro. I've been there several times and the food and drink have been of excellent quality. Yesterday (Sunday, May 13, 2012) a friend and I met at the Bristro at 6 PM for drinks and a meal. The day was great and we sat outdoors. The server brought the drinks, spilling quite a bit of mine on the table. There were no napkins to be had.  I requested some. I ordered the vegetable sandwich (mi favorite item) , my companion ordered the cheese platter. No napkins or eating utensils were brought to the table. my companion had to go inside to procure them. My sandwich was un-edible. The vegetables (zuchinni) was burnt to a crisp. When we asked the waiter he said that the vegetables were grilled, and therefore they had to be cooked that way. I insisted. He went back and came back with the same sandwich. They had replaced the charcoal zuchinni with a piece that was hardly cooked. In the process, they had burt the other vegetable in the sandwich (a mushroom, I think).  When I had had this item before, the bread looked like focaccio (sp?). This was a plain white bread roll.  The fries, which were previously served with a sprinkle of bacon, were bare. There was a piece of lettuce floating somewhere. I ate the cheese and the rest was left on the plate. My friend's cheese platter was not well presented: Pieces of different cheeses on a platter, random pieces of crackers and a piece of thin, wrinkled bread that looked like a last minute after-thought. The cheese was OK. I suspect that there's either new management or a new chef. I used to bring my friend to the Growlers as a treat. No more. I was embarrassed by the bad service and the not-up-to-par food. If there's no improvement you'll go down the drain, because people like me, will be going elsewhere. There are many other good choices in Tuckahoe. By the way, during his break, the server sat outside smoking a cigarette.  Not the best advertisement for your restaurant.  Wake up and go back to the old chef and train the servers.  Two stars because the cheese was good.
I have been coming here about about once every month or two since my first visit about a year ago and it is now official -  I have gone to the dark side and now find that I select a craft been over a glass of wine not just here but anytime I am going out to eat or drink with exception of a fancy dinner out or at home.  I have recenctly started my "beer trail" - you need to drink 100 different beers(they keep a record for you) and then you get your name on a plaque on the wall along with some other perks.    My boyfriend, who first introduced me to this place, is ecstatic in my new found love of craft beer and this is one place that we both agree on which is good for him because I usually get my way.    Favorite things to eat - pulled pork sandwich, smoked chicken sandwich, arichicoke dip and to drink - stout, porter, or a black IPA (which I wish they had more often) or maybe a local Yonkers lager.
went with a group of friends with a groupon.  parking is convenient and there wasn't a wait on a friday night.  the hot artichoke spread was really great. mac and cheese everyone agree was just ok . i ordered a beer flight and the waitress accidentally spilled one of the beers on my lap -  im not deducting any stars for this as she felt terrible, and gave me a new full beer. it happens! the food is just typical bar grub.  my major gripe is that we wanted to stay at the bar after our meal but there was no space whatsoever if there are no bar stools available and people are still eating dinner at the other tables. we tried standing to the side of the bar but were in the way of all the bus boys.   growlers seem a bit overpriced as well imho but there is a really good selection. captain lawrence growlers are cheaper (with obviously less choices). Mad elf is a must try its 11% alcohol and tastes great! a dangerous combo :)
Came here after a long day wandering around. The girlfriend had a Groupon which was like an amazing deal - she paid $19, and with it we got 1 beer flight and $25 worth of food - so she paid $19 to get $43 worth of food. We got the beer flight and it was great except for one beer we picked that was sour, but obviously thats our fault for picking it. Appetizers, we got their stuffed hush puppies topped with jalapeno and chipotle mayo or something, and it was pretty good. normally i think hush puppies are "meh" and suck, but we went with these since they looked pretty good. Main course, we got the smoked chicken plate, with macaroni and cheese and their house fries topped with bacon and parmesan cheese. Chicken was really juicy and had that great smoky flavor. Mac & cheese was very cheesy and delicious, and the fries were great. It also came with some sort of tzatiki like sauce, im not sure what it was, but dipping the fries and chicken in it was great. Id come back here, but not without a groupon - some of the things on the menu were a bit pricey for me, but the place was great. Cool atmosphere and apparently they do open mic nights too.
I have been here at least 10 times, the food is amazing the beer selection is to die for (especially if you are an ipa fan) HOWEVER the service is beyond lacking. I timed each time it took me to get even a look in my direction. She was rude, and never bothered to see if our food was good. I tried to talk to a different waitress but she just blatantly ignored me and my friends. I waited 12 mins exactly for her to finally come back and tell me they didn't even have the beer i ordered. I ordered a different beer and 10 mins later got up to see her on her phone and eating, extremely unprofessional. Sit at the bar and you will receive great service and great food. Table service is horrible to say the least.
Mmm. So glad I happened to be in the area and simultaneously found a Groupon. $19 for a beer flight and $25 worth of food--great deal. Beer flight: We got to pick 5 samples, and it looked like they were about 5oz each. Wish they had more non-IPA choices, but still pretty yummy. Food: Got the hush puppies. I'm not a huge fan in general, but these had jalapeños and chipotle mayo and some other stuff that made them super tasty. Also had the smoked chicken plate, which came with 2 sides. The chicken was seriously smoky and juicy and delicious. Mac n cheese, yum; Growler fries (Parmesan cheese & bacon galore), also yum. Def enough food for 2 people. Didn't give a 5th star because I dunno if I would come back without a Groupon. But overall, delicious and worth it.
Since my last review my boyfriend and I have become huge fans.  We love the atmosphere, the delicious and changing beers, and the service.  Sadly - they have significantly raised their prices which we now won't be so "regular."  The food has improved - but for the price of the beers we would hope they would be more logical on the food. We still love Growlers and recommend it.  We unfortunately may not see you there as much!
Growlers is one of my fave go to spots in town! I love a few blocks away and always love bringing friends here. Every now and then we also play Trivia Tryst on Tuesdays with some of our friends and it's a pretty great way to get dinner and entertainment! I pretty much have a few fave dishes but go through phases ordering them bc sometimes it's inconsistent. I used to really love the mussels and the baby back ribs (half rack with sauce on side). I typically get a burger now--sometimes a cheeseburger or sometimes a fancier burger (with extras like bacon, peppers, brisket, etc). I love the growlers fries--basically a deconstructed baked potato with Parmesan, bacon and garlic and parsley? They give you this ranch sour cream sauce thingy which I swear has crack in it--it's that good (I know, a bit hyperbolic). I also like their corn fritters, esquite and the artichoke spread with toast. I loved their cheese plate but I think they may have gotten rid of it along with the charcuterie. The wings are also pretty decent. The staff is pretty much the reason why they get 5 stars (considering the food isn't always consistent--sometimes my bread/toast was burned or the white wine sauce in my mussels tasted off). They are stellar and always give us great service. I always think this is nice especially since I don't drink beer (but my bf does--and a lot of people who come to growlers come for the beer) and I still feel really welcome and have a great time. Bernadette and Frances are awesome! Oh, and you should end the evening with a slice of peanut butter pie. You won't regret it!
Finally got opportunity to try this cool lil spot last night after hearing lots of good hype from my boyfriend who has been here a number of times before.  I was going in with high expectations and I'm happy to say I was not disappointed!   We each started with a drink, Riesling for me and a beer for him. He's part of a cool program they run, a 100 beer challenge. He's now around the 40 mark and going strong!  I tried each of the three different varieties he had last night and they were each very tasty! We shared the Corn Fritters app and it was very good, with just the right amount of a spicy kick!   I decided to switch it up a bit with my next drink and chose a signature cocktail,  The Southern Sipper. It was a smooth concoction of tequila,  pineapple juice and deliciousness that was just perfect! We happened to be there on trivia night which was fun, although a bit slow going.  We played along while enjoying our dinner....I had the Smokehouse Burger which was Delish!! A large burger pilled high with beef brisket & cheddar cheese - Soo good! I also chose to have my fries 'Growler Style.'  Parmesan cheese cheese + crumbled bacon + fries + a side of sour cream = Awesomeness!  I wish I could have finished them all but I was stuffed at that point!   My boyfriend had the Brisket Sandwich which he RAVED about and after the sampling I had on my burger I could TOTALLY understand why! There were a few other choices on the menu which caught my eye, so a return visit will definitely be in order!  Just need to remember seating isn't uber ample - especially on trivia night, where they reserve a good section of the place for players. Also, I need to check our ladies night which is Friday, where $4 drink specials are on the menu - always a good thing! ;-)
This place is a little gem in Tuckahoe that I didn't even know existed.  Once you walk in, it had this lounge, cool feel.  I noticed alot of business people in ties, considering it was 7pm on a Friday, they must have gotten off the train from work. The spot isn't too big, just right. They probably have a 100 different beers, I didn't even ask.   All different types of dark and light ales, IPAs, ciders, etc... Don't go looking for a Corona or Amstel, you're in the wrong spot. They offer you a sample of any beer of your  choice if you're unsure about a flavor/taste. Food was awesome!!  We ordered buffalo wings as appetizers, set of 12, plenty for two people, maybe too much, and they come one style, medium. They have different types of burgers with a variety of toppings you can add to them.  My boyfriend got the ultimate artery clogger, cheeseburger with American cheese, lettuce, tomato, peppers, onions and sunny egg with plain fries.  I ordered a beef Tuckahoe cheese steak that was amazing!! It was on a hero bread, enough for two sittings and just stuffed with peppers, onions and juicy flavored meat. YUM!!  But the best part, because I am not a big fry lover, was their growler fries.  YOU HAVE TO GET THE FRIES!! Bacon bits, Parmesan cheese, garlic and parsley...who ever came up with this mix was a genius!  And I can't forget to mention the mac and cheese, I am a die hard mac and cheese fan and try them wherever I go.  It was so gooey and delicious, a definite must, eventhough we had enough food on the table to feed a family and there was only two of us. I would definitely return to this place for the atmosphere, beer, service and FOOD!
I've been going to growlers sinced it opened. In the past years the prices have gone up significantly without merit. 17 for a regular sandwich? Fries were way over done... Like sawdust. While the beer selection and vibe are great the food prices just don't add up. We just paid 40pp for a sandwich  and 2 beers each.
Came here with a groupon...LOVE! The Smoked Chicken and Chicken Philly cheese Steak are delicious. And they do Growler fries without bacon with is also good. Good atmosphere especially on Friday night. Would definitely recommend.
I don't always write reviews, but when I do, the place better be excellent. Growlers is one place that consistently provides a great experience. Excellent beer on tap, which includes a variety that is constantly changing. There is a beer for every person on the menu, whether you're into complex stouts, IPAs, or simply a fan of lagers. Every food item I've tried has been very good, which includes the Blue Cheese Burger, Cheddar Burger, Buffalo Wings, the spinach dip, and the growler fries. The staff has always been friendly, and the service has been consistently great.
Wow! What a turn around! Staff no longer lingering at the end of the bar! Went here with friends and had a great time. Food/drinks were all great! Nice to be greeted when you walk into ANY establishment. I will definitely be returning!!! One recommendation- revise/update the menu ;-) It would be nice to see some new items
This place is good. I don't have any rave reviews about it. Our server was great. I really liked the salad dressing.  The burger was good, too. I also went there on a Saturday night. It's a small place and gets really packed on the weekends. So, you are really packed in there. I do like drinking my beer out of a mason jar.  :) Maybe that's my inner hipster talking.
I love you Growlers. I'm not even gonna go into too much detail because everything I've had here was great. I mean everything. My favorite was the chicken sandwich because it had spinach and avocado, yummmmm. Those Growler fries are addicting and so terrible for your health....BUT GOOD FOR THE SOUL. I want those for part of my last meal.
Went here on a Groupon for the first time.  Great value and really good food and drink.  Wait staff wasn't super attentive once we chose the beer flight but we were OK with that.  We had the amazingly delicious artichoke dip with the bread toasts.  It was really really good and I make my own artichoke dip.  This was way better!  We also had the brisket sandwich which was great!  I ate too much dip so I couldn't finish it all.  I like that there is a little salad that comes with it as I felt a little healthy!  Also ordered a side of mac and cheese... not recommended... had a weird after taste but perhaps I just didn't like that kind of cheese.  We also had the grilled smoked chicken sandwich which was moist and had great flavor and on a pretzel bun.  Very good.   The beer flight was great and waitress brought a sample of other beers we requested too.   I am looking forward to going back!
After going back here for Trivia Nights and celebrating with friends, Growler's has become one of my favorite places in Westchester County.  Really enjoy the food and atmosphere of this place and so does everyone I know who has come here.   I believe they have a solid menu and their burgers and fries is delicious.  I did try some of their specials before, which I thought were ok, but feel their menu is very good.
Came for Founders Takeover was not disappointed!  Tap selection was great: founders centennial IPA, founders all day, founders doom, founders backwoods bastard, founders mango magnifico, founders breakfast stout, founders oatmeal & founders pale ale..... Awesome! Started with the Devils on Horseback (aka awesomeness) and the Pretzel Bread (also VERY good) the mustard served with the pretzel bread is phenomenal! We had the Catfish Po' boy with salad a Cheeseburger with fries. Both were acceptably good. My favorite dish is on the menu is the Veggie Burger...... Which for some reason they have decided to discontinue..... Growlers... If you're listening / reading ....... Please bring back the Veggie Burger, even if only as a special every once in a while.... Please!!!!
I went to Growlers at 6:30 on a Friday night with my friend the service was terrible I ordered a drink and never recieved it. After the waiter took our order I did not see him again until we were done eating he bothered to ask if our food was ok. The food was plain and not cooked well we could have been eating rocks it had no taste. It took us 45 minutes from when we had our plates taken to see the waiter again to get our check. Never ever wasting a night there again.
Awesome! Reasonable prices and great beer selection. Service was iffy though... Every waiter/waitress waited on us throughout the night. Service of drinks was slow as well.
Just got back from Growlers for the first time with a buddy. He had gotten a Groupon and I'd been curious to check the place out, so off we went. Had a damn good time. Woo. I'm still buzzing from too many 8%+ beers, but what better time to write a review? The Good: - The food was shockingly good. We started off with some chicken wings. Pedestrian, I know, but we were both jonesing for some and it's a good gauge. I thought they were 'okay' until I realized I had eaten about 8 of the dozen in a few minutes. Rethinking it, they were really good. Our very pleasant waitress recommended the pulled pork and brisket sandwiches, so we got those and went halvsies. Dayummm. They give Dinosaur a run for their money with their brisket sandwich. It was super good. Added some of their chipotle hot sauce to amp it up a bit; perfect. - Incredible beer list. Some wild stuff on tap and a great range of bottles. If there's something you like, it's here. - Energetic, fun and lively space. We rolled out at 11pm and it was still hopping. Nice. - Real nice and pro waitstaff. Oh, and cute. - Rapped with the owner for a while and he's an extremely nice fellow who appreciates and knows good beer. (Not surprising since he opened a place called Growlers, but it's nice to know he knows his stuff.) The No-So-Good: - It's a little "bro" there. Perhaps it was just tonight -- there was some college sporting event or some shit going on, so lots of frat-types. - They really should think about expanding the guys' bathroom. Being a beer bar, one needs to get rid of the beer consumed in order to make room for more, and with a single bathroom, there was pretty constantly a line. Next time I might wear a Depends to not have to deal. The Verdict: Real fun place. Great food. I'll definitely be back. So many beers to try, so very little time. There's a Groupon available which is a fantastic deal. Get it, check this place out and have a fun time. Wishing them a good future.
Make that 4-1/2 stars. Came here with a god buddy of mine on Valentine's Day--I'm divorced ed and his wife was busy--and the place was jumping. I started with a beer flight of 5 beers, mostly ale and amber but with one darker brew. The bartender was extremely helpful, both in terms of what I liked and what she thought I should try. We also had sandwiches--I had the brisket and my buddy had a burger--which were great. The service was on the money, everyone was as friendly as could be, you can watch games on the TVs and listen to music. An amazingly cool spot for Westchester. Definitely returning for more.
One of my favorite places to grab a finely crafted brew and their Over The Top Burger is ridiculously good and you have to try the devils on horseback.
Wish I could review the food but I never had the opportunity to. Went there on a Tuesday in the middle of the summer with two other people. We wanted to try a new spot and decided on this place. We get there and the place was PACKED. Fine, I get it you're popular. We ask for a table for 3 and we are looked at like we're stupid. The guy seating tells us that we won't be able to sit at all that night. Ok, fine gentleman, how long is the wait if I chose to stick it out... He just looked at me blankly and we walked out. Never have I ever as a paying customer been told something like that. Sorry Growlers I won't be giving you another chance.  And if I do, I'll make sure to come back on here and tear your food apart bite by bite.
Great food, good drinks, awful service. Overall, burger was phenomenal and the "growler" fries were delicious. Nacho appetizer with pulled pork was sweet and very large portion. Best part of the meal. What makes this place is the atmosphere and large portions, but the portions should be large for the over priced items. 17 dollars for the burger -- I think I will take that else where. 15 dollar cocktails -- get ready to spend for a bar. We were not welcomed and during dinner it was tough to get the waitresses attention. I would need to be treated like a king at those prices. If an upscale bar is the concept, you should be treated like an upscale person. ...bathrooms needed some updating.
My rating is going up... this place seems to have gotten their act together with the flavor of their food. Four of us at here on Sat and the food was outstanding. I used my groupon that expires today actually so like always I waited till the last minute to go. For $19 I got a Flight of Beer ($18) and $25 worth of food. We started with pretzel served with grain mustard... my kinda mustard (spicy) and the Artichoke Spread was delicious. My entree was the Andouille Sausage, Peppers & Onions... out of this world good. Hubby had the Blackened Catfish Po' Boy.. (i tried Catfish for the first time and I'm now a fan). My gf had the Smoked Chicken Sandwich... really liked it and her fiance had the Growler Burger and really liked his. We all had the growler fries and everyone loved them. For dessert hubby and I shared the Snickers Pie and my friends shared the Flourless Chocolate Cake (btw those were the only 2 choices for dessert). We both agreed the desserts were way too rich. I really look forward to coming back.
My husband and I love growlers! We come often to work on our beer trails and love the quick turn around beers on tap and the huge selection they offered. Recommend going during a tap takeover so you can experience all of what a brewery has to offer! Food is usually great, I would like to have more veggie or chicken options but usually we go just to enjoy the beer and there is usually one or two things that are not beef or pork options. Plus the pretzel bread is always warm and delicious.
Glad to see its no longer just a beer menu! However, I did meet someone who was working on his 100th beer. He was shy 4 according to his monitored log-sheet and then he gets a name plaque on the wall upon completion --- cool. He also recommended the 'Summer Love' for me, but my friend and I were already drinking wine (and split the hot pretzel stick) at the bar. I hear they are possibly opening a second location. They offer trivia nights, live bands, and DJs on certain nights. If they add karaoke and some more tables outside, it would definitely do them justice. Maybe the second location is just what they need.
Came here with friends and I ordered the Growler Burger combo (Beef, Pork & Veal), and it was one of the best hamburgers I have ever tasted. I upgraded my fries to parmesan cheese with bacon on top, and that was fabulous!! I'm a Piper's Kilt (Eastchester) regular (Piper's Kilt is one of the best hamburger places in Westchester), and now Growlers hamburger is what I'm going to go for next time. You won't be dissapointed. The servers were excellent and friendly, I felt very relaxed eating there. My friend ordered the micro brew test, and it was interesting passing around and getting a taste of different microbrews. I'm not much of a drinker, but thought this was a fun way of testing different beers.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this spot! The food is always delicious (I highly recommend the pretzel bread & the smoked chicken sandwich), the staff is wonderful and they have one of the best beer lists around. My fiancee & I also love that they carry a large amount of local liquors as well - Corsair Whiskey from Nashville is one of the first that come to mind that we can't find anywhere else. This has definitely become our favorite go-to spot, especially since they've added the "Wall Of Foam".  Always a nice crowd, but have never seen it overly crowded to the point of it not being enjoyable.  Great spot for lunch, dinner, or a night out.
I'd love to tell you how the food and beer are but unfortunately I didn't have any and I doubt I'll be back. Someone in my party called and mentioned they had a groupon and wanted to know if they could make reservations. They were told that it wasn't really busy and there was no need for reservations. Cut to a few minutes later and the party of four was told by a rude hostess that there would be an hour to an hour and a half wait. The hostess said there were 2 parties of four and 2 reservations for four ahead of our party. When it was explained that someone had just called a few minutes before and were told they couldn't make reservations she then backtracked and said they don't accept reservations for parties under 20 people. Wow. Seriously dumbfounded and the manager was standing right there. No apology or anything remotely polite was said. Ok we took our business to the place around the corner. I understand Growler's doesn't value any of their customers with a groupon. At least I hope that's the only reason why that all happened.
Best burger I've had in a very long time. Great beer selection. The waiter was friendly and patient. The restaurant looks about how you would imagine, given the name.
Update on 5/30/14: I went to Growlers for dinner with with a friend the other night. This was my fourth visit in two years; I would go more often if I lived in the area. I think the place started out "fine" when it first opened and has gotten much better. They have found their niche, found their personality and fine-tuned the operation. The service was outstanding (no exaggeration). Joe was our waiter and he knows what he's doing, knows his beers, and made us feel welcome and well taken care of. We had some great beers (the selection is quite good and diverse) and great food. This is not fine dining and it's not health food; it's pretty heavy and the portions are large. It's beef, ribs, brisket, and so forth. But what they do they do well, which is all you can ask from any restaurant. My only complaint as a person that can't eat bread, is that practically everything is a sandwich. I'd love to at least see a gluten-free bun as an option for their large selection of burgers and sandwiches. I still miss the almonds with truffle oil which used to be on the menu. But the bacon-wrapped prunes are a signature item and well, you should get those. I like the vibe of the place, but once the hockey game came on it got very noisy and I was glad we were just about ready to go. I don't like to have to shout across the table to have a conversation.
Love Love Love! Everything I've had here was awesome. I know I could take anyone here and they're going to have a great experience. It's totally not your average bar food. It's on another level. Try their burgers,fries,pretzel bread and wing. Yum
Great edition to Tuckahoe. Usually not a long wait, depending on what time you go. Not a HUGE menu selection, but a good variety of food. My only complaint is the service. Many of the servers were at the bar talking with people who were having a few drinks, so it was hard to get our server's attention at times. During the day, this is a great family place, but at night it's definitely geared more towards an older crowd. Overall, a really cool place to go with friends - whether it's a quick lunch or a sit down dinner!
Have been to Growlers on about 10 occasions.  Their beer selection is great, their food is so-so, but their service is consistently awful.  Being there as many times as we have, I can say that it's not an issue with any one staff member, but rather good service is just simply not a trait that owners/management value. The only reason we kept coming back recently was a Groupon deal.  I can't even make the argument that we were treated poorly due to that because we have also been there without any deal and the service was still bad.  It's not that they aren't friendly, but they tend to forget about you and your order.  Even when the orders do eventually come,  there's always something missing.  Other times, our food has come before our first beer. They're always touting different brewery nights or "tap takeovers" by local breweries.  You would think that would mean beer specials of some sort, but it's actually just additional beers by that particular brewery at regular prices.  I don't mind paying full price, but they usually tout it like they're going to have great specials and when you get there it winds up being a raffle for a key chain. The last straw, however, was last night.  My wife and I were out to dinner and decided to head into Growlers for one last drink.  It was a Saturday night, a band was playing, and it wasn't too crowded.  We found two seats at the bar, where there were 4 bartenders/staff working.  There can't be more than 10 seats at the bar, so it wasn't a high traffic area.  We were not greeted, nor offered menus.  The bartenders never looked up, so it was difficult to get their attention.  There seemed to be a total breakdown when one of the bartenders was asked to make two mixed drinks.  I admit, it's a weird request for a beer bar, but you're a bartender, learn how to make a drink.  He set up the two glasses with ice and started staring at what looked like a drink manual (or perhaps a menu.....I wouldn't know, I never saw one).  At that point my wife got his attention and asked for a menu.  He looked at her, told her she would have to wait, and walked to the other side of that bar.  Then he brought over two other bartenders, not to assist us, but rather to help him make his drinks. Ten minutes later, we had had enough and just got up and walked out.  Sadly, it was quite clear that no one noticed, nor cared, so the same activity will probably continue.  It wouldn't have mattered if we had stayed.  The group of loud employees that were behind us looking for service probably would've been served before us anyway.
I've been here twice, and both times, the beer selection was fantastic. However, they charge too much for a growler, which is a shame because both times they had beers I would have been interested in taking home, but I'm just not paying that much. The food. The food. The food is very, very rich, full of creamy, fatty oils and lots and lots of seasoning. I feel like if this is your thing, then you'll have a great time. But for me, personally, the food was heavy and I found the flavors to be imbalanced, with many of the more delicate flavors being masked by the thick creamy stuff. It's weird; the food is so strongly seasoned and clearly many ingredients go into a dish, but they often come out tasting muddled and not like much of anything. Kind of like when you mix all the paint together and end up with gray. The service. The first time we were there, Growler's had just opened and they were understaffed, so service was slow. But they were new and it was fine. The second time, the service was still slow, and they were not understaffed. I have a feeling though, that it was our waitress in particular and not necessarily reflective on the rest of the staff.  She was also kinda weird. I know I'm young-looking, but I do not need to have someone snap at me, "OKAY, I NEED TO SEE SOME ID" like I'm getting pulled over. I understand you have to ask, but don''t treat us like criminals, please. She was also difficult to flag down for refills, and we were not being subtle. Overall, I don't think I'd return. Tuckahoe is far, for one thing, and Growler's just isn't worth the trip. It's too bad, because the beer selection is great.
The good news is that they have a very interesting rotating beer selection that keeps you coming back. The variety is spectacular. However, After 2-3-4 craft ales, you need to switch to something that is under 5% alcohol and they don't have an option. I understand they want to keep the selection interesting, but having a lower proof pilsner to switch over to is a must. The appetizers were so good that I came back and had dinner at a later date. Dinner was disappointing. The cheesesteak sandwich has 1 slice of what appears to be steak-um on it. If i'm paying that much for a sandwich I want to be full of something other than bread afterwords. My date had a chicken sandwich that we wont be ordering again.
Very good. I don't drink but my group wanted to stop in for beers and snacks.  There seemed to be a good selection of beers that they enjoyed. We all shared the snacks which were great.   For snacks we had wings, pretzel bread, a nacho corn dip , and mussels.   A good please to watch a football game, hang out, and eats some snacks. A lot of others were enjoying dinner that looked good.
I'll upgrade this to five stars after my second visit. The beer selection is excellent and appetizers so far have been superb. Band is not to bad either. Started my list to achieve the"Wall of Foam". Looking forward to many spring and summer nights.
Still a  fan, for over a year! Since the last time I posted, the menu has up-dated. They have added Beer Flights, now they server hard liquor, and added a brunch menu for Sundays. Still my favorite place for a craft beer and they are always coming up with new beer specials and tap take-overs. I have been to a few of their events and it is always a good time. The staff is friendly and the owners are helpful. If you friend them on face book or like their face book page, you will always be up-dated with the events they are holding from Octoberfest (which was awesome) and tap take-over from selected craft brewers in and around the area. I recommend the tractor toast, the pretzel bread and their sliders. All good stuff. a thumbs up!
Had a Very good experience here last night. I really enjoyed the fort collins chocolate stout, very good dark beer. Now I'm a southern boy (at heart) and I have had some really good Hush Puppies down south, but I have to say that Growlers Hush Puppies were just as good as any I have had down south. I also had the smoked turkey on texas toast with pepper jack cheese, bacon, spicy peppers & onions and chipotle mayo, it was DELISH! Our server convinced me, not that it took a lot of arm twisting, to order a portion of the Growler Fries, they were really out of this world. It has been a long time since a restaurant/bistro/cafe has impressed me as much as Growlers has, the food was excellent, the service was good, the crowd was fun. I highly recommed Growlers.   NOTE: They cook everything fresh so the wait time is longer than you are probably used to, but in the end the wait is worth it, in my opinion.
Had a Very good experience here last night. I really enjoyed the fort collins chocolate stout, very good dark beer. Now I'm a southern boy (at heart) and I have had some really good Hush Puppies down south, but I have to say that Growlers Hush Puppies were just as good as any I have had down south. I also had the smoked turkey on texas toast with pepper jack cheese, bacon, spicy peppers & onions and chipotle mayo, it was DELISH! Our server convinced me, not that it took a lot of arm twisting, to order a portion of the Growler Fries, they were really out of this world. It has been a long time since a restaurant/bistro/cafe has impressed me as much as Growlers has, the food was excellent, the service was good, the crowd was fun. I highly recommed Growlers.   NOTE: They cook everything fresh so the wait time is longer than you are probably used to, but in the end the wait is worth it, in my opinion.
My favorite local spot for beer and pub grub.  Definitely gets crowded on weekends, or even some weeknights, so plan accordingly.  The flights, ever rotating taps, pretzel bread, fancy olives, meat on bread (sandwiches), and wings are on point.  I also dig the brewery nights, open mics, and random live jazz bands.  A bit of a locals scene at the bar area, but stay a while and you will be treated like a local.  This place is putting in work.
Went for a weekend late lunch. We actually had trouble finding it as we parked in the "downtown" area and tried to walk to it. BETTER SIGNAGE PLEASE! It was very quiet, with hardly any cars parked in its lot, but we finally stumbled upon it. Service was friendly and attentive, but not too. I lived in KC for a while so I know my ribs - and warned the waiter - but he suggested the ribs. We also got the Growler's Chips, beers, and 2 Growler burgers. Ribs were just okay. Burgers were good and juicy. Nice beer selection. Fries were yummy. Decor is like an upscale rustic cowboy theme. Neither good, nor bad, but nothing really to draw me back in.
really good food and cheerful environment! I went with a group of five friends and we all found the food quite delicious and the service good. The beer flights were a favorite among the guys, and the appetizers a favorite among us girls (get the pretzel bread)
Just went there for Father's Day. What a perfect spot. The staff bent over backwards to make sure we had a great time, but it seems like that's how they treat their customers everyday. The food was excellent and the beers were superb. We will definitely be back- it's just the kind of place we've been looking for.
GREAT place. Westchester, at least southern Westchester lacks for a cool casual place where you can hang, get great beer and food that is not the same old, same old Growlers is it!!!!! And the wings rock! Small biz, aiming to please. Good size, not too small, not too big, and easy parking! Highly recommend it!
For a brand new place I really wasn't expecting it to be so well put together. The place is kind of hidden in the back of a old renovated building that looks like it has places for 3 shops, but Growlers is the only one open so far. It has kind of a chic style to it. fuzzy cow pattern back rests, wooden tables, nice lighting. The bar is immediately to the left upon walking in and the dining area is to the right. The music is just loud enough to use as a background without getting in the way of conversations. The bar has a few tvs tuned to sports. The beer list was very good. I tried the Kolsch which is one of my favorite styles of beer and it did not disappoint. There is also a nice wine list, with wines on tap. The growlers are $10 for the bottle and whatever the price of a pint times 3. Just return the bottle and fill up again. The food was very good. Had the cheese plate to start. 4 types of cheese with jam, fruit and nuts, all very good. I also tried the smoked chicken sandwich with fries. The fries come with parmesan, bacon and all kinds of goodness.  The chicken sandwich was on a pretzel roll with lettuce, tomato and avocado. Great addition to the area, cannot wait to go back.
So; we have eaten here on numerous occasions and tonight it was a total disaster!  We ate at the bar and had too wait a long time for the food and when it finally came it was terrible.  The ribs and fires were cold and the veggie sandwich was small burnt and greasy!  So the bartender took the food back and tHe new order of ribs were burnt to a crisp.  The fries were hot and fine and the slaw was standard.  The veggies sandwich was slightly better.  A total disappointment!  The beer was awesome as always and that saved the night at growlers.  Either I will give the food one more try or just stick to the beer.
Not a bad thing to say about Growlers on the beer/food/service end. Staff is great, knowledgable & very friendly. Portions of food are on the heavier side but nothing extreme but there is almost always leftover available to take home which is always a plus. Beer selection is great, no Bud Lights or Heinekens here, all craft beer and plenty of local beers as well. The only down side being it is a little small & not enough TVs to catch a game but the great food & beer outshine the small "blemishes." I go at least once a month & cannot wait to go back again!
Didn't eat here but I'm giving 4 stars for a great bar. Not only some great spirits, but a whole lotta beer on tap. Also, they were happy to change to spirit in one of their signature cocktails when a friend wanted her Manhattan with Rye instead of Bourbon. They also have some kind of rewards program for frequent "fliers". Too far for me to join that club. Maybe next time, I'll try some food. Looked awesome coming out of the kitchen.
Awesome craft beer selection and a great place to watch a football game-not too crowded and two large projection screens showing the games!  The staff is super friendly and I enjoyed the food-the wings were surprisingly awesome!  My friend and I got the beer flight, although it was pricey we got a great sampling of 6 different beers that were on tap! Not too many places like this in Westchester-sort of tucked away near the train station and a real hidden gem!!!
Interesting beer selection! There wasn't a single beer I tried I didn't like. The pretzel bread is to die for. It's served with stone ground mustard - yum! I had a cheeseburger with regular fries for dinner, run of the mill but overall good. My friend had the growler fries with their meal: deconstructed baked potato fries - topped with bacon, parmesan cheese, parsley & garlic. Talk about sinful. Fun atmosphere, very modern, great  food. You can't go wrong with Growlers!
