Not a lot to be said. Superb Greek food. Large portions. Convenient location. And it's in a freakin' truck. I don't know how they do it.
FOOD was FRESH!, Prices are great for the portion sizes. Very Nice owner as well!
I just had to try this place after reading all the great yelp reviews and it was FANTASTIC. I had a gyro pita and oregano fries, and it was delicious. I will definitely go out of my way to eat here again.
Wow the food here is really good! We went with a pork and a chicken souvlaki plate. Absolutely stellar! The meat was cooked perfectly and the seasoning was aggressive and delicious. Loved the oregano fries too. Also comes with a stack of pita and feta topped salad. $12 for a huge meal...great value.
I'm here at Dobbs Ferry fest and only was excited to come because I thought you guys would be here again this year. Why aren't you here?!!!
This truck is great. The gyro is top tier, the fries are consistently delicious. The right amount of crunch and seasoned to perfection. Everything is super high quality tasting. the price is right too. Can't go wrong for $6 when you're getting a gyro of this caliber. It's also a breath of fresh air that the guy who runs the truck is cool as hell. He'll take orders over the phone, is very accommodating if you need any sort of alteration to a menu item.   The Souvlaki truck is a must have food destination in a convenient central ave location.
Seriously AMAZING! Ordered the gyro platter with my sister , it was so BIG for just 12.00.  The gyro meat so tasteful, oregano fries , the little side salad. Really really good highly recommend.  Will def be going back thats for sure!
Excellent food and service. Roasted Brussels sprouts with feta appetizer was delicious.  The fries are tasty and homemade. Portion sizes were great and the pricing is a good value for the quality that is provided.  Good stuff, will definitely be back.
Not gonna lie, whenever I see a restaurant that has a perfect score, I think that they have their friends rate them for business. But this place is legit. Excellent prices, excellent portions, excellent service, excellent food. I will be coming back.
The best Greek food outside of Greece...and better than much I had there! Look for awesome specials! Keep on truckin'!!!
Great Greek food. Trucks like these will take down a lot of restaurants. Fast and friendly service.
I've passed this truck every single day for the past few months; but due to my prejudice of food trucks, I never gave them a second  look. Until today! OMG! Absolutely delish! Not one thing disagreed with my taste buds! Fresh, tasty, good portion. The only thing that will suffer now is my pockets lol.... Thanks for instilling my faith back into the food truck!
Really enjoyed 2 visits. Gyro was delicious. Sweet potato fries really nice. Also had avacado salad that was fresh and great. Fast, convenient, friendly and high quality. Going back.
Great food! Great people! Great hot sauce! They gave me free baklava with my first order with them and I've become a consistent customer ever since! You can call in your order and pick it up too. My favorite is the chicken pita :)
All the workers at my job love this truck. Their pita is so fresh and good, so is the tsatziki. I usually order the falafel pita and it comes with a nice little mixed greens salad inside. It's in a convenient location on Central avenue, and you can call ahead for your orders. Try the oregano fries.
I had never had Greek Food until my boyfriend convinced me to give it a try and I LOVED IT! They portion size was worth the money and needless to say I will definitely go back!
Excellent!!! Who would have thought that a food truck parked on Central Avenue could be this good? Everything is fresh and has lots of flavor. The Gyro platter is delicious, with meat that's tasty and not greasy at all; the feta in the baby green salad is fresh and delicate, nothing like what you get from the supermarket; and best of all, the oregano fries are perfectly cooked and lightly sprinkled with salt. This is a real find for the area.
Everything I've had here has been amazing! It's all fresh and so yummy. I'm also thankful for "Souvlaki Tuesdays", when they are at the Yonkers waterfront (5-8pm) I recommend the gyro platter or the chicken or pork sandwich. Also, the hummus is fresh and delish.
We just had the pork souvlaki pita, greek meatballs and a falafel plate. We sat in the our backyard with a glass of wine on this awesome November day. A perfect lunch. Thanks for another great meal. This was my fourth time to this truck and the food here is always great.
Been here twice and while I can get a cheaper lunch at a fast food place I think the quality of the food and portion sizes are worth it. One of the plates will definitely leave leftovers for dinner. The gyro is one of the best I've had because of the well spiced meat. Even the pita had a nice brush of olive oil with herbs. Salads are fresh and the souvlakis (skewers) are juicy. Really friendly owners too.
Greek street food at it's best.  Tender, juicy pork souvlaki and OMG delicious thick cut oregano fries.  My kids are now Greek food converts.  They especially liked the pita hot off the grill and tzatziki.  Will definitely go again and again.  Perfect summer evening dinner on the go!
