EXCELLENT old school slice! I live half an hour away and have NO issues driving past 11 pizzerias for their pie. Delicious sauce, quality Cheese and excellent crust. They are super friendly, you wont be disappointed.
Grew up a 2 minute walk from this place and moved many years ago.  Back then it was phenomenal, and having been back in town and stopping in today, I can happily confirm it's still the best pizza hands down I've ever had.  I absolutely love pizza and try it everywhere I go and nothing has held a candle to Gino's.  Like other reviews state, the establishment is certainly no frills, but who cares when you are churning out absolute pizza masterpieces.  I'm so happy this place has remained consistent after so many years!
Fresh ingredients, friendly staff, but inconsistent result. The dough can be tough and difficult to chew.
As a kid, my dad never, ever bought pizza from Domino's or Pizza Hut because he didn't consider it real pizza. When we lived in the neighborhood, Gino's was our go-to pizzeria to get the real deal. And one of the places that sparked my love-affair with pizza. This place is throwback. Maybe you find yourself reminiscing about an old-school New York slice with the perfect cheese to sauce ratio, the right amount of grease and a sturdy thin crust? Remember when you had to fold your slice, not because people told you that's how you eat it in NY, but because that was the only way to handle it on account of its size? Ever walk into a pizzeria nowadays and struggle to locate the cheese pie because it's hidden away among a slew of "gourmet" offerings? If you answered yes to any of those, then try a slice at Gino's. Years later and the joint still welcomes you with that perfect cheesy, doughy, garlicky smell that a lot of pizzerias lack. No need for a menu here. Cheese slice and a Coke.
When you walk into a coffee shop, a good one, they all have this district smell, right? Well same goes for this hidden gem. Maybe it's the sauce? Maybe it's the dough, or flour? Maybe it's the oven!? I don't know, but what I do know is that When you walk in, it looks like a hole in the wall, the employees look like those you find in hole in the walls, and the food... banging! Like that you find in a hole in a wall! At least the regular plain slices. I come here sometimes for the smell mainly. It smells like a pizzeria! Something that you hardly smell nowadays in most pizza joints!
Pretty damn good pizza ...finally a slice that hits the spot after a long day at work and one that actually fills me. Don't mind paying $15 for a regular cheese pie. Thick rich crust fed family of 4! Generous amount of cheese mixed with traditional sauce which had flavor. Real nice folks working there. Will return. Worth checkin out. Kids loved it! Great for parties!
By far the best pizza I have tried. The sauce to cheese ratio is right on target. I haven't personally ever been to the current location since I just discovered this after living in Yonkers basically forever but it's so good( I always order for delivery.) I get the chicken pie and it is to die for. The only thing is that if you order, it usually takes about 1 hour from when you call for them to deliver ( I usually call during the weekend so maybe that's why?) but it's worth the wait since the pizza is delicious. The slices are also bigger than most pies from other places. If anyone in Yonkers is looking for a delicious NY slice of pizza, I would highly recommend Gino's pizza. It's even better than other pizzas I've tried for double the price of Gino's. A+
I can  believe why his place is still around for many years and it's small but,small does not make a pizza place ingredients does.  They only sell pizza ,Calzones garlic knots and beef patties. I have been going there since 1973 (Same Owner) At that time they were 3 pizza parlors on B-way this one is still around go ahead try your 99 cents pizza Yuk There are other pizza places in Yonkers that are fantastic(not on B-way)but this is my favorite.
Best pizza in Yonkers. It's all in the sauce and dough. Try them and have your friends and family say, Wow. Family owned and run. They deliver
GREAT slice, went last night, totally empty, there should be a line out the door !! Great sauce, cheese, bread ratio. Sauce is a little thick, which is a good thing. Big slice, filling and for $2 there is no other food out there with the best bang for buck, definitely will be back when I'm in Yonkers.
After I land at the airport this is my first stop on the way to visit family.  Moved outta NY in 1994 but I won't ever forget the best pizza in Yonkers.  Took the kids and it all fell into place.  Love it love it love.  Simply the best.
BEST PIZZA!!  Friendly service.  Small eating area, but you are paying for the pizza, not the frills.  The cheese is flavorful, the sauce is on point, and the crust is crispy and perfect thickness.  You have to try it if you want a real NY Pizza!!
I went out of my way to eat at Gino's during a trip to visit relatives. I left Yonkers 25 years ago, and have bemoaned the scarcity of great pizza in "upstate" New York, where I now live. When I was young, Gino's was not my regular pizza place, but it is the only one left from those days. With my teenage sons in tow, we sat down at a rickety table in the narrow storefront place. The same fake wood paneling is on the walls; the same linoleum tiles are on the floor. And nothing but pizza behind the counter. No "gourmet" or "designer" pies, no chicken rolls, no entrees or sandwiches, just good old fashioned Yonkers hot pie. Time warp to 1980..... Gino's was the place after taking in a movie at the Park Hill theater next door (now gone) and with the first bite of that crispy, tangy, scalding slice I was transported back to those care-free days. The pizza hasn't changed, only the neighborhood and the faces of the patrons have. But it was well worth the visit. Delicious!!!
This is definitely the best pizza in Yonkers and with Yonkers being the biggest city in Westchester County, that says a lot. The venue is no where near fancy and there isn't a lot of seating, but the pizza is beyond perfect.
Great pizza! Perfect cheese to sauce ratio.
Best pizza ever!
