These guys deserve their high reviews. The manager is a really nice lady. She provides not just professional, but really thoughtful service in the restaurant, and for delivery customers as well. (They always help me make room for my baby stroller when my wife and I are able to make it to dinner with a sleeping baby. They sent me a bottle of sake and a nice handwritten note for a Christmas food delivery.) The procurement is excellent. They say that the omakase menu is flown in from Japan, and I believe them. Finally, preparation is very good. Nothing overly creative, but done correctly and deliciously. Two or three more restaurants like this and Riverdale could actually be a destination. Keep up the great work, Aoyu. You guys are great.
I was skeptical of the place, even though,  reviews are largely positive. So, one day I decided to go there, ... by myself and ... I was pleasantly surprised. The place is a medium size for a typical NY sushi places. It's neat and well maintained. Staff is friendly and take a good care of the customers. I ordered from sushi special menu and really enjoyed everything! Pink lady and Phoenix were great and fairly priced. I am sure that this place is good for dinner date or friends sushi feast. I will come back to this place but this time with group of friends.
Very cute place in Riverdale - attentive service and delicious Sushi I'll definitely be returning although there could've been a little more Chardonnay in my glass but other than that it was a decent night
Nice place, nice staff, sashimi was awful I couldn't believe the hamachi they served I couldn't chew through! Rolls were ok at best. Would not go back but I will say their cooked food looked good.
A real treasure in Riverdale. A quiet, dignified environment. One of the few restaurants I've been to in the entire city where you can have a delicious meal and a conversation.
The food is quite good but sadly, I will never go there again. After receiving my order to take out, I asked for a tiny container of spicy mayo and was told it would be an extra dollar. I'll never understand the mentality of so many Asian restaurants. There seems to be such petty frugality and no desire to keep their customers . Joan P
The food is beyond great! The service is spectacular! Joanna is always providing me with great suggestions!!! First class place everything is fresh from the salads to the sushi!
Really fresh and yummy sushi! I got the sushi/sashimi combo and my bf got two special rolls that he really enjoyed. Vibe and atmosphere is chill and modern, service was on point, and wine was tasty. I'll def come back!
Meter parking until 7pm but high car turnover so you will find a spot.  Big portions because my buddy Ed is a regular and knows owners well.  Nothing really new. The dishes are all common and knockoffs of Nobu - rock shrimp tempura, cod, etc.
5 stars for food, 1 for service.  I despise that they charge a dollar extra per roll for brown rice on a lunch special so a 10 dollar special is 20% more.  Service is typical of a Japanese place and obnoxious.  First time I went in I ordered few pieces of sashimi la carte and asked for a decent bottle of sake.  she brought me one of the more expensive ones that was clearly for two because I didn't specify.  I drank it but I'm confident she knew what she was doing... I still left a 20 on my 60 dollar check (bill was just for me).  I am willing to drop money but I am not willing to pay 1 dollar per rill for brown rice, its cheap and a scam of them.  If you get a sushi lunch special for 10 dollars you pay two extra (20% more). for a different color rice.  one dollar more I understand but per roll! its wrong! The most unacceptable part was when I left 2 bucks on my lunch special as a tip and walked out I heard her say "ay yah" which, in this situation, pretty much meant "jeez what a cheepskate" for Japanese people .  I have worked in restaurants in this city for 15 years and would never comment on a tip, while I understand she didn't think I knew that she was saying I almost think that makes it worse.  Will go back(Riverdale doesn't have enough options) , won't expect anything but good food and obnoxious service.
I have been meaning to write this for a while, This restaurant is particularly memorable in a bad way.  While dining I ordered a fresh crab roll as well as other sushi, After my food arrived, and I was already eating my rolls. An employee , perhaps  a manager, came over and said that there was an accident, -- they accidentally gave me two fresh crab rolls and asked are you going to pay for the extra one. I said no, because I didn't order and extra one. She went away to only come back with a plate and a pair of chopsticks and started to pull pieces of sushi ( the crab roll) off my plate onto hers... I was already eating the sushi on my plate, including pieces of that roll.  I was in shock. What the heck were they going to do with those pieces -- I suspect give it to  another customer. Still speechless and horrified.
Great place! Quality sushi, excellent presentation THE BEST MISO SOUP you will ever have. I know miso soup is so mwe but this place has the best ever. Their portions are modest but they are very consistent and we love this place. Always ready to sit you and very fast service. Very hard to find a good sushi place in the area but this one is deff a must We discovered this on yelp so...
After traveling to Manhattan whenever I was in the mood for sushi, I finally found an amazing place in Riverdale! Not sure why I didn't try it sooner, but after 10 different people recommended it I decided to try it. I usually get the same rolls delivered (spicy salmon, shrimp tempura and peanut avocado) and the delivery is always quick! The chicken teriyaki is also delicious and comes with really good fresh veggies.
Four stars for service. Otherwise 3. Miso soup was good, but just miso soup. Japanese pickled vegetables were so-so. Beef negamaki appetizer was average. Meat was tender though. Wild white king salmon sashimi was not as good as I thought it would be and Scottish salmon sashimi had some tough spots. Salmon skin hand roll was chock full of salmon! Chicken teriyaki was good but nothing special. Place is minimalist and cute.
This place is not only the best sushi in the city but I would say one of the best restaurants, period. I eat here at least once a week and I have never had a bad meal yet. From the moment you walk in the door and are greater by JoJo the owner, you are made to feel at home and welcomed. I always eat at the sushi bar so I can be educated by Wayne, the sushi chef and husband of JoJo. Every meal is a new experience, especially on the weekend when they have Uni from Japan. It is a special so it is a little higher priced then regular Uni but well worth it. The staff is always pleasant and accommodating. Aoyu should not be missed and is worth the ride from anywhere.
I've already ordered delivery here 3 times and I'm sure there will be many more. Omakase was awesome and so were the tempura and all the special rolls we've tried so far. Everything is fresh and fish melts in your mouth. Also, the ice cream mochis for dessert are great. Delivery was fast and they really take care of every detail to preserve the dishes perfectly. Love to have this place in the neighborhood!
Very good sushi, and definitely the best in the neighborhood. There aren't many restaurants in Riverdale to begin with, and this is one of my favorites. I usually get the sushi/sashimi combination and the fish is always fresh and tasty. They have a lot of options and specials if you want to get pieces a la carte, and the staff is happy to let you know what they just got in. I like that there are often straw mushrooms in the miso soup. Service is friendly and they check up on you often (maybe too often, sometimes). They have a large selection of special rolls that are really good too. I have noticed that one of the sushi chefs (perhaps in training?) sometimes cuts the fish a little unconventionally; the weird cuts often add an unusual texture to the fish. It doesn't bother me but it might bother some people.
For the price you pay, you get really good quality sushi. That's why I'm giving it five stars. Everything tastes fresh. I'm basing this off A delivery. The food arrived quick, And it was prepared well. you get what you pay for. So if you want to spend a couple extra bucks, pick this place.
After planet Tokyo closed. I decide to go back to check this restaurant . The decor is modern and clean the staff very professional and the food delicious. I am going back again :)
Been here twice in the past month. Once for lunch and once for dinner. Three of us ordered the Lunch Special Rolls and picked 2 rolls each giving us a broad assortment to share. Dinner last night was stunning. To explore the place we ordered 4 salads, the appetizer size of black cod (divine) and some cut rolls. On a Monday night the place is very serene. My friends, who have eaten in EVERY high-end Manhattan restaurant, loved it. And, I got to eat the peanut avocado roll again. Next time I'm going for the omakase. The menu says that it starts at $30 for sushi. I think that's a great deal.
The restaurant looks nothing like the interior, it has a small entrance and it looks old from the outside, but the interior looks new and classy. So we didn't really expect much with this place, and out of all the food on the menu (they have a pretty good selections of the menu), we ordered the following: Salmon Skin roll Dragon Roll Spider Roll Golden Lobster Roll Toro scallion Roll Two pieces of Fatty Toro The rolls are good, especially the Toro scallion Roll (which was at market place of $10), it only came with six tiny pieces, but it was so good. The golden lobster roll is tempura lobster roll with mango slices and a bit caviar on top, the mango was really delicious, but because of the relatively strong smell and taste of the mango, you can barely taste the caviar and the tempura lobster was almost tasteless. So for any of you who like mango, I would recommend ordering some other rolls with mango, because this roll is $13, you can definitely get something cheaper with the mango. For any of you who is interested in lobster, also order something else because you won't be able to taste the lobster in this roll. All the other rolls we ordered are good, nothing fancy or exquisite, they are what you get from other japanese restaurants. Now on Fatty Toro, ever since I tasted the Fatty Toro in New Jersey, we always want to taste the Fatty Toro in other restaurants (and I didn't even like Tuna before). So we ordered two pieces of Fatty Toro sushi ($8/piece market price) and these were not what we expected. Don't get me wrong, I am not saying they are not good, these fish pieces are still really fresh. These fish pieces are darker than what we've seen, I don't know if it's another part of the fish or not, but the fatty toro we had before was in a soft pink color and you can see clearly the fat on the fish. This one is more of a red color and you cannot quite see the fat (not as dark as the regular Tuna sushi). The fatty toro sushi here is good, but you don't feel the fat melting on your tongue, which is what I love about Toro. Our check is about $70 for two people, which is only fair because the Fatty Toro sushi costs $16 already. I wouldn't pay for the $8 again for the Fatty Toro here. If you like Toro, get the Toro scallion roll instead and it is a better deal.
This is a terrific restaurant. Joanne is the hostess/ owner and is sooo pleasant. She will guide you through the menu hi lighting items according to your taste  her husband, Wayne is a master with sushi arrangements and suggestions. I am a regular here and always receive a warm welcome, as well as an occasional "treat" on the house. I used to eat across the street 2-3 times a week for over 10 years and never was offered a complimentary " anything. Joanne and Wayne are wonderful people who know their business and appreciate your patronage. Try it and you'll be hooked. A TREASURE for Riverdale.
Local gem... Fresh, fresh seafood..& delicious dishes all around. Attentive staff & excellent management!  More than just good food...this place makes for a nice night out.
Fantastic Sashimi in Upstate Manhattan! If you have a car and live in Washington Heights or Inwood it's worth the drive and there's easy street parking. I had the sashimi dinner and it was spectacular. I shall be back.
The sushi is fantastic. Super high quality fish. ______
Great sushi...  Amazing prices and awesome atmosphere. A must place in the Riverdale.
The best sushi that I have had in Riverdale.
Quick service Delicate food Recommended
really good sashimi here. fish always tastes great and really fresh. they do a great lunch special and you really get bang for your buck. friendly staff, but they could be making fun of me for all i know. sometimes you get a hot towel when you show up. i love that. i've never been disappointed here and will continue going. you should go here!
I was pleasantly surprised by the relaunch, as I actually enjoyed the old spot, but will shed no tears over it! Aoyu was everything you could want in a sushi spot, except for cheaper prices, but I am sure others will find the menu to be quite reasonable. I really enjoyed the sashimi dinner, and the waiter was very friendly, almost bubbly, and quite attentive. The food was phenomenal, including the horse mackerel which I savored! I will definitely make it a point to come here more often, although the only thing that prevents me from visiting with greater frequency is the $25 sashimi dinner (but I like to squeeze a buck here and there, or maybe five). I wish the sake selection had remained the same, but I had an excellent malt beer that reminded me of Vitarroz Malta but with an "adult" alcohol content that really made the meal come together nicely.
I love the miso soup, this place is very nice and is not overpriced. The sushi is very fresh and the rice is very crisp.  great food
Really good! Only sushi place I've tried in upper Manhattan since moving to Inwood, so I can't compare to others in the area. However, the reviews for sushi in Inwood are pretty bad and convinced me not to bother trying any. It's actually one of the better reasonably priced sushi places I've tried in the city. I've only ordered delivery so I can't comment on the interior. Everything I've tried has been great -- Rainbow Naruto, Spicy Girl Roll, American Dream, Edamame, Garden Salad (mmm good dressing) and really good pork Gyoza. I'm hoping Aoyu stays open so I can keep ordering their sushi for delivery!
This place is small and simple with a touch of modern. Upon entering, the hostess quickly greeted and seated us. There's only seating for 4 at the sushi bar. I opted to be seated at a regular table. I ended up getting the sushi and sashimi omakase! My beau chose the sashimi only omakase. The female server doesn't speak English very well so the communication can be a bit lacking, though she is nice. She asked us if we wanted any appetizers to start, but we declined. While waiting for our food, I started to understand why she had asked about appetizers...it took quite a while for the sushi chef to prepare our lunches. I feel like they could at least give complimentary edamame or something. I can't imagine the wait if the place was full!!! Though the wait for our food was a bit long, the food more than made up for it. The fish were fresh and tasty. None of them had a fishy smell or taste. The texture was also on point; there was no mushy fish! The Kumamoto oyster was divine! I was slightly disappointed with the lack of uni, but quickly remembered a lot of shipments have been impacted by the snowstorm we've been having. Stupid snow! I wanted uni!!! Overall, great friendly staff, quality ingredients, and extremely fair prices! The presentation was even on point. I will definitely be back!
Cute interior design and good affordable sushi . What else can you ask for? Best restaurant in Riverdale in my opinion
I have been ordering for takeout from this fine spot for almost a year. The Rib Eye Steak Teriyaki is made to perfection. I highly recommend you try it. Amazing and friendly staff who loves to treat their frequent customers with love and care. Each time I call, I am personally greeted which adds an amazing touch of customer service from their amazing hostess Joanna. I'd never order from anywhere else for my quick Teriyaki and Sushi fix :)
Absolutely Delicious! It's rare to see a Japanese Cuisine with this such delicate dishes and high quality. I tried a crabmeat avocado and grilled spicy sea bass. There was literally an eatable gold slice on the top of the caviar. Carb was Full of flavor and delicious. It's obvious the chef here has some training in high standard western style restaurant which you can tell by the delicacy and perfection from these two dishes. At the same time, these two dishes have a good combination of Asian cuisine and French cuisine. Highly recommended.
I am far from a sushi aficionado, but I must say this is the best sushi in Riverdale.  I have had sushi at about 10 places, and this is #2 on my list.  The waitresses are all very friendly and the sushi is always presented beautifully, tastes fresh, and leaves me wanting more.  My favorite roll is the Spider Roll.  My only complaint is that it takes a tad long from the time the order is placed to the time we receive it.
Aoyu has some of the best sushi you can find anywhere in NYC.  And I mean that... Joanne, the owner/hostess, is terrific (and great with names) and the pleasant, attentive staff follows her excellent lead.  Decor is very nice... but the food?  Incredible.  It's not cheap, but you get what you pay for...  I do wish they had a wider range of sakes which tend to be a tad pricey, but that's nitpicking.  This is one of my favorite restaurants ever.
Aside from misstating the name of the sweet and charming owner/manager, Joanna, the 5-star reviewers below are on the mark. This IS a wonderful, cozy, welcoming Japanese restaurant with impeccable raw fish and many other delicious dishes, which can hold its own against the Manhattan 'biggies.' As the word has spread, it is no longer possible to pop in there at any time and get a table. It is often necessary to reserve. When we began to dine there and found that Joanna's musical repertory was suboptimal, I offered to upgrade her collection with selections I thought appropriate: vintage Dave Brubeck and Jacques Loussier. She gratefully accepted. If you ask her nicely, I'm sure she will play these fine jazz recordings for you as well.
I went there last night. The sushi was excellent. I will no longer be wasting my time driving into Manhattan for sushi. A+
..
Excellent fresh fish, attentive service and Bronx prices. Metered $1.00/hour street parking until 7:00pm, free after 7:00pm and all day Sunday.
This sushi ams the bestest me eated in the New York City. It makes me be like "wow, not all sushi is expensive and not so good in the NYC." If you goes here, you'll be all like "Yahhhh!" It does the cheap. It does the good. It is the yum! Wahhh?
I had the $30.00 Omakase Dinner.  It was outstanding with melt in your mouth Toro Tuna, Salmon and Yellowtail (Hamachi).  Their menu says fish is air shipped from Tokyo Tsukiki Market.   Not your typical gas treated tastless pink pre-frozen Chinese sushi joint tuna. I have been eating sushi since the late 1970s in Manhattan and Westchester.  This quality of fish is not obtainable outside of Manhattan and perhaps two places in Westchester.  I was there on a Monday and this charming little restaurant was not busy.  The waitress was very nice.
Went there a few times when it was called Planet Tokyo (I think?).  What a difference with the exterior and interior decor! A huge improvement.  The sushi was good as well and reasonably priced.
Excellent!!!!!
This is a very modern, clean, and intimate restaurant with a friendly and cheerful staff. The miso soup is excellent, and all the rolls are tasty (they have quite the variety)! Definitely my go-to sushi spot in Riverdale, and I actually prefer it over most sushi joints in Manhattan. The restaurant can hold no more than 20ish hungry customers at once, though. So it would be wise to make a reservation just in case.
i came here with 2 friends for late lunch. everything was fine until they were closing and kept rushing me out. i knew they probably had a long day...i work in the food industry myself. as soon as i stood up i started vomiting horribly. I had no idea why Ive had sushi before. turn out, i had food poisoning from their shrimp tempura. i went back and told them that i wanted a refund and they simply laughed in my face and gave me $20. like, not only did you give me unsanitary COOKED sushi, not only did i get sick off of it but they laughed. fuck this place. don't come here. go to flushing.
Manhattan vibe but with Riverdale prices.  Went there to eat on a Saturday night with a reservation.  Make sure you make a reservation in advance because the place was packed.  Very fresh fish!
Great Sushi and great service. There may not be many restaurants in Riverdale but this one definitely worth a try. Prices are a steal for the quietly of fish that you get also relative to other NYC sushi places.
Really great food at reasonable prices with excellent service. I've had this at the restaurant and via delivery, and the experience for both was swoonworthy. Amazing, creative, delicious rolls (I also have to call out American Dream as an amazing roll), light tempura, excellent duck, truffled appetizers, gently sweet seaweed salad - I could go on and on. I was thrilled with both experiences. Service: when I went there the servers made us feel special, and delivery was super fast. One word of warning - the shumai aren't great. They're standard, bought-in-a-bag dumplings & not that tasty in comparison. Everything else, though, including the gyoza, was amazing. I will probably never go to Kodama again.
My husband and I frequent this place quite a bit, the food is good and fresh. Service is always good too, everyone is always pleasant and kind.
Great service, fresh fish. City quality sushi, non-city prices. Love it, highly recommended.
Speaking from past experience of sushi in NYC, Aoyu most defiantly goes above and beyond in terms of quality and service. I work in Manhattan and am a regular at Sushi Seki and Gari, but I can come home and seek the same service in a more quaint atmosphere and with a less expensive menu. The decor is minimal, yet elegant and modern, which is exactly what I expect form a restaurant of this par. Aoyu always has fresh sushi and I recommend their Toro, Salmon, and they do have lovely Tobiko. For me, this is the best sushi of the suburbs and surpasses Palace of Japan across the street. Weather you attend the hill school and order sushi for lunch or a family with kids, Aoyu will cater your perfect sushi experience.
I've eaten there twice now and the food is fresh and well prepared.  Even the take out dishes are presented well and taste good.  The price is reasonable and the lunch can't be beat.
I was very impressed by their high quality sushi. We found this place on yelp after visiting the New York botanical garden. When I first came here, I didn't have any high expectation though the reviews are good. I've been to places with great reviews but I was totally disappointed. So now I tried not to expect too much but Aoyu Sushi rocks! The restaurant is very clean and the fish is super fresh. I had the grilled salmon, peanut avocado and spicy salmon rolls the first time I was here. They were all great. Yesterday we were here the second time. I ordered omakase sushi. They were fantastic. The eel was the best I've ever had. It's a little crispy but not over cooked. I also love the oyster and king salmon. The miso soup they served here is not too salty which I really like. The dessert I had was fried banana. It was banana tempura, vanilla ice cream with caramel sauce, whipped cream and a plum. It was not overly sweet and ended my meal perfectly. 30 dollars for such high quality sushi is so reasonable. If I got the same thing in manhattan, I would probably end up paying at least 50 or 60 dollars. I can't wait to go back to Aoyu Sushi though I live so far away. Just need to make up an excuse to visit the botanical garden again and come over here for lunch.
This is a great addition to Riverdale! Finally a great sushi spot inthe neighborhood. I highly recommend this restraurant the sushi taste great and the service is great as well.
This is the 4th time my wife and I have eaten here. Great Sushi and Sashimi.    The price is a little more expensive then their predecessor but the quality of the fish and skill of the Chef is well worth it. Chefs Preparation and presentation of the fish showcases not only his skill but the quality and freshness of product. While my experience from this menu has been nothing short of enjoyable I recommend the Sushi Sashimi from the supreme Omakase Selection. The place is small     atmosphere is warm and relaxing.  The  staff are polite and warm.  Overall Best Sushi in Riverdale !
Great sushi and definitely the best in Riverdale.  A little more expensive than their predecessor but I'd argue that it's worth it.  No liquor license yet.
probably best sushi ive had, $$$ but worth it, nice staff
