I was skeptical, but had heard about this place for so long, I thought I'd buy a cheesecake to share with my nephew who is a cheesecake lover.  Wow, it is as everyone says.  S&S makes a seriously sick cheesecake.  Definitely the best I've ever had.  REALLY!  Just don't think about the calories you must be consuming.  The cake is so rich!  But there's a nice lemony taste that balances out the flavors perfectly. It's true, the hours are inconvenient and it's far to go.  But do it and you will not regret your trip.  If you can't make it during store/factory hours, you can pick one up at a nearby supermarket, The Gourmet Garden on Broadway between 233rd and 234th, which is where I got my cake.  The day I went, there were about 10  S&S cheesecakes in the refrigerated section, but a friend who lives in the neighborhood says they sometimes sell out, so you might want to call ahead.  If you drive, there's even parking in the back (or you can park at the huge Staples lot across the street and run over).   Do whatever is necessary to get your hands on one.  So worth it!
Remember. Closed Weekends and don't bother patronizing the store when it's a jewish holiday. They are like B and H. Closed. Learned the hard way today. But the cakes are like no other. it's 16 dollars for a cheesecake at Vargas deli down the block.
Best Chesscake in the World... Hands down... no Competition. Nothing makes my all the women in my life happier (Grandmothers, Mom, Wife, Daughters...). Its that good!
To ME the Best Cheese Cake i've tasted yet. Juniors is sweeter than this brand and I am not a fan of over sweet. You wont regret this stuff! im going to get it for my birthday this year.
This is heavy, heavy, heavy cheesecake.  But it's not all cement mixer goodness.  There is a cakeiness to the texture.  If you understand that the cake contains like 800 eggs you will be hard pressed to find a better cheesecake.  I have ate the cake fresh and also through mail order.  Maybe I didn't thaw it enough when I ordered it but it is consistently better when picked up.  They also charge an arm and a leg to order it via mail. Bottom Line: The best cheesecake I have had.
I've been buying S&S cheesecake for years and years and constantly rave about it to anyone whose an aficionado of cheesecake. There was a time when you only got fruit on the holidays, no worries I'm a purest when it comes to cheesecake. All in all the only complaint is that they have limited hours and then you can go to the bodega next door to pick one up.
I wasn't too sure of this place the first time my grandfather took me here. But I instantly fell in love with their creamy, smooth, yummilicous cheesecake. I LOVE IT. I'm sure you would too.
I'm not a dessert person but I probably have mentioned it before. I'll take a charcuterie plate over ice cream any day. A bag of pistachios over a box of chocolates. And I'd take a cheesecake from S&S over all that crap. Do yourself and a loved one a favor and hop on the 1 train to the Bronx. Get off at 238th, walk to a nondescript warehouse marked "S&S" and then throw all of your money at the old man who buzzes you in (careful with your coins). It is just the most perfectly balanced cheesecake, flavor and texture-wise, I've ever had. I was going to be transporting it to a motley crew of sweet-tooth friends a few hours out by train. The old man assured me it would be fine out of the fridge-no problem. Not only was he right, but the bottom of the box was still cool after 4 hours. I loved it..the motley crew loved it..my diabetic friend with no self-control loved it..his damn cat nearly took my finger off when I gave her a taste. Bring this home for Thanksgiving or Christmas or, as one wise reviewer suggested, have a cheesecake shipped to the manager of a hotel you're going to be staying at for perks! Hell, send it to the damn jail warden to bump up your parole date! You'd be surprised what this kind of charity can do..
I am a cheesecake snob. I love their plain cheesecake so much that I served them at the wedding in lieu of regular cake. I always go for the large one - a friend told me it tastes better than the small one (really? well, I am just FORCED to buy that big one). You can even freeze them and eat them all year around.
On the box, it reads: "You have just purchased the finest cheesecake that money can buy." They're not lying -- it's the best cheesecake, the best dessert anything really, that I could ever potentially imagine. It's creamy, but not too sweet and they're not messing around. I had an issue with quality one time -- it was a little weirdly creamy like it was undercooked -- but otherwise, just amazing.
The experience of finding this place and tracking down a bodega that sells the cakes actually adds to the adventure and enjoyment of the cheesecake.  I found the "factory," which was an old, boarded-up building with an aged sign that read "S&S Factory," and then had to check at a few of the bodegas in the area until I found one that still had cheesecakes in stock for Mother's Day. Honestly, it felt a lot like trying to score drugs. It took me so long to find the place that I was late to pick up my kids from my estranged wife, who of course was acting like a bitch, so I decided not to give her the Chocolate Mousse Cake I had finally obtained. I threw the kids in the car and drove home with tears in my eyes -- she didn't even express interest in the cake I bought her, and besides, did she even deserve a Mother's Day gift with how she's been treating me? So I took the cake home to my actual mother. She had a bite, criticized the "cheap flavor," told me it wasn't as good as Junior's, and then gave me her entire piece because she "didn't need the calories." It is now the next day and I've eaten half the cake --  and guess what? I think it's orgasmic. Sweet, rich, creamy -- it's like a replacement for the lack of love in my miserable life. At least my 9-month-old daughter agrees that this cake is good... but then again, she eats insects and potentially batteries.
I've driven past this place too many times to count.  I never gave it a second thought as the outside looks, well, uninviting.  Anyway, we had a little party at the job, and someone bust out cheesecake. That mess was out of this world! I asked, "Where'd you get this?". The response? S & S! I bought a cake two days later and my friends and I gobbled it up.  Delicious! Be advised it's cash only and they close at 4. But they're awesome.
Best Cheesecake I have ever had!!! I came here in January and purchased the Original Cheesecake from the convenience store a few stores down because the factory had just closed for the day when I arrived. The second time I came here, my best friend and I purchased the Strawberry-Covered Cheesecake for Valentine's Day. On my most-recent visit, I had a visitor from California, so I wanted her to get the full NYC experience, and that included S&S Cheesecake, so we bought a Chocolate Mousse Cheesecake & the Original Cheesecake. All of the cheesecakes are amazing, but the Strawberry-Covered Cheesecake is my favorite one so far. I still want to try the Carrot Cheesecake, but I was told that those go fast, so you're better off calling ahead before making the trek to 238th Street. The actual cheesecakes have more of a pie crust, as compared to a graham cracker crust that you'd typically associate a cheesecake with (if you're from out of NY, which I am.) Although I'd prefer a graham cracker crust, I absolutely love these cheesecakes here at S&S. I make all of my out-of-state visitors try them when they come to visit, and I can't wait to bring some back to California on my next visit home so that my parents and friends can finally taste the cheesecake I've been raving about. If you live in NYC or are visiting the area, S&S Cheesecake is a must!
UNBELIEVABLE! I used to live up the hill from this place. I stopped in after a recommendation from a friend. The actual S&S place is a hole in the wall without much indicating that the public can go in. It was basically a warehouse full of boxes and refrigerators from what I could tell in the front room. Classic New York hole in the wall. The bodega down the block carries their cheesecakes for those who cannot make the oddball hours of the factory. The cheesecake is rich, creamy, and thick. It's not overpowering for me but it is kind of a one slice at a time kind of thing. The crust, most prominent on the outer edge, is delicious as well. I recommend this place to anyone looking for a great cheesecake and I always bring one home when I go back upstate for holidays. In my opinion, this is the best cheesecake in New York.
Yup, this has been a LONG time coming. I actually wanted to try everything they offered. Having now done that (several times over) I have decided, without any conceivable doubt in my mind, that if I were to die and come back as a cheesecake, it would have to be an S&S Cheesecake! Hands down the best cheese cake in all of NYC, this spot knows how to elevate the dessert to a new level - a sweeter level where I can have a Carrot Cheesecake that makes me feel like Ralphie in a Christmas Story when he discovers his dad got him the Daisy BB Gun he just knew he wouldn't get! Do yourself a favor, try all the flavors!
This place rocks.  Love the cheese cake -- it just melts in your mouth -- amazing texture.  I just wished the crust had more layers of flavor.  So glad we found it (-:
If you are... 1. Starting a new job. 2. Meeting your significant other's family. 3. Trying to talk to people on the subway because you are lonely and you have no friends. ...bring this cheesecake along with you. Everyone will like you immediately. It is simply the finest cheesecake known to man. And best of all, it is completely affordable; especially considering you're not just purchasing cheesecake, you're purchasing friends.
I work in an office full of women, which means that everyone is always watching their weight. In theory or in practice, there is dieting being done. There is no arguing that, it is a fact. I love these women, they're awesome. I spend a large chunk of my conscious day with these women. I've taken on the role of  the "nice old lady" in the office and like to bring in treats but they wouldn't snack. I've tried everything, the smaller bite-sized things they can eat discreetly did OK. But I knew there was something out there that would crush their will power. Something so delicious, they couldn't resist. *Don  Vito Corleone Voice* I was gonna give 'em a snack they couldn't refuse. /end impersonation The plain, pre-sliced (they cut it for you and have these little slips of wax paper in between each slice so you can actually lift the slice out, it's perfect, these people are geniuses!) LARGE cake for $23 (cash only) is perfection in a box. This creamy kryptonite carries redemption in every sinful bite. Smiles all around, the mood was lighter in the suite and people were more chatty. No one seemed ashamed that every slice was gone. If you get there after 3pm they'll be closed but don't fret! The store across the street carries them and so does the Garden Gourmet, a local supermarket.
I promised my dear friend who brought me the joy of the WHOLE CHEESECAKE...  whenever I finish all of them, I would YELP about it.   OK!!  It's the TIME... every time, open the freezer and take out the cheesecake box, I feel like...   opening the Pandora's box..   it was my pleasure and pain all the time, even had to hide from my two Kimchee lover brothers... I could say was Juniorholic enough (oh! I still love huge creamy NY style cheesecake) before, BUT S&S!!  I am going to raise my both hands, oh! no!  both arms for it!!! as u know (u don't know??  read my profile!!), English is not my natural born talented language (sometimes, Korean..  even worse.. dammmn)...  I might open my dearest dusty dictionary and find out the right words for what I am feeling now..  but.. let me just keep simple 4 u...  hmmm!  it's like.. like... like.... ORGASM!!  oh! yeah..  it is!!  (I can even act better than Meg Ryan.. =p) maybe, u can volume up there could be better one...   for me?  my journey for the BEST cheesecake?  It's done!!!  finally, I arrive in my destination... I am having my last piece of S&S...  am I tearing??  T_T
I consider myself a Cheesecake connoisseur , I make one that I've been told is amazing and I should sell them. So until I make that detour in my life, this place has the best I have ever eaten outside of my kitchen. Junior's is very good but this is worlds apart better on many different levels. I have sampled nearly all their flavors and they are all excellent  but I am a purist in Pizza and  Cheesecake so the original for me is the best. It is dense. creamy and light all in one Bite.
sometimes you think you know something, until you don't. S&S Cheesecake is the reason that Junior's is not called Senior's: Junior's is great but it's not the best. Cheesecake may be a corny food, but good cheesecake can also melt the heart of the stoniest stone, reduce the craggiest hag to a bubbling kid, it can pick you up and fly you off to bed in the sweetest subliminal blanket of the taste bud mind that secretly longs for its apocalyptic satisfaction. or something like that. everyone says Junior's is the best. well, everyone's heard of Junior's, and Junior's works hard to keep it that way with their marketing campaigns. Junior's want you to think it IS new york, and that's ok because Junior's cheesecake is good. really good. But for my money, S&S Cheesecake in the Bronx is the best, hands down. They have no restaurant, no cafe, no store. No outpost in Times Square. They are a little ugly brick storefront in a scuzzy part of the Bronx, all the way up on 238th Street off Broadway (see picture). the next to last stop on the number 1 train. It's a cheesecake FACTORY. there's no lobby, no reception area. just shelves and boxes and some workers. they make em and they ship em out, to deli's, to restaurants, to gourmets the world over. they have a website. But no one's ever heard of them. You should. i only know about them because i grew up around there. for us it was the only game in town.
I should have mentioned that they ship across the country and we have shipped these NY cheese cakes to other states and been upgraded immediately upon arrival when shipping them to the hotel manager. We usually get the cheapest rooms and then get upgraded to ocean front , presidential suites without asking just because we shipped a cheese cake it saves us hundreds of dollars. It works New York, try it! People outside of New York are blown away! We take it for granted, I should also say that S and S is always voted top cheese cake in NY by Zagat and almost every other food guide and food blog in NYC! We are spoiled here in NY with the best cheese cake in the world and we have several choices! S and S is a great choice!
My 2-hour trip was worth it (traveled all the way from Bay 50th Street in Brooklyn to W238th in the Bronx)!!! Rating: I don't know if it was the trip that I went to, or if I somehow had it conditioned in my head, but I had the most amazing/delicious/mouth-watering cheesecake from S&S.  Even when I look at a picture of their NY Style Cheesecake, my mouth begins to salivate. I came to realize that I'm not a big fan of a thick graham cracker crust, as I felt too much would take away from the cake itself.  Each bite feels like heaven in your mouth.  It's such a smooth cheesecake, too.  I love the sides of the cheesecake just as much as i like the inside.  When you eat a slice, you'll see when I mean ;) My Story: I went to S&S on a Sunday (didn't know to check the store hours beforehand).  For starters, you have to understand how much of a pain the trains can be on a weekend.  All the trains went local, and the 1 train wasn't making stops between 137th st and Dyckman Ave because of emergency repairs, and I had to take a shuttle bus.  And when I got there, it was closed.  All hope seemed to have been lost until a passerby told me that I could purchase the cheesecake in local stores.
Parts deleted to reflect new preference over Junior's. Cheesecake from S&S in the Bronx is a Lex C. family tradition.  For many years on special occasions my dad has made a run down to S&S to pick up one of their legendary NY style cheesecakes (Kosher, I believe, for those who keep)... and now my cousin brings one up every time he visits. S&S is a Bronx institution that deserves a special trip and knocks out the competition for me.  I've only actually been to the place once or twice (preferring, naturally, to have my cheesecake brought to me), and it's nothing to look at, basically a storefront to the factory, but if you're in the neighborhood and want to bring a special treat up from the city, stop by and grab one; your hosts will thank you (THANK YOU G!!!). Update 1/3/07: My dad brought me an S&S cheesecake on Xmas Eve and I ate it throughout the entire week.  I don't know, but I think that I prefer it again over Junior's!  The only solution to this dilemma is to have a side-by-side taste test.  Anyone want to partake?   Never mind, I don't want to share.
Fuhgettabout Juniors cheesecake!  S&S has THE BEST cheesecake I've ever had!   It's perfectly balanced - not too sweet, perfectly creamy, and not too heavy.  I usually have a hard time eating a slice of cheesecake because they are usually too dense.  This cheesecake has a nice lightness to it that allows you to devour then entire slice!   A slice of heaven...*sigh*
Holy cheesecake! Seriously one of the smoothest, creamiest and delicious cheesecakes I have ever inhaled into my chubby Irish face. Zagats (if you follow them) ranked it the #1 cheesecake in New York. Also try their carrot cake...heaven has sent an angel, and it is in the form of a cake with carrots. This is a New York institution and has served the community for well over 35 years. Definitely try one of their cakes when you are in the area.
Best Cheesecake in NYC, maybe the whole Eastern Seaboard.  My wife does not even like cheesecake, but loves S&S Cheesecake.   Yes it is a "factory" with very limited hours.  Locals know the convenience stores nearby stock cheesecake that can be picked up at almost any time of the day. By the way a small is a good 8 slices and is $11.  Large is only $20.
I first learned of S & S in 1978 or 1979, when the NY Times raved about it and said it was served at the Palm, Christ Cella, Smith & Wollensky, and many other great Manhattan steakhouses.  Since I was residing in Riverdale at the time, I drove over and picked up their "industrial-sized" one.  I now live in Manhattan, where the small one (2-pounder) is sold at Zabar's and is extremely cheap--something like $14. My opinion?  It's still the best cheesecake I've ever had, and I'm 57, though a diner on Broadway in Yonkers, right over the City line, baked great ones back in the late '70's.  Dunno if they still exist.  Carnegie Deli's is also great, but S & S is definitely the finest. As for Junior's, I hate to even mention them.  The first time I ever tasted it was after I took a subway ride to Junior's only for that purpose.  What a disappointment!  I consider Junior's to be a vastly inferior cheesecake compared to the others I've mentioned.  There are many that are better--including Eileen's in Nolita.
The best cheesecake ever!  The cheesecake is nice and dense, smooth and creamy in the middle. If you think you've had the best, you must give this place a try! My boo and I have decided officially that S&S is the best cheesecake.  We came here randomly after a trip to Wave Hill.  Going to the Bronx for Wave Hill wasn't worth it, but finding this place (thanks yelp!) made our trip worth it. You can't help but feel you're conducting some illicit transaction here.  The front door is pretty much boarded up and you have to buzz to get in.  Once you're in, there's no small talk. Just say what size cake you want, sliced or unsliced, and hand over your cash (no credit cards) and do the exchange.  I've tried to talk to the guy about the joys of cheesecake, but I was ignored. Their hours aren't great. They close at 3 pm, so get there early and don't be fooled by the nearby grocery stores that sell their cakes.
This cheesecake locale sells one of the THE BEST cheesecakes I have ever eaten (aside from my mother's...hers is the BEST and mine is a close second  :0).  It's a nice dense, cream cheese recipe and they have a few different types.   The original is classic and creamy good.  The chocolate cheesecake is SO rich and every time I buy one to bring to a party, it gets attacked and there are hardly even any crumbs left.  Seriously....it goes quick.  They have various fruit varieties like strawberry and cherry which is pretty much the original cake with fruit compote on top.  My faves are the chocolate and the original.  So very good. They keep factory hours from about 6am to 3pm.  When purchasing around holiday time, it's best to call first and find out what days they are open.  I have made the trip on a regular day that was before or after a holiday  and they've been closed.  If this ever happens to you, there is a bodega on the same block, to the left of S&S that sells their original cheesecakes, large and small.  There are a few other businesses that also sell S&S cheesecakes so you can call for the full list. I would suggest that you purchase an original cheesecake, take it home and serve it at room temperature with a nice ice wine (white dessert wine).  You will not be disappointed.
When the future becomes now and sci-fi declarations of a totalitarian fascist government are realized, S & S will supply the people. The sole 238th street store is so devoid of pretense (or decorations, tables, checkout counter) that there can be no motivating factor other than the love of cheesecake (and making bank, but it's NYC). The cheesecake is pure. Cream cheese, sugar, butter, eggs. They've got fruit topped ones, but that's like getting butter on your H & H bagel - some cakes don't need icing. Business transactions are brief and unadorned - both parties know why you're there so why dawdle. Memorize the location in relation to the subway station down the hill. When the man cracks down on your culinary happiness, you'll need to know how to find this place under cover of darkness.
Believe the hype! This was the hand-down best cheesecake I have ever had. Luckily I live right in the area. Keep in mind that if you go and they are closed, they sell the cakes right next door in the deli. Large cakes (i haven't bought the small yet LOL) was $22 and by large I mean huge.
Okay. There is good cheesecake and then there is juniors cheesecake. This stuff literally disappears when it is brought home. People on diets always make exceptions. People not in diets just go for the whole cake! It is creamy, melty, smells so good, tastes like a dream, whipped up with air and love and deliciousness. Oh so good. Go and get yourself a slice immediately!
I cannot stress enough how heavenly the cheesecake is here. Holy mackarel! It's so smooth and there is no after-taste. The crust is out-of-this-world. Try the chocolate cheesecake. It's like eating a humongous truffle! My family always gets S&S cheesecake for birthdays, holidays, the occasional bris, what have you! We even brought this as a gift to relatives in South Carolina. You may have a heart attack in addition to some GI juices flowing. #1 in my heart and stomach
Hands down the best cheesecake in the entire world, it's the best food to ever come out of the Bronx and that includes a little brand called Haagen...
Without question, the best cheesecake in New York.  My folks introduced me to this heavenly cheesecake many years ago.  They used to bring it home and actually freeze it for a frozen treat.  Hands down -- MUCH better than Junior's ever was! I don't get up to the Bronx often anymore these days, but when I am out on the town having dinner and find out that the restaurant serves S&S brand cheesecake, there is NO WAY that I leaving without having a piece.   Glad to know that they are still making and selling them out of the same factory that they apparently have always made them.
Great cheesecake and great ownership. Ben, the owner, keeps the quality high and the customer service is outstanding. He sent his plumber to fix a leak in my house- for free and on a Sunday. Check out his new steakhouse next door.
I have been a regular at the Ale House two doors down for years and only recently noticed this storefront a few weeks ago.  I was coordinating a retirement function for a cheesecake connoiseur so I knew I had to come correct.  Went by all the great reviews and thought to give this place a try.  So glad I did! I went in solely to purchase a large, strawberry fruited cheesecake and walked out with two boxes of heaven.  A large, chocolate cheesecake with strawberry topping and a small plain cake.  We tried the plain one when we got back to the office and it was gone within 10 mins.  The larger one fed over 20 people at the party the next day, with a number of them returning for seconds.  I had a sliver of the chocolate version and thought it was good (my piece had sat out for a while) but nowhere near as great as the plain one. I can't wait to try the cherry and pineapple versions - they looked so good in that display case!  If you're in the area, stop in for a small (best $13 you will ever spend).  You won't regret it!
4 stars for the cheesecake -1 for no retail space/lack of crust The taste of the cheesecake is quite excellent. Its just the right consistency with a lot of flavor. However it has no crust. One place where they are improve their product. It has a dusting of something, cant tell what it is but is not a proper crust. The "factory" where they make the cheesecakes for mail order does not have a proper retail space. It consists of a doorbell on a steel door. You can tell this is a factory and that is all it is. On the day we went, no one answered so I had to hunt around the bodegas for the cheesecake I trekked here to get. One bodega only had the large one, the other had smalls but only the original cheesecake. Then the bodega wanted to charge $1 to charge $16 to a credit card, as if!! I would suggest they make a retail space in the front of their factory with a decent display where you can see the cake you want and purchase it. In this aspect, I rather go to Juniors! Because of all the trouble it takes to get one of these cheesecakes, I would only order it via mail for relatives in other states or if I was really desperate for one. I like their cheesecake but not sure if I like it this much.....
Im going to say this is the best cheesecake in New York for sure, probably the country and maybe even the world. Its perfect.
I'm the first sub three-star review here, so feel free to take this with a grain of salt, but I'm not impressed by S&S. The cheesecake is okay - rich and smooth - but it's not fantastic. It's plain cheesecake, with only cream cheese to give it flavor. We also tried the cherry cheesecake, which was also alright, but kind of heavy on the corn syrupy, processed taste of the topping. I was initially going to give S&S three stars, but the crust, or effective lack thereof, was a huge disappointment. Even if you're not going to do anything special with a crust, you still need a detectable one. Did S&S' entire crust department get fired during the recession? The prices at the factory? Reasonable, but let's be real - it's the factory, not a dressed-up retail location (Juniors). If you want a cheesecake that can blow S&S out of the water, try this recipe - epicurious.com/recipes/f… (but preheat your oven to 500F instead of 550F). Use cinnamon graham crackers in the crust and you will be a rockstar.
Has to be the best cheesecake I ever had. I am fortunate to live close to this place and most of the local markets carry their cake (I don't think you can walk into their location and buy directly from them). Anyway, make sure you let the cake sit out for 25 minutes before serving, the closer it gets to room temperature, the richer and creamier it is.
The best cheesecake period. (4.5 stars rounded up) Perfect consistency and texture, not too sweet and deliciously creamy. Could use a little more crust to cheesecake ration, but ll forgive them. is it worth the trek to the Bronx? Kind of, but more so if you get the carrot cake at Lloyds, then its really worth the trip!
I tried their cheesecake at Christmas.. The cake is good, really good. But last week I tried Junior's for the first time. I have to be honest, and I have to say that at Junior's I didn't have a regular cheesecake but a Devil's food cake cheesecake, so it's not really fare to compare the 2, but the cake I had at Junior's was simply amazing. Maybe S n S' plain cheesecake is better, I don't know, my tastebuds are not that refined, but I had a better time eating the devil's food cake cheesecake at Junior's. Besides, S n S cheesecake is just a factory, you can't just go there, sit and have a slice, and that's what's killing it for me.
I'm driving through the Bronx, walking towards a metal door, ringing a doorbell waiting for a response, "What's the password?". No seriously, I felt like I was going in to exchange some illegal paraphernalia. You walk in, and you're like what in the hell is this shady dungeon of a factory? And then you see that glowing refrigerator and you're like.. JACKPOT! I got the NY cheesecake and it was just such a dense, creamy, smooth texture. After cutting the cheesecake, I took some time to lick off the remaining cheesecake off my knife. I don't care what you all think, I ate all of it, cleaned off my knife, made sure I didn't lose a bit of that cheesecake. THAT GOOD! Rarely do I ever find myself truly enjoying a dessert.
I schlep all the way across the Bronx from Throggs neck to Riverdale for this cheescake.  It is the best available, anywhere.   Pay attention...if you go on Sunday and they are closed look for the sign in the bodega across & down the street.  They sell the S&S cheesecakes there.
Amazing cheesecake, you say?  Hell yes, I am going to hunt it down and try it. Verdict? I really wanted to love the life out of this cheesecake, but it boils down to what you look for in The Perfect Cheesecake. For me, density is a major factor.  S&S dishes out a fine specimen, all creamy and smooth.  But it's not dense and firm enough.   That said, I still devoured 1/3 in a single sitting. It may not be The One but it's pretty high up there. I opted out on making the pilgrimage to Riverdale and trekked instead to Zabar's which carries the 2-lb. version for $14.79.
I've had Junior's, which I found too sweet, and homemade, which was way too creamy. Nothing compares to S&S. It is the right balance of creamy and sweet. S&S has started making chocolate mousse cake, and it's just as delicious as the cheesecake. Like the cheesecake, it's not too sweet and it's the right amount of creamy goodness.
i've only tried the strawberry cheesecake, but i liked it a lot. i see some people are comparing it to junior's cheesecake, but i don't think junior's can compete with s&s. i think only martha's country bakery competes. 1 star knocked off because the hours are  inconvenient and the crust is a bit lacking (not enough).
Best cheesecake I've ever had. Their hours are early, so you can also get their cheesecake at the convenience store down the block.
OH, I really wanted to like this cheesecake! I have dreamed and searched (and nagged) for a week, finally my husband, on his lunch break, drove from connecticut all the way to the bronx and got me the cake!! $14 for a whole cake, what a steal! I enjoyed the flavor of the cake- not overly sweet and a little tangy, but what killed the cake for me is the texture, it has a pudding center layer that was way too soft for me. I like a more dense cheesecake with a little more "cheesy" and tangy flavor. However! My husband took the rest of the cake to work the next day, and everyone from his office raved about how creamy and delicious it was, so it is definitely a personal preference thing. FYI. For those of you who want to give it a try, Zabar's in the city sells the cheesecake (you will have to call and order, they do not sell it online). I have called Wolfgang and Palm, they do not serve S&S anymore.
I cannot tell you how many times I have exported one of these cheese cakes out of NYC to show people how good NY cheese cale really is. No one has ever been let down. S&S is really the number 1 cheese cake of NYC. You don't have to go to Manhattan!  It's right here in da Bronx baby!  The store itself is built for speed not for comfort but don't be affraid it's worth it!
Wow.  After seeing all these reviews while I was roaming around the Bronx, I had to drop by.  Luckily, I came here a bit before closing time (3pm).  You had to ring the doorbell to get let in to the warehouse type building.  It's not a store or restaurant-just a guy with some cheesecakes in the fridge, and the rest of it is boxes and what not in the back. So I tell him it's my first time and I'm asking for a sample, or at least a slice.  He says nope, I have to buy a whole cheesecake for $13 (the strawberry would be $3 more).  I innocently asked, but what if I don't like it??  He hands me a Zagat review piece of paper and promises that if I don't love it, I'll get my money back.  Btw, tons of other liquor stores, etc were selling these cheesecakes, because as he commented, they're open 24hrs while he closes up at 3pm (why so early, who knows.  But since people are paying $65 to ship one cheesecake, I guess that's why he CAN do that). So about the cheesecake.  First of all, $13 is a pretty good deal for a whole circle of it.  Secondly-maybe I'm too used to the Cheesecake Factory and other mainstream restaurants, but I do love a thick crust (I've always thought it to be the best part, after all).  This cheesecake barely has a crust and that bugged me (but mah boo does like that).  However, I normally don't like actual cheesecakes (everything besides the crust) and for this one at least-I dug the inside w/ its unique creaminess!  So props to that.  Overall, great cheesecake.  So yay!
Say hello to the nation's best cheesecake, at least according to Zagat's. The small and large pies emerging from S&S Cheesecake are packed full of the freshest, most natural ingredients for a taste unlike any other. I trekked out to their ONE location in the Bronx and bought 2 small cheesecakes: original and carrot. Although I am not well versed in cheesecakerey, these cheesecakes were delish. What makes S & S cheesecakes so good?  Perhaps it is the fact they use only the freshest ingredients in their pies--no artificial anything.  The cakes are dense and creamy with no funny aftertaste. Perhaps it is the crust; baked to perfection without being crispy, soggy, or flaky. Maybe it's the fact they have not sold out like so many other places (see Junior's (yes I said it. Have you been to Times Square??)). Every single S&S cheesecake comes out of the tiny windowless warehouse off 238th Street in the Bronx, as it has for over 50 years. As I write this review, I am eating one slice of the original and of the carrot. S&S Cheesecake is the real deal. It has set the bar so high in cheesecake land that I will never be able to eat another slice of cheesecake without thinking of S&S.  In fact, I am not sure I will ever be able to eat another slice of cheesecake from anywhere other than this place. S&S Cheesecake is open M-F 6am-3pm. If you can't make those hours or are scared to trek out to the Bronx, the surrounding stores sell their cheesecakes plus several other stores and restaurants throughout New York City. They also ship to anywhere in the United States. Pies come in 6 varieties and start at $12 for the original New York Style when you buy it from the warehouse. Cheesecakes are certified kosher.
I pickup this cake all the time to surprise my friends and families. If it's not open, you can always go to the nearby deli. Out of coincedience, I had Junior's on a Saturday night then an S&S the next day. I love S&S hands down. I used to love Martha Frances in 2nd avenue, Manhattan, but she somehow has gone missing!
Rarely do I feel compelled to exercise brevity when writing a review. The beautiful simplicity of this business makes this review one of those instances. This place lacks ambiance, seating and evening hours. The neighborhood does not give you a warm, fuzzy feeling. If you want to sit down and eat cheesecake, you're really better off going to one of their retail buyers. If you miss their 3pm closing, there are 2 nearby shops that sell their cheesecakes; this is what I ended up doing. For my tardiness, I paid a mere $1 premium on a $13 small plain cheesecake, which really isn't all that small. And the price? An absolute bargain. This is an actual, no-frills "cheesecake factory" which allows the price to stay low. Yelp is the reason I found S&S, and their glorious product is the reason I will return. Extremely minimal crust, perfect sweet-to-creamy ratio and moisture level. "Doing one thing well!" is their mantra, and it couldn't be more accurate: this is the best cheesecake I've ever had.
"S&S Cheesecake" factory bakes one of the best cheesecakes in the Bronx that melts in your mouth with every fresh & creamy bite. "Brooklyn's Juniors Cheesecake" can be thankful that it patent it's world's famous cheesecake because I like graham cracker crust.
On Friday it was a birthday and a cake was in order.  His favorite is S&S Cheesecake and here's my slice: yelp.com/biz_photos/1thB… I love cheesecake and S&S delivers a high quality one for sure.  The thin crust is top notch while the filling was very smooth/creamy in a heavy way.  A glass of milk to go along with my slice would have been great! Summary:  Good cheesecake.  I love it's characteristics, but i actually prefer it less dense and more fluffy.  3 stars for now as it's kinda out of the way to get to.
I would definitely put S&S' cheesecake up against any other spot in NYC.  Best cheesecake I've ever had in or out of the city.  If it wasn't for my diet, there would be a solid supply in the fridge. Best part is, after they close for business, the bodega next door sells their goods!!  After stumbling out of the bar, a quick supply is a few steps away. Can't wait for their Steakhouse to open up!
Simply the best cheesecake in the whole wide world. As they say in affidavits: "further deponent sayeth not." I have nothing more to say.
I've had this place bookmarked for quite some time, after reading about it somewhere online. We finally got a chance to try it which was a big mistake because now, my cheesecake standards have been set high! Picked up a 5 lb strawberry cheesecake ($32)...yes, I know...5 lbs...it's a lot but we figured the trek out here and from the reviews, it had to be good and the small for $16 might not cut our craving. Besides, we can always share with our friends! The first bite was heavenly. This type of cheesecake is fluffy, moist, dense and quite rich (after a few bites). The strawberries on top was not overly sweet or artificial. The overall taste was sinfully delicious and not overly sweet at all. So glad we got 5 lbs of it in our fridge!
If you give this place less than 5 star's..let's just say I won't pay attention to any other review. If it is the best cheesecake you have ever had, give it 5. It is the best of its type as the rating says. It is by far the best cheesecake in New York (not to mention the price is way lower than who must not be named.) It is by far my favorite dessert.
Yumm-Yumm-Yumm! Their strawberry cheesecake is so freaking good. I'm just thinking about it now and I want some! So, so good. What you love about cheesecake~ this one has! It has a life of it's own (no, not literally). It's rich and creamy but not overpowering. So light and tasty and melts in your mouth! The only setback is their location and hours of operation. You have to trek it to the Bronx and do it between 6am and 3pm. There is a bodega next door that carries their cakes and they're usually good but nothing beats fresh! But don't fret~ they deliver! Totally recommend!
Great Cheesecake and the best sold anywhere.Have this Cake once and you will always buy this Cheesecake. Owners are very nice people and its located in the Kingbridge/Riveradle Area of the Bronx.. Highly Reccommend to all !.
Just adding my voice to the choirs of praise. The last time I consumed this cake, I went and fetched it from the factory, and there was another customer doing the same. I think I bought from the owner himself, who wished the previous customer Good Shabbos, but not me. I guess he could tell I'm not Jewish. On top of everything else, the cake is completely kosher. And fantastic.
Im a dessert person.travel around the world.no place like s&s cheesecakhttp://www.nytimes.com/2012/08/01/dining/­lost-then-found-new-york-food-classics.html?­pagewanted=all&_r=0      dont take it from me  taket from the best Mimi Sheraton.   look at the video
My son Justin Loves all things "New York" so I did some research on the best Cheesecakes in New York and S&S was at the top of the list. The ordering process was easy and the people at the shop were very nice. I wanted it delivered on a specific date and it came on time. It was beautiful and very delicious and I would definitely order from them again. Thanks S&S for making my sons birthday special!!
Simply the best.... Juniors $$^()   Enough said
I literally live a few blocks away and always pass the S&S Cheescake Factory on my way to the train or something. It looks like a closed factory with the gate sometimes open, but one day before Thanksgiving-- me & my husband decided to go in a maybe buy one of their cheesecakes. So my husband wanted a strawberry cheesecake which they ran out of so he got me one of their Chocolate Moose Cheesecakes (because I'm a major Chocoholic!!!)-- the small one was $14. Well... Lemme tell you it was thee Best Chocolate Moose Cake that I have ever had in my life!!! It's just literally a whole piece of Chocolate Heaven!!! So creamy, so soft, so decadent, you must try it, Believe me. If you read my reviews you know I'm pretty much as real and detailed as I can be and I gotta say it brings a Challenge to Brooklyn's Junior's Cheesecake (which I grew up having since I lived their all my life). Junior's is amazing but I don't know if their Chocolate Moose Cheesecake has anything on S&S's choco-slice-of-heaven!!! Oh and I think on one of most of their boxes of Cheesecakes it says that their ingredients are Kosher*, for all who observe that. So ppl, bottom line... if you're in the BX and you want some cheesecake to take home drive by or walk, train, bus it to West 238th Street near Broadway and get yourself an S&S Cheesecake, I recommend the Chocolate Moose Cheesecake because that's what I tried, but it looks like from the reviews that all of their flavors are: The Bomb!!! Enjoy xoxo!!! **Just alittle tip, it's CASH-ONLY when you pick up there, they have a website which of course will take all major Credit Cards-- i'm sure**.
Really good cheese cake. Best part is its fresh and half the price.
S&S has the most yummiest cheesecakes I've ever had.  Is creaminess will have you coming back for more! Great as a holiday gift too.
I am not the biggest fan of desserts in general but I do like this cheesecake.  I was surprised to learn that one of the most famous places to get cheesecake happen to be in the Boogie Down Bronx.  WAY UP by 238th street, but its true as it was mentioned before this is the place to go to buy a cheesecake for the office or a big family gathering.  The prices were honestly not that bad the last time was dad did go in the area to pick one up.  Still I can't believe this place is mentioned as one of the most famous places to get Cheesecake in New York. I highly recommend a visit to go there
LIterally the best cheescake I have ever had. My mom and I used to buy cakes from there when I was kid because it was right in front of the bus stop we waited at. It's a hole in the wall but once you step inside there's literally stacks and stacks of cheesecakes. It's like stepping into desert heaven. Everytime we go in the person who's working is so sweet and helpful. The prices aren't bad at all either. Hell, I tink I'd buy a medium cheescake from them for like 70 bucks: it's that good. Despite how hidden it is, it's a gem and if it ever closed down a lot of people would notice. Thinking about how amazingly creamy and delicious their cakes are is tempting me to go get one right now (:
I first heard of S & S Cheesecake from a colleague at work. He said that it is the best cheesecake in New York. Of course, my response was "Better then Juniors?" When he said yes, I had to give it a try. The cheesecake is very creamy. More creamy then your average cheesecake. I think the best part is the crust, which I don't think is pound cake. I also highly recommend their chocolate moose cake, which tastes as if it has some cream cheese in it as well. The only negative is that they are not sold as widely as Juniors. You can pick them up at Cold Cut City (see my previous review) and Ben's Market in Knolls Crescent. Trust me - it is well worth traveling to the Bronx for this cheesecake.
I've been eating cheesecake in and around NYC for longer than I care to remember and this place is undoubtedly THE BESTt. How long is "longer than I care to remember?"  OK--in the 1960's used to eat regularly at the famous and long gone Max's Kansas City on Park Av South in Manhattan--(dinner for two I think was around $10 if you didn't have drinks!), the cheesecake was so good that one night I asked where it came from.....S&S was the answer.  A year or so later I had a fabulous cheesecake a coffee shop in upper Westchester, asked where it came from.....S&S.   Shortly thereafter I learned they had a retail outlet in the Bronx, and I was hooked and still make the pilgrimage to the funky and functional store there once a year or so.  As incredible as ever--creamy, smooth, with the perfect blend of ingredients.  If you're a cheesecake devotee, be sure to experience it at least once in your life......
I was first introduced to this cheesecake 3 years ago... and no other place has matched the quality and price combination! Quite simply put, it's the best New York style cheesecake around. Hands Down. No other bakery can replicate the smooth and light quality on a perfect graham crust.. Everyone thinks Junior's is the best... until they've done the side-by-side taste test comparison... it's like comparing a brick of butter to spoonfuls of clouds! I'm all for rich desserts, but heavy, dense, sit-in-your-stomach cheesecakes just don't do it for me. *Everyone* comes back for another serving of S&S cake because it tricks you into thinking you haven't had that much. It's too deceiving with its fresh ingredients and heavenly lightness! The owners are super nice and the deli at the corner sells the cakes refridgerated or frozen when the factory has closed. It's factory hours are still 6am-3pm, they only accept cash and you literally trek to 238th just to pick up a cake... but it's totally worth it. Your stomach will thank you.
I reviewed s & s cheesecake in 2008 and still rate it as #1. I have to order the cake from Zabar's because I live in South Jersey and find it difficult to travel to the Bronx. No one carries the product in NJ but was told by an employee @ s & s that a distributor was in the works in my area(Cherry Hill) but it never happened. Perhaps if Steve(?) still works there he can update me.
O-M-G!!! How did it take me so long to find this place in my neighborhood and I frequent the alehouse next door regularly?!?! Cheesecake is make of sweet clouds and velvety dreams.
True story. I brought an S&S cheesecake to a reception in Oklahoma. I sort of hung around the table where it was set out. I overheard two women discuss the quality of the cake: Woman no.1: It's as good as sex! Woman no.2: It's better!! This is a wonderful example of the traditional Jewish cheesecake. (I find Junior's has a bitter aftertaste.) This is the one, gang!!! ( and they ship their cakes, too!)
Man oh man oh man am I glad I bought this cheesecake! I definitely consider myself a cheesecake aficionado,  baking them all the time and was getting tired of it, so I decided to go on a quest to find the perfect cheesecake in NYC. My journey led me to S&S. It's a hole in the wall down W. 238st [blink and you miss it], but everyone (at least in my part of the Bronx) knows how good it is. It's not the most aestheically pleasing cheesecake, but one bite and I thought I died and went to Heaven. Sadly it's been overshadowed by Junior's, but it's reasonably priced and you won't regret buying one. My friend who never tried cheesecake before said it was the most delicious thing he's every tasted and that's alot for someone who hates cheese. Not going to bore you anymore, so here are facts :] Small cheesecake [8-10 slices] is now $12, large $22 for plain - super affordable. Hours are Monday to Friday until 3 PM You can order by fax, phone and snail mail -- newly discovered you can order off their website with 2 day shipping. Most importantly, they take credit/debit cards now, so never fear if you don't have cash. I'm still trying to figure out how they do it, all cream cheese, amazing crust...it's sheer perfection.
Silky, creamy... Flawless. I have only had the classic cheesecake, and I am in love with it. Honestly I would eat the entire box a lone if it wasnt for sharing with my girl. I need to try the pineapple one, and the chocalate mouse. Craving it now.
S&S Cheesecake is so rich, creamy and not too sweet. Def one of the best cheesecakes I've had.  Great dessert to bring to any dinner party.
Hands down BEST cheesecake in NYC. Forget Juniors - this is the ultimate in flavor and texture. For any cheesecake lover - this is THE spot.  It's also very reasonably priced. I have purchased this for many friends' birthdays - always rave reviews.
I've never actually been here in person but I've tasted their cheescake plenty of times. My parents are usually the one that go and pick up the cheescake usually for a birthday or special occasion. I had a cherry cheescake for my birthday 2 years ago and it was absolutely delicious. I try to stay away from sweets but with S&S cheescake I absolutely can not resist. Their cheescake is soooo good and the quality of it is amazing. As for pricing they are moderately priced but if you're ever in the area you MUST pick up a cheescake from here. I guarantee you won't regret it.
BEST CHEESECAKE.  Very addictive and creamy and fresh.  Don't buy cheesecake from anyone else especially after you try this cheesecake!  I live like a block away from the actual factory which is fairly small and very factory like but it's great knowing that they just made it and it is super fresh.  They close early on Fridays and are closed on Saturdays (follow the Jewish calendar). They sell to all the local bodega's and Garden Gourmet, so if you missed them you can always go to the bodega and buy one (it won't have fruit on it but it will be cheesecake nonetheless).
The best cheese cake. And no doubt about it. Full of flavor and great deal in the  pocket. It is also, I left out that it is very fresh and very just all around great. I am so glad that I am in walking distance there.
Great cheesecakes. Problem is you can only get them in the grocery store a few doors down.
Best cheesecake and best value hands down.  For those who complain that there are no places to sit down...just go to many of the local restaurants --- piper's kilt, indian road, riverdale diner all serve s&s in addition to many of the best ny steakhouses.  Its a factory for crying out loud!!  Lack of retail space is not even a legitimate comment or reason to downgrade this heavenly treat. Contrary to other people who have commented about lack of crust-- this crust is an amazing cookie crust.  It is not a commercial cheesecake that companies like the cheesecake factory jam down your throat.  If you are a true cheesecake connoisseur, look no further, s&s is a dream come true. Plus you cannot beat the prices.  Even my lactose intolerant boyfriend loves this cheesecake--- that says a lot.
So creamy.... So delicious... I love you S&S Cheesecake....
I usually volunteer to bring desert to parties, pot luck dinners, etc so I can just have an excuse to buy an S&S cheesecake. I really love cheesecake  - this is my favorite. Just like the picture - the factory is nothing fancy but it's not needed. I love that it's made locally - right down the block from me! I usually buy from the deli next door.
I was so lucky to grow up in this neighborhood!  When I went to work in my 20's I convinced my boss to let me ship this cheesecake to our customers all over the country as an incentive.  It worked better than a money bribe!  They loved it.  Now I'm in Florida and turning people on to it here.  Even Jackie Onassis had her limo pulled up to this little factory for her favorite cake. It truly is the best money can buy.  Only wish I could drive up for my cakes now instead of paying for the shipping :-(
29 other reviewers can't be wrong this place is all its cracked up to be yes it is that good. I would bet my Mother-in-Laws New York Cheese cake against any ones, but not against  this Cheese Cake, it will win sorry Ma:(. There is so good ones to try. I can't wait to try them all.
Thumbs UP! Much better than Juniors cheese cake.. AND the best part of it is we are just a block away from the bakery! uh! I can smell the yumminess already!  forget about all the NYC cheese that you know.... this is the best.... not expenxive not like any other cheese cake out there. you come to NY? this shld be on your "Must have/ taste" list.
S&S was closed for vacation when we stopped by yesterday, but fortunately the deli a few doors down sells some of their cheesecakes.  We bought a two-pound plain one ($12) and just finished eating part of it.  It's not the *best* cheesecake I've ever eaten, but it's certainly delicious; very creamy and tasty.
If you love super creamy cheescakes without lemon zest - this is the perfect cheesecake for you! Love, love, love!
I love this place I go here at least 2 times a month to pick up a cheese cake if ur in the area give this place a try u will fall in love with their cheese cakes
For  people in the Bronx, this is their Cheesecake place.  They make a decent cheesecake and I've eaten it on numerous occasions.  If I had never had Junior's cheesecake, this would have been the best cheesecake, but Juniors is where it's at. Portion size, you get more here for the money, so if you are going for an almost Junior's cheesecake, for less money, this is it!
I had read good reviews about this cheesecake and I agree it is quite tasty.  Not to sweet and not to "creamscheesy" so to speak.  I think the next time we purchase one I will garnish it with fresh fruit, of my own to make it extra tasty.
Best cheesecake in New York City. In fact, it is the best cheesecake I have ever had. After you tasted it you can't go back to any other cheesecake again. Very rich texture, soft, smooth, creamy. Hands down.
I love cheesecake. This place got high reviews so I went to go check it out. Lucky for me only 10 mins from home. The place is rarley open so you have to get your cheesecake from next door at bodega. Little choice when you do that. I did catch the place open once. The place is a dump with one little fridge and a few available cakes. The guy who was there was on his cell phone and served me without ever finishing his call. Not very good service but the cake was good just not the best that I've ever had. I'd go back only because it's close to home and I usually pass the place on my way home from somewhere else.
Mmmmmm..Probably the best cheesecake I have ever tasted.   Its was just a heavenly combination of creamy delicious extacy. I added some pineapple of my own to top it off and boy was it good.   If you are ever in the Bronx definitely a can't miss.
Some say Junior's cheesecake is the best but S & S has always had it beat. The consistency is perfect and the flavor is wonderful. S & S is one of those small, local places that has kept the quality of their product all these years. Junior's, which some people rave about has not kept their quality even though they continue to expand their locations. S & S is the best cheesecake in New York City. Forget Junior's and come up to the Bronx for S & S. You'll be glad you did!
Worst customer service I've ever dealt with! They shipped the cheesecake I ordered for my sister-in-law's birthday to an address that didn't even exist! After the cake didn't deliver (on time), I e-mailed them to find out what happened. I get this e-mail stating they made a mistake on the address that I gave them and that I had two choices, 1) Get a refund or 2) Have a new cake delivered well over a 10 days late from when it was suppose to be delivered. I responded back that after all the hassles they put me through, that I wanted a refund and a new cheesecake. They agreed, I got my refund but then NEVER received the new cake. I contacted them, but never heard back. I finally gave up. What a huge disappointment and a waste of my time. More importantly, my sister-in-law never got her gift. I had to make other accommodations.
I went with the classic strawberry cheesecake - RICH, CREAMY, DELICIOUS. Well balanced with the tart of strawberry and smooth cheese. - a must try.
I'll make this short and sweet. The best damn cheesecake in NYC, maybe the entire United States, possibly the world.
The best there is.
I have to confess that I've unfortunately never actually been to the S&S factory (something I intend to rectify eventually).  But I've been a big fan of their cheesecakes for years, having gotten them at various restaurants as well as in stores.  There's good reason that great restaurants like the Palm use S&S instead of doing their own cheesecake: S&S makes a unique, delicious cheesecake that is among the city's best.  Its an American-style cheesecake (amde with cream cheese), has a thin cookie crust to give it a little extra kick, and as moist and delicious as any other of this type that I've had.  If you've never had it and you're a lover of cheesecake, its a must that you find a store that sells it--or make the pilgrammage if you're serious--and try it out.  Between this and Lloyd's for carrot cakes, I really need to take a trip up to Riverdale/Kingsbridge for the first time.  Yes, just for the cakes.
Good cheesecake.  S&S cheesecake is rapidly becoming a work tradition for birthdays.  The perfect density, sweetness -  everything you would ever want in a cheesecake.  Not gimmicky with decorations or flavors, this is the real thing and it won't last long in your fridge.
best cheesecake, great texture and flavor...no funny after taste...mortons steakhouse gets their cheesecake from here so obviously you know its good!
I am not a fan of cheesecake, however S&S cheesecake is the only one that I will eat...and eat...and eat!
Great Cheesecake.  Creamy and not overly filling. Also sold at Ben's Market. I love Juniors cheesecake also but it is super filling.  This one is not as heavy and a bit more affordable without sacrificing quality.
yes better than junior's...... and closer!
Delicious
best cheesecake ever.  EVER!!!
best cheesecake on the face of this planet!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am so glad that S&S is still around so many years after graduating from Manhattan College! Any real celebration was worth the trip to the grubby storefront to get a cheesecake. Our professor introduced it to us and we all became fans for life.
WHO NEEDS JUNIORS.... S&S has the best cheesecakes around!  Always fresh, creamy, and melts in your mouth.  The whole cheesecake is less than $30 and it is huge, great for a party.  I don't know how they still keep the prices so great but I am NOT complaining.  Thank you S&S for loving your customers.   Say goodbye to overpriced JUNIORS $60 cheesecakes.  If you have the means to get to this area please stop and pick up a cake.
They make awesome fresh cheese cake.
hands down the best cheesecake i ever had and I'm not a cheese cake lover so for me to say this it must be good. keep up the good work
people invite me to parties... in massachusetts... with the understanding that i am only allowed to come if i bring one of these cheesecakes.  if i dont have time to get one, i might as well not even bother showing up.  seriously.  if you havent had one i feel really bad for you.  hurry up & get yourself a big one... the small ones are just a tease.
S & S has the best cheesecake in New York.  I bought 3 cheesecakes to share with my co-workers and everyone raved about the cakes. Some began salivating by just seeing the S& S box.
Just don't get all the hype found it pretty plain and bland.
This is the cheesecake you will be served in many of the city's top steakhouses. There has been a presliced option for the large plain cheescake available at the walk-in  factory in the Bronx, saving you time and a bit of a mess trying to slice for a large party. As for the taste, it is just a hint of vanilla in a fresh, dense and creamy cake. I don't know if there has been a change in the payment options, but used to be cash and carry only in the Bronx.
