Still the best pizza going.
whatever, other pizzerias - do your best, but there can be only one... worth going out of way for, worth camping out for, worth changing jobs for, worth leaving family for, worth questioning ones role in the cosmos for.. etc... yes, one, or a hundred, little thin crust pizzas can make all your dreams come true.. and you wont even mind the retarded parking..
Super thin crust pizza.... Was awesome. Ate a small pie by myself. A bit expensive considering how much pizza you can eat but worth the try.
Place is small and the parking is terrible, but the pizza is the best (and I don't mean to say its good, I mean it is literally THE BEST I've ever had) and the service has always been adequate.  Johnny's may not be the "5 star" restaurant for everyone, but I wouldn't change a thing about this place.
My family has been going for 30 years.  Best pizza ever.
the pizza is fantastic!!! but it's like being served by the soup natzi. don't even think about getting out of there in less than 2 hrs. if you are NOT a regular. heavens no...don't order as soon as you sit down. wait for the grumpy waitress to come over and ask for your drink. she will pop the can open and leave. wait again, around a can full of soda later and if you are very lucky your order will be taken. then don't hold your breath, the pies take 11 minutes to bake. the last two times i went 1 hr and 40 minutes(we couldn't believe it) for pure heaven. but is it worth the wait and the aggrevation??? oh, if you order as soon as you sit down, it seems as if the waitress doesn't place the order at all and will ignore you. this has happened one too many times for me.
I heard all the hype prior to coming to Johnny's for the first time. The reputation speaks for itself. This establishment has been running for 70 years! I am a big pizza fan. I grew up eating pizza and watching the yankees, giants and knicks. This brings me to my next point, which is all the memorabilia hanging on the wall. I take pride in my fan base and I love to see their support for the city. Although Johnny's is a hidden gem and has a small lot, nothing can possibly disappoint you after a slice. This famous pizza is done the real way. The layer of fresh sauce is so flavorful and the dough is thin and delicious. The cheese is melted in a layer before the sauce which adds an unbelievable taste. The crust is crunchy but not too crispy. The fried calamari on another level. It tastes similar to the seasoning restaurants put on french fries. The seasoning gave the fried calamari so much flavor. As I was waiting for my food, I noticed each table that got a pie of pizza. Those pies of pizza were plain. Any time you go to a pizzeria and you see pizza's being served by the pie without any toppings, you know it's good. Pizza has very simple ingredients but it's about using the quality products and making the pizza the right way. This is the type of pizza where you don't need to complicate anything with toppings. Just keep it simple with a plain pie. The cheese is great, the dough is great and the sauce is great. Those three elements are perfectly executed at Johnny's. After all a plain slice of pizza symbolizes the colors of the Italian flag. It takes us back to the legacy of Queen Margherita of Savoy. We must embrace the history of pizza by honoring the original creation which was the Margherita pizza. I will return to Johnny's soon without a doubt. It is the best hidden gem pizzeria in Westchester County. If you haven't gone..please do yourself a favor and get familiar.
Huge fan..Don't stray from pizza, best when hot so I suggest dining in. As good as it gets for thin crust cheese pizza.. Cash only so make sure you have it...
Pizza is thin and delicious point blank.
This place is hands down the best pizzeria ever. The pizza is delicious. Every bite you take just makes you want more. I had a whole cheese pie by myself one time. There is only thin crust pizza. I don't know how to describe it, it is that good. Everyone must try it. It is awesome
Best thin crust pies in lower-Westchester/Bronx without a doubt. You have to order it by the pie but make sure you order twice as much as you were expecting because it'll go fast.
Best pizza by far. Its a mom and pop shop, literally (mom) is still working the register.   Great tasting pizza, has that authentic italian taste.  Fantastic service and prices are competative so for the taste its a STEAL!!! If you're in the area, you must make it to Johnny's on West Lincoln!
Wife and I ate there last night for first time.  Neither of us thought the pizza was anything near the hype on this site.  Mushrooms seemed from a can.  Sausage, not much flavor.  Sauce, bland.  Crust was only aspect notable.  Good but certainly not special.
I have had their pizza twice. Once was take out and it was cold by the time it got home but was still okay. The second was at the actual restaurant. It was good, nice seasoning and flavor but didn't really stand out as the best I have tried. They were pretty busy but it seemed to take a while to get our food. I do recommend the fried ravioli - very good!!
This review is strictly for the pizza, which is why most people take the trip to Johnnys! Some of the best pizza I have ever had besides Patsy's in Harlem. This is very thin, crispy pizza so it is easy to eat half a pie with ease. The sauce, one of the most crucial elements of a good pizza, is perfection and Johnnys adds just the right amount along with a proportionate amount of cheese. You may want to wait a few minutes for the pie to cool once being places on the table but it will be very difficult to resist biting right into it! I've never had the takeout but I'm assuming it is much better to eat at the location as is most pizza. I will always say Johnny's is the best pizza I've ever had, coming from a true New York pizza connoisseur.
Thin crust with incredible secret layered cheese recipe. Real Italian family pizza joint and great prices.
Not Lombardis but will satisfy u. Very thin and crispy ! Perfect ! Crowded and parking is scarce but definitely worth the wait ! It took about half hour to get my pizza order ready. But it was delicious  .15 $ for large pie. It thin so it doesn't really fill u up. They put their sauce over the cheese , maybe that's the reason why the dough stays crispy .They do not use fresh mozzarella but it's still pretty good
My favorite Pizza of all time.
We have been coming here for years, and as all of the other reviews say - this is the best pizza anywhere.    I've had pizza all over the country, and never found a pizza this good - the crust is thin, and the perfect amount of sauce and cheese. Try it!
I am confused.   Our pizza (take-out, I don't think they deliver) was incredibly cheese challenged.  I understand thin crust pizza and am a big fan of Lombardos and Grimaldi's.... we weren't expecting dripping with cheese.... but we actually debated among ourselves whether there was ANY cheese whatsoever on this pizza.    The crust is great.   Thin, yet chewy.   The sauce?  Very flavorful.    But I can't get past the lack of cheese.   Unless this was a big mistake.     For now, 3*s.    We are a 3 minute car ride away and plan to try another pie in the next couple of weeks.   If we find cheese, I will update my review.
This place serves everything I ever wanted in a pizza. Thin crust, awesome sauce and cheese! It reminds me of 18th avenue Brooklyn pizza but kinda better! Wow!
I love pizza. I grew up on homemade pizza (dough to sauce) and therefore I will confidently say I am a pizza snob with high pizza standards! Lol that aside I was pleasantly surprised at Johnny's quality and taste. This is a family owned and operated joint that still has grandma in the kitchen. A must stop for pizza lovers. Pros: Homemade. Authentic. Gem in Westchester. Cons: Chances are you are not getting in on a Friday or Saturday without a wait.
Outstanding, could possibly be the best pizza in N.Y. or close to the top.  Consistent and delicious!!
This place might not be Di Fara's of Brooklyn, but it certainly is the best pizza in Westchester. It beats Frank Pepe's hands-down. With great sports memorabilia (mostly Yankees) surrounding the walls, friendly staff, and an amazing thin crust pie, this is a stop you won't want to miss.
Best Pizza in Westchester for sure.Kids and I do pizza road trips and if you do not want to deal with NYC (parking traffic etc) ..This is the place..Thin crust slighty charred not cheesy.A must to eat before it cools.Coals in Port Chester is great for grilled pizza.
Old school pizzeria in the middle of a sketchy neighborhood. Bring some cash and an empty stomach. Crispy crust, tasty sauce(gravy) whatever the hell they call it! I call it, "good as hell!"
70 years open and I only just made it here today! Large original pie for lunch- very thin crust, well done, and a tangy sauce. No frills joint. You can appreciate the history and I now understand the love for it.
This is the best thin crust pizza in Westchester, and maybe the best overall pie in the county. Perfect amount of cheese, generous amounts of sauce, and a cracker thin crust that was crunchy without being burnt. Absolute perfection in an old-school sense. Very similar to a throwback 1970's bar pie.  Brought back memories of sitting with dad at the local tavern on a sunny afternoon, blowing off elementary school, eating pizza while Dad had a few. A slight compliant would be how half a pie didn't fill me up, but I plow through pizza like a ninja turtle, so don't go by me. Bottom line is, pizza geeks will love this place, a definite must visit. Add a star if extremely thin pizza is your fave. With the accolades out of the way, I'm gong to take a couple of paragraphs to dispel some Yelp myths about  this place. 1) "The parking is terrible." Okay, the lot is small. Its a lot bigger than the lots at Grimaldis, DiFara's, and Patsys, however. Yes, that was an internet trick. Those places have no lots. If you have been driving in the New York metro area for any extended period of time you have no doubt acquired the ability to park your vehicle on the street.  I suggest you use that invaluable skill. It's in a slightly urban area where you might need to walk a block or two. The pizza is worth it. If parking is your primary requirement when eating pizza, then visit your local Pizza Hut. 2)"The staff is crabby." This is a neighborhood pizza joint, not Per Se or Le Beck Finn. If you are the type of person that needs your ass kissed when ordering 14 dollars worth of food, you have bigger problems than "rude" service at a pizza place. Try going to Burger King and ordering 14 dollars worth of food, and register shock and surprise when you aren't treated like the royalty that the name suggests. Incidentally, the waitress I had on my visit was incredibly friendly, helpful, attentive, and had a 1000 watt smile,. If you have issues ordering food from people, please don't take them out on this institution. You wan't to see "crabby," try going to a Cuban place in a Che Guevara T- shirt. Or ordering from a kosher deli forgetting to take off your charlie chaplain costume.
A family style pizzeria with regulars coming in and out. The first thing you see when you enter is a sign reading "NO SLICES". This pizzeria serves the thinnest, thin crust pizzas ever. Paper thin but filled with sauced up goodness. Quick and easy service. Johnny's is a must for pizza!
I visited this nearly historic pizza place a second time and again was impressed by some of it's peculiarities. No, they still do not accept credit cards, yes, it is still almost invisible from the street tucked off to the side of a gas station and the slightly grumpy but also sweet grandmotherly hostess was still taking the orders. The pizza was again amazingly thin and even though there was very little cheese, somehow, the ultra thin crust, fresh but sparse sauce and thin layer of quality cheese come together to make an excellent pizza.
I live in San Francisco when i travel home to New York, the first place i go from the airport is to Johnny's!  The pizza is the thinnest around.  There secrete is they use thinly sliced cheese which goes on first, sauces goes over the cheese and then a little bit of olive oil.  for any true pizza lover this is the place to try. No Slices, no credit or checks. I can eat a whole small pie myself because its so thin.
I did not go here. My friends Chris and Puma arrived late night to a wedding weekend and brought 3 pies with them. #bestfriendsever. Me: "This is the best non cheese pizza I've ever eaten. There's no cheese, yet it tastes so cheesy." My friend Chris: "Stephy, that's a cheese pizza. That's how amazing this joint it, the combo of ingredients are perfect." Then, my friend Chris tells me a story. Now Chris is a foodie. The dude will travel near and far for good food. It also runs in his blood. His sister owns a pizzeria in Southern CT (Bufalina, peep it: yelp.com/biz/bufalina-gu…) after living on a pizza farm in Italy for years (or something like that) and has written a whole cookbook/bible on cheese and in college Chris would tell us stories of the deli he worked at for like 4 years with home made roasted red peppers and sandwiches the size of your face'; long story short, Chris knows food. At the deli in Southern CT he worked at, the bread guy talked of this pizza spot in Mt. Vernon as the best pizza in NY. One day after high school (this is now 13-14 years ago), Chris and his friends drove up, and that is why I'm writing this review. It was that good that Chris and Puma continually go and have decided to share it with me and the rest of my posse. Such a simple, thin crust pie, but absolute perfection. The type of slice you fold over and eat, and every bite is perfect. None of this fancy schmany stuff with a soggy middle and burnt crusts and not a greasy $1 slice; this is NY pizza at it's finest. Go. If you ever happen to be in the 'hood, stop, pick up a few pies and bring them where ever you're going. Not only do they taste good fresh, but a few hours later reheated, or even in the morning, heaven.
Yelp once again you have not let me down. Traveled to MT Vernon yesterday for business and as per yelp ate here. Loved it! Great pizza. Place was packed for lunch. They have been open for 70 years. We easily took down a large (2 people). Salad looked amazing....should have got some. No slices No credit cards
We went to this place during a snow storm and of course there was no wait and our waitress was attentive and excellent.  We ordered a large pie with pepperoni and a side of mozzarella sticks and calamari for the kids.  I had heard of the place from colleagues who had grown either in or around mount Vernon.   All said it was one of the best.  The pizza had a really thin crust, perfect amount of sauce and cheese and they didn't over do the pepperoni.  I know some people want that sucker completely covered, but not me.  Anyway, the pizza was really good.  It did not blow me away, but it was yummy.  I guess when you've had the best at Santarpios in east boston it is hard to beat.  Our bill came out to about $50 after what we ordered plus 4 cans of soda.  Cash only.  Closed Sundays and Mondays.  Good eats.  Would come again.
This is it folks.... The climatic slice of pizza. I do not mess around when it comes to pizza and this place is paramount for me. It is family owned and operated. Dont go their for vip treatment from the staff, go there to eat the best slice of pizza you will ever have. The food is very good next to pizzeria dishes. Nice large salads etc.. WARNING!!! You will become addicted.
Top 5 pizzeria in USA in my humble opinion. As described in other reviews - very thin, but nice crust - not like a cracker...   they put a little gravy on top of the cheese...  it's great. Interesting note is that this is not a brick or coal etc oven - it's a regular old pizza oven like a slice place.     I would call this a must try for pizza lovers.   Other menu items are decent, but just get 2 pizzas.  PS cash only but there's an ATM at the gas station next door...  parking is very limited.  and they are on the edge of a dicey hood
Delicious. One of the best pizza's I've ever had.  The crust is super thin, they do cheese first then sauce ontop, the texture was strange to me at first ( never had a slice like that)  They do not sell slices, you have to buy a pie (small or large.)     Me and my 2 friends usually get 2 large pies. ....Oh and the salads are amazing too.
Not much to add here, most of the reviews agree with my experience. Super thin crust pizza (but not too burnt which often happens) with the sauce on top of the cheese. Sauce is not too sweet. Service was fine, not great, but not bad. No slices which is fine, though I wish they had a personal pan pizza. But to be honest, the crust is so thin I was able to eat a whole small pie myself pretty easily and $12 was a pretty good deal. Between this place and the nearby Lincoln Lounge Mount Vernon should be considered a pizza mecca.
The truly great places always take a little extra work. The neighborhood is shakey.  Parking is virtually non-existent.  Payment is by cash only.  No slices. Totally worth it.  The best pizza I have ever eaten and I'm a fat guy.
I come from New Haven, I have very high pizza standards. I have always been a Sallys fan, but I live in a town where Frank Pepe's pizza has an outlet. I had only recently heard of Johnnies, but it seemed like I would really enjoy it. I did. Compared to two New Haven stalwarts, I give Johnnies a full step above Pepes and right on the same step as Sallys. On non-Pizza issue, it is much better than both Pepes and Sallys. Clean. Last year I went to Sallys for the first time in years, and it was pretty gross, like the place needed a real cleaning. The Pizza was tops however, Johnnies was clean, bathrooms freshly painted and cleaned daily!!! WOW!!  When the waitress asked us if we wanted cheese and pepper, she brought it out quickly and not in little containers either (Pepes in New Haven.) Their service was a nice surprise. Pizza wise, Johnnies sauce is the best I ever had, and I have had many. It is bright tomato red, not blood red. It has a little spice in  it, but it does not cover the taste of the tomatoes. The cheese was there, but not too much, sliced thin as can be and the crust was very very thin, the thinnest you can expect without losing flavor, however,  Sallys crust gets my nod,  by a little. I ordered a plain pizza and my wife got the eggplant, and she said it was the best eggplant pie she ever had, the eggplant was not too greasy or burnt and it was sliced very very thin. The prices are very reasonable, large pie, 14 U.S. $ +tax. I ordered some gelato (try that at either Sallys or Pepes) and it was excellent, real Gelato (not just in name, I could taste the half and half)!!! If I lived closer, I would probably live in the place, it is too good. The waitress we had was nice enough and came to the table enough times without interrupting us. Johnnies is unique in great pizza, they use a plain old gas oven, but they sure have a pizza I would drive 105 miles one way for!!!
Went here after reading blog where it was rated #1 pizza in the NY area. We got a large cheese pie.  The crust was very thin and they are very generous with the sauce .  The sauce had a little spice to it and maybe too much oregano-- not sure, but it was a tasty sauce. The problem was the pie was way too greasy.  Dripping oil.  Much too much.  Too thin/tasteless crust for me. Might be #1 for some, but I'll keep searching..
Johnny's is what you remember a pizzeria to be when you were a kid, but still delivers. It's a plain, unassuming storefront in Mount Vernon with very tight parking.  We had some perfectly good wine by the glass.  We had a classic mixed salad, dressed with oil and vinegar.  The fried ravioli was excellent, as was the accompanying marinara sauce.  This makes us want to try dishes other than pizza.  The pizza was excellent. Thin crusted, excellent char.  The sauce was very good.  We got  a sausage pie and a plain pie.  One could argue that they could be a bit more generous with the toppings.  Some pizza aficionados believe that too much toppings upset the pizza's feng shui.   IMHO, Johnny's, Sal's and Frank Pepe are the class of Westchester pizza.   I'll definitely be back.
Best pizza in Westchester, hands down.  Ill leave it at that.
Johnny's Pizza is my favorite pizza of ALL time.   Being a New Yorker, I've had many good slices of pizza but Johnny's is the best hands down.  It is thin crust pizza at its best.   My advice would be to eat there not take out.  Plain pie and house salad for two is the way to go.  They only take cash and are closed Sundays & Mondays.  YOU WILL NO BE DISSAPOINTED!
Hands down and consistently  the best pizza in the NY metropolitan area! In my opinion this is what NY pizza should be like.  Growing up in the Bronx, my father was an unofficial pizza aficionado of pizza. He would travel great distance for a good pie.  Who knew that right under our noses was one of the BEST pizza in the world.  It wasn't until I met my husband (he grew up in the area) did we discover this gem of a pizzeria.  The pizza is perfect cooked and the thin crust is utterly superb.  The cheese to sauce ratio is spot on and all of the ingredients are fresh and homemade.  Also suggest the tossed salad, awesome dressing and a great accompaniment to pizza. Also according to my daughter they have absolutely the BEST ziti and butter and that's coming from a pasta and butter expert. Bring cash as it's cash only and parking can be rough but you can generally get parking around the corner on the street. Do walk run to Johnny's!
It does not get any better than Johnny's pizza in Westchester.  Thin Crust deliciousness made fresh to order no slices only pies its been here for years and I hope it stays for many more to come! Remember to bring cash because they don't take cards!
Johnny's pizza is simply put "the best Pizza" I have ever had and I've had just about  every slice of pizza in the Bronx. I still come up to Johnny's for a pie because to me simply put it is the best there is! There's reason that they don't sell by the slice. It's because you can't just eat one slice.
Love their thin crust pizza!
Simply the best Pizza in New York.
To put it simply, one of the best pizzas in NY.   Now for a little more detail; I came here the other day because it gets some really great reviews for the pizza (less so for the service) and one very knowledgeable person called it to best pizzeria there is.  It was on my way home, so I figured what the hell, how hard can getting to it be?  So I ordered takeout ahead, there was a 20 minute wait (perfect), and my dad and I got on our way.  On the way there we hit significant traffic, got delayed by trucks blocking intersections, made a wrong turn from the directions we got (NOT my directions), and nearly tore each others heads off.  When we called for directions the grandfmotherly hostess (sounded like a young girl on the phone) was actually very nice and helpful, even though we didn't know where the hell we were and even hung up on her at one point, as we were gonna say fuck it.  We finally figured out the wrong turn we were given (wasn't helped by the street sign being twisted), and got to it.  While it doesn't stand out that much, Johnny's is far from hiddena nd pretty easy to find if you're looking for it.  The place is basically a tavern, with lots of wood paneling and pictures typical of what you'd see in an old school Italian pizzeria.   I was afraid the pizza would be cold by the time we got there, but it was very hot (they may have sold ours and made another).  As a bonus, it was also only $14 for a large regular.  In the car, I opened up that bad boy it looked fantastic, with patches of the sauce and mozzarella breaking through, and nice black blistering on the crust (leopard spotting underneath).  It reminded me a lot of Patsy's in that the crust was excellent, perhaps the best I've had.  It was nice and airy with a good amount of chew, and a sweet smokiness that only a few places achieve anymore (Di Fara, Patsy's, etc.).  The thinness of the crust was fantastic given that it still retained a doughiness (it also held up well), and the outer rim was addictive.  The sauce was perfect for the pie; not overspiced, not underspiced.  The only down part was the cheese, which was basic processed mozzarella, which worked just fine but could've been much better if I had gotten fresh (not sure if they have it).   Regardless, as a whole this thing was a work of art, and I could've easily a whole one myself.  I will be going back, as this is one of the best I've had and I want one now.  Maybe not technically the best pizza, but as far as addictive-ness goes, few places can compete.
Johnny's has been in Mt. Vernon for an incredible 70 years! I have been shlepping there from Astoria, Queens for almost 30 years. Forget about "famous" NYC pizza. Trust me, Johnny's is the finest thin-crust pizza you will ever eat.
Johnny's Pizzeria is my favorite pizzeria ever and I consider myself a pizza expert having lived and worked all over the tri-state NY Metro area. I have tried pizza in many states and all the greats in NY and the tri-state including the famous old wood fired stove places up in Connecticut and in Brooklyn and I honestly love Johnny's best. Johnny's has a thin crust and a tasty sauce. It's a nice light pizza that you can stuff your face with and not feel devastated from a salt or cheese overdose like the typical pizza place that you run in to. They will only put a maximum of three toppings so that it doesn't turn in to a soggy mess.
Great pizza, made in the style of Patsy's, in Harlem. Think they might be Yankee fans, not sure why.
(written by my 9 year old daughter olivia) i like johnnys. the service isnt that nice. the pizza is good i like the ravioli.
Yes, the pizza is delicious, however, the nasty attitudes of the "family" members leave a lot to be desired.  Personally, I've gotten tired of spending my money there when they can't even be courteous.  On top of that, the parking is horrendous and they no longer do "half toppings" on their pizza (i.e., a pie with half pepperoni).  I just don't get that.  I also think the salads are way overpriced. FYI, cash only and no slices.
Smile and you get extra cheese
Best pizza in Westchester!!!... Better than Frank Pepes, Polpettinas, and Sal's. It's up there with the best heavy weights of Manhattan and Brooklyn (Grimaldis, Lombardis, Patsy's, and Luzzos). Although the atmosphere is out dated and tacky like an old sports bar from the 70s, it makes up for it because the pizza is absolute perfection!!!!! Flaky thin crust, perfect amount of cheese, and the best tasting sauce anywhere!!!!!
Outstanding pizza - often referred to as the best in Westchester.  I concur.  Ask for extra cheese though as they do skimp a bit.
Really good pizza here.  One of my local favorites. Feels like you're trapped in the 80's when you walk in.  The plain, sausage, and pepperoni pies are all great. Very similar style pizza to Johns on Bleecker & Lombardi's. TIP - they ONLY take cash, and they don't sell by the slice.
This has to be one of the best New York pizzas I've ever had.  If that isn't good enough, they served us a special of prosciutto and mozzarella for appetizer and they've got real multiple generations of an Italian-American family running the show! Definitely check it out!  I will be back.
Norman R, you're right on the mark. Johnny's caters to the masochistic diners, those who like to sit elbow to elbow with their fellow diners while vulturously hungry patrons watch you eat, waiting for you to leave. The pie was okay, but isn't worth the trouble. There's better to be had in so many other places in Westchester. One trip was enough. I wouldn't go back and I most certainly wouldn't recommend them.
I did not like this pizza, too spicy for me. I like more classic one that I tasted in Italy
This is one of my family's favorite places but I'm not a huge fan.  It's good thin crust pizza but I don't think it's worth driving out of your way for it.  It is almost incomprehensible how thin this pizza is. NO SLICES OF COURSE! Whole pies only. They're so thin that one person could probably eat 3/4ths of a pie easily. The antipasto is pretty average. The service is pretty good. This is the epitome of a 3 star worthy place in my book.
If you Love Piazza or Even just like it you must make a journey here. This Place is an institution of Piazza. So What No Slices. So What No Credit Cards. So What  waitress Have Bad Attitudes. That's Right the Piazza Trumps all of that sometimes when something is this good nothing else matters. My advise is this go to Johnny's order a plain pie, a House salad and a Pepsi and then come back to Yelp and Write a Review.
This is the absolute best pizza in the world.  I have eaten pizza all across this country and in other countries, and, at least in the United States, this is the BEST.  It's very simple--dough, sauce, cheese.  Only have the cheese--you'll defile the pizza otherwise.  The sauce is so tasty, you'll find yourself holding a slice in you mouth and slowly letting it trickle between your tongue and palate, and letting it go down your throat.  After that, you'll finish with a few chews, and let the cheese/sauce/dough mixture chase everything back down.  Everything is absolutely fresh, and somehow they manage to do it perfectly every time.  They cook it so hot, that the crust often has "crispies" as my wife calls it, which adds some carbon to the flavor, but the sauce does not taste burnt at all.  You'll never have a variable pizza--it's the same excellent pizza every time.  Other dishes in this place are quite good, but the pizza is on the pedestal.  It's not pricey at all, the service is straightforward, and every time we fly into New York, we hit this place once or twice--most of the time, the moment we arrive from the airport, we drive straight there, calling in our order just beforehand. If you are in the Westchester County area, you MUST have this pizza.
Purpose of visit: weekend dinner for the family. Place is tiny with no parking. It is a bit difficult to pick up. It is him crust pizza with a sweet sauce. Crust is very thin and nicely crunched. Sauce is very robust a bit on the sweet side. One of the better pizza places in the area.
Comming for 32 years (whole life) - hands down best pizza anywhere - crispy semi burnt crust , cheese first then sauce on top!  Don't get all freaky asking for tomatoes onions and all that crazy stuff on it - keep it simple  !    Cheers Johnny!
As a loyal Sal's Pizza fan in Mamaroneck for over 30 years, a friend took me to Johnny's in Mt. Vernon. Sal's is great if you like lots of great crust and cheese. However, hands down, Johnny's delivers the perfect pizza. The crust is thin, yet firm. It is cooked with just the right crispness, and topped with tomato sauce you can taste with just the right amount of cheese. My friend introduced me to the whole family who oversees everything, from the cooking of the pizza, dad, their son in the kitchen with the great menu of Italian dishes, and mom and daughter, serving up the food. Lunch crowd made for a hopping place. We devoured two small pies and didn't feel like we had too much. And there's a reason they don't sell it by the slice. You'd want more. Like thinking you will have only 1 potato chip. Pizza perfection!
This place is great. Small and almost all of the time there is a wait. You need one pie per person, pizza is thin, tasty, but light. Seriously an average person can eat one of "their" pies alone. The place can get pricey after pizza, salads, and sodas (sold in the can). They only take cash ,parking is tight, but you need to try this pizza, it is definitely not ordinary pizza but it is definitely extraordinary. I have to say this is my favorite pizza of all time, I've tried many places this is the best.
One of the best pizza places in Westchester. You can't order one slice but it doesn't matter because the pizza is so good you could polish off a pie all by yourself.
If you love a tasty, thin crust pie - this is the place for you! I, personally, like a thicker crust - but, this pie is darn tasty nonetheless. One person could eat one pie, maybe even two!  My family (Mom, Dad, Aunt, Uncle, Cousins), ex-Pelham/Mt.Vernon natives, will drive all the way from rural Connecticut to gorge themselves on this pie. They also take 10 home, which are prepared for them to freeze, so they don't HAVE to drive all the way to Mt. Vernon when the next craving hits. A nice little place and the pie is yummy - my folks would give it 5 stars.
Johnny's is the best pizza I've had in Westchester. There's really nothing else positive I can say about the place. Paper thin crust, not excessive cheese, the sauce is not perfect, slightly over spiced, buts it's pretty damn good. I like their pie to stay with pepperoni. Don't get it to go; it's cold in five minutes and turns to moosh in the box. Yes so I highly recommend their pizza. Down sides: Parking is nearly non-existent, the pizza is over-priced, the service is grouchy and slovenly, and the rest of their food is not very good. It's worth it though:)
Truly, the best pizza ever.  I don't care so much about the service, since that's not what I go there expecting.  The interesting thing is that none of the workers (owners, pizza makers, etc. EVER smile - I mean NEVER (with the exception of the waitresses).  It's hot in the summer and cold in the winter, but who cares - what a pizza it is!
