Favorite sushi spot outside the city! And I love that it's so close to my house :) Great fresh fish and very clean place. Even delivery is fast and I love the old delivery guy very sweet !
Very good sushi, fast, nice delivery guys, great prices especially at lunch. I'm there most days :)
Does this place really exist in Yonkers??? Once you walk in, the foyer immediately transports you into the new millennium, only to step in further, and you're in NYC! The glitz solidified the 4 stars. I'm so tired of eating at blonde wood tables surrounded by bamboo trees and Buddhas. Besides the posh leather booths and trendy lounge lights, they have a full-stocked bar. I could see this place being the jump-off spot. I loved the linen napkin to place on my lap. I also loved the actual hot washcloth in a serving plate with tongs. This is class. Charging a $1 for my hot green tea isn't, but it was also nice to not see the fast food Kikkoman soy sauce bottles on the table. Soy sauce is in white ceramic spouted pots instead. Even the placemat is beautiful. I started with the Shrimp Shumai, followed by the special roll of the month: the April Roll, of course. Lobster, Avocado Tempura and Spicy Kani (Crabmeat) on the inside, with a Tuna and Mango outside. What?! I wanted another!!!! They told me the roll will continue to stay available even after the month ends. If you don't see it on the menu, you can just ask for it. Hesitant to try this place for months, I'm kicking myself in the ass for not coming sooner. Next time, I'm coming back with a crew...
I am a frequent customer of tomo usually I order out. Today I ordered vegetable hibachi which I thought was spoiled & a little sour at first but I stupidly ate it as I was very hungry, now I'm suffering & realized it really was spoiled. I called to tell the manager who didn't even say sorry only that I can geta free vegetable hibachi the next time! I wouldn't eat it again whether or not it's free.
I love the interior of this place. It's a casual sushi place right in Yonkers, but it definitely feels trendy and a little special. The menu has a lot of options and they often have specials which are fun to try. Only complaint would be about the service- both delivery and wait service could be better. They are really meticulous about preparing food abiding by your food allergies though. Must give hats off to that; my sister is gluten sensitive and prefers this place because she's never gotten sick from cross-contamination. It's a teeny bit pricey for quality of food... but one item that I would highly recommend is the cilantro salmon; simply fresh and delicious.
I love this place and I love sushi. Good and Quick Service. Prices are very economical  for both food and drinks. Super kid friendly environment. And you have to try the YONKERS SUSHI ROLL $13.00 . It's pricy but it's so worth it. It's a party in your mouth.
Great good, fast service and very intimate. This is a perfect spot for a date night. I've been here a few times and I never had to wait.
Food was great Drinks was great Service was great Only drawback is that they dont have a full bar Everything else is on point Going back soon
I was wary of going to this place because of the location but I'm glad I decided to check it out anyways. The food was good. The sushi, sashimi and maki rolls were fresh and very tasty. The staff was really nice and attentive. I would recommend the salmon avocado and spicy tuna rolls - delish!!!
Had another great meal at Tomo tonight. A nice turn of events, considering our earlier attempt at dinner.  Godzilla Roll was great.  Wish they used real crab meat instead of imitation but because it's fried, it doesn't do any harm. I love that they have a brown rice option for your maki. Don't be alarmed by the deep color of the brown rice. It still a nice alternative to white and tastes just as good. They offer a nice variety of sakes and hubby and I always love to pop in for an impromptu meal. Doesn't hurt that they're not too far from the homestead but on the weekends, make a reservation because they get PACKED and the front area is too small for all the people they usually have waiting in the wings for a table. After having such terrible experiences at my former favorite sushi spot, East Harbor, I was elated to have been told to try Tomo. It has become a staple for Japanese cuisine in the area for my family.
I love Asian fusion .. This place is a 5 minute drive from my place.. I come here often.. Their sushi & rolls are tasty and presentation looks excellent.. Excellent drinks as well . Prices varies but affordable especially with their lunch special.. Kids friendly.. A place for Family. Nice ambience .. Good service. Good Food! The only thing if you don't check this place you would think it's not a good place to dine due to neighboring stores.. But.. Just park on the side beside the park.. The street is always crowded but safe to park.
Really really good, and extra good because of the location.   Very fresh and a lot of choices.  I think they have salmon don which is my favorite since its just a surplus of salmon sushimi.  They're also extremely nice.  I'm not sure how busy it is, but i'm sure people are wary of it due to its location.  DON'T BE!  It is so good, better than places in 'classier' areas.  It's not even that the area isn't classy, it's that all the other restaurants and stores around it are awful.   Really great quality, good prices and consistently awesome.
I had the combination sushi: spicy salmon, California, and shrimp tempura. The sushi was so fresh and flavorful. The ambiance was really nice even though I took it to go. The waitstaff were warm and friendly. Would definitely return for dinner to take in the ambiance !
Tomo is awesome! friendly service, delicious and consistent food. I would go here every week if I could.
Eh. Sushi was good but not great. The decor was pretty cool though. My girlfriend and I felt pretty shity after we ate there so I'm taking 2 stars away. I'd eat there again if I lived in the neighborhood. ..but I dont. So I wont.
Been meaning to write a review for months. Kind of out of the way for me, but this is my favorite lunch spot. Great lunch specials and quick service. The staff is really friendly. Establishment has TV's, very clean bathroom and nice decor. Meter parking right next to establishment. (Tip: If your getting take-out, click on a small button on the meter to get 10 mins free parking.)
I've lived in this neighborhood for most of my life and I can honestly say that it's difficult to find a nice restaurant to sit down in for a nice meal. But Tomo was a pleasant surprise. It's like having a Manhattan sushi bar right next door. The decor is colorful with dim lighting and the staff is friendly and attentive. Pros: Warm hand towel before your meal Great menu with plenty of interesting options Shrimp tempura roll and spicy tuna rolls were among the best I've ever had Cons: Ademame starter was a little too heavy on the salt but still good Octopus sashimi was tough and chewy Cucumber and yellowtail rolls were straight-forward and unfortunately a little boring (cucumber, rice and nori: That's it? Yawn.) Rolls weren't well wrapped and kept falling apart. Kind of annoying. I'm curious to see what this place is like at night. It definitely looks like a nice local place to grab a drink and socialize, so I'll be back! And best of all, the meal was very reasonably priced.
Ugh so happy it's so local and right down the block from my house!  I was so excited when it opened since I love my Japanese food! The servers are really nice, the decor is pretty. Kid friendly as well with three different types of Japanese sodas. And it's fresher than Oshima's.  A bit more expensive but worth the price!  Try their hand rolls, extra crispy from the seaweed and full of fresh fish yum.   I liked it so much I went here two days in a row, and I might stop by again tomorrow.  They know me by now. So I tried the sashimi, it's super cold and its placed on shaved ice so it stays cold.  The hand rolls, I ordered one at first and then 2 more.  It comes out fast so it's the best that way.  Shrimp tempura is fluffy pieces of shrimp that's not greasy at all for being fried.  It also comes with tarot and eggplant, sweet potato tempura, and broccoli my niece's favorite of course.  The shumai are regular steamed.  The edamame is not over cooked and salted lightly.   We also ordered the udon, my niece likes plain udon so they sauteed it with garlic and this delicious sauce with it.  I'm really going to go broke from this place. Happy faces, and it opened a week ago, I went on Friday and it was totally packed!  Also they deliver for a minimum of $10 which is awesome. And bathrooms are pretty and clean with a cool sink...at least in the girls room. A+ for me! I'm so happy!!
Cool and Modern Design, Clean and of course  good sushi.
This review is based on their take out...I have not eaten inside yet. Although, when I did go inside to pick up my lunch, the restaurant looked so modern and chic, something that's not typically seen on McLean Avenue amongst all the Irish bars and restaurants so it was refreshing to see.   I ordered two lunch special rolls (between 12-3pm): Salmon roll and eel/avocado roll.  Very fresh with each bite, great taste also.  I didn't actually get to eat it for a few hours and expected it to be soggy but it kept it freshness.  Lunch special came with a miso soup and a garden salad with that delicioussss ginger dressing.  Who came up with that stuff?!?! =)  I wasn't aware that it came with those additional sides so I ordered a seaweed salad, which again was fresh and flavorful, not too chewy either.  Sometimes, it can take a little to get down.  With all this it was only $13.01 with tax.  Oh yeah, and the quick service. I walked over there in 20 minutes and it was waiting for me. Pretty awesome if you ask me.  I will definitely be returning, especially since it's the only sushi place in Yonkers that has caught my attention.
I love Tomo! Eaten here a few times and the sushi is always fresh tempura always crisp never soggy or oily there lunch boxes for 8.95 cannot be beaten! Must try the fried ice cream it will change your life!!
I love this place. The decor is very upscale. The prices are very reasonable and the food is delicious. I have had sushi and stir fried dishes on different occasions and I was always satisfied. The wait staff are attentive and there is ample parking on the cross street.
One of my favorite, is to go to a place randomly and find a great new spot. This is one of them. I went there on a Thursday afternoon, the place was quiet and really give u the feeling that you are about to relax. I liked everything i ordered, from sushi to steak, it was all great. The waiter was very nice with a lot of patient. i highly recommend the place.
Ordered Lunch Special for a Delivery. 2 rolls and salmon teriyaki for $15.25...i wasnt expecting anything else.... after 30 minutes, the man was at my door and very polite with a smile. My food was consist of 2 salads, 2 soups, a salmon teriyaki bento box and 2 sushi rolls...OMG!!! Im so full, I had to put the salads and sushi rolls in the fridge for later. Good food, good price,good people......=)))
Service is very good, food is excellent and price not bad. Going back to the food it was absolutely great. (Mango sauce a must)
Really love tomo - great food and great place- but just ordered delivery- 2 entres which used to come with soup and salad- the food arrived with only one of each- when i called tomo said that they changed the menu to soup OR salad-leaves me thinking not to order from tomo again-shady and stingy of them
Was kind of wary when I noticed this restaurant was on McLean Ave (not really an ideal place for sushi) but the food and service were both excellent.
Very good sushi, nice ambience, and good service. Wouldn't say it's the best, but I also have very high standards for the sushi I eat. We also order delivery from here all of the time and I'm amazed by their quickness. They also have good lunch specials and are very reasonably priced for Japanese food. Definitely a surprise gem in its area.
I tried other similar restaurants, but I always favor Tomo for their authentic and great tasting sushi!
Sushi is fresh, the place looks nice & clean.  Had duck spring rolls, & various rolls from basic salmon avocado to the chef's special. For dessert I had the friend banana w. bean ice cream which was sooooo good. It's nice to have a sushi spot nearby instead of having to go to Manhattan. Note: the place looks a bit empty w. about 5 parties seated but that's because almost everyone takes-out. About 8 ppl did that while I was there. The waitress were nice.
The sushi and sashimi is fresh and fantastic with attention to presentation.  The restaurant is trendy and lovely.  The staff is very good too.  I am really happy that something has come to this location too, because there is really not much there or around.  This place could actually survive in Manhattan.  The prices are fine for what it is.  I hope that it will stay.
Very clean and quiet!
Like the sushi and the presentation of the restaurant. The habachi courses need more flavor. I was not a fan of the calamari since there is more lettuce served than actual calamari. I do like the friendliness of your staff.  3 stars for now.
I LOVE this spot! Every time I come, everything on the menu is FRESH! the staff is super nice & the prices are so reasonable.  The restaurant has a nice atmosphere.  The only thing I would change aesthetically are the photographs used in their decor...LoL.
The decor is really nice, doesnt remind me of nothing japan/asia but its modern. We came here primarily to eat sushi and the sushi was below par for me. Im used to going to haiku and I guess I compared them to this place. 10 out of 10 id pick haiku, although the people i went with got regular chinese style food, that was delicious.
I've eaten here 10+ times over the last 3 months and I would recommend it to anyone. Sushi is fresh and fast, staff is extremely courteous and prices are very reasonable. PLUS they deliver to my house in the Wakefield section of the Bronx. Can't beat that!
Food is good for a local sushi takeout.  Placed orders on seamless on 4 occasions and was called by Tomo staff to let me know they dont have that item.  And when choosing new item was told i would need to pay extra after having already payed through seamless.  Very disappointed to be nickel & dimed by a restaurant that i would order from at least twice a month.
Definitely wasn't too pricey, the food was good and so was the service.
awesome and cheap!
SO GOOD! I was very surprised, I did not think it would be that good. Definitely the best sushi place in the area and one of the best I have ever tried. The fish is extremely fresh and the presentation is very cute.
Excellent sushi and atmosphere. I hope they keep their food fresh and don't go downhill, because there is no other place like it, here in Yonkers.
place sucks
