My last review turned out to be a "tip" so I'll post again. My husband raves about their clams casino. He says they are the best he has ever had - I must agree. We eat here quite regularly and have had numerous family events in their catering hall upstairs and the wine room downstairs. We have never been disappointed. The food is fresh and delicious in perfect portions. The staff makes you feel like part of the family. And free parking in the Post Office parking lot not even a block away.
I didn't give Silvio's 5 stars only because I ordered about 3x so I wouldn't say I'm such an expert on this place but so far, it's a real gem in Yonkers. Incredibly delicious Penne Alla Vodka w/ Grilled Chicken. They're certainly not cheap with the meat and the sauce isn't overwhelmingly greasy like other Alla Vodka dishes. The staff is really accommodating. Everyone there talks to you like they've known you for years. Truly a great spot on South Broadway
I had a chicken parm hero here twice and it was very good each time, and they were very friendly..
Love this place. The food is always great. Great family atmosphere. They guy who takes your order over the phone sounds awesome and all ways compliments you.
Best Italian food in South Yonkers Always great service Delivery is always on time AND Fresh and Hot as if you were dining at restaurant. Try their  Stromboli's or Fantastic Dinners I personally recommend the Pasta Faggioll-Just like Momma made!!              CIAO YAHNKERRZ!!
Terrific food, excellent service and reasonably priced.  Always a good home cooked meal.  You can't miss at Silvios.
I just ordered delivery. Who ever took my order is deff someone i would like answering my telephone at my restaurant (i own 2 businesses) delivery took a while but it was definitely worth the wait. The food is really fresh & amazing. 2 thumbs up
Terrible ! First time I ordered and I live 7 minutes away and 1 large pizza and chicken fingers took over an hour when I was told 30 minutes . Pizza was soggy and doughy and chicken fingers looked like they bought a large bag of cheap chicken from cosco and fried them , very pricey not worth my 25 bucks and the owner was rude when I complained about the mushy raw pizza !!! Won't buy there ever again !!!
Great food and great service, this place has best Alfredo you will taste anywhere.  Anyone that goes to eat here has to order the chicken Alfredo with fettuccine.  The whole menu is great and the portions are plentiful.
Excellent food. Had the cold antipasto and chicken parmigiana. Both were the way they were supposed to be. Real Italian food at its best. And the family atmosphere makes you feel like you've been there dozens of times.
You got it!! This is some of the best customer service and fastest delivery. Food is always good and fresh. You can never go wrong from a slice to a full plated meal.
I've been eating here for over 25 years.  Always great food, great value, great people.  You're welcomed and treated like family.  One of our all-time favorites.
I love going to Silvio's !!!  The food is always fantastic, the service has always been very good .  A very comfortable atmosphere , & prices are very reasonable.                    I have my family events & home parties catered by Silvio also !!!
Great lunch special: soup or salad with pasta only 7.95. Really? Get out of town! Their lunch special Gnocchi bologonese is delicious. Sure the place is a teeny bit dingy, but the food was solid. Customer parking available a block away.
Silvio's is on speed dial for whenever we're craving pizza, and they cook a double cheese, well-done pizza to perfection. I'm also a big fan of their chicken parmigiana, though the pasta they send along with it tends to be a little overcooked for my liking. Overall, though, Silvio's is consistently good.
Wow - what a find.  Having eaten their pizza as a take-out staple for a few months [about the best there is] I decided to see what was going on in Anthony and wife's  dining room.  I am so glad we did.   It was a quiet Sunday night in the dining room, but pizza was flying out, as usual, from the pizzeria side and there was a large party upstairs.  The menu looked pretty standard but in a good, traditional sort of way.  The same could be said of the decor. The two women working the dining room were lovely - friendly, warm and smiling.  After telling us the specials, our eyes caught the Tuscan White Bean soup.  I asked if it was homemade - the answer, yes, of course.  We ordered it and were blown away - delicious!  The rest of the meal, garlic cheesy bread, some appetizers and two chicken specials did not disappoint.  Add to that a fairly-priced wine list and convenient parking across the street and you have a real find.   I am almost afraid to rave about Silvio's because I don't want it to change!  Seriously though, do yourself a favor when you want good, homemade, traditional, un-affected Italian food and you'll see, they deserve all five stars.
I decided to try this place b/c of the reviews and was not happy and a little grossed out.  I went there this past Sat around 5pm. The food itself was mediocre.  The place dingy and not too clean.  I placed my order over the phone; they told me 20 minutes, it was really 45. The garlic knots were dried out (pretty much the worst I have ever had).  Chicken Parm was pretty good but the veal scallopini marsala was not, very watery and lacked flavor.   The thing that grossed me out was that the guy making the pizza (older, tall guy, with salt and pepper hair) handled the money and shook hands with customers and scratched his head with the same hands he was making pizza. - Come on now, there is a limit to things I am willing to over look!! I did notice a ton of take out orders so maybe people don't see these things.
Great Italian and they treat you like family - Anthony in the pizza shop is a real character!
