This place is a must go if you are a meat lover, recovering vegetarian, or simply starving. When your significant other is indecisive and you two have reached the point of starvation from each other's indecisiveness, Texas de Brazil is the perfect destination. There is a salad bar that has almost an infinite amount of quality food items hot and cold and the meat waiters are always excited to drop some meat on your plate, which is also infinite. Our waiters were great and kept our water glasses full (I drink a lot of water and it's a big pet peeve when I have to remind a waiter to keep up with demand, water is a human right) I didn't feel like they pushed additional items down our throats like some reviewers had mention. We had a bit of everything and finished with some desserts and dessert shots. The pecan pie was flavorful with a lot of pecan pieces, the Brazilian cheesecake was rich and intimidating, especially after all that food. I would suggest getting dessert to go as you may be full from your dinner. I could barely walk after dinner, I'm not even joking. It's totally worth the price and I will come back again.
The huge quantities of fairly yummy food may be worth the price, but the totally uneven service makes the experience pretty bad overall. Our server was surly, our kitchen-based side dishes arrived more than halfway through the meal, and it took 15 minutes for us to get the check and pay (for a prix fixe meal - we did not get anything else). The worst of it, though, is that although there were dozens of meat servers roaming the room, they rarely stopped for us (though our tokens were green). The table in front of us sometimes had 4 meat servers at the same time, and we had to flag down people and beg busboys to send meat over. We won't go back again, which is unfortunate.
Meat madness! I've been to a few churrascarias in the past, but this was definitely one of the nicer ones. From the moment we sat down, we were bombarded with a delightful array of grilled meats, including filet mignon, flank steak, pork loin, bacon wrapped chicken, sausage, you name it. Everything was cooked and seasoned perfectly and the frequency in which the servers arrived was astounding. At one point we got a new meat served every minute in rapid fire succession...bam, bam, bam. Complete gluttony. The salad bar seemed to be, well, a salad bar, and I wasn't particularly keen to waste precious stomach space on tomatoes. But I did note that they went out of their way to make it a special. On the night we went, they stocked it with 2 kinds of sushi, flavorful prosciutto and cheeses, good quality olives, and a host of salads, soups, and hot dishes. For those who aren't into the meat orgy, this seems to be a pretty good fallback plan. The place was tastefully decorated and I would say the ambiance is very steakhouseish, with a noise level that can only be described as insane. It was so loud I could barely hear people sitting next to me at the table. It's like airplane ride, meets Metallica concert, meets sporting event. Some noise cancelling headphones would have been nice. Service was friendly, though I could hardly understand the waiter whenever he stopped by. He was nice enough, refilling our drink every 2 seconds and relentlessly trying to make small talk between the meat servings. One thing I didn't care for was the way they pushed the drinks and the dessert. They offered us a pitcher of lemonade a few times and each time I said no thanks. Halfway through the meal, I went to take a leak and I come back and saw my wife gave in and got one. She thought it was free, but it turned out to be $18, a fact that was undisclosed by the waiter. Hey if you're going to not show the prices up front, and then charge something ridiculous like $18 for lemonade, you may as well charge $50. What can the customers do at that point? May as well shake us down good, if you're going to shake us down at all. That aside, the place was really quite good and I think I'd come back here for a steak fix before I'd go to a steakhouse, since you can sample all kinds of meats. Four stars.
The food was fantastic, the ambiance was beautiful and the service was exceptional. Our waiter andre was very attentive and made great food and drink suggestions. He even went out of his way to write "happy anniversary" on me and my wife's dessert plates with raspberry gel. Would recommend it to all my friends. Just make sure you go with a big appetite :)
Went there for my sons 10th birthday. Great food, awesome place, staff was very polite. It's been 3 days since and I am still full.
really really good place to go if you are a carnivore. they attack you with pieces of meat until you are so full you have to say NO (I've never thought I would say no to more meat). They have different cuts and they are all very tasty. The salad bar is very good too (good enough to satisfy my half vegetarian gf). The service is really good, although you would expect it, since the place is pricey. I always feel I'm not dressed well enough when I go there. Anyway, go there, eat all the meat you can stuff in your belly and don't think about the money for one night.
Great atmosphere, spacious, friendly, nicely decorated. Great place for groups (and kids) if you love meat and need an idea for a decent dinner. Great salad bar selection but more importantly, Impressive waitering service who will be able to get you the right meat temperature. Plus, it's right at the mall-take a nice walk after stuffing all that meat :)
Writing this review while waiting on the next choice of meat. Could have written a couple of reviews already...... It's a great Brazilian steakhouse...... if you have never been to another one... Otherwise you would never consider returning back..... The waiters who serv meat, at least those who served us, are not very pleasant and are extremely *rare*.... Most time you spend here enjoying the interior waiting..... for the meat.
Our go to place for holiday or celebratory meals.  So many yummy things to eat there.  Be careful to go easy on the salad bar, or at least wait until you've had a few rounds of the grilled meat.  As a gluten free person, I am in love with their gluten free rolls.  AMAZING little balls of gluten free goodness that the non gluten free peeps at the table can't keep their grubby little hands off!  Gosh, just writing this makes me want some now.
I came to understand once there that Texas de Brazil is a chain type of restaurant but it surely did not feel like that. We arrived without a reservation on. Saturday at 530pm and were told that the wait for our party of 6 would be an hour. This was fine with us as the two ladies wanted to go window shopping. The two younger brothers wanted to check out some sneakers and the old man and I were looking forward to a drink at the bar.   They provide you with a pager to carry within the restaurant but also ask for your cell phone number in case you want to walk around Richmond Hill. We actually only waited like 25 minutes. The service was stellar from the start. Everyone was extremely polite from the hostess, to our waiter, to all the meat servers walking around. The pitcher of Brazilian Sangria is the way to go. Plentiful for 3-4 people. Soooo tasty. It is a red wine sangria made with 4 shots of rum. Not too sweet not overwhelmingly strong in taste. All the meat selections were excellent. All served medium to medium well. I really enjoyed the Filet Mignon, the Flank Steak and Lamb Chops. The salad bar was decent as well, where I enjoyed Fresh Mozzarella, a variety of grilled vegetables and olives. Wish the had more olive choices though. Desserts were decent and presented nicely. Overall an enjoyable experience. Everyone have a good time. $357 for a party of 6 (inc'l a pitcher of Sangria and 2 desserts)
This place is great but don't go unless you are really hungry! You're going to want to eat everything and it's all so yummy. Beware, though.... the waiters really try to sell you everything. They even bring you samples of the mouthwatering desserts and cordials.
Love! I had been wanting to come to a place like this for ages...there is the same type of Brazilian steakhouse on Northern Blvd (a 5 min drive from me in Astoria) but the reviews sold me on taking the 30 min trip to Yonkers and I sure am glad we did! The place itself is gorgeous. The ridge hill mall area is also beautiful, I cant wait to bring my daughter and shop in the Spring. The service was great, and the food was amazing. I was not drinking, but would love to come back and try something off of their extensive beverage list (no joke, its a huge book!) the salad bar was great...I mean who doesn't love an all you can eat buffet that includes bacon?? the lobster bisque was no joke, the best I have ever tried. I'm craving it right now. The meat was delicious. The carvers came around so frequently we had to throw out our red card a few times! I would love to throw a party here, they have private sections for large private parties.  I signed up for their email club and received a $25.00 off coupon! Will definitely be going back and using this!
I love this Brazillian Steakhouse. The place is very comfortable the staff is great and the food is AWESOME! I have been here on multiple occasions with large and small groups. I love this restaurant and I am so happy they are opening a location in Manhattan WOOOOOOHOOOOOOO!!!! This is a meat eaters paradise and remember if there is a cut of meat that you would like all you have to do is ask. I kept them returning with the filet mignon and rack of lamb. This is my definition of Paradise on a plate.
I'm a huge fan of Texas de Brazil, I been to a few of their other locations and the service and quality of their food is always excellent. Since this is the one closest to me I been here a few times. I love their fresh, juicy, tender meats and especially that they cater to your temperature liking. Their salad bar is good but my fav item there is the lobster bisque. As far as drinks I love their extensive wine menu and the Brazilian sangria. Make sure to sign up for their rewards on their site since they will sent you a coupon every year for a free Bday dinner.
Pros: nice (though somewhat cheesy and unauthentic) atmosphere and great service. Cons: food quality does not match up to the price. I took my girlfriend here for a casual dinner and we had fun trying to different meats. Unfortunately, it seemed like everything was either too rare or too well done, and there wasn't too much variety in the flavors and tastes. The meat was good and it was definitely a great meal, but it's not worth it for $50 a person. The quality level really matches up with more like $25 to $30 a person. I'm sure there are better Brazilian options that have cooler, more authentic/fun atmospheres for a fairer price.
This was my second time going to a Brazilian steak house.  I was finally prepared.  I skipped lunch no salad bar.  I flipped my card over and I went at it. There are 3 distinctive things that made this night 5 star. 1 the person I went with did not finish the reservation process online, but even though they were full they sat us only after a very short wait. 2 the attention to customers continued as both our bar keep and our waiters took care notice to what we liked and expected very quickly and responded to it.  Lastly the Filipinos. It was dreamy and I topped it off with flan.  The most delicious flan I have had in my lifetime.
A bit expensive, but unbelievably good! The staff was beyond friendly ,they were excellent! Second time I've had Brazilian barbecue, both times memorable. Would have given it five stars, but hell, every one can improve.
3 out of 5 stars because I really do enjoy their food but they are quite expensive and some reviews have turned me off a bit. I have been to this place twice. Once for just a regular day of eating somewhere different and the second time was last year for my 27th birthday. First of all, last year I received a "buy one get one free" dinner meal and it was a great deal! I loved it. Paid under $60 because of my free plate. It was reasonable and I was a happy camper with a bloated tummy!! So worth it. This year seems quite disappointing. I am sure they are making tons of business since they do have a lot of restaurants in different areas...but this year the birthday gift is $25 off a meal which will this time make it roughly $85 total for 2 people since it's $50 per person. I deleted the email because I don't think I am going to go this year...I did print it out...I am just not sure yet. I read a review on the manager and was a bit disappointed. I agree with a lot of people that you have to be starving to go here because it literally is a lot of food to consume! Their meats are fascinating but my favorite part is the cheese bread. So delicious! I am pregnant and just the thought of their cheese bread makes me want to actually use the coupon this year.  I am still hesitant on whether to make a reservation and use the $25 off a meal gift certificate.
Still 5 stars for me! We came with friends for the fall HVRW and we were not disappointed. Everything was just as good as last time and we were actually seated immediately. Surprisingly there were quite a few empty tables for a Saturday (our reservation was for 7:30pm). All of the gauchos carving the various meats came by often and we were never really left searching for anything. The sides (cheesy biscuits, plantains and mashed potatoes) were re-filled often and the offer of clean plates was continuously made and water glasses were never empty. I still think prices are a bit high on any regular night, as for the HVRW (salad bar, meats, dessert, 2 cocktails, 1 beer and a coffee was $96 and change before tip for 2 people). Cocktails run $10-$15 and beers are about $6.50 or so.
I have been to Texas de Brazil at their Las Vegas location off the strip which I loved! This location didn't meet the Vegas expectations but did have some good points! It is located in Ridge Hill so there is plenty of parking, the restaurant is beautifully design, and has a nice ambience. The staff can range from friendly to cold and not personable. We had reservations but still had to wait almost another 45 minutes to be seated. Our server was nice but wasn't knowledgeable about the wine menu and also brought the wrong bottle of wine. As for the food, the meat selection seemed limited. Also, many of the meats were well done even when requested medium. The salad/side dish bar also didn't have a big selection. It was doable but not a stellar selection by any means. It was an okay experience but didn't leave me wanting to come back anytime soon. However, I have to be fair my review was somewhat tainted due to my awesome Vegas experience.
THIS REVIEW IS SOLELY ON THEIR MANAGER AND CUSTOMER SERVICE (CORPORATE OFFICE). I'd like to start by saying that the food, decor, servers and staff are still great, HOWEVER, I must say I am highly disappointed in the manager (M. Martinez), and his customer service etiquette. Last month was my birthday and Texas De Brazil sent me a $25 coupon to use, which I did, and to make a long story short, when the time came to present the coupon to the manager (if you can call him that, seriously), he took my iPhone with him, disappeared, came back, , adjusted the bill and DELETED the e-mail? I mean seriously dude? Who gave you the permission to touch people's phones like that and delete e-mails???? Do I look like I'd try to use the coupon again or something? I mean I was just in awe but didn't say anything, just thought it was really rude and unacceptable. Fast forward a week later, being that I still liked the place (food, etc),  I was interested in purchasing their VIP Dining Card. I got e-mail offer or you could have purchased it in person. I decided to go in person, since I live down the block. plus I had questions about the deal (t wasn't clear online)....I called on a Saturday, their hostess reassured that there were still plenty of cards available and that the next day would be the last chance to purchase them....when I went the next day, this LOVELY manager brushed off my husband by telling him the cards are sold out. I then went in, spoke to him, and explained that their hostess confirmed that they would have it, and all he said is "yeah, well we no longer have them because we've become very popular!!!!". Also, that I can order one online ($10 shipping), I told him that it was  unprofessional then to "guarantee" a card when you're not sure and have me waste my time coming up there. I personally spent 8 years in the dinning world in different capacities and trust me there are way too many ways to please a loyal customer AFTER YOU MESS UP!!! This guy obviously has no managerial nor customer service skills, and just stood there offering no kind of help. I asked for the corporate office e-mail cause I was going to write to them, he then hands me their phone # (something I can also get from their website). I did call, the person in charge of customer relations wasn't available, I left a VM requesting a call...never heard from them. Just an FYI: That card is $60 and gets you 12,  50% dinners, to make this short...It's not even feasible cause when I did the calc...you'd have to go 3 times just to pay off the card (so basically you're still paying for that dinner), only after 6th visit do you see a $25 saving...but by visit #5, you've had 5 dinners on average 2 people so that's a $500 bill already AND you have to use it by 9/30/14, as much as I like the place I can't go there that many times,...moral of the story GLAD I DIDN'T GET THE CARD, AND AS MUCH AS YOU SUCK AS A MANAGER MR. MARTINEZ, YOU SAVED ME SOME BIG BUCKS, YOUR LOSS...off to explore other places, who might be popular, ok, but still appreciate a customer and their $$$...after all this IS NYC...:))
To sum it all up in one line, this place is pricey but delicious!!  I've visited Texas De Brazil on multiple occasions and the service has been spot on every single time.  The wait staff is great and friendly.  They are usually very knowledgeable and are happy to ask any questions that you may have.   The salad bar is small but fresh and everything is seasoned to perfection.   The servers are aggressive and will compete to bring you the various meats to your table.  YOU WILL BE FULL VERY QUICKLY as they waste little time once you flip your puck over to the green side.  Alcoholic drinks are very tasty though not incredibly strong. Their non alcoholic limeade is also great!!!   I love the cheddar biscuits that they provide.   Desserts are equally wonderful with generous portions. I've recommended this place to my friends and they have all loved it!!!
I love the food in this place. Great salad options, great meat, and everything looks fresh. I especially recommend going there to restaurant week for those of you who have never tried it.
Was not a big fan of this place, which is disappointing bc I've been wanting to try it for so long.  First, the salad bar sucks! They show pictures of delicious sushi and fresh salad options however, they only had one sushi roll option - which was something basic like a California roll - except it was mostly made with all rice and the salad options weren't so fresh.  Second, there were also little fruit flies and nats flying all around the salad bar area - which is disgusting. Third, it is way too expensive.  I could understand why it would cost around $50 per person if the salad bar was amazing plus they offered all the delicious meats but that isn't the case.   The only reason i gave it two stars was bc of how tasty the meats were...and also, we had good service.  However...I will not be going back.
My last meal in New York before moving to Nevada and my first time eating here. I'd say it was a great way to bid farewell. I was certainly pleased, but not completely blown away which is why I give it 4 stars. At the end of the night, my girlfriend and I payed about $140 for the meal. I spent less at both Bubba Gump Shrimp and B.B. Kings on food and drinks in midtown and was satisfied while getting significantly more intoxicated, but here it's more about the food, so I'll give them credit where it's due. First walking in, I wasn't exactly sure where to go. To the right is a bar, straight ahead is the desk with the hostess. We weren't greeted initially upon walking in, but once we neared the hostess she greeted us warmly. She asked if we had reservations, which we didn't but there was no problem seating us anyway. We had no waiting time on a Wednesday around 6pm, no surprise. Before seating us, we were asked a bunch of questions about why we came, if we were celebrating a birthday, etc. I was really surprised by it and considered it to be a bit much, but assumed they somehow wanted to tailor the experience to our occasion. Within 5 minutes of arriving we were at a table looking at our waitress. She offered a mixed drink, the name of which I missed because of her accent. Most important was the mention of lime which I was in the mood for so I jumped on it, my girlfriend did the same. We also asked for a glass of water. Before leaving to get our drinks, the waitress asked us if we'd been there before and then gave us an explanation of how the place works. We each have a circular chip to our right. When it's turned to the green side, they'll bring us more meat cuts, some of which we'll need to use our tongs to remove. When it's red, they'll assume we're resting or finishing up what's in front of us before we want more. She invited us to hit the salad bar and left for our drinks. We came back from a fantastically large salad bar, filled with seafood, grilled mushrooms, giant spheres of mozzarella, mashed potatoes, rice, a delicious mushroom gravy, tons of greens, and surprisingly sushi. Nothing at the salad bar disappointed but we had to take small portions because in trying everything, we'd easily be full before the entree. THE DRINKS WERE STRONG. Once we arrived at the table, our drinks and water were waiting, as well as fried bananas that the waitress said were to reset our palates between meats. She did a good job of replacing them throughout the evening. We began chowing on our food and took our first sips of the drinks. Typically I'm used to watered down nonsense, but these drinks were ready to put us on our behinds. We stayed with one drink because unlike in the city, we'd have to drive in order to get home. About 3 minutes into nom'ing on our salad bar fare, we were greeted by the first meat, which I believe was roast beef. The night had begun. The gentlemen moved fast and I could tell why we needed those green and red chips, because we were quickly overwhelmed by how much food they gave us. There were tons of fantastic choices, like chicken or beef wrapped in bacon, other meats with great seasonings like lamb, and pork, and even sausages but those took a while to come. Overall, the meats were great. Unfortunately, I find a portion of them to be pretty dry. I tend to like meat that nearly falls apart as you chew it, and found myself laboriously chewing on a few of these cuts, even needing water to wash it down. The seasoning was fantastic throughout. I just wish that all of the meats were as tender as the top few. This was the only really disappointing factor of the evening. As for the red and green circular chips, they didn't really work as advertised, as we were still interrupted a few times by the servers even though both of our chips were turned red. This wasn't too big of a deal because we also never had a period where we were "waiting" for food. In fact, because we got food so quickly, we were surprised at how shortly after arriving that we were already full. In most restaurants we'd be probably just seeing our entrees arrive at the table in the time it took for us to fill our stomachs here. The waitress asked if we wanted dessert, and I took the chocolate mousse. My girlfriend took the banana foster pie. We were both way too full to eat these in-house but were interested in trying them nonetheless, so we took them to go. We asked for the check, which was way more than I thought the meal was worth, especially after dining at similarly priced spots in Vegas and New York City on a regular basis, then we left. Overall, the atmosphere was fantastic, though it looks a lot smaller on the inside than on the outside. Comfortable seats, sizeable tables with a little bit of wiggle room, and a fantastic staff were the highlights. The lighting was in the dimmed, intimate style that you usually expect. Employees were dressed in traditional Brazilian style which was a great touch.
if you had one skewer of meat         ,                                      you've had them all !                      ( it is a good looking place )
I guess I'm the lone dissenter here.  I am an enthusiastic meat eater, and I couldn't wait to have a churrascaria close to home again. When you walk in, this place has a beautiful bar and smells incredible. But if you have been to an authentic Brazilian steakhouse, you won't be satisfied with this. The meat, while plentiful, is just not that flavorful. The salad bar wasn't very exciting. It's just not worth the money. Take that money, hop the train to the city and visit an authentic place.
Good food, but the prices are crazy! We went here for an early Father's Day dinner this past weekend.  My husband loves the Brazilian steakhouse my brother-in-law takes him to every time he visits SoCal, so we were keen to take him to one near us for a special treat. We ended up being 45 minutes late for our reservation because the place was impossible to find via GPS.  Neither address we were provided with showed up in our brand-new Magellan device.  My advice would be to NOT use your GPS if you are going here for the first time, and instead map it out from wherever you are coming from via a site like google maps, and print it out ahead of time to avoid the stress of fighting with an unhelpful GPS. The meat I had here was wonderful; the sausages and the ribs were especially good.  The salad bar was pretty good, albeit not as great as what I have heard is typical at restaurants like this.  The sushi offered at the salad bar, however, was a nice touch. Be prepared to spend BIG bucks if you come here.  We did not know desserts were not included, so our total bill (with tip) for three people (two adults, one kid) was over $180 dollars. It would be nice if the restaurant had a lunch special with maybe a limit on the amount of meats you can get, like 3 or 4, instead of unlimited as it is now.  I would be more likely to return if this was the case, as our family budget is not terribly compatible with $180+ meals on a regular basis. The service was also fantastic.  I was dismayed however to hear that the wait staff has to pay to park in the nearby parking garage.  Attention Powers That Be -- your staff is a huge asset to your business, and it is crazy to me as a customer that they have to pay for parking in order to work.
Meatfest 2014. My favorites were the parmesan pork, top round sirloin, and bacon wrapped chicken. The cheese rolls are delicious. Lobster bisque was okay, shrimp were a little hot (spicy), skip the au gratin potatoes and leave room for meat. It's not a cheap night out but it's impossible to leave hungry. Our waitress (Tiffany?) was very friendly and asked if we were waiting for any particular meat; she also got the servers to bring out what we were waiting for. Reservations recommended! Oh- and be sure to come on an empty stomach and eat sloooow.
Love it here! I always love their selection of meat. Except when it's packed they should really get more people out with meat. On the pricier side of things but well worth it!
We went here with a Groupon. I'm glad we did because the place is way overpriced. Without the Groupon it would have cost about $150 with drinks and tip. I know lots of restaurants where we can get excellent food for less and not have to deal with the crappy parking garages and crowds in the Ridge Hill Shopping Center. We arrived early for an 8 pm reservation. We had an 8 pm reservation because even though I called 5 days in advance, they were totally booked for any earlier reservations. Good for them, but I hate it when a place is so popular that you can't even get in. And this place isn't THAT good. We waited on line for 15 minutes just to get from the door to the hostess stand. This was the first turnoff. Once we got there we got a pager and waited until 8:40 to be seated. The bar and waiting area were very crowded with depressed looking people. Everyone was just so unhappy to be waiting around; the place had a really negative vibe. We managed to get one drink at the bar from a very inattentive bartender who seemed to move at a snails pace and broke two glasses in the time we were waiting. But he made good a good drink. My wife finished her drink but we were not able to get another because neither bartender would look in our direction again. Weird. Once we were seated the wait staff was so nice and really helpful. We immediately felt relaxed. We went to the salad bar which is pretty large but not all that special if you're used to eating good food. We tried some different meats and I especially liked the flank steak. The chicken was gross. The sausages were decent. My wife isn't big on red meat. If you're not a big meat eater this definitely isn't worth it. And personally, while I like a small amount of meat, I could never eat enough to make it worth the high cost. We ordered a couple more drinks at the table. I think the drinks, while not cheap, are very good quality. They use good ingredients and don't skimp on the alcohol. The general public obviously loves this place because it's so darned crowded all the time. But it's really not as good as all the fuss would seem to indicate. I just think it's novel and there's nothing else like it around. I would never go back and pay full price.
The food was great, but I'm not a big meat eater. Not to mention I've been on a tofu kick, so my tummy was not doing good for a few days after eating here (that's not the restaurants fault). The salad bar here is great, but you obviously don't come here for that. My advice is don't eat at all before coming here and it's only worth it if you are a meat eater.
I really liked Texas de Brazil as soon as I walked in. The decor was very modern and showy, and the place had a very nice atmosphere. The wait was very, very long. We had made reservations and arrived early, but were seated about half an hour after our reservation time (can someone tell me the point to a reservation if they can't keep it?). Now, I don't normally hit the salad bar at a churrascaria since I like to save my appetite for the meat, but I just happened to check out the salad bar here and noticed that there wasn't a whole lot of options. They had some interesting items (sauted potatoes are awesome), but not a lot of options for the typical salad bar items. As far as the meat, I enjoyed most of them. The Picanha was excellent, and so was the Garlic Sirloin. The filet was very good also. However, I wasn't a big fan of the Parmesan Chicken and the Lamb Chops. The meat servers were very friendly and accomodating to your requests, but the service was super slow. The wait time between cuts of meat felt like forever. Our waiter was also nowhere to be found most of the time. Also prior to the meal, our waiter had mentioned that they'll bring us sweet fried bananas (to cleanse our palate he said), but they ran out of them when we dined. Yes, I was dissappointed that my palate wasn't clean. Overall, I liked Texas De Brazil. The steak was excellent, and I probably ate more than I should have. But the service from the beginning was probably the slowest I ever experienced.
Are you KIDDING ME??  While sitting at the bar waiting for our table, a waiter was picking up his order, when the bartender told him that the drink he was bringing to A CUSTOMER was strong, the waiter proceeded to grab a straw, insert it into the CUSTOMER'S drink, draw some up into the straw with his FINGER, then take a sip from the straw!!!! I was dumbfounded and disgusted.  Needless to say, I will NEVER eat here again.
Both my mother and myself bought a Groupon for Texas De Brazil back around Christmas time.  It was a buy 1 get 1 free offer - spend $47 for 2 people. The rules stipulated Sunday-Thursday and limit 1 per table. We decided to go on a Monday night figuring it would be less busy. When we called to make the reservations for 7 pm we asked if we could sit at the same table even though we have 2 groupons (again which stated one per table) - the hostess said it was not a problem. We were seated along the right side of the buffet near the kitchen. Our waiter was very friendly and explained how the concept works. Flip your card to Green when you want meat and Red when you don't want meat. The salad bar is advertised as having a gigantic amount of choices. I honestly wasn't that impressed with it. Some of the sides were things I don't eat. But over all I did find plenty side to enjoy. My favorite cut of meat was those Garlic Picanha and Filet Mignon. Everything was simply delicious.  They offer complimentary fried bananas at your table ... OMG - YUM! For dessert hubby and I shared the Brazilian Cheesecake - delicious.... Overall great experience. I definitely plan on coming back!!!
4-stars based on food and decor. I'm not going to lie, but the evening started a bit rough - packed with lines out the door, customers were facing 3 hour waits, so we were worried our 7:30 resevations weren't going to be honored. Luckily, we were called at 7:45. Service was slow, but picked up throughout the night. All our servers were amicable and conscientously made efforts to make sure we were taken care of, after we commented a few times. The Decor. - For Ridge Hill, I was blown away! The decor is upscale and reminded me of many Vegas dinners I've been to at swanky restaurants. LOVELOVELOVE. The Salad Bar - Now, I am NOT a buffet, salad bar person. In fact, I hate people breathing on food sitting under hot lights. However, this spread was delicious and one of best I've EVER seen. From cured meats and cheeses to salads to hot dishes like potato gratin, portobello mushroooms, and lobster bisque...you can't help but to go for seconds! The Cheese Bread - Tiny rolls indigenous to the Brazilian culture, they are complimentary on every table. So small, you can literally pop them right into your mouth and easily forget count of how many you've eaten by the end of the night. The Churascaria - The meat selection is plentiful. The standout is definately the Picanha. The Beef Ribs and the Flank Stank were also tasty. I least cared for the bacon-wrapped chicken or the parmeson-crusted lamb. The Sangria - For $29, the pitcher is bountiful and a perfect compliment to the food. For $39, you have the Brazilian option, which apparently is stronger due to the shot of Brazilian liquor added. The Desserts - We shared the Brazilian Cheesecake. OUT OF THIS WORLD FABULOUS! If you are calorie-counting, carb-free, meat-phobic, then THIS is not the place for you. However, if you do go, wear loose pants.
Lucky we made a reservation as there was a 2:45 hour wait. I really liked the decor, the selection of meats, and the salad/appetizers bar (very gourmet). The Gauchos were very pleasant and hospitable always made sure our table was clear, and drinks refilled. The meats are very tasty and tender, and my palate enjoyed the bacon wrapped chicken and parmesan crusted lamb the most. I gave it four stars due to the fact that the Caipirinha was weak, and  I would have liked to see more medium well meats as i'm not a rare meat fan, but the seasoning made up for it. Overall it was a very pleasant experience.
Never disappoints. The lobster bisque is in a class by itself. The meats are flavorful, tender, and juicy. It's a place for large parties and romantic, quiet parties. It's well worth the price.
Ahhhh man best food I've tasted from any restaurant perfectly seasoned and cooked meat. Don't get great at the salad bar you are paying about $50/person for meat so enjoy will defiantly come back and i live about 25-30 miles away from this place
I've been here two times and I can definitely say both times have been amazing, but since I came yesterday with my father I'll base it on that review. So on Saturday I decided to take my father out for a belated Father's Day dinner. It was my second time and his first time. Boy was he amazed. We were first introduced to our server Joseph and later Hanna who are both wonderful by the way they deserved big tips definitely. We went to the salad bar and based on my visit my top two favorite things in the salad bar was the lobster bisque and the potatoes au gratin. I seriously don't know what they put in either of those but they're so good the salad bar is great as well especially the shrimp they had in their salad bar section. So we went back to our seats. After a few minutes we decided to flip our cards over and that's when the fun began. At first they came over with the chicken and pork which was okay but my definite favorites were the steak and lamb items Oh my gosh, they were so good but after about 15 or 20 minutes after we had to flip the cards back. It was so much food. My father thought I was joking when I told him not to eat before we got there. It was definitely a surprise him being that it was his first time but not a surprise to me. Then Joseph decided to tempt us with a dessert tray. DESSERT TRAY! Are you kidding me? After all this food you gave us. Well we decided to split the chocolate cake together. That was delicious. My dad loved his unsweetened iced tea. He loved the salad bar. He loved the meat. He loved this place. He was definitely impressed with the restaurant and definitely became one of my favorites and his as well but it's definitely a place we have to frequent once every 6 months or so because it is about $46 per person but it's definitely worth the price definitely but I would suggest going probably once every 6 months because I believe that's how long will need to recover after all the food you've eaten. Wonderful Steakhouse! Highly recommended.
Ahhhh man best food I've tasted from any restaurant perfectly seasoned and cooked meat. Don't get great at the salad bar you are paying about $50/person for meat so enjoy will defiantly come back and i live about 25-30 miles away from this place
I've been here two times and I can definitely say both times have been amazing, but since I came yesterday with my father I'll base it on that review. So on Saturday I decided to take my father out for a belated Father's Day dinner. It was my second time and his first time. Boy was he amazed. We were first introduced to our server Joseph and later Hanna who are both wonderful by the way they deserved big tips definitely. We went to the salad bar and based on my visit my top two favorite things in the salad bar was the lobster bisque and the potatoes au gratin. I seriously don't know what they put in either of those but they're so good the salad bar is great as well especially the shrimp they had in their salad bar section. So we went back to our seats. After a few minutes we decided to flip our cards over and that's when the fun began. At first they came over with the chicken and pork which was okay but my definite favorites were the steak and lamb items Oh my gosh, they were so good but after about 15 or 20 minutes after we had to flip the cards back. It was so much food. My father thought I was joking when I told him not to eat before we got there. It was definitely a surprise him being that it was his first time but not a surprise to me. Then Joseph decided to tempt us with a dessert tray. DESSERT TRAY! Are you kidding me? After all this food you gave us. Well we decided to split the chocolate cake together. That was delicious. My dad loved his unsweetened iced tea. He loved the salad bar. He loved the meat. He loved this place. He was definitely impressed with the restaurant and definitely became one of my favorites and his as well but it's definitely a place we have to frequent once every 6 months or so because it is about $46 per person but it's definitely worth the price definitely but I would suggest going probably once every 6 months because I believe that's how long will need to recover after all the food you've eaten. Wonderful Steakhouse! Highly recommended.
Great food great service and great atmosphere. A bit expensive but worth the money. Just make sure you go there hungry and with confortable clothes because you are going to roll out of there after eating so much.
Visiited on Valentine's Day. First ,they couldn't find my reservation. When I went to the bathroom, my husband overheard them that they found it. So when I came back, I asked "oh you found it?" They said no, didn't want to admit they were wrong. But they were seating us. Fine. Our waitress. Pressured us into drinks as soon as we sat down. We said water was fine. More drink pitches. Finally I told her I'm pregnant and not interested. Ok...she proceeds to tell us they can "mix juices and soda for nonalcoholic drink." We told her again water is fine for now. She looked upset. Then proceeded to stand there after that until I got up and went to the salad bar. When I returned from the salad bar a good 5-7 min later, no water was served. We had to ask another waiter for water. The mashed potatoes were cold so we asked her for fresh ones, she brought them out but they were also cold... She offered us no sauces like A1 for the steak or the mint jelly for the meats. Had to ask. It was Valentine's day, you'd think they can give you a small comp'd dessert to share...nothing, I told the waitress I wanted the check she came back 20 minutes later with a plate of cakes asking us if we wanted to purchase one?? No, we said we wanted the check! Manager went to every other table but ours. Finally I flagged him down after waiting 20 minutes for the check, and told him please swipe our card because we didn't want to wait another 20 minutes to actually pay. To top it off, I felt REALLY sick all night like a brick was in my stomach, and I didn't even eat much. It was because (after reading online) that they use MSG in their salad bar, mashed potatoes, and meat. Never, ever again. The second star is because the meat was at least hot and the people serving them came around promptly and graciously.
Texas De Brazil has redeemed themselves from my fourth visit using my VIP card and  I must say, it was a wonderful experience this time. After giving such a very bad (2 stars) review , they took it seriously and made my bad review a constructive criticism. The manager visited our table a few times, and have checked if we were okay. Our server, was very polite. The meat slicers have always asked us how we are doing and if there was a specific meat we are waiting for. The meat continoulsy flowed to our table, until I reached a coma. But then, to end it all, we still ordered our fave dessert, oh yeah, no need to bring us and show us the dessert tray, =), the banana cake! Yum!!!! Also try their key lime pie! So, I hope that this special treatment we had will continue and constistency is the key ( no matter how busy they are).......... Looking forward for the upcoming visits.
First off , let me say great addition to the area! I have been dying to try it out , I saw passed by this restaurant on my recent trips to Aruba and The bahamas this year , so when I heard there was one close to the Bronx , I grabbed my husband and the kids and hauled @ss over there... Yea it was that serious ... Why you ask ? I love skirt steak AKA churrasco. I love it, and would eat it everyday if I could. Texas is a Brazilian steakhouse, they serve 15 different kinds of meat , according to our waiter . He informed us to help ourselves to the salad bar and as soon as we were ready for the main entree to flip over a red paper placed on the table. When this card is flipped over its green on the other side , as soon as you flip the paper to green the steaks and other various meats start coming to the table. When I tell you every piece of beef , chicken, pork and lamb was perfect. The food was perfectly seasoned , and cooked . Now the food will keep on coming until you flip the card over back to red, we got to try every meat , and we definitely got our money's worth. The drinks were on point , heavy ...the way we like them , not watered down ...so this was another plus . The inside of the restaurant almost looks like a lounge , when you walk inside the lights are dimmed down very low, and the decor is mostly a deep burgundy , all the tables have enough space between them so your not sitting on top of the family or couple next to you. The service is on point too . We never were left wondering where our waiter went off too. I would definitely recommend this spot for couples , it's quiet and very romantic...not crowded and you will definitely enjoy dining here.
OH MY GOODNESS!!!  I got a chance to try the actual dinner after having a tease sample while hanging out at the bar many nights ago.  Hubby, my son and I ventured here for Father's Day after they emailed me a coupon offer for a free meal for one father at the table.  I have been to other Churrascarias, so I already knew to fast the whole day and eat very little so that I could get my money's worth.  The one thing that I regret was not making reservations sooner because they were booked and we got stuck with reservations for 8:30 in the evening. When we were seated, our server immediately came to the table and explained to us the dining concept.  We made our drinks orders and ventured ti the buffet area to pick out some choice accompaniments.  They have so much variety, from soups and salad to charcuterie and cheeses.  I stayed away from all carb items so as not to unnecessarily fill up on non-essential items (if you don't know by now, I take food very SERIOUSLY). I did try the soup of the day which was Lobster Bisque and although it was missing the usual chunks of lobster meat, the soup tasted great.  And so it began.  We were not even seated for 5 minutes and were flocked with choice cuts of beef, lamb, chicken and pork.  I don't eat pork so I missed out on the Brazilian Sausage (food envy), Pork Ribs, Bacon-Wrapped Chicken and Parmesan Pork Loin but I did enjoy plenty of the Leg of Lamb, Lamb Chops, Sirloin Steak, Picanha, Parmesan Chicken, Flank Steak, Beef Rib, Filet Mignon and Garlic Picanha.  SO GOOD! I was a little upset because I know we missed out on some choice buffet items because of how late our reservations were but the food was still very good and we definitely had a great 2 hour meal. I definitely want to try them out earlier in the day when they first open for dinner service.  I can't wait to get it in again but probably in a couple of months.  I did a number on my gut last night at TDB.
I think I figured out what annoyed me so much last time and it's gotten so much better. Yes there's not a huge variety in the meat although they cover pretty much all of what I want to see - lamb shank, chops, pork loin, a few different chickens, picanha, flank steak, filet mignon, bacon wrapped filet and skirt steak. All of them are seasoned very well. There's not a huge variety in the salad bar but it's enough. And the potatoes and plantains brought to the table are very flavorful and a nice touch. Nothing here is really a throwaway, especially not the desserts. The last time I was annoyed because the server disappeared after we sat down and we didn't really get much in the way of service, however the "gauchos" were nice and continue to be. The service has gotten better and really changed my opinion of the experience all around (Spencer and Joe in particular). The desserts in addition to being delicious run about $8 and the drinks were from $7.50 to $10 which are not bad in my opinion at all. Especially not in comparison to other nearby places. Bottom line, this place has gotten a lot better. I still have some issues with it but for the most part it's gotten a lot better and I'd be willing to go back.
I used a groupon for this trip, it was decent, but I would've been upset if I had to pay full price. On top of that, the drive from Queens and toll woulda been thumbs down for me... It's worth a visit if you are in the area and crave some meat or Brazilian sausage (me and wifey had like 8 of them), they kept bringing that and the "house special" which was some sort of beef... Wasn't much variety unless it just did not make it to my table... For the groupon, it was, ehhh cool I guess... I woulda gave 2 stars, but the service, was great, they were on top of their game and legit...
I wanted to eat at Texas De Brazil at least twice before writing my review and I'm glad I did. My first experience here was, like many other reviewers, great. I didn't know what to expect from this place, so once we figured out how the restaurant works, we were pleased that it was a unique dining experience and not just a typical sit-down restaurant. The salad bar has so many interesting and tasty options and the we all went crazy for the lobster bisque. The meats were well seasoned and cooked to your specifications. The red sangria was good - not the best I've had but it was nice and sweet. Unfortunately, the second time for us was a big let down. We were seated farther back in the restaurant this time, so most of the good meats never made it to our table. The only choices we were offered for the first 40 minutes were the flank steak and a (not so tasty) garlic sirloin repeatedly, even after asking several times for the good stuff. It took 45 minutes and a lot of begging before a rack of lamb chops made it to our table and an even more ridiculous hour and a half before we were served filet mignon. Desserts - the pecan pie and key lime pie - were both average. Both times, our servers were friendly and attentive. I do recommend this restaurant, but do be careful where you sit. And try not to get too filled up before the good meats make it to your table!
I've had my fair share of Brazilian BBQ and have never seen a salad bar and wine selection quite like Texas de Brazil's. They had au gratin potatoes....YUM YUM YUM! Beautiful decor, incredible service, and amazing food. Our waiter made sure we received all the types of meats we wanted and was very quick to refill waters and give us clean plates If you haven't had Brazilian BBQ before, it's "all you can eat meat" for around $45. Pricey, but you definitely get your money's worth. It was very tricky to find this place - had to park in the Whole Foods, then go up a few flights of stairs before we were on the "main street". Very odd layout/location for the entire mall area.
Awesome meal! I had a big gathering with some of my Brazilian pals here. Everything is great, a maybe a bit expensive.  But you can't really go wrong with this place.  I ate sooo much meat!  Must try if you like to to experience Brazilian steakhouse.
It was relatively empty on a Thursday night so when I announced that we had a reservation, I sensed a little internal eye-rolling from the staff.  It didn't bother me, but my companion felt awkward almost immediately.   Overall, the food and experience was enjoyable.  We were completely overwhelmed within 10 minutes of being there.  Even when we flipped our cards down to red to take a "break" they still surrounded our table with meat. Our waitress was very friendly, even when we presented a coupon, which I know can raise some red flags with restaurant employees.  I tipped her better because I was saving money on the meal, which I think everyone should consider doing to prevent the coupon stigma.  I also thought she deserved it.   The manager on duty, however, is what turned this review from a four to a three star.  She was unfriendly, to say the least.  Does not bother  looking or greeting customers on their way in or thanking them on their way out.  I  made a point to look at her when I walked out and said "thank you".  I got nothing in return.  Very odd.
This is my favorite steak house! It is located in Ridge Hill Mall. My fiancé and I along with our friends went on a  Tuesday night, so it was nice and quiet. Our waitor was very attentive.  I loved the layout of the buffet. Almost everything we tried was delicious. The sweet plantains were amazing!! The mashed potatoes were great as well. As the workers brought the variety of meats to the table I asked that all be well done. ..I do not prefer medium rare...it's nasty...(people stop kidding yourselves). My favorites were the lamb chops, filet mignon wrapped in bacon, sausage, and the churrasco. It is an expensive place do expect to spend 90$ per person but it's worth it. If you sign up for their email list they offer discounts and a free meal for your birthday.  I have been advised to not go on weekends and if you are to make reservations because the wait is pretty long.
Excellent place! The restaurant is very ornate and the service is top notch.The servers and staff work relentlessly to make sure that you are elated. I have dined in texas de brazil's in miami and this place matched up pretty well. The cold buffet is the same, but there was certain items that have been sitting for a while and somewhat stale (rice and potatoes).. and for the price tag i expect better. However the meat is succulent and to die for..if your a fan of churrasco or even a meat lover this is heaven. The skirt steak, lamb chops, leg of lamb, and sirloin were incredible. The parmesan chicken and filet mignon were average. They also can cook the meat to your preference ie well done, medium rare, medium well(standard). Was a great dining experience and will go again.
MEAT!! Went with the bestie for a pre-valentine's day dinner (we knew there would be no chance of getting a reservation the actual day), so glad we did! The space is beautiful!  Dramatic accent pieces, uber-comfortable waiting area, gorgeous wine cellar encased in glass right smack in the middle of the dining room.   *SKIP THE DRINKS HERE AND HAVE WINE.  THEY'RE NOT STRONG AT ALL. TOTALLY NOT WORTH IT** From the salad bar: Salmon with dijon mustard (AMAZING) Goat cheese - stinky, salty goodness Some of the other reviewers said the sushi was not worth trying so I steered clear of it -plus it looked funky..like made it myself at home funky.  Pass on it, don't waste the space. ThE MEAT Lamb chops - on point and in high demand.  There was a short wait on these but for very good reason Sausage, chicken wrapped with bacon, parmesan crusted chicken - Excellent I don't eat beef, but I did that night!  Flank steak and the house special 'Picana' - so good. Some of the other cuts were too red on the interior for me to try but TdB is awesome, they will cook your selections however you like them. Service was great.  Even if you have the table card on Red, they still bring meat...ALL the meats.  Our waiter Eric was very sweet and attentive, so much so he realized my bestie did not receive any liquor in his spiked cappuccino.  We weren't huge fans of his partner Ronald but Eric's attentiveness made up for Ronald's overbearing stares bearable...that and the cheesecake topped with Brazillian nuts and caramel sauce - SO FRIGGIN GOOD.  The caramelized bananas topped with sugar were a dessert in itself but the mold of the cheesecake did us in, we had to try it and were sooo glad we did! I feel like beating on my chest every time I think of this place.  Will definitely be back.
Mmmmmmm, Texas de Brazil, how I've been dreaming of you ever since my last meal here. This is a place where you truly have to come here on an empty stomach and just let the parade of fantastic food commence. A few things you should know before coming here, however... 1. I don't know why Texas de Brazil was marked as "kid-friendly", but as stated in a review below, I didn't really think it was kid-friendly. There isn't much on the menu that a young child could eat. 2. The salad bar isn't really as big as other restaurants of this type, like Copa Cabana up in Port Chester (I hope I did justice to that restaurant's name... spelling is not always my forte!). It's actually quite small. I can't really gripe about it, though; they make up for it tenfold by the parade of meat. Plus, when I was there, they had a mean Lobster Bisque soup at the salad bar. 3. They charge you for refills on drinks! Stick with water, because the meat is also salty. But I should add... they had the really cute aluminum bottles of Coke that they served you with. This is definitely a great night for when you and your friends want to splurge. The service is great, the food is phenomenal, the decor is fun and comfortable, and the atmosphere is great. Plus, they have an excellent chocolate and caramel cheesecake for dessert.
Had to stop in to review this MEGA MEAT FEST of a restaurant!! Ok... so I highly recommend NOT eating for at least 5 hours before going here. You better bring your appetite & be ready for an absolute Feast! They bring so many different types of meats.. that you start feeling dizzy after awhile. I love the lamb chops & pretty much any of the steaks.. very tender & fresh. They also have a great salad bar with lots of variety but DONT fill yourself up at the bar! Only reason I gave it a 4 out of 5 is cause I had a bit of a stomach ache afterwards.. although that was mostly due to my own lack of self control. My card stayed on green the entire time :)
Came here the day after Christmas for the lady's birthday, and had a blast.  Devin was our server, and he was more than accommodating.  Everything was delicious, and the salad bar for superb. My favorite this evening was the leg of lamb, but everything else was great, too.  I asked Devin if they sing "Happy Birthday" or anything for birthdays, he said they don't sing(which works for me) but he brought out a slice of cake with a candle on it and it said "Happy Birthday" in chocolate on the plate. I thought that was awesome.   Words of advice: Don't eat the bread. Just don't. Go to Olive Garden if you want bread, eat the meat here. Don't bother with the bacon wrapped turkey or chicken or even the Parmesan chicken, and I would even avoid any pork.  Sure, they're good, but you are here for meat, eat the bloody red meat that comes around and pass on the lesser types.  However, I wouldn't pass on the sausage, as it was very good.
I've got Brazilians in my extended family and so have spent many a meal at churrascarias and am familiar with the prices as well. I was not impressed by Texas de Brasil. One of the highlights I have experienced at other churrascarias (besides the meat of course) is the vast salad bar. Usually, the salad bar has enough food and variety to entice you away from eating just the meat. Their website claims there are 50 to 60 salad bar items but I found that doubtful, unless they are counting each salad topper as one item (1-shredded carrots, 2- Parmesan cheese). The salad bar was a total disappointment. And while I understand that the main reason you go to these types of restaurants are to eat meat, in some cases you need alternatives. Take, for example, children. Ok, so my 23 month old didn't have to pay because she is under 2, and the 5 year old only had to pay $5, but there wasn't anything they would eat. At all. They ate absolutely nothing. These types of restaurants are usually for celebrations and have families there, so why don't they have kid-friendly options? Would it kill them to throw some chicken fingers or nuggets and fries on the salad bar? Or some mac-n-cheese or pasta or meatballs? Just one kid friendly item would have been enough but we didn't even have that. Oh, and there is no fruit in the salad bar either. So, even though a meal of just fruit would be lousy, it is certainly better than nothing. I found that I couldn't enjoy my experience very much because my kids were going hungry. And let's talk about the main part of the experience, the meat. I loved LOVED the beef ribs, and the Brazilian sausage was great too. Everything else was just mediocre. I will definitely NOT be returning here even without kids.
Large group so give a little pass but when I order a drink 3 times you would think they would get it right.  Desert was forgotten also.  Food good but over priced but that's what u get in NY.   Give it a shot.
After reading the reviews here I had mixed feelings before go to Texas de Brazil for the first time and was expecting the food to be mediocre. We came here for my birthday yesterday, right off the service was amazing (to be fair we went on a tuesday night) no wait for table, we were immediately seated. The caipirinhas were amazing but I made sure I drank between the meats. Every meat served was a piece of heaven, I did have to switch the green circle to red many times because you are overwhelmed with the meats. Best Meats: Lamb Chops Sirloin steak Filet mignon Parmesan Pork Loin we ate so much we couldn't laugh, we will definitely return.
Very nice place and the service is excellent, but sometime the meat is a little salty.
Serious. I have been to similar restaurants (there was a Brazilian restaurant in Scarsdale on Central Ave a few years ago, now it is El Dorado Diner), and this place is miles away in terms of dining experience, variety, quality, and service. I tried everything that the Gauchos (servers that bring the meat on the skewers) brought to my table. I am not a big fan of lamb chops, but the gaucho convinced me to try it, and I am glad that I did. Very tasty. Perfectly cooked. Not chewy and not rare, although lamb chops should be rare. This was a good lamb chop experience. Our waiter, Ronald, was super helpful and friendly and had a good sense of humor. He was informative and knew everything about everything that we were eating, as he should. He even offered me a wheelchair to help me leave the place because I was so full. Example of his good sense of humor. My one gripe, was that even though I had indicated that I was not interested in anything else, some gauchos ignored by red stamp and continued to bring me food. And when I asked for a little, I was given way too much. Might be because it was the end of the night and people wanted to wrap up. Not a big deal, but seeing so much uneaten food on a plate builds a feeling of guilt deep inside of me, but then when I continue to gorge on the tender meat, I no longer have any cares. Also, this place looks totally out of place in Yonkers. Although it is in Ridge Hill of Westchester, it looks like it belongs on a vacation resort. I liked Texas De Brazil very much and will go back, however it is pricey, so I won't be back for a while, but the quality of the steak rivals any steakhouse, and it definitely offers the best steak in Yonkers. What are your other options? Outback? Please. Oh yeah, there is also a salad bar. But don't bother filling up on that stuff (rice, salad, cheese, veggies, soup [I had lobster bisque when I was there, and was pleasantly surprised]). And the Maduros! WOW! Do it...Do it.
Visited this place on Valentine's Day with another couple.  I thought for the most part the meat was good.  A bit salty sometimes, but that is the traditional Gaucho style of cooking meat.  I thought the salad bar was ok.  I enjoyed the Portobello Mushrooms and just a regular salad.  I really liked the chimichurri sauce.  I usually get some here for use at home. As for the whole experience, I thought it was 'ok'.  Certain cuts of beef were really good.  We had 3 alcoholic beverages and 1 ginger ale.  Total check was about $285.  $325 with tip......... For what we consumed, I thought it was a bit pricey, and don't think I'll be going back.   Don't get me wrong, this is NOT a bad place, but for that kind of money I can hit up Morton's or Luger's and enjoy a better meal. Just my $0.02..........
This place is a jip! We went there with 10 pp for the Hudson restaurant week. Not only did they not honor the restaurant week pricing but our waitress lied to us and told us the dessert and the coffee/tea was part of the deal. Long story short, when the check came, our waitress pretended like she did not know and charged us all full price for everything. A $30 meal turned into $80pp. Our check was over $800 and all we had was the meat and dessert.  Warning to all you folks taking advantage of Hudson restaurant week, double check with your server otherwise they don't tell you what's included and what's not and will pull a fast one on you. Ours just flat out lied to us.
It was good. The Yonkers TDB was the 4th we've been to. We would say this was our 3rd favorite after Orlando, Aruba, but was surely better than the one in Tampa. We found there salad bar area to be smaller than the one in Orlando. Overall, the food was of consistent quality although we found our drinks to be fairly weak (oddly the best drinks we had at any of the TDBs was at Tampa although the sangria in Aruba was far and away the best of any sangria anywhere we've tried). The meats were on point, the salad options for the most part were great (save the roasted zucchini- gross), and their dinner table rolls, mashed potatoes, and sweet bananas (not plantains but bananas) were decent (sweet bananas were sort of cinnamon toast crunch tasting. We felt a bit pressured at the end of the service after we requested dessert. I hate when they bring out those stupid plastic desserts representing what desserts they carry. Then then also bring our alcohols that go well with it. They try real hard to sell it to you but at this point of the meal it's pretty difficult to get yourself to consume any more drinks. Overall, we went with the key lime pie which was way below average to Florida standards. In the end, although the bill was pretty hefty, we think our Easter Sunday meal went fairly well but it wasn't executed to a five star rating- in fact not even a four star at that. I think a three is fair but go on and try it. You be the judge.
So, i usually O-D when i go to these type of places, but I was SOOOOOO proud of myself when I left this space w/o feeling the need to throw up. My girlfriend told me about the Ridge Hill Shopping center, and since i'm always in the BX, I thought it would be a nice change up from the Italian places we hit up.  It was between Texas De Brazil and the Cheesecake Factory.  Upon arrival, we were greeted by the host and were seated right away.  He was very acoomodating and friendly.  Explained the concept of the restaurant along w/ the history. (which i wasn't a huge fan of but at least he was doing his job) The salad bar was pretty normal, I love the one on 48th st, and this was was maybe 68% of that. (as far as variety and creativity of the dishes. The meats were def. all cooked very well and delicious.  The favs were the brazilian sausage, and the flank steak.  YUMM-O!  I wasn't a fan of the bacon wrapped filet or the lamb chops. The servers here were def. not the norm.  Usually they're straight from Brazil, don't really speak english.  But these were just normal spanish guys, pretty young, and def. kind of pushy.  Like open your EYES...RED is up....keep it moving!!! At the end of dinner, one guy came up to our table and told my date, I could tell you're full by the hunchback.  I know it wasn't ill willed, but i though it was kind of offensive.  If we were those type of ppl, we'd probably be pissed off but, we laughed out loud about it till we got back to the car. We'll def. be coming back here at some point. :)
First time at a restaurant like this.  It was a great experience.  Food was excellent.  Service was amazing.  Staff couldn't have been more attentive.  Will definitely go back.  Great ambiance. Amazing dessert.
This was my second time at Texas de Brazil and they didn't disappoint!  My family and I went for Mother's Day - I made a reservation for 13 of us and was pleasantly surprised that we didn't have to wait for our table upon arrival.  Kudos to Texas de Brazil for not letting their patrons wait even though they had a reservation.   Ok - on to the food.  I have to admit, the meats are very well seasoned and hot as they bring them around.  In fact, they come around with the meat faster than you can eat it - that could be a little irrating but better that they come to you too much than not at all. There were quite a few finicky people in my party, but everyone enjoyed the food - especially the meat and I was relieved as I was the one that picked the place. The desserts are especially good, the first time I went I had the carrot cake - my fiance ordered it again this time and it was just as good as the first time!  I ordered the Brazilian cheesecake.  It was good but I think I liked the carrot cake more.  Others order the chocolate mousse and key lime pie and they were pleased with them as well.  My sister who is a big fan of creme brulee was very disappointed when they told her that they were out of creme brulee that day. The only downsides I can say are that they really need to have more selections at the salad bar area.  They have toss salad, a spicy shrimp dish, some vegetables, a soup, white rice and black beans.  Clearly, there need to be more selections to appeal to a variety of palettes. The other downside is that Texas de Brazil is pricey - no one in my party had an alcoholic drink and we even received free soft drinks and desserts for 10 people (in honor of Mother's Day), and the bill was still over $60 per person. Finally, this place is definitely not for kids as I didn't see a kids menu, my nephew who is nine joined us and he ate the same food as we did - although it was half price, I think they should have more "kid friendly foods" for the youngsters. Overall, I really like Texas de Brazil and will definitely go back in the future.
Went here with friends for a birthday dinner. There was something for everyone. Several of the guests were vegetarians and they were satisfied as well. We enjoyed the atmosphere. The wait staff were great and answered all of our questions to our liking. My husband and I will definitely be going back.
THANK YOU JESUS! It was the most delicious meat that I have had in a while from a restaurant. This place is so good, that I went 2 times in one week. ( Thanks to my husband for having the stomach for it again).  It is a place you have to be hungry and have space for. It is not a place if your husband works out on a daily basis in you gym at home and all he eats is organic foods and protein bars.... with that said I had to have the stomach for it! AND I DID! The steaks are so good, the salad bar is one of a kind and the servers are the most pleseant people ever. I enjoyed it so much! Will be going again every month!
This is Meat lovers heaven here! Let me start off by saying I had mixed emotions on coming here! Well lets say I'm glad I did!! For ambiance I give this place 4 thumbs up! Very intimate cozy feeling !  The Salad bar is quite a sight and everything on it is amazing, the couscous the sushi the fresh cheeses! On to the the main reason for coming!!! the endless meats that are hand carved and delivered to your table at your pace! They automatically bring u garlic mash potatoes and fresh Brazilian Bananas which are very good! I tried a variety of steaks, pork, chicken and Brazilian sausage ... The meats are cooked to your liking, for me it's med well to well! Tender and delicious each and everyone of them. The filet min And flank were my fav! On to deserts the amount your table gets to choose from is un real this place knows how to do dessert !!! From carrot cake to flan to banana cream pie, which was my favorite ! But if I tried all of them like I wanted to then, well lets just say you would need a wheeled device to get me outta there!!! IMPORTANT!!  If you plan to go there for someone's birthday, go to there website and register them because they'll send you a voucher, and the bday persons meal is free!!!!  The service is great there no!! GO THERE HUNGRY!!!
Meat paradise...and the salad bar isn't half bad either. I'm a huge fan of the Brazilian steakhouse thing...tons of good all you can eat meat that you can pick and choose what you want, and when you want it.  Throw in a giant salad bar full of cheeses and accompaniments for your meat adventure and you've got yourself a great meal. This was my first time frequenting this chain (I've done Fogo de Chao and some smaller local places before) and I really liked it.  Quite classy and quite delicious.  Drinks were great, if not a bit small.  Had a glass of Malbec which was great with the meat and a cocktail...and the signature drink, the Caipirinha, which tasted like a mix between a Mojito and Margarita, very tasty and strong. The meat was great of course.  My only complaint being the Lamb Chops were really salty, which is disappointing as they are usually the highlight.  The servers were super quick with the meat, even as the restaurant began to get busy we never waited long. ProTip:  Park in the Whole Foods Garage, and after your meal go spend $10 in there to get your parking validated.  Yes, I know $10 is more than parking would have cost, but you know you wanted to go get something there anyway.
I have dined here a few times everything is perfect decor food service just perfect its my go to place and im going with friends and family for New Years Eve that says a lot the reason i gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is because they dont validate your parking
First day of 2014, 4 of us got serious food poisoning. Ridiculous
i went to meat heaven and DIED. i don't even like meat all that much- but Texas de Brazil makes you change your mind... sort of. we came here with a small group of friends. the wait time was like 10-15 minutes to be seated and this was during a friday rush hour night. service was impeccable for such a busy hour. i've never been to a place like this- probably because i don't favor steak houses or meaty-meaty-meaty joints all too much. BUT.... they have a BUFFET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!­!! okay, salad buffet. i'm from the suburbs, kid. i KNOW buffets and how they should be. LOL. besides the buffets i've been to in Vegas, this was very well set up. i spend more time there than at the table. from lobster bisque to tapas-style finger foods, i was in pure bliss. it's not your typical Sizzler... although i love Sizzler haha.  i think i was already full from the 3 plates of salad buffet items. then, came the MEAT. so- i was a little dazed and confused from all the delicious food that i didn't even realize i was there to eat meat. the green and red cards notify the carvers to come to your table and unleash their wrath of MEAT onto your plate. it sounds very seductive and naughty... it kind of is. the filet mignon and other cuts of beef, chicken wrapped in bacon and sausages were delicious! if my stomach didn't explode at this point... there were more coming to our table: fried bananas.OMG. garlic mashed potatoes. OMG.  just slather it all over my chest and i'll lick it off. overall, my whole experience here was pretty godlike. i've been dreaming of going back there and saying to the carvers, "gimmie yo MEAT." i'm sure i'll get arrested for sexual harassment.
I had been craving for Texas de Brazil since moving back to New York from Florida. So when I received email that they were opening in NY *overjoyed* was the word. I was extremely late due to missing my intended train then not judging my Metro North ride, but although I had called to change my arrival time three times and was still late, I was welcomed for lunch with a smile and open arms. Food was exactly as remembered from eating at other locations - fantastic!!! Wiley S., as well as all of the servers, were friendly and on point with food, drinks, water, etc. I am glad I registered online. Not only do I receive emailed deals for lunch, birthday, and 3 course meals, I am also informed of new restaurant openings. It was worth the Metro North and 78 bus ride :) Kudos!!!
My husband and I visited this restaurant a few weeks ago.... I've heard very good things about Brazilian Steakhouses so I was excited to try this one after it opened in Yonkers. However I was very disappointed. While the Restaurant was beautifully decorated and had a nice atmosphere, it just did not live up to my expectations. The idea of  unlimited meats sounds great, but the place is too large with not enough servers. My husband and I sat for about 30-40 mins with out any meat!! We got our drinks and snacked on stuff from the salad bar (which lacked variety) Then we were served the "Brazilian cheese bread" Being that we were starving my hubby dove right in and ate one, I then reached in to get one and out come a piece of CHEWED GUM ATTACHED TO MY BREAD!!!!  YES, GUM, GREEN GUM THAT WAS CHEWED UP!!! I was so disgusted, and immediately called over one of the managers, who removed the bread. The chef did come out, speak to us and offered a sincere apology and also dessert on the house( the cheesecake and papaya cream was amazing) But the experience was already ruined for us.  I started wondering how the other foods were prepared in the kitchen hmm....But none the less we tried to enjoy the rest of our night, but the gum on bread haunted us alllll night. The menu offers a variety of meat, but almost all that was served was beef. We got one chicken dish and one lamb during the 2.5 hrs we spent there. Good Idea for a restaurant but the tab for two people, 4 drinks came up to $150!!! which I though was ridiculous, it just wasn't worth that price, especially after we were served something that wasn't on the menu :-/ Sorry, but that was my first and last visit. Too expensive, not enough choices for the salad  bar and not enough variety of meat.
This place is awesome, but there's some things you should keep in mind to take full advantage of it. The meat is high quality, diverse, and literally "all you can eat" so my suggestion is to make this your focus and don't fill up at the salad bar. If you come here for the meat, you probably won't be disappointed. Try the lamb chops and the rib meat, you won't regret it. Every cut of steak was good. The service was prompt, brisk, very professional and attentive. Our designated waiter checked in many times throughout the evening, and the meat-bearing-waiters zipped over to our table as soon as we flipped our indicator disk to green (that's the system there, green for service and red if you need a break from the action). It was almost overwhelming to have the food constantly being offered when our disk was green. I think our experience was enhanced by arriving early in the evening--  we booked a reservation at the earliest possible time, 4pm on Saturday. I  noticed the place got very crowded starting about 6pm (when we were leaving). That having been said, I didn't notice a backlog in the reception area, so they seemed to be handling the crowd so far. The wine and dessert were decent but nothing extra-special, but again, you go there for the meat. The coffee was good, though. The interior was very clean and a bit fancy. Based on the pictures on the website, I dressed up, but upon arrival noticed many diners dressed very casual, with one guy in a white t-shirt. So I guess you can go there dressed as you like ;-)
As having experienced Texas De Brazil in Orlando and after visiting the Yonkers location, I notice that the brand really appreciates their customers. Everyone from the Hostess, bartenders and servers are constantly interacting with their customers and explaining the TDB service. The food is great and fresh. On previous reviews I've highlighted the scalloped potatoes which are phenomenal and go great with meat offerings. Servers are constantly at your table with meat options. This place is pricey, but well worth it!
Excellent !!!! The best Service provided and great food Would recommend for anyone who loves the finest. If your lucky to get KC He's a Great Waiter and Meat Server Ricardo - They make the Dinner even better
I have been dining at Brazilian steakhouses for quite a few years now, including multiple locations of Texas de Brazil.  So when I heard they were coming to NY I was SOOOO excited.   My wife and I were in the area and wanted to give this one a try, as we love the chain every time we have tried it! I will keep this review short and sweet, since what else can i say but AWESOME!  The server was excellent, his name was Joe.  The gauchos were all very good as well, but the food is what makes this place what it is!  Excellent drinks, food and dessert!
I went to a Brazilian steakhouse many years ago. The place was on Central Ave, but it has since closed down. I remember that I liked the IDEA of a churrascaria, but the execution at this particular restaurant was all wrong. It was chaotic and messy and loud. But I'd heard excellent reviews of Texas de Brazil from several people, so I was eager to try it. Brian and I went on a Saturday and upon entering the restaurant, I immediately knew that this place would be entirely different: a long bar at the right of the entrance was well stocked with a variety of liquors, while the glass wall behind the hostess housed hundreds of bottles of wine. Lounge chairs in the center of the room were a comfortable reprieve for the people who were willing to endure the hour + wait for a table. We were seated fairly quickly in a large, elegant main dining room, and were immediately approached by a smiley server who explained what we could expect from the dining experience. For a $47 fixed price, we'd get the unlimited salad bar and unlimited meat (but we had gotten a deal through Groupon). Our seats were located right by the 47 item buffet salad bar, and while there was salad and assorted vegetables, this bar also had lobster bisque, a variety of cheeses (parmesan, goat, mozzarella), sushi, rice and beans, just to name a few ... one could easily fill up on the salad bar, alone. But we came for the meat. We were instructed to turn over the cards provided at our table from the "red" side to the "green" side to indicate that we were ready for the gauchos to approach our table. Almost immediately, we were greeted by men bearing bacon wrapped chicken, rack of lack, flank steak, sirloin, pork shank ... I'm embarrassed to say that I was full within five minutes, so we didn't even get to try all the meat that they had. Our server also brought over plantains and mashed potatoes to complement the meat. As stuffed as we were, I can never say no to dessert, and I had eyed the dessert tray at other tables over the course of our dinner, so my curiosity was already piqued. There were an assortment of cakes and pies, but Brian and I both thought they'd be too heavy for us. Our server mentioned a papaya mousse, made with fresh papaya and whipped vanilla ice cream. It was the perfect end to our dinner: light, creamy and not overly sweet. For future reference, I'll remember that next time I should: - Go with a group: It's a really fun place and would be cool to experience with a group of friends or family -Not eat a single thing all day beforehand. I want to be able to eat EVERYTHING next time.
Excellent. Better than the one in Aruba if that's possible. Salad bar is fresh and tasty but don't fill up on it, the real attraction is the meats. Do make sure to grab some Chimichurri sauce for the abundance of various meats to come. The Filet, skirt & flank steak are all delicious and cooked to a perfect medium rare. The Filet Mignon wrapped in bacon is a treat as well. The lamb is really good but I was crazy about the pork. The various meats come quickly so be picky with second servings after you've tasted them all or you will be stuffed before you know it. The two types of Sangria also very good. It's in the Ridge Hill outdoor mall. A very nice area with a lot of shopping and for those with kids, Lego Land is right down the block.
Yummy fast love all that meat! Lol.... The sweet plantains are great and let's not start with the cheesy bread buns.... Ahh! Just yummy.... I only took off a star because of the prices... Makes you feel like your in the city and your clearly not.... But I do love this place and you can eat all you want so definitely will be back and I do recommend this place to everyone! :) Take a date, family members or friends.... Don't go alone lol
Don't know what people see in this place. Absolutely average place and if you get booze and dessert you end up paying a top dollar for average food. Only reason why I came here was the Groupon deal, will never eat there again.
Food can be delicious, but has been inconsistent.  I have gotten the most tender pork ribs ever here, and I have also had overly salty meat as well.
Everything was near perfect here...the service was excellent, the salad bar was good, the meat brought around was excellent. I would say this is a place to go to for very special occasions, it was on the pricey side. Recommend reservations for this place otherwise you're probably not going to get in. I would imagine this is a waste to bring kids to-they will neither enjoy nor appreciate the expense. Drinks stayed filled throughout. Super happy with this place!
Awesome place. Great atmosphere, I've been to many a top restaurant and service wise this rivals most. My waiter KC was probably one of the better waiters I've ever had, very personable and attentive. Dinner was excellent, the salad bar area was cold and everything was very fresh. All the meats were hot, dessert was a very flavorful flan, and for the amount of food I found it reasonably priced. Would happily recommend this to anyone looking for a fun, quality dining experience.
OFF THE HOOK!! This food was absolutely...wow..loss for words.  The layout is warm and inviting and our server Raphael was so knowledgeable and courteous.  My husband and I didn't get to try all the meats, but what we did try?...absolutely amazing.. The sirloin was definitely in the top 5..salted beautifully the way a steak should be.   The parmesean crusted pork: insane!  Bacon wrapped filet mignon..outta site...the lamb chops definitely needed a sauce for more flavor but the condiments bar gives you those options..tastes great with the chimmichuri sauce.  And dessert?...lets just say the triple chocolate cake with the godiva liquer was a sweet introduction to "dessert after hours" loll... Definitely am going back and would suggest this to everyone and anyone that loves being a carnivore!
Nothing but a great experience every time I go here.  The staff is always friendly.  The food is always exceptional and no matter where ewe sit we get so much food.  We're always friendly and in return they always ask if there is something we haven't got to try and what they could bring over or they make recommendations at the salad bar..  Never once a problem when I visit.  Pricey but they run quality promotions that make it affordable for the average Joe to catch a bite too.
Love love love this place. Great service and food. I feel like a king in this place. I love that they give you a free birthday dinner here because of that I went and I made this place my birthday spot every year.
Fatty mcfat fat went to town at Texas de Brazil. Hubster and I sat down for a rather early dinner at 5:30 pm, but it seemed like a smart choice for several reasons: 1) I'll be sure to stuff my face with all sorts of meats and salad bar options that I'll need as much time as possible to digest. 2) The wait for a table seemed to get worse as the evening progressed (when we left the restaurant 2 hours later, we saw some familiar faces who arrived 15-30 minutes after we did.). We were seated, right on time, bonus points! The hostess pulled out my seat- kind of cool! We were offered a generous (read: leather binder) wine and spirits menu. We opted out of the wine: ate a pure carnivore meal. woo hoo! After being armed with an explanation of how Texas de Brazil works (green/red go/stop cards) we ventured to the salad bar. Options seemed pretty good- my fave was the Lobster bisque and mozzarella balls. My least fave were the "sushi"-- yes I realize a Brazilian Steakhouse's weakest point will be something Asian. LOL. At the table, were were served cheese rolls- more cheese than starch, buttery mash potatoes and sweet fried bananas (not plantains or maduros). The service by hostess and "server" was alright. The servers with the magical meats on sticks with swords, were knights in shining armor. There I said it! Service by these meat guys were awesome! In the first half hour of going green, we were offered: Signature Top sirloin, BBQ pork ribs, pork loins, beef sausages, Parmesan encrusted chicken and bacon wrapped chicken. Servers did not skimp on the portions, freshly carved from the handheld rotisserie stick and served table side with individual tongs at each place setting. The meats kept coming. Some cuts were duplicated, but don't fill up yet! Everyone has their own strategy; we kept our cards green and waited for the cuts we wanted. Soon thereafter, I created space in my stomach and asked for Lamb chops, flank and filet minion. Our choice of meats rolled in about 45- 60 minutes into our meal. It was actually kind of cool that when asked, the meat servers would bring the requested cuts of meat. AWESOME. Flank steak had a nice crust to it. The ribs, lip-smacking, need 4 napkins kind of serving. Lamb chops were a finger friendly meal. And the filet, oh the filet!!! I gained 10 lbs from this dinner- definitely a diet-breaker. I would highly recommend reservations oh, and your appetites. Now, the nitty-gritty: a full per person meal is $46.99 includes the salad bar, but not deserts and drinks. Not sure... but for a Sunday night dinner, the steakhouse definitely felt super family friendly- not complaining, but defo look out for the little ones walking around with their rents. On the noise point-  I could see the restaurant getting really loud but for the most part I didn't have to scream to carry a conversation over dinner. Huge plus, especially for a restaurant this size. Hubster and I will return in a couple of months!
Both the food and service is wonderful. All of the meats are cooked and seasoned wonderfully. The only issue is the price, but this is definitely a place to go at least once if only to try some quality meats.
very good steak. sirloin and lamp chop was my favorite. been there twice  and always great. good services. nice and friendly staff
The food and service was amazing. The place looks amazing. We were a group of 6 spent, not wasted, about 80 a piece and this was for everything drink and desert. They are good , after we were done eating, they did not hover us, it was probably done to give enough time to digest all the food they just kept giving us, so we can order dessert. I'm definitely going back.... Ohh and for anyone that doesn't like seeing blood, while your cuts will be well done, you will see the drips from the medium cuts.
SALTY
If you're in the mood for meat, this is the place for you!!  Best bet is a groupon or if you sign up with them you get a free meal for your birthday, it is a bit over priced. Stay away on the weekends! The wait is crazy and even if you go on a week night make a reservation.  The waitstaff are very attentive and great at suggesting wines to go with the richness of the meats.  The salad bar is small but everything is very good and again complements the meat.  The bacon wrapped meat is passable, I find it a little too salty.  Everything else is wonderful.  I always ask for the meat to be medium to medium well and it just melts in your mouth.  The lamb chops are priceless, I could fill up on that alone.  Not an everyday spot but for special occasion, it's worth it, at least once.  Try it and find out for yourself.
For a 200$ meal this place is great! It is perfect for a date. It is classy and has amazing food. When you first walk in you see the beautiful decor! I had a house drink which was strong and worth the money! The salad bar was amazing....  Shrimp, salmon, lobster...etc! Then they brought any meal that you could imagine- filet mignon, ribs, pork, sirloin... Next they offered a after dinner shot then dessert which we didn't know wasn't included but was worth it! The service was exceptional, thank you damien! This place is worth the travel if your not too close. I would say it is better for a date than a family place. I def hit the "wall" with food since they kept offering more food! Thank you Texas de Brazil for a great dinner, great food, an great service .....a perfect Friday night !!!! :)
Once was a great a place and has sadly turned to crap.Service was terrible,and was pretty much ignored the whole night.I normally come here at least 2 to 3 times a year.This time was was really bad.Me and my party were seated in an isolated section and ignored it wasn't till my fiancé spoke with manager.Worst service!!!!
Great place to take out your family, plus it has the most wonderfully staff. I has a party of 16 and they handles us easily.  Food was OMG great the manager is a good person... Joe the waiter was great He know how to make a large good of people feel like we are at home... Great job Joe!
Whew....i left texas de brazil about 90 minutes ago and i'm still stuffed!!!! OMG.....let me tell you....not my first rodeo at a brazillian steakhouse but man oh man this was a top notch experience!!!! First off the place is sexy....not romantic (it could be if not for all the loud new yorkers)....there is a difference....the place is so sexy i felt like eating buckid nekkid!!! The decor...the layout....very sexy. If you wanna make sure you have sex after dinner....take you lover here!!! The buffet before the carvers come out.....man listen....the jasmine rice, black beans, sushi.....we were stuffed before we turned up the green cards.....the meat....the different cuts of beef....the chicken wrapped in bacon....the beef and pork ribs (you better ask for them because we never saw them bring them around) were delish!!! The dessert (the mrs dessert was on the house for her bday) was great and my banana creme pie....the second best ive ever had (ode to bob evans). We had 7:45 reservations for a spot that had a 2 hr wait....i waited 20 extra mins....i wont complain. The service....our waiter casey or KC.....one of the best ive ever had....worth the tip!!! The bill two dinners, two signature brazillian cocktails and one dessert....$132 not including tip.....was it worth it....you bet my wifes ASS.....which im about to fondle in 10....9....8....7....6....5....4....3....2....bye!
Westchester has been in need of a good Brazilian restaurant for some time now.  These guys do meat right.  Gotta try the beef ribs, lamb chops Filet wrapped in bacon and the pacinha.  I wasnt a fan of the parmesan chicken or the flank steak.  The salad bar was good but could be better.  They have a lot of sides that help compliment the meat though.   The service is top notch and a pretty good bar as well
I have eaten here twice and on both occasions I have loved my experience there.  The food was incredible and the service was beyond great.  It's a beautiful place that everyone should experience and enjoy.
Churrsascaria is quite possibly my favorite type of meal there is. Endless meat, carved table side, with fantastic seasoning. Tres Leches cakes and flans. An unbelievable salad bar. And Texas De Brazil is the top of the line. Check out my full review, visit with the manager and tour of the extensive wine collection here... maurpowerfoodie.wordpres…
Wow, what an experience . If you ever decide to eat here, you must fast for a day and schedule an appointment with a personal trainer the next day. Expect to gain 5-10 pounds after dining here. The service is outstanding , the wine list extensive, and the food mouth watering, succulent and addictive. In addition to their extensive carnivorous delights,my hey actually have a huge salad and cheese bar. Although the salad and cheese bar gets 5stars alone, you've got to be insane to not save your belly for the meat. Hey, that's why you go there in the first place .
Normally this place can be great first time here was in Miami it was great. The one in westchester however different story on busy days this place is terrible food isn't seasoned correctly and the food takes really long. Last time we went their the waiter was really rude. On a slow day it's worth going to but a Friday night or Saturday night stay away go to plataforma instead in the NYC much better
Yonkers Ridge Hill does it again! Grabbing another fantastic restaurant! This place is as tasty as it it stylish!  The salad bar is a meal in itself, but then they  start bringing the meat. Cooked to your looking, the servers slice it right at the table. Everything was delicious. You just have to turn the card to red, before you explode. Dont forget to try the Sangria!
Enthralled with the idea of all you can red meat, picked up a groupon to this place and forgot about it.  The expiry date approached and we finally were able to make it.  Unfortunately, stupidly, ignorantly, we made the mistake of not making reservations in advance. And we were punished for it.  They went through two rounds of faces in the waiting area before finally seating us.  My fault for not making the reservation ultimately. I'm not a buffet fan and would not feel great about paying full price for the appetizer options.  Most of the choices were eh to ok.  The potatoes au gratin were the best of breed amongst the buffet selections. Who cares though?   You don't come here for anything else but push it to the limit, belt-loosening meat consumption.   It's glorious.   And made more glorious by the fact that the service was fantastic.  Our server checked in regularly and the meat handlers were just really nice guys working hard, doing a seemingly tough job. They kept bringing more and more meat, and returning with our favorite cuts. The manager came to the table and suggested yet another cut and seemed to really be attentive to the guests throughout the dining room. We couldn't handle dessert and I have to tell you when I got to the car I was not in good shape.  Sweating, barely breathing, in need of multiple bypass surgery, I felt like I had just endured a great culinary battle. Great, unique dining experience, everyone should try it.
MEAT MEAT MEAT, AND MORE MEAT! This place is awesome. But the only way to enjoy this place is to pace yourself so you leave enough room to enjoy all the different meats. Amazing!!
I was there last night with my wife. Excellent choice . Everything was perfect . First time there and I was impress .  Thanks to Lisa. My server she was very professional and helpfully. The food it's also very delicious I recommend the garlic sirloin.  But all was good. Salad buffet small but very good also.  Melvin  the manager was very on point. I saw him stop by all the tables around the restaurant to ask how was everything. I would recommend Texas of Brasil to everybody.  Restaurant it's pricy but will suggested to go for a special occasion. I went on Wednesday so there was no waiting. I guess on weekend will be different history. Thanks guys keep the good job.
Meat was good.  Salad bar was ok, considering the size of the salad bar in Orlando, Florida.  The salad bar in Orlando is three times bigger than this one.
Went here for my me and my boyfriend's anniversary and what can I say?  All the reviews are right!!!!  If your a meatlover then this is the spot to be!!!!  Everything was delicious, atmosphere was great, and service was excellent!!!!  Our main waiter was wonderful and kept us entertained.  The atmosphere had a very nice NYC vibe to it without the NYC crazyness.  My only advice:  COME HERE HUNGRY!!!!   Would definitely come here ... again and again....
A new all-you-can-eat Brazilian meat fest in Ridegehill? ..thank you, God.
We went to Texas De Brazil with a groupon for our first time last night and it was great fun. The food was very fresh and hot. I am glad I made reservations. I have been to our Brazilian streak houses and this is a real good one
The first time I went the experience was pretty good. They had just opened and I went for my Birthday and enjoyed it very much. I went during the week so it wasn't very busy and I think that's the reason I had a good time. Food was very good but pricey if you go with a non-meat eater. $30 bucks for just the salad bar seems like a lot of money. Their salad bar is okay, they advertise 50 different for the salad bar items but unless they are counting each ingredient I don't know where they got that number from.  The servers were very attentive and kept coming to my table even before I could finish what I had. Their selection was very good and they brought at least 13 different types of cuts. I was extremely happy with the service and everyone seemed very happy and asked me if everything was to my liking.  I left that place not being able to wait to go back.....boy i wish i didn't.... So fast forward to January I go back and I'm giddy like a school girl..we arrive and the place is pretty busy...I didn't think much of it as they seemed to have a TON of staff and the gauchos were all over the place. They seat us at the table farthest from everything, which I didn't think it would of been an issue but i was wrong. I waited about a good 15 min with my plate empty as i finished the food from the salad bar  till a gaucho even came to me asking me if if i wanted to house sirloin. I said sure and he cut me a piece off and went on his way. I finished the meat pretty quickly as I was starving and proceeded to wait another 10 min while i observed the gauchos running out of meat even before they were reaching my table. My waitress came over and asked me if everything was alright, and I explained that I would like to try some of the meats but they aren't coming over to my table. She immediately thought i did something wrong and asked if i had my meat indicator facing the correct way.  I said i haven't touched it and she said she would let them know. I wait another 10 or so minutes and now I guess a floor manager comes to me and asks if everything is alright. I explain the whole situation again and he says that he will let the gauchos know...The gaucho comes right over and asks me if i want some house sirloin.... I said sure as I would take pretty much anything right now...I wait about another 5 min or so and the gaucho finally gives me some sausage. Meanwhile a gaint party which had a table right next to me was getting gaucho service like they were vip. They were a group of maybe 15 and they seemed to be getting all the stuff. Chicken, Sausage, ribs, skirt, but by the time they finished the gauchos would turn around and go to the back because they had run out. So now I'm pretty annoyed, i've been there for 40 min and only received 3 pieces of meat, 2 of which were house sirloin. The floor manager apparently sees that i'm upset and comes over to me. I explain to him what I've been observing that it seems they are running out of meat before they get to my table and it's becoming annoying as I've been here for 40 min and received they same cut multiple times. He apologizes and says he is going to tell them to come to my table. The gaucho arrives visibly annoyed now and asks me if i want a piece of house sirloin.....are you kidding me....I explain that I don't want any of that and he gives me an attitude and says "are you waiting for something specifically. I tell him I'm actually waiting for anything other then house sirloin. Maybe some short ribs or skirt steak would be nice...he comes back with the most over cook piece of ribs I've ever seen. They looked like black crayola markers covered in bbq sauce. They were extremely well done.. I took 1 piece and that was it. We asked for the check and never came back. It was a shame because the first experience was so good and I really enjoyed myself. Honestly, spending over $100 and being ignored then given attitude as if i did something wrong or being difficult is not a way to make a customer happy. I'd stay away.
Okay.  Food's great, but the experience in Chicago is much better.  Choices are a little limited.
I love steaks, and love brazilian steakhouses.  I heard that they opened this place recently so I decided to go with some friends a few weeks ago. Place is very upscaled, we had to wait like 20 mins to be seated but not a big deal since we had some drinks in the meantime and also enviroment was pleasant. Meat is juicy, tasty, tender, fresh, and they make sure you always have food in your plate. try the fried bananas they offer, they are just out of this world. I also had a passion fruit caipirinha which was kind of too light but ok. I would totally recommend this place ..i am coming here soon for sure.
Awesome food!!!   Been to 8 brazilian churrascarias from Florida to NYC... This is by far one of the best. Tip #1- Make Reservations!!!!   We waited until the day of to call, and were stuck with a choice between a 5:30 or a 9 pm reservation, which actually. the 5:30 one worked out well for us.  After that, we called a two days ahead of time for a Tuesday night dinner and had pretty much our choice of seating times. Tip #2- Eat the perfectly cooked and seasoned bacon offered at the salad bar.  These are not bacon bits, nay nay, these are bacon strips.   Tip#3- Don't fill up on all of the sushi, green leafy stuff, or antipasto type offerings. Get a plate for rice, potatoes au gratin or black beans. Turn over the green/red disc thing and immediately, the meat comes...  Brazilan sausage- perfectly seared, Beef ribs that melt in your mouth, Flank steak, sirloin, filet mingion wrapped in bacon, baby lamb chops... these are a few of my favorite things... Hubby likes the pork tenderloin and chicken wrapped in bacon, Some just okay things are the parmesan crusted chicken and the BBQ pork ribs- IDK, they weren't bad, just rather have the amazing stuff above. Sodas are kinda expensive ($3-$4, no free refills).  But skip the coke or sprite and get the Guarana antartica.  Completely crisp and lightly sweet, it was amazing!!!  (We have a looooong drive to get to this place, so no alcohol for us)   This is our special treat restaurant... graduations, birthdays, anniversaries... it's expensive, but completely worth it.  (and then work off dinner by walking around the outdoor mall!)
My experience here wasn't the greatest. First, there was a bee in the waiting room. Second, they didn't clarify the pricing on the water -_-. Third, the Lobster Bisque had nothing in it, purely liquid. Lastly, the meat consistency wasn't good. Only our first pieces of Filet Mignon and Garlic Sirlion was medium rare and delicious. The other pieces were well done...felt like gum. The desert, which costs extra $9, was also poorly made (way to sweet). Other than that, the cheese bread, mash potatoes, and plantains was great. The service was exceptional.
First went to the Miami outpost and really enjoyed everything this chain was about. Great service, food was always on-point and never felt rushed, which is important in this type of place. I've been 3 times and will probably be going back very soon.
I went to Texas de Brazil for dinner two weeks ago. We went in a saturday night at about 9pm for a friends birthday. It was six of us and we had a lot of fun. They gave so many selections of meats. The beef rib and the steak was my favorite. My boyfriend loved the chicken wrapped in bacon. I loved the cinnamon covered plantains and the mashed potatoes for the table they were excellent! I would definitely go back.
I liked it. To expensive for a weekly event but nice for a special occasion .Good wine list. Service spotty and lacking training although a Manager wasn't far away keeping a watchful eye on our table. High quality food and nice lobby bar. Will return
What a pleasant surprise! We took our mothers for dinner and we all thoroughly enjoyed the whole experience. The food, service and atmosphere were excellent. Our waiter went above and beyond to make sure our every need was taken care of.  Would definately recommend for special occassion, a bit pricey, but worth it. Would not recommend for small children.
I'm not usually a fan of buffets, and even less of a fan of all you can eat because generally the quality is compromised due to the quantity, not here my friends!  Texas de Brazil is almost as good as Plataforma in the city and for less $$$ and parking isn't a hassle.  I've been here 5 times and went last night for HVRW and I will tell you that last night (a Monday night) was the best experience we've had here.  The food was better prepared than before.  The feijoada was amazing!  The chicken wrapped in bacon was so moist and the salad bar was exceptionally fresh.  Our server KC was very personable and attentive and the wine list was very eclectic.  We will be returning in a few weeks for my husbands bday (we got a $25 coupon for being on the mailing list and it being his bday) but I think I will only be having the salad bar as the desserts look banging but I'm always waaaaayyy too full to eat them and I want dessert.  This is a meat lovers paradise and I love my meat rare and they were able to accommodate me.  It's definitely worth the splurge, and I will always come on a weekday from now on as the food and service is definitely better on a slower night.
The meats are excellent.  I been here a couple of times. I gave it 4 stars because depending on where you are seated you might not get everything.  The waiters do ask if you want something in particular but if you did not experience all the meats you would not know to request it.  For example I read about the ribs after I came the first time but they did not offer it to me the first time.  I did ask for them the second time and was able to get them.  Desserts are excellent.
Went here tonight with my friend who was visiting from China. Used a groupon and the evening was great. There is one complaint that warrants why I  didnt give 5 stars. the idea behind a Brazillian Rodizio is to turn the disc green then get the meat and turn it back on red to eat slowly and savor each cut . then repeat this process with the next meat.for a leisurely enjoyable meal. Here however, they continue to bring meat even when the disc is  turned to red. and. I believe the reason is to fill you up with meat as quickly as possible to get you out quickly.also be aware that the cheaper meats come around much more frequently( ie the Parmasan chicken and sausages came around constantly. the lamb chops once)that aside.The food and service were great though. We had a back table and at first I was concerned we would be overlooked by the Gauchos due to our location. Boy was I wrong. Our server Joe was a great waiter. and 2 different managers stopped by during our meal to make sure everything was ok. The meats were delicious and the service is incredible. From the water glasses being never empty to the great waiter Joe and the best managers. I would recommend this place as the new " Best restaurant in Westchester""
Meat lover's delight! They could kick up the flavor a bit though. Overall, love the concept.
compared to other churrascaria their salad bar is not  well sorted, i will invite them to visit churrascaria in corona, long island to have an idea how to please customers.they have practically nothing in that salad bar and beside to have the meat you have to pay twice the price of the salad bar. that's outrageous! i will not go back there because i eat very little meat  and i will not pay $25 moe just to eat a chicken leg that look like a pigeon leg even if i take 3 of them it does not worth the money.
I have been to a number of Brazilian steak houses and I am never disappointed.  They have a fabulous salad bar with fresh olives, mozarella, salmon, tomatoes, soup, cous cous, shrimp, sushi, the list is too long to continue.  I almost filled up on the salad bar before the meat started to come out.  That would have been a mistake, because the meats are so tender and well seasoned.  Drinks are nice and strong and many options.  Desserts are huge and rich.  The food and service are great. The only down side of this particular restaurant is the parking is horrendous.  Ridge hill makes you pay for parking which i don't like.  It nearly impossible to find on the street parking so you have to park in a municipal lot.  Also these restaurants are pricey, but I think it is worth it.  Reservations are right on time, staff is very friendly and accomodating.  Definitely will be returning.  They don't open until 4 pm which I also don't like, it would be nice for a 12-2 lunch instead of eating such heavy food so late.
I went with a group for my girlfriends birthday. Everybody loved it! they have this Chocolate cake that you add 4 different kinds of Godiva liquor to. it was Heaven!!!
I went to Texas de Brazil last Saturday with a group of friends. It was one of my friends birthday and we really enjoyed it. They offered so many different meats. The beef rib and the steak were so good and juicy. I loved the plantains that were dipped in cinnamon, so great! The mashed potatoes were excellent too. Next time I just think we would go a little earlier we went at 9pm and I think we would have gotten a better selection if we went earlier.
Price per person is expensive but where else could you eat a large amount of beef?  Nice variety, service is good.  Got to try it once!!!
