You may past this place trying to find it!! But this place is awesome!! The guys working there are supper nice and make killer empanadas. It's def more a take out place though. My boyfriend and I got a half dozen, 3 each. We both ordered the spinach and feta which has great flavor. I got the beef and Colby & jack quesadilla. The beef was my favorite of all 3. My boyfriend also got the buffalo chicken and chicken and cheese. We also got a side of the hot sauce, buyer beware it is extremely spicy!! Cause of the awesomeness of yelp we also had free homemade tortilla chips which were light and crispy! This place is amazing and totally a hole in the walk spot. Do not pass this up!!
Big fan of the empanadas here. Totally worth stopping by if you are in the area. The empanada selections are great. Surely there will be a flavor to satisfy all different kinds of palates. The fillings definitely have a fresh and organic taste to them. They don't taste fake or ever-frozen. The dough crust is one of the best I've ever had. It is very flaky, light and not greasy. It certainly doesn't suffer from having an overly thick crust like most other empanadas I've had. My one very small gripe is that they don't have a salsa-type of sauce or normal hot sauce to offer with the empanadas. The sauce they do have is very tasty (and has a sneaky heat kick to it to boot) but I just wish they had a variety since I don't know if their sole hot sauce works with all the different flavors they have. I would definitely come back to this place if I'm ever in the area.
I ordered 3 trays of empanadas for a BBQ I attended the weekend of the 4th of July. I ordered the summer vegetable, chicken, & beef. THEY WERE AWESOME. The summer vegetable is especially great!
I have been looking for a place that ONLY sold empanadas and i found it! Luckily being a pescrtarian i was capable of having three types and a dessert empanada! i had the spinach & feta which honestly I've never had before and reminded me of a greek salad. It was very good. The pizza was good too, I've had these kinds before and they tend to put more sauce than cheese and the sauce drips out and makes a big mess. The 2cheese kind was good, but i wish the cheese was a bit hotter. It was melted but i think it should have been melted a little bit more. I did come an hour before it closed so maybe thats why? Either way, the empanadas were good. everything is made fresh daily and things are reasonably priced. The owner also told me he rotates flavours and kinds depending on what he makes. hopefully ill get to try a shrimp one! i love the dessert one, it was great and once again i wish the white chic chips were melted just a tiny more, but the flavour was good and it was a unique idea. Overall, id deff come back here. You can't find a place that has about 8 diff flavours of empanadas and ONLY sells that.
Had a French onion empanada today and I can honestly I never thought it would be so amazing. I would have a pizza empanada over a regular slice any day of the week. If you haven't checked this place out yet,  you're missing out.
Came here this afternoon after hearing about it from a coworker. I walked in and it seemed empty. Until an older man stepped out from the back and took my order. He was very friendly. Empanadas start at $3.00 a piece but the the price goes down as you get more. Went for 3 empanadas: chicken quesadilla, beef, and double cheese for $7.00. The double cheese was exactly as advertised. Melted cheese in a pocket of fried dough. The chicken quesadilla was better, stuffed with more chicken than colby jack cheese. The beef empanada was straight seasoned ground beef. It was absolutely stuffed, just like an empanada should be. But overall, the place is just OK. The prices are steep for an empanada and after spending 4 years of college in Hudson county, I know a million places off Kennedy Boulevard where I can get empanadas just like these for a dollar.
Awesome empanadas. Great selection!  The food very fresh. Brought these empanadas to a party and that were a hit!
I finally tried this place after passing it so many times. I tried the beef yesterday and they were very good, well seasoned not greasy at all. The house made hot sauce is spicy and tastes amazing, it doesn't overpower the empanada just compliments it well. Today I tried spicy pork, I wasn't too much of a fan, it wasn't really spicy, more on the sweet side but it wasn't bad at all. I also tried the quesadilla which was shredded chicken with colby & jack cheese that was good and I also tried the cheeseburger one, that was similar to the beef except they eliminate the mojo that they normally put into the beef and add the same two cheeses that the quesadilla  one has in it. I told my nephew about the place and he got two cheeseburger ones and enjoyed them as well. As far as the service the owner (I believe he was the owner) was very courteous and informative as to what they offer and how each day (or week) they offer a different flavor, he also warns you to try the hot sauce first before pouring it all on just to make sure it isn't too spicy for your palette. I also like the fact that they accept debit and credit card and they do catering, it would be great for small parties or get togethers. I can make these myself, but sometimes you want variety and don't feel like cooking.
Finally I got to try this place after hearing about it earlier this year. I shared a dozen empanadas - 2 of each of today's 6 flavors - all for $20 with 3 friends at dinner today. We halved all of them so the 4 of us could sample each flavor. We couldn't have enjoyed them more, as we were all new to this restaurant. Beef was up there as my top 2 - the ground beef was seasoned nicely and had just enough juiciness and fat. The other top 2 was quesadilla - shredded chicken with good aroma and flavor. The other 4 flavors today were pizza, spinach and feta, 2 cheese, and fajita. Personally I would order fajita and spinach and feta again. Overall the empanadas were nicely crisp, just enough dough, and not greasy. The chicken could be more juicy though. Complimentary house-made hot sauce coulda used more kick but otherwise was nice and didn't compete with the empanadas. In terms of service: from the start the owner was incredibly friendly and attentive - it's the details that made tonight's experience awesome. He promoted local events they were participating at too, so I'm definitely looking forward to them. As a super duper bonus today (cus we were cool customers), he even gave my friends and me free guava and feta dessert empanadas which weren't even on the menu, but rather were prepared earlier from a catering event. I love my desserts with some savoriness, and these were perfectly balanced for me. My friends prefered more sweetness, but I recommend anyone to try them. Really hoping this place grows and expands their menu, as after talking to the owner he comes across as truly loving food and being more than capable of creating exceptional and inventive flavors. As of now the menu is geared understandably towards highest demand since the business is relatively new, but I really would love to see more homages to Latin flavors and ingredients. Oh and staple dessert items. Oh Empanada Mania - I will return.
Delicious, fresh empanadas.  When you're craving them, this is the place to go.  The dough was light, crispy and not greasy.  My favorite was the cheese empanada.  Good customer service.  The kitchen staff was nice enough to 'map'  which empanada was, on the cover of the take-out container since I ordered 1/2 dozen.
Fantastic! Quick, tasty, cheap, friendly Get every type!
Delicious Empanada from tiny store in S Washington ave, Bergenfield. It took me some time to find this small store cause there were no signs like other regular stores. The owners are very nice and personable. I ordered dozen of mixed empanadas to go, it takes 10 mins to cook. They have small waiting area with chairs, small tables to eat and also nice cozy area for children's birthday party. Their service was very personal. From the entering the store until I leave, their services were great. She also did perfect drawing on to-go container for every flavor which makes it easier to choose. I thought that was really nice, not everyone does. Their empanadas are so good! Not greasy. I'm not a empanada lover but I finished half of them on the way home. They were all delicious. 'Pizza' was my favorite. It has homemade sauce with mozzarella cheese inside. 'Shepard pie' was my husband's favorite, 'Beef' was good also. '2 cheese' was full of cheese heaven in the mouth. 'Quesadilla' with hot sauce just made perfect combination, 'Buffalo chicken' was tangy and has nice kick. All of their empanadas are very light, crispy and full of fillings. I cannot wait their seasonal flavors and specials. They do caters, accommodate children's party.
If you love empanadas you have to try this place! It's a cute little place with friendly staff. Love how the menu goes through cycles every few days. When I went I had pizza, buffalo chicken, and Cuban empanadas. They were fried just right and came out quick. The price is very reasonable for what you get. I can't wait to go back and try different empanadas!
Deep in the thicket of Bergenfield, lies a tiny shop where golden empanadas of epicness are born. If you find it (next to the theater on Washington ave), you can reward yourself with various empanada flavor explosions. Get the buffalo chicken -- it has the biggest body of flavor. Stop reading this and just go.
Support your small businesses! The father-son duo kicks out some tasty empanadas. Beef empanadas are great. I like the chicken quesadilla with their homemade hot sauce. Buffalo chicken is too tangy for me. Can't wait to try more and looking forward to the seasonals. One thing I would love to see them do is have more variety with their crusts like they do at Raul's in Morristown. They cater too so I will definitely keep them in mind for the next party.
My Co-workers and I have been wanting to try this place for while but only got a chance to do so today. I took a ride down and bought Pizza, Buffalo Chicken, Chicken Quesadilla and the Beef and Onion. They make them fresh while you wait. It took less than 10 minutes from the time I ordered until I walked out. We cut them up and shared them between 3 of us. They were all delicious! The outside is crispy without being greasy. The inside is stuffed well. There are only a few small tables so it is best to take out.
This will be my shortest review to date. If you want Empanadas, you go to Empanada Mania and hammer some homemade Buffalo Chicken Empanadas with their amazing homemade hot sauce.
Delicious empanadas !   You have to try the beef, quesadilla, buffalo chicken and the pizza empanadas.  All were amazing! Great idea - sooo yummy!
I was working in the area and found this place on yelp. Honestly, I don't see the big deal and would not recommend this place. First, the name is definitely misleading - mania is just not appropriate. I walked in, saw a handful of empanadas in the board, and I'm thinking where are the rest? Menu please? Well, that is the menu, there's like 6 flavors only. I've been to several empanada places that have upwards of 40 flavors, that is mania, not this. That's my first gripe. So I order a half dozen, one of each. Food came out quick and fresh. The beef and cuban were good, I did enjoy those. The rest were a waste and a let down, just not flavorful. The shell is hot, crispy and delicious but the filling, like quesadilla, spinach and feta, etc, just aren't tasty. Then the really big disappointment, their house hot sauce. I live for trying different sauces, and the hotter the better. Despite the way it looked, it had some heat, but it tasted awful. I honestly felt like they dumped some cleaning chemicals nj by mistake. I even tried a 2nd and third bite with it to make sure I wasn't crazy, it was really that awful, and very runny. To boot the soda I got when I ate in was no cold. Just annoyed overall with this place, and I was expecting a lot considering the good yelp reviews. The place is small, but your in and out if your eating empanadas, and I was the only person there when I ordered. The owner is really nice, and is happy to tell you what they offer. Honestly, in a pinch, I would order the beef and cuban again if I was around, but I wouldn't make a point to recommend or hit this spot again. Plenty of better options out there.
I don't know what the big fuss about these empanadas are, I think they are just alright if that.  Growing up in Hudson County these empanadas are a dime a dozen in every bodega on Bergenline.  I can basically make these empanadas at my house for anyone, so overall they're not really that special. For the Bergenfield resident these might be unique, but for a person raised in a Latino community its just normal.
I cannot say enough great things about this place! If you like empanadas, Empanada Mania is where it's at. Fresh, tasty, and something for everyone - even non-meat eaters like me. I could easily inhale a whole dozen of the spinach-feta ones to myself. Go there on a Friday for some kick-ass ceviche made fresh. And don't forget the homemade hot sauce ;)
Great Empanadas at a great price.  Highly recommend if you're in the area and looking for a quick bite with some interesting twists.
Finally made it over here.  Delicious, fresh empanadas!  Got a dozen assorted, and though turkey w stuffing wasn't an authentic stuffing it sure was tasty!  If they end up with a truck I would seek it out anywhere.
Good empanadas.. But too pricey..
Simply great tasting food for a great price.  If you're in the area it's definitely worth a stop.  All empanadas are cooked to order and will take a few minutes to prepare and are worth the wait.  They rotate their selections so chances are they'll have a new flavor the next time you go.  They made a pumpkin spice with white chocolate dessert empanada the night we stopped by and it was simply delicious.
The owner's name is Galo. He's hard working young guy who keeps it simple withe just 4 types on the menu plus a special. I sit and talk to his Dad, also named Galo who tells me about his garden and the box turtle living in his yard for the last 15 years while young Galo prepares my order for take out. My family loves the chicken fajita, I prefer the Cubin (special). But they are all delicious. Buy them by the dozen and don't forget his special hot sauce. He also has a nice salsa that goes well with the chicken fajita. This is the kind of small business I like to support.
THE BEST EMPANADAS in my opinion! If you love empanadas, this is the place to go! We've discovered this little gem when my fiance was living in Bergenfield. I've tried all their empanadas and they're all amazing! The staff is so friendly, and the owner is awesome! He's always letting us try his new creations and so far we loved every single one of them! My favorite on the menu is the chicken quesadilla, and their dough is so light and crispy. Second favorite is the beef - i'm usually picky about how beefs are seasoned, and this one seems to top it off. I love it all! Since my fiance does not live in Bergenfield anymore, we've been craving for it and will try to stop by as much as we can. The prices are reasonable as well - half dozen for $10.99 or a dozen for $19.99. You can't go wrong, and it's a great food addition if you're going to a party. Oh and their newest addition, the CAKEPANDAS ARE BOMB!!! The red velvet is to do die for! Love it all, I'd go here all the time if we lived closer!!! I highly recommend this place if you have a party to go to, and need to bring food/potluck. They also do catering and will accommodate to almost any requests!
They only make empanadas, and the empanadas are delicious. I ordered three dozen for a party, and all of my guests raved. I've had the chicken fajita, beef, cheese, buffalo chicken, and pizza. Any one of those will not disappoint.  I don't know too much about regional empanadas, or authenticity, I just know how these taste... and they are delightfully sinful.
Tasty, fresh, not overly greasy, made to order empanadas. Homemade hot sauce add some zing & freshness. Service was great, bathroom clean. Will definitely go back. My favorites: Buffalo & Pizza.
Let me update my review. I came back during the winter break and the Empanada's  are just as good. They are busier as more people have found out about the place word of mouth is powerful thing. So is Yelp! Check In and get your FREE NACHOS. Nachos Libre! Or is that Gratis? Whatever. Say what up to Galo. I got Empanadas here then went to go watch the movie the Guilt Trip that was the last night of my last Jersey trip and what a way to end a great trip back. YELP ALERT! Try the pizza one its so amazing.
Very nice owner, not fancy but you can definitely sit comfortably with a friend or two. Very fresh and tasty and have a lot of meat! Oh and the hot sauce is good also!
I bought 6 dozen empenadas, 3 dozen cheese, 3 dozen chicken and cheese for a very large party. Our guests were diving for them, I wish I had a chance to try. They tell me they were wonderful and beautifully rolled. The owner was lovely to speak to .. I will definitely be back for more... This time I will hide them for me :)
It's all they sell, it's their specialty and yes they do it right. Delicious empanadas. Their hot sauce is HOT SAUCE. they don't mess around. It's the kind you would get in South America. They're fried when you order them so when you see the empanadas and smell its deliciousness, be patient and wait a little, otherwise you'll burn your tongue.
The empanadas are definitely fresh. Lovely thin crust with a nice amount of meat. The empanadas are small, but delicious. I tried the beef and buffalo chicken and preferred the beef. $2.50 a pop and good for takeout.
Went to this place based on Yelp reviews; it's sort of easy to miss because the sign is not very big or "loud".  Like everyone had mentioned, the empanadas are flavorful and not greasy.  The buffalo chicken and beef especially stood out.  Three empanadas plus soda were $7.48 (with tax).  I can't wait to try to ceviche!
Wow, these empanadas were awesome.  My company catered from this place and the owner delivered into Manhattan (judging by the pics he uploaded on Facebook, I wonder if he stuffed them all on his bookbag and took the PATH train!). I tried the beef, cheese, spinach and feta and the sausage and peppers empanadas.  All were flavorful and not greasy at all.  I thought it was baked at first until I looked up the place and saw that it was made fresh and fried.  I wanted to try the buffalo chicken one, but that one got cleaned out pretty quick by hungry coworkers! Thumbs up on the empanadas and thumbs up for catering to NYC!
Fresh and yummy.  A delicious authentic empanada. Owner is great and very accommodating. They even cater and make empanadas to order.
OMG the first thing i thought when i bite into the beef empanada was fresh. Absolutely fresh. I had to got some empanadas for my son school.  Checked out yelp to see where I could get some good tasting empanadas.  My yelp peeps did not let me down.  Purchased a dozen for his school and took some home for the family.  Everyone simply loved them.
I never leave this place without at least a dozen empanadas. The beef variety is definitely their standard bearer but their other selections are equally impressive. They might not have a menu as long as Empanada Mama in Hell's Kitchen but every item is stellar, from the buffalo chicken to the cuban. My favorite is their exclusive summer flavor: Summer Veg. Don't leave the store without their signature hot sauce which the owner, Galo (or his father depending on who you ask), makes himself.  They also make custom orders if you call a day ahead.
Galo -the store owner was very helpful and welcoming! The empanadas are DELICIOUS! We.tried the beef, buffalo chicken and quesadilla which were all good. Def filled with a good portion of meat and are freshly made. Don't forget the shrimp ceviche- so good my boyfriend was trying to drink up all the sauce. :-)  Give it a shot, you can't be dissapointed and tell your friends!
Best Empanadas in the Tri State area!  Owner personally delivered a large order to BROOKLYN.  Now thats service!  Great empanadas, innovative fillings, awesome prices.
Spinach empanadas very delicious. Chicken quesadilla very tasty would recommend for sure.
Delicious! Tiny store tucked away on Washington Ave in Bergenfield, with a very friendly staff and really fresh empanadas. I liked the somewhat wacky selection of empanadas they had too, like buffalo chicken, pizza, and teriyaki. Would definitely come back again!
Very very good. The empanada's are the best I have had ever! Great service the owner is very nice and friendly! Two thumbs up!
This is comfort food at its best. The empanadas were fresh, full of flavor and not greasy at all. I had the buffalo chicken and beef empanadas. The place is nothing to look at but the food is worth the tip. Not a date spot but a good stop in when the two of you are in the area and want something quick and delicious. I hope this place dos well for a long time. The young owner has a great personality and you can see he really is trying hard to offer a great product. It is owners like him that should go far in a perfect world. The lunch special was $5 for two empanadas and a drink. The best deal in town.
Delicious empanadas - full of good quality ingredients.  I had the buffalo chicken which is delicious and not too spicy and very flavorful with lots of white meat chicken.  I also had the ground beef which had onions and olives - delicious.  It's very casual and I took a half dozen to go.  Not greasy and very light.  I will definitely be back.
Quickly became one of my favorite spots for Friday night takeout. The pizza empanadas are my favorite, but I haven't had a dud yet. They make great chips and salsa, too.
I have been to this location twice now.  The owner is very friendly and personable.  The empanadas are out of this world yummy - very light but crisp crust, stuffed with filling and with no signs of grease.  Keep in mind, these are cooked to order!!! I would gladly go back and get at least one in every flavor.  Plus, his homemade hot sauce is AWESOME!   There are tables in house to eat OR you can carry out.  They reheat perfectly. I highly recommend the food.
2/21/12    I'm in LUV with the buffalo chicken!  seasoned to perfection!  not too hot just right!  On the other hand I also got the beef and i have to say....ahh, i make them way better.  My suggestion would be to work on more sofrito for the beef.  With all that being said, i will be back to try other choices that tempted my taste buds. Nicole Paterson, NJ
Great Empanadas, tried 3 different types and they were all Delicious.
The ingredients are fresh...your empanadas are cooked when ordered so they are nice and hot...the owner is cool!  I played myself the 1st time I went here because I only brought home 1/2 a dozen(they were gone in seconds and everyone wanted more).  Grab a dozen of these bad boys...you won't be sorry!
The best Empanadas in the area. I generally get the buffalo chicken, and it's absolutely delicious. They make them fresh for you, and the owner is super friendly. I think they cater too. Highly recommend this place.
The empanadas are fantastic.  I highly recommend having either the beef or buffalo chicken for lunch and the sausage egg and cheese for breakfast.  They have great flavor and are made fresh daily.  The prices are very reasonable and I will definitely be going back soon.
Great empanada's! Just tried Empanada Mania for the first time and I'll definitely be back for more.
This is a great place to eat empanadas. Personally, my favorite is the beef Empanada, and it was the first one I tasted when I went there for the first time. Its still my favorite. They have a wide menu made for all types of customers, a great and personal customer service and good quality in their products. And this is coming from a person who has tasted a lot of empanadas over her life. I come from a country where they are very popular. This place is, by far, the best place where I have tried them. I truly recommend it to people who are looking fresh, different and tasty food.
these empanadas are amazing!!
