This place is amazing! It's a spit fired Brazilian BBQ, where everything is served by the pound. The meat is very salty but extremely delicious! For 3 people with beers, sides and way too much delicious meat it cost just over $50, not a bad deal.
Maybe I should hold off writing a review till I've tried the BBQ but I want to put the good word out there and will update once I get the BBQ. A nice place to get some casual lunch - buffet by the pound. There was just enough variety to try and at a v reasonable price. People who work there were friendly, so were the locals who come to eat there.
Discovered this place through the awesome yelp reviews. In a decent residential area in Mount Vernon... Very limited lot parking,  so you'll likely need to search the local stress for parking. First impressions,  a bit confusing on what to do.. If we should wait to be seated or just grab a seat and a plate? Finally notice a small sign on the front of the buffet line with a sort of explanation. The place itself is small and cozy,  maybe can squeeze in 25 ppl total. They have bottled soda,  juice,  beer and some fresh made juices in the back. You start on the buffet and grab your items, I recommend the picadillo (ground meat with peas and peppers and onions),  also the grilled chicken is surprisingly moist,  yellow rice,  and whatever else looks good that day. From the meat station,  everything I tried was solid. Including the beef ribs,  skirt steak,  pork ribs,  pork sausage... The bacon wrapped chicken looked a bit dry so I stayed away. The beef was all a perfect medium,  and all the meat was juicy and flavorful. It was seasoned lightly,  and I'd highly recommend getting those tiny red peppers that are stationed near the meat section,  as they add a perfect spicy and vinegary touch to the meat. For 3 of us,  with sodas for each and plenty of food,  the total was about $35-40.  A steal for great Brazilian BBQ. I'll never return to Texas De Brazil or any of the chain spots. Pro tip : even if you just want meat from the Grill, add a few items from the buffet line because they charge that at a lower price (9.99 for meat+buffet instead of 12.99 for meat only)
A lively place with good brazilian bbq at an excellent price. It's a neighborhood joint, bustling and noisy and walk-in-off-the-street casual. I came late in the evening, and there was a band and a noisy crowd seated outside. Inside there were several tables with available seating. At first glance the neighborhood seemed a bit sketchy, but that was a first impression that passed quickly. I've been to the high-end churrascaria places, and it's definitely not on par with those, in terms of the quality of the meats or the preparation, or the buffet selection. What I mean by that is that the chicken was relatively dry, some of meat was tough or gristly, and some of the meat was *excessively* salty. That said, the chicken wrapped in bacon tasted very good, and the steak (when not excessively salty) was very tasty. The buffet has a small variety of hot foods and cold foods, plus a couple of stewed meat dishes that looked and smelled tasty but I didn't try. Both the roasted potatoes and the greens were cooked nicely but were completely lacking seasoning; the yellow rice with vegetables was also under-seasoned and slightly undercooked. Given the saltiness of the meat, however, it all balances out (if you're like me and don't mind mixing your foods) We also got a flan and a tiramisu, both of which were good. As other reviewers have noted, how this place works is you just go help yourself to the buffet with the takeout containers above the bar, visit the meat cutting station with another tray and ask for what you want. When asking for help, a worker there seemed surprised or confused when I looked at the buffet and asked "so how does this work?" but the meat cutting guy intervened and helped me out... he was very friendly and got me taken care of. What you can't beat is the price. I took enough meat for 3 people, and a few servings of buffet items, and spent barely over $30.  Given that you can spend that much at a cheap chain burger place, and a lot more at a chain restaurant, I'd much rather come here. All things considered, without comparing this place to a higher end dining establishment, I'd say based on the food alone it's a solid 3-star establishment. However given the incredible value of what you're getting, generous portions of tasty meat, I'm comfortable giving it a solid 4. Knowing exactly what I'm getting, I'd happily come back. Enjoy!
Place is great for their bbqs.  Packed for the World Cup. Bring a chair!!!  Always entertaining.
ahhh chalanas.. sunday afternoon hungry as SH!TTT. drove by and saw Brazilian BBQ on the sign, automatically stopped and looked for parking around the area. Waked in and nobody took care of us, but i guess thats how this laid back place is. picked up a plate, added food and moved over to the churrasqueria part of the restaurant. Got 3 cuts of meat and the churrasco was the least tasking one. Not bad but i had better at other places. NOw the pork sausage and the steak (palomilla) is one of the best i had. after paying we got to pick our place to sit. it looks like a home bbq instead of a rest. we ordered a few Brazilian rinks and beer and stayed for 3 hours :) i definetly liked the place. not pricey and not fancy but homelike and delicious.
Good food and everything, but I can't say it's bed. Evening hours of 5-6 are best because they start putting fresh meat to grill. Also met a friend of mine and my cousin from Brazil, so I guess that's good. Best Brazilian restaurant in town. Siminhos (USA Brazilian) restaurant has dry meat that can be a hassle to chew. They have outdoor seating with native hits playing from Brazil. The prices are a bit expensive though-$10 a pound of meat and $7 a pound of buffet. If you intend to eat a lot of food, it would be better to head to Tres Chaves at Orchard Street in Yonkers. Any questions, do not hesitate to ask.
The food is very good e cheap, so it's perfect for a casual lunch or weekday dinner.. I'm not crazy about the place itself (small parking lot, small diner, sometimes crowded) but I'd recommend the food to any BBQ lover.
Very tasty food, paid by weight. The place is small, but the BBQ has a very authentic Brazilian taste, worth the visit!
Awesome place for the price - little Brazil in Westchester. Great place to hang on a Sunday. Great meat, okay sides, good music and beer on tap.
First walked in, didnt expect much especially how simple it looked but after one bite of the sir loin they were grillin there on the rotisserie, i was hooked... great atmosphere great variety of food, not only great meat but a lot of veggies to choose and everything was cheap! Like Mcdonalds prices.. most importantly, everything is fresh .. Brought a few friends there, they wernt turned off but wernt turned on either from first impression, i had my friend try a piece of the steak, he first didnt want it, i forced it on him and his facial expressions turned from yuck to wow this steak is slammin.. its our sunday spot now... try the caparinha!!
Chalanas has really great Brazilian BBQ. The salad bar has fresh vegetables and in the warmers they have really yummy fish dishes and beans and rice. This place had only locals, but a ton of them! I took it as a good sign. I was not disappointed. Ahhh, the best part was the BBQ, they have delicious skirt steak and garlic sirloin. My husband and I gorged ourselves for only $18! They just take your plate and weigh it, and that is what you pay. None of that pay $30 and flip your card to green or red. I would highly recommend this place for a casual dinner or lunch. It's nothing fancy but the food is fantastic.
Very good Brazilian food! I like the buffet they have, you pick what and how much of everything you want.  Decent place to sit in and eat but it can get crowded quickly especially if there are families there.   They oddly enough have phone cards and candy bars at the cashout.  Convenient, divey maybe but I don't care.  The food is home style, stick to your ribs and made well.  'Nough said.
OMG, we are in love with the grill! So tasty and pretty inexpensive- just be prepared for a tiny, no frills, self-service spot. The caipirinhas were really good too :-)
The place is small and the parking lot even smaller, but the food is amazing.  Great grilled meats and the buffet sides are also very good.  I found the meat a little salty, but I like to take it to go and eat it with a large salad.
Went with wife and our daughter who attends Sarah Lawrence College. Opted out of the hyper-expensive restaurants of Bronxville and settled on Brazilian cuisine for lunch. Believe it or not, asked iPhone Siri for Brazilian Restaurants and she came up with a few. Because of our close proximity at the moment, we chose Chalanas. We're from Hawai'i so we used our rented car GPS to find the location (funny huh? All these female gender-gadgets getting us around NY...). Anyway, we finally find the place and are a little hesitant, as it didn't look like what we expected (never ever assume...). Small parking lot, small diner. Wife says "I don't know dear". But I'm not in the mood to go on another food hunt, so we go in. Small place, and unlike the other reviews, not crowded so we must have come between the busy times. Bottom line, the food was excellent! My wife and I are not red-meat eaters so we settled on the chicken, salads, black beans, yellow rice and a couple of beers. It was a hearty fulfilling, tasty meal for all three of us, and along with three beers, the total cost came to $22.80. The help was friendly (in Hawai'i we would say that they had a lot of "Aloha"). When I went to pay the cashier, I gave him a credit card and my Hawai'i drivers license as ID. He looked at it and asked "you're from Hawai'i?" After acknowledging that I was, he asked "do you surf?". I said yes again. Then I told him that there are a lot of Brazilians moving to Hawai'i, which surprised him, and in the town that I'm from (Kailua) there is a Brazilian Bikini Shop. He laughed. Lastly I told him that their food was excellent, and that a restaurant just like theirs would be a money-making hit in my hometown. I wasn't kidding... we have great restaurants here, and Chalanas would make a great addition to our beach side community. Loved it. Plan to go back the next time we visit the daughter : )
I agree wholeheartedly.  Last summer '09, walked in with a friend to check it out and he was ...eh..don't want to eat here...was weirded out by the simpleness of it. Last weekend, on a great sunny late afternoon...went with another friend and thought we'd check it out.  Lots of locals hanging out side having their beers.  Went inside and was the same as last year with small buffet...but then this time I took notice of the flame cooking meats and such opposite.   The service was ultra friendly, explained that it is by weight.  And we didn't ask how much cuz we felt unsure how the place worked.  The manager(?) brought over a couple beers and we picked some stuff from the buffet and moved to the meats where we asked what everything was and the guy sliced off whatever we chose onto our plates...we chose the chicken sausage, bacon wrapped chicken, the skirt steak and something else I dont' recall.    Weighed the food and it came to $10 total for my plate and the beer!   And I tell ya, I try not to eat much meat these days, but darn it if I tell ya..the skirt steak was soooo delicious!  As was everything!  This will be a regular place from now on!  Can't wait to go back. Don't let appearances mislead you.
This place is great and cheap.  The rub they use is very salty, so be aware of that, but it's really outstanding.  Parking lot is very small.
LOVE this place. i get cravings for brazilian so much now. the meat is delicious, however, sometimes it is too overcooked for my taste. however, the flavor is awesome. the rice and beans and the sides are perfect and its a very chill atmosphere. great for takeout specifically. Needs a bigger parking lot though, however, street parking is not a huge issue if you go on the side streets.
It's just great Brazilian BBQ at a great price period! Everything is good here and the atmosphere is friendly!
The best rotisserie Brazilian sirloin, skirt steaks and chicken hearts in New York, hands down
this place is the best BBQ ever, the ribs are out of this world, and the pork sausage too. it is like going to Brazil, the real Brazil, means good food, and the most friendly people. i took a lot of people, and everybody Like it. How i found this place? after a soccer game some Brazilian friends invited us with some beers, and then i smell the Meat., i forgot who won the match, but never forget Chalanas
