Pretty cool spot! I have been here many times with my friends on different occasions. I will talk about my first time brunching here. The service for brunch was okay, as far as my waitress and food. Although very good, the portions were very small, I mean I'm all for reasonable portions, but not that tiny. The customer service could be better, this is the only issue with this place. The drinks are fabulous! I have no complaints with the owners, the bartenders, and the drinks. Must try the guava mimosas and the sangria, to die for! I would recommend coming here, just to hangout and chill. It's a great place for a nice atmosphere, enticing art all over the place, and the ambiance, serves for a perfect cozy spot in Washington Heights! I'm a fan, the owners have many cool events and are present in social media.
Not sure how to sum up the experience here except to say that it was not what I expected. A few friends and I stopped by to have a bit to eat and grab a beer.  We went in around 7:30 and found the place completely empty aside from two bartenders and a dj.  There are no real tables where you could sit down comfortably to eat.  The beer selection is extremely limited and they have no drafts.  They have drink specials, but the mojito special I got was a far cry from what I would expected. The one bright spot here was the food.  The food we ordered ended up surprising us at how tasty it was.  We all consumed it pretty fast, but (and here's the issue) the food we had all seemed like things we could have made on our own just as easily.  When you go out to a place to eat, you def don't want to feel like you could of done this at home in your kitchen with little to no effort and maybe even a bit better. Still not sure how to feel about APT 78.  It's not a place I would go for a beer or for food.  I wouldn't go there when it's more crowded (if indeed it does get more crowded).  I would want to go there with a friend to relax a bit and lounge, but that's a difficult proposition without better drinks.
Ask what you are eating.   I ordered the grade A beef sliders with avocado.  They ran out and substituted the pork sliders instead.  They did not ask me.  I asked for the avocado, and then they said that they ran out of that.  Only afterwards did I learn that it was pork. The music was good.  The crowd didn't really dance.  They took tons of photos of each other.
I found this place on Yelp, and decided that to go based on all the other reviews describing good music, and great drinks, but  APT 78 lacked in both of those areas on the night I went. The actual space is small and cozy. When you walk in there are some tables and chairs to the right, bar to left, and bathrooms straight to the back. My friend and I headed straight to the bar to make use of the Yelp check-in and get some shots. I made a mistake by insisting on getting the "rainbow" shot because it really didn't do anything for me (except add calories). We heard that there was supposed to be a live DJ, but that never actually happened. There was DJ booth set up by the doors, so when the asked the waitress if there was in fact going to be a DJ she said "Yes, but he's running late tonight." We tried to wait it out, but we didn't realize that by late she meant more than an hour or so. Eventually, we got so tired of waiting (and so hungry) that we decided to order some food, and then called it a night. The food, although it sounds amazing on the menu, was nothing special just like the drinks. We had sliders, empanadas, and fries, and did they do the job? Sure. But I guess I just expected more. On a good note, it was all pretty cheap. lastly, the dress code is very questionable in the place. When my friends and I arrived it was still pretty early in the night, but everyone was dressed casually. But around 11ish alot more heels and dresses started entering. I guess they were under the impression that was going to be a DJ too.
I have been here on two occasions, both on a Saturday evening. Atmosphere: Young and hip crowd.  Place is small and can get quite crowded. Service: The bartenders were friendly but it's sometimes difficult to get their attention. Drinks are a little on the expensive side; $10 for a glass of sangria. Music: Quite good, a mix of top 40, Latin and old school. Overall this is a cool spot if you're looking for something in the heights. Hopefully I will get to try their brunch one day.
Drinks are a bit expensive, the walls have artistic paintings, the crowd used to be good but now a bunch of hood people be in there, the snacks are top of the line hats off to the chef !
One word, horrible. I live in the neighborhood, but visited for my first time today. I went for brunch with 3 other people. The first warning sign was when we first entered the restaurant we waited at the entrance to be seated. The waitress at the bar gave us a very dirty look and signaled us to her. Not once thinking it was appropriate to greet the guest. There were no tables available inside so we opted to sit outside. We were given menus, orders taken and drinks were brought to us. While waiting for our meals a bird pooped on my friend. We asked the waitress if they had any open tables inside. She said no, and said that was the risk we took to sit outside. At that point I reminded her that she didn't offer us another option. It never occurred to her to offer more napkins or apologize. Eventually our meals were brought to us. We all ordered the steak and eggs brunch option. The portions were pitiful. It appeared to be one steak split four ways. What's more, I asked for over easy eggs. They were brought sunny side up and RAW. I mentioned this to the waitress who proceeded to ARGUE with me that this is what I ordered. I told her, no one orders RAW eggs. I don't know in what restaurant, home kitchen or even campground this would ever be acceptable. The only good thing about this meal is that I asked them to cancel my order and remove it from the check, which they did. So I had free mimosas. I feel awful for my friends who spent $75 for a strip of steak and raw eggs. I truly wish I would have gotten the two waitresses names to single them out. Note to management: The waitresses working August 17, 2014 during the brunch service were the rudest I have ever experienced. You will absolutely lose business. The other dining patrons noticed the service we received and even had their own complaints. The tables next to us were horrified with our eggs and was happy to see that I sent mine back. I will never return and will dissuade others from going.
Service was super friendly and attentive even though we were here on a kind of off hour, like geriatric dinner time. The drinks were strong. Small happy hr margaritas for $7 hit the spot on a sunny day. Outdoor tall bar stool seating. The food was kindof iffy though. The chicken sandwich was waxy and pretty gross. I tossed it after a few bites and munched on the mcdonalds fries that it came with. Not quality but crack-like for sure. And the bruschetta was waxy Duane reade brand mozzarella on like Melba toast. Newp. The empanadas though! Oh just get those! They were so awesome we ditched the other food and ordered another plate (came with different sauces each time. Hmm) so yeah. Stick to those and you'll be good to go.
This place is what the neighborhood needs. A lounge like atmosphere with an owner who cares. I have been several times and will continue to visit.
Fun place to enjoy a drink and hang out but far from a culinary experience. Service could be better. Bartender was super slow and messed up our food order. He actually made the million-to-one mistake of giving me something I was allergic to. The next person had enough personality to make up for the problems of the first. Owner has done a monumental job making the place relevant. It's always hosting fun events. Three stars, but only for the "cool" factor. Eat first, then head over.
Brunch was ok I enjoyed more the atmosphere more then the food. Very chill on Sundays had a great play list of old school r&b and wasn't so loud I was still able to talk to my friends with screaming lol I've heard other night is can get really loud but I would come back to check things out.
First time I came here last week I thought it was odd that the bouncer let 6 couples in front of me with even a hello, however asked for my ID and my credit card as back up. Then went on to ask me What am i doing in this neighborhood?  (My ID is a long island town). Whatever, shrugged it off and enjoyed the overpriced drinks and left. Now this weekend me and friends swing by as we were invited by the people throwing an event at this space. Once again, he lets the people (4males, 3 females) on line in, then as I continue to wait and i'm up next he says, "Oh its couples only."  Ok i'm with my lady friend she was inside, she comes outside and waits on line with me to go in. He then says "Ladies only" as he continued to let people in with no reason or explanation. I get it and been to clubs before, bouncers don't need to give an explanation out. But at this point its beyond coincidence. The one thing about me that was different from all the people in front and behind me that he let in? I am a Caucasian male while everyone in front was of some Latin or african american background. These are my friends too but for some reason the bouncer is getting off on not letting whites in? I don't get it.  I stood and watched him turn away 5 white males while letting every "urban" type in. My money is green. I thought that's all that matters. Guess not at this trash hole. Never again.
Came here on Sunday to experience brunch for the first time. I came with a group of 9 and we were given 3 menus to look at amongst ourselves. I found that odd for a place that has been serving brunch for awhile. The music is always great at Apt 78. The unlimited mimosas consisted of orange and guava, which were both on point. They were sweet on flavor and definitely crept up on me later on. As the appetizer, I had the maduros with chorizo, which were just ok. I wasn't crazy with the taste. As an entree, I had the steak and eggs. The steak was good but my eggs were a little salty for my liking. Overall, the atmosphere and drinks were ok. The menu could use more of a variety and the service could of been more consistent. For a large group, it took awhile for the waiters to come back around.
Heard about this place from a friend who has raved endlessly about it. I went in, they have live jazz on Wednesdays, which is really soothing and laid back. Love the environment. It's very cozy, classy, and mellow yet inviting.   The food is delicious. Try the bacon wrapped shrimp or the fernandito Villalona sliders.( yes thats the name ) this is a great happy hr spot. The service was superb. Very attentive and friendly, very helpful.
I was there for the first time last night and had a blast! The music was great, the dj was cool as hell, and the crowd was very diverse, cool and classy (including the bouncer/bartenders who were having a great time themselves).   Music last night (Saturday): mostly hip hop with some reggae, top 40 and dance mixed in. Check their website. It's kind of small so it's perfect for a small group of girls night out or even a date. Pretty low key...you can wear jeans or dress up, no one cares (just as long as you dress classy). I'll def be returning here!
The food is always delicious, the music is always on point, and the vibe is always chill. I love me some Apt. 78!
I am currently here and as i write this review I must say I do not wish to return. Our waitress for some reason did not want to refill our glass nor provide us with guava drinks. The service was not good quite slow and dismissive.  The food tasted frozen and was not flavorful.  This review was for brunch. The chicken and waffles which I ordered originally were returned because of chicken and wings it looked like a frozen meal. The chicken wings in the description of the meal were really chicken strips which tasted frozen and looked unappetizing.  The only good items on the menu were the maduro hash and guava mimosa.
First off, I will say that I have been to APT 78 numerous times, mainly for their lounge/early dinner and special events. This one star is solely based on their Brunch. My sister, brother-in-law and I came here for a quick father's day Brunch Sunday afternoon. We seated ourselves. The air conditioning was uncomfortably cold as hell. No one acknowledged us at all for about 13 minutes. It was one waitress and a bartender. The place wasn't even that full so I really don't know why the service was so slow. The waitress comes and writes down our order when she brings our drinks. 30 minutes later and no appetizer. I asked the waitress about them and she brings them out shortly after. It takes another 15 minutes for our entrees to arrive. I got the steak and eggs but I ordered chicken and waffles.. It was only three of us! How do you fuck that up? I couldn't even send the food back because we were starving at this point. The $20 Brunch special was not bad at all, but what you save in cash you pay for with time. We were there easily for 2.5 hours. This place is trending because it is dope as a lounge, but they need to get their shit together for brunch. All they really need is a busboy, and a competent server, the waitress they had on the floor was not the brightest light in the warehouse. DO NOT GO HERE FOR BRUNCH.
The one and only spot I frequent in Washington  Heights. The food is amazing, the music is trendy and the DJs rotate from Nina Sky to DJ Ignishun, to Pam Jones. There's art on the walls, art from local artist who get to display their work for the community. Apt 78 is also an avid supported of the community and the arts. Its definitely my 1st choice.
With Questlove DJing, it had us feeling like it was a Friday night instead of a Wednesday night. We got here minutes before 8pm and was just in time to grab seats before the crowds swarmed in. I love the decor, its very chic and a bit uptown hipsterish. There was a painting on the wall, "Defend Uptown", and I thought it was cool. It's not a big space s it surprised me how many people could pack inside. Our hostesses, yes we had two, were very nice and suggested the Cajun wrap and the chicken wrap which were both delicious. I suggest ordering the sangria, its $10 for a glass and $40 for a pitcher. With a Yelp check-in you get a free shot of something yummy that the bartenders will whip up for you. They always have guest DJs and things going on so hit up there site to see the schedule. I heard good things about the brunch so I will be back to try that out.
Was here on wednesday for Jazz. Shrimp skewers and fernandito sliders where perfect! Sangria was one of my best! Bar tender Daniel was cool af. Returned today for brunch with my family. My daughter ate for free, as we all varied from maduro hash, pancakes, steak and eggs, grilled cheese, and unlimited mimosas. Everything was delicious. The mimosas where perfectly mixed unlike some places that give u all juice with a splash of champagne. The girl who was serving us was awesome! Left a 30% tip. Definetely coming back here!!!
One of my favorite places in the neighborhood. Good vibes, good music, the best tasting sangria you will find uptown. Great people frequent Apt 78 like myself ; ) and the art displayed on the walls always makes you want to come check what's new. Sunday brunch is lovely (guavamosas are so yummy) the only con is that seating is uncomfortable to eat.   Also I wish the bathrooms were nicer ( I'm OCD when it comes to public restrooms but then again key word "public") To sum it all up this is def a place to have a blast with your friends, co workers, family etc and the staff is amazing especially Karina, she's like a jack of all trades
Awesome lounge/bar Perfect for a get together with friends. Delicious Sangria Great staff very attentive The DJ played rockin music Affordable. I will be returning soon!
Apt 78. Cool name for a lounge spot, right? And walking in it kinda has a lofty feel. I was feeling it last Friday night. wait... that is, after the dude at the door roars "HAT!" at me as soon as i walk in.* i mean, calmate, i just stepped in and it's snowing out there. so i take off my hat, and thankfully i didn't switch from kicks to tims (i thought we were going to Locksmith; too crowded) because that was the next thing angry-door-man was inspecting. i was surprised he didn't pat me down next. i think i even raised my arms to prepare for it, but no pat down. i showed my ID next and i was in. there were a lotta good looking people here, and no one wildin' the fuqout; nice. and then i saw the girl i was there for - mmh, i can't clearly express what a beautiful vision she is every time i see her. ::counts blessings:: so anyway, i go over, holler at her brother and his girl (mad nice people) and take a seat. I like to sit back and observe the spot: love how the bar is set up to one side, then wraps around with bar stools, with a nice open space all the way around, and small couches w/ coffee tables and chairs along the wall opposite the bar. two bathrooms in the back which were decent enough. this place is good to go. i'm surprised this wasn't the overcrowded spot as opposed to next door. ::counts blessings again:: so her brother asks if i'd like a drink, and we get long island iced teas (of course.) i hate when places use coke instead of sour mix - but Apt 78 does it right - and makes a pretty good long island. if my hat wasn't already off, i'd tip it. the music was fairly decent here; hiphop with a bit of R&B, definitely not overwhelmingly "top 40" which i appreciate, but a lot of Biggie - not so much i got sick of it though, and not the stuff you always hear from Biggie either. My mind wasn't blown by the music selection but it was decent, and i'm picky. i could still easily chill here and really enjoy myself.   *apparently not all hats are banned, because there was this dude that looked like if Common and Drake had a baby after some make up sex, wearing one of those Common-type joints, and that seemed to be okay. don't step in wearing a baseball hat to the back though; you don't wanna see door man angry! lulz
Ok atmosphere. But honestly Sunday brunch sucks hour and half between appetizer and food. Then I get charged $20 for a whole meal when I had 1 mamosa luckily I was there for an event supporting family because I definately would have not paid that. Then the bill comes and I get charged 20% gratuity on a table of 3 ppl where only 2 ppl ordered food and the waitress forgot we even existed. Robbery honestly I enjoy going out and eating but this really sucks really bad first impression.
Apt. 78 is in a league with Camaradas as a beacon of light uptown; one of those rare gems you find in this still developing (nightlife-wise) part of the city. A few axioms first: 1). Apt. 78 is better than any other spot on Dyckman.   2). Apt. 78 has better drinks than any other spot in the Heights. 3). Apt. 78 has soul. There are so many reasons to love this place. I love the fact that when I am paying $10 or $12 for a drink here, it's because the mixologist has hooked up some creation that justifies me shelling out such dough (as opposed to charging me the same amount for a fricking Brugal and coke or some crap). I love the music selection, which is a breath of fresh air in this land of bachata and merengue. Don't get me wrong, I love that music, and love to go to other spots to dance Spanish music, but I've long said that there needs to be some diversity uptown. Every new spot that opens is simply a retread of another uptown spot, offering the same formula: food by day, Dominican-style nightclub by night (meaning bachata- and merengue-heavy). Sometimes, you just want to chill. Or sometimes, you want to hear music in Spanish that isn't Aventura and Aguakate. You want a break from the norm. That is Apt. 78 for you. It's a classy place without the snootiness. It's cultured and attracts fine, well-rounded young professionals from the Heights, the type of people you can dance with and then have a worthwhile conversation (and not wish to hang yourself by a person's stupidity, like at some other places uptown). This is Washington Heights oasis and for all those that find it, soak up as much of their proverbial water as you can.
I've had Sunday brunch here about 4 or 5 times, everything on the menu is great! I must say it is probably one of the best hanger steak's I've ever had. And unlimited guava mimosa, so you can't beat that! It's a great place for a date, friends, or family...  no matter the person or occasion people are always impressed with the place, service and food. Not to mention I bought my mom here who is an old school Spanish woman in her 60's and she loved the place!!  In fact she want to go back soon. Parking is tough in the area, so you may want to consider the lot on Broadway and 187 (i believe).
When I first came here in early spring it was laid back lounge: music was loud but you could still carry a conversation, getting a drink at the bar was easy, and you didn't have to navigate through a sweaty crowd on the way to the bathroom. As the word spread about Apt 78 and the weather grew warmer, the vibe certainly did change. The music is PUMPING, and it's so crowded the side doors open up so drunk people spill into the streets. There's a large table with stools in the middle of the room, couches on one corner and a giant plastic leg* next to the bathroom (reminds me of the leg lamp in the Christmas Story but much bigger) so there isn't much space to attempt much dancing señores.   I can't compare how it is on the weekdays but if you're not looking for a wanna be club scene then this isn't the place to hit on a weekend. I know I'll end up in here again with my friends so I have yet to completely cross APT 78 off my list. *I bet some drunk loco will try to hump it
We celebrated Sara's birthday here...  It is a pretty cute place.  very cozy and comfortable.  It was full but not packed on a Thursday night...  The perfect setting to a small birthday celebration.   I was very happy with the happy hour special.  half price drinks for all cocktails and $5 glass of wine.  You cannot beat that with a bat. A few cocktails and a cheese platter later, I ended up paying only $20. SWEET!  The service was great, and speaking of sweet... I asked the waitress if they had a dessert menu  to get the birthday girl a slice of something and a candle but they didn't.  That was a bummer!  She loves desserts. Nice mix of people and the live band was great!  I would recommend this uptown spot.
Typical example of how you can't fake a good vibe. Nice decor, good music but the place is loud and the service is bad. Totally unimpressed with the Sunday brunch. We sat at the bar and the waitress approached us and told us we couldn't sit there? Then she asked us to move to a table? Very odd service.
Celebrated wife's Dirty 30 at Apt 78 on 2/15/2013 and they were very accommodating, providing our party with a space, customized drink menu, and even cake! Kudos to the staff, even throughout the busy night serving other patrons, they still were on point in serving our party and making sure we were good. Great music, great drinks, and overall a chill spot to hang w/ friends. Def will go back.
Being preggo in a Bar for moi is torture! So when my bestie said that we were going to one...I was bummed. But not for long! We went on a Thursday night so it was a hip hop jazz band playing which was phenom!!! Comfy seating! and it wasn't like I just HAD to have a drink, which in most bars would be the case. I just enjoyed the music and the nice people!! We need MORE places/focus on places like this in Dallas!
Great bartender.  The guy (don't know what his name is, reminds G of her cousin Robert).   The food is just ok, and even though they have birthday events here ALL the time, they surprisingly don't have a dessert menu.  Supposedly, the owner wants to have a healthy menu, but come on, you're serving alcohol.  How many healthy calories are in a Patron shot? Great music, but the place can get pretty crowded.  All in all, a nice place in the Heights to hangout and not eat dessert.
Crappy Service and a pretty lame beer list. It's an ok place but I honestly think is very overrated. My friend ordered a Chimay and they gave it to him on a regular pint glass; not cool.
Its a nice chill spot uptown! and when guest DJ's appear its even better. Pros: Environment, Crowd, and VIBE Cons: 1 bathroom, small, not a large beer selection
Not Impressed.  Very turned off.  The bouncer was a jerk.  Dozens of women went in while the guys had to wait outside.  After he kept dismissing us and not even giving us an ETA, we just went over to Buddha Bar which aesthetically isn't as nice, but the people there are great. Hated the attitude at APT78
I heard a lot of buzz about this place, so it was one of the things I wanted to cross off my list... So I decided to come on a Friday night around 12am with a couple of friends... Why didn't anyone tell me its SMALL? I was expecting some big lounge where people are dancing and holding it down on the floor, not some couches and tables some fancy art. C'Mon son! This is more of a place to eat and to meet up with friends and chill (if you could). I'll def try to come back to for brunch since it seems like that's what the main attraction is.
Can't really say much about much when it comes to this place because after receiving some bad new on Sunday, I decided to walk in and have a drink or two or three, ok ok ok FOUR! Hahaha just kidding. I did have a sangria or two... not four no! not four. I feel bad I can't really say I had the time of my life here, but the place is  nicely put together. The bartender was so nice and attentive I believe his name is Juan, such a sweetheart, really he was. People like that make you want to keep coming back. I did; however, make new friends just thinking about it, puts a smile on my face, here I was drowning myself with four... I meant two glasses of sangria trying to just unwind and not think a lot. Then BAM to my surprise these three funny, kind of drunk, very sweet girls came along and made my day. Did I get lucky? They made me laugh and not think so much =) Good music, nice place, nice selection, HAPPY HOURS = Good place for a drink with or without friends.
This place is fairly new. There are two sides to this place, the regular days (sun, mon, tue, wed) and the "weekend" days. Regular days: pretty laid back, you can bring your laptop to get some work done and have some drinks. Happy hour till 8pm is a good touch. One caviat, their internet is really really slow, this ain't starbucks. So if your work is dependent on internet, not recommended. Weekend days: There are a lot more people on weekends. It's almost a full on club, but still keeps the lounge vibe. Food menu is pretty light, few appetizers and panini's. All really good, but I'm hoping it will grow over time. If you're looking for a local place with great staff and good drinks, I highly recommend a visit to this spot.
I lived in the building next door to APT 78 before it existed and for a good year + after it opened. I never once went in because it was always so crowded and loud, with customers spilling onto the streets, screaming and fighting. I find that kind of establishment to be a major detractor for the neighborhood, not an addition. Anyway, I went tonight with a friend to a promotional event she had heard about. We RSVPed and were let in around 7:45pm. My girlfriend came from work, about 30-45 minutes later, and the bouncer would not let her in. She stood outside in the 95 degree weather while the bouncer let in all of his buddies who he was hugging and slapping five. At one point he said my girlfriend's backpack was a problem, but it didn't seem to be one for the woman whose boyfriend offered the bouncer $10 to put it behind the bar. For the same money, I can drink a sixpack in the comfort and quiet of my own home. As for the bar: It's tiny, crowded and so damn loud. I'll never go back.
The first time I went to Apt 78 (which was only a couple of months ago), I happily drank negronis at happy hour and enjoyed happy hour pricing. The second time I went to Apt 78 (yesterday), I happily drank negronis at happy hour and paid $10/drink. So, you know, that was sort of a bummer. Other than that, this is a nice place to grab a chill after work drink in the neighborhood. Good staff, decent music, and most importantly, a bar tender with a heavy hand.
V33ry kozy spot great atmosphere bartender was on point drinks strong as shyt and the musik was mixed but it put u like in a trance 5 thumbs up, deff a hidden gem
Nice ambiance and a pretty cool atmosphere for small group gatherings.  However, the place can get pretty crowded and as it seems other have already mentioned their dress code seems to be every wishy washy at best.  The door policy seems to change from night to night as well and can confuse even regular customers. My major gripe with this place is the fact that they include an automatic 18% gratuity in all credit card transactions WITHOUT LETTING YOU KNOW, it was only upon my examining of the bill i received after noticing is seemed somewhat off that I requested an itemized receipt and noticed this ugly practice.  I have no problem with gratuity being included, but I feel it gives servers less incentive to do a good job since they know it is attached to the bill, also as a business, you should NEVER have hidden charges in your bills, everything should be transparent FIX This please!
Okay... let me update my previous review. I've been back several times to little ol' APT78 & I have to say I kinda like it. Their drinks are great and they play good music. Bartenders/waiters are really nice. However, this lounge is always inhabited by the same crowds. Whatever, so be it. So, as the 3 stars suggest... this place is A-OK!
Way small, but very chill and a nice crowd. I think it's overpriced considering where it is located (I mean, come on, how much could their rent really be compared to downtown NYC?!), but overall my friends werent complaining. I'd definitely hang out here again, but it's better to go in a group, than solo.
Apt 78 Sunday night me and my Friend are looking for a spot that plays good music and is also kinda chill. Not a club or a loud lounge. A friend the night before had told me about this place so we decided to check it out. When we walked in it looked really pretty, very modern like, not a big crowd and everyone seemed to just having a good time and enjoying the music. We sit at the bar and we are debating on what to drink, we tell the bartender to gives us a few minutes. Five minutes later he puts two shot glasses in front of us and tells us to try that. I was like what? Free shot? That's the best welcome I could get at a place! He said the name of the drink was california cocaine or something like that. I went on a Sunday night, their drinks that night average at around $10 (I had Jameson and coke), and the music is mostly spanish music. Most of the music that they would play at a spanish club for the younger crowd. But it wasn't exactly a dancing place. If you are latin and like me don't like clubbing then you'll like this place. The bartender told me during week days they have special events such as live djs, and live jazz on thursday. I most def will come to check that out. And give this place a four.
Really cool place and fun crowd! They have lots of events with a focus on old school hip-hop. The drinks are tasty! Only thing about Apt 78 is that it's pretty small and gets so packed quickly. But I guess that's the point because it feels like a house party in someone's apartment.
- A good place to chill in the Heights. They even have couches to sit on, feels very homey, thus the name - Healthy food on their menu - Drinks are solid, I recommend their sangrias - Good art decor, they make it a point to feature modern art - Restrooms are clean - Service is good - They sometimes have live DJs
Apt. 78 is a GEM. I go here at least once a month so my review might be a little biased. They have a great deal for Brunch, 2 plates of food and unlimited mimosas (the guava ones are SO YUM!), they don't skimp on the champagne either. They also have various events during the week and their famous $27 pitchers of Sangria on certain days. They also throw a few of the best parties in Uptown like BrunchBounce, QueLoQue, and Reggae House Party. However, it's also a really chill spot, perfect to have a few drinks and talk with friends. It has a little bit of everything, it just depends on the days you go. The owner and the staff are amazing, really friendly and accommodating. I really appreciate the fact that they bring something different to the table, other than the usual pretentious, bottle popping, club scene that permeates Uptown. Only complaint I have is that sometimes it gets pretty busy during Brunch hours and there's only two waiters working, but other than that GREAT JOB JOSE!
Always have a great time! very versatile venue...uptown! I have celebrated two life milestones at this location - a brunch for my first-born babyshower and recently my dirty 30's! Great music, good vibe, accessible location and very attentive service.... Great customer service for night life industry..I'm certainly a fan and would encourage you to visit!
Tried to go here for some drinks for a friends b-day. After calling ahead of time and being told the dress cold is very relaxed and casual, we were told that jeans and a button down with sneakers was just too casual. Uhm right, only about 90% of their guests appeared to be dressed the same way. The bouncer as well claimed that the dress code changes when the spot gets packed... that might be one of the most inconsistent and ridiculous things I've ever heard. Tried to give it a chance, not happening again.
I am a local so I frequent here. Love the atmosphere, food and especially the sangria! It is a small space so it can get crowded especially on the weekends but other than that no complaints here.
You guys are cool and all but honestly the system you guys have for letting people inside is disgusting. You guys are in Washington Heights and have the audacity to be racist and to discriminate the people that actually have money to spend on your establishment. It's so disgusting and appalling that shit like that goes down. Especially for someone who has supported your business and Brunch Bounce parties since day 1! It's not a good look for your place to give it some type of elite vibe as if yal have Beyoncé and Jayz walking in that bitch every weekend. Your bouncer is a racist fuck who needs to be fired because he is the most disgusting person I have ever met. And for you Jose to condone such behavior is disgusting and you really need to reevaluate that system because if more people continue to complain, it can get you in a lot of trouble. I hope my review has given you some enlightenment so that you may humble your staff and remember that every customer matters. And fix that ID scanner it's broken!
Cool, chill vibe. A great place to come alone and think, or to come with friends just to enjoy each others company. I would recommend having a talk with the down to earth staff about what to eat or drink. They are well informed and very cool. It's my favorite spot, and its only two blocks away from my house. A great contribution to the landscape of our community. Salute!
Lotta fun! Been here 2 times. Last ocassion was a girlie birthday, great music, very chill and laid back atmosphere. Would go back for sure.
Marleny: Where are we celebrating your birthday? Me: APT 78 Marleny: Who lives there? Me: No one... Marleny: So are we breaking into an apartment for your birthday? Is it [Sara] circa 1997, celebrating your birthday throwback style? I can dig it. Me: Um, no. It's a lounge in WaHI. Dummy. Marleny: Oh, why are you celebrating there? Me: Because they have a good happy hour, goes until 8pm. Marleny: So does [insert name of bars further downtown here]. Me: Yeah but this one is across the street from the 1 train and a really cheap cab ride away. Marleny: Yeah but if you wanna be close to your place you can just go to [insert name of dive bar here]. Me:I wanna go somewhere fancy looking. Marleny: Yeah but then you'd have to spend fancy money... Me: Not at APT 78... Marleny: Yeah, but still, you don't pay for anything on your birthday anyway so why do you care? Me: And they have a Latin Jazz band on Thursdays, which, coincidentally is the same day as my birthday! Marleny: Oh, that's kinda cool. .::LATER THAT WEEK AT APT 78::. Marleny: Dude! You didn't tell me they had a giant leg that looks like the leg lamp from A Christmas Story! I love this place! Me: *looks at the band in full swing, good looking people sitting on sofas chatting over drinks and food, art on the walls* Seriously dude? That's what you notice? Marleny: *takes bite pita with hummus* Yeah. Oh, no, um, Happy birthday?
it is a great chill spot! i loved the ambiance, there is no drink menu, just order anything you can think off. there is a nice vibe to it. service is good too
The two starts are mainly for decor and friendly staff. My problem with this place war that I felt I was lured under false pretenses. I went on a Sunday that they advertised on their website $27 pitcher of sangria til 1 am. When I mentioned it to the bartender he said, not tonight, I showed him that it was on the website and he ignored me. My friend got a $14 drink that was all ice. Would never ever go there again.
Spring fling for a Saturday evening with a good friend, fellow spoken word artist was delightfully sweet for a divine closure to a grinding painful week.  Randy, the bartender concocts delicious Sangria boastful in size yet not overpowering with fruit as it sway heavily for the alcohol volume content.  Apt. 78 Café/ Lounge is an upscale lounge, full service bar of art deco décor in modern flair.  There is ample seating at the bar where patrons can chill to lounge through the night to decompress the daily grind of life's daily deal. My friend and I later serenade to appetizers of Traditional Hummus at $10.00 and Meat Platter at $12.00 which the latter was mishap for the order fulfillment of Cheese and Meat Platter at $14.00.  The baked pita bread is insufficient accompanied by very salty olives.  The manchego and Cabrales cheese were overwhelming in quantity for the minimal meat.  The Serrano ham red sausage is heavily brine swimming in an ocean of salt.  The staff immediately resolved the mishap order fulfillment for the correct appetizer of Meat Platter with no additional charge.  Surprisingly at the close of our bill, the correct order of meat platter was priced at $10.00 lower while the incorrect order was not charged.  The veneer of respect, professionalism, and the added value of honesty from the staff to rectify our correct order depicts a delectable divine experience for a sincere definitive underwriting.  This juicy sweetness prolific poet was dashing to Sangria with Hummus, Serrano ham, charizo cantimpalo, Salchichan meats accompanied by a very delightful friend.  There are no hooks under the bar where patrons can hang personal belongings.  Music is generated remotely from Pandora. com and from an in-house DJ. Apt. 78 Café/ Lounge entice me to stay longer in the Heights--Washington Heights as it deserves a desirable delicious and delightfully sweet dab for a return visit.
I love this place. The doorman was very nice to me and my bf, we had no problems there. The bartenders, specially one girl, omggg was sooooo sweet!! I love her. The people in there seem mature and fashionable. I'll be coming back.
I've heard so much about Apt 78 but I never had the chance to go. My best friend had my Bridal Shower there and it was perfect!! The food was delicious, and I loved the Unlimited Guava Mimosas. It felt like I was home, loved the decor which does give you the "apartment" feel.  It was the perfect spot, the music was good, yet it wasn't so loud as you can't carry on a conversation. Definitely a nice spot to hang out with friends or family. If you are in the Washington Heights Area stop by!
Had my bday celebration there on March 18th, Friday Night and I Love this place! Great atmosphere, friendly and engaging staff, good music, and overall an amazing place to get a good drink, relax and have a great time with ur friends and neighbors! Definitely a good spot to socialize & Thursday nights they have live Latin Jazz... LOVE THIS PLACE!!
Went here for an album release party. It was nice. The place is very small though and this event got packed to the point where you were moving inches at a time.
Maybe I chose a bad time to go. Maybe I'm a touch older than the usual Saturday night crowd. Either way, I disliked my time at Apt 78. I found the floor plan (a table almost in the middle of the dance floor and the dj at a small, low console table) to be really awkward, the bar space and staff too small for the size of the crowd, and an abysmal sound system. I found the drinks to be appropriately priced for the neighborhood and the overwhelmed bar staff to be polite. The dj was unfocused and seemed to be pulling songs out of  itunes instead of a serato crate or even a list of songs matched by BPM (serato does that for you!). I really wanted to have fun at Apt 78. I didn't, after 25 minutes of awkwardly played (not blended) music. Perhaps a weeknight happy hour will have more for me. I'm definitely willing to try.
Amanda Diva Wednesdays! :) Great Music & Great Sangria too but you have to get there before 10p  (because the gluttons drink it up). Bottle prices are also very fair - I'll be back soon.
AWESOME PLACE! Just celebrated my hubby's bday there and had a wonderful time!! I really liked the fact that they personalize a drink menu for your party and the price for the drinks where just great!! I believe all my guests had a good time and for sure we will make this Apt our favorite hangout! Cannot review the food, because we didn't have any but atmosphere and music was just perfect!! So if a good time, great setting and awesome sangria is on your list!! Then. Apt 78 is the place to be.
Went there last Fri for a friend of a friend's going away party - the place is quite small and we were there right after work so it wasnt so bad but when it got late and the crowd started swelling it made it hard to get to the bar and to dance etc. Ohtherwise the atmosphere was nice , the music was alright and I had a good time - Nice spot to chill after work , I dont suggest it as a night spot per se.
This place has a classy vibe which is hard to find uptown. The music is fun but not too loud. You can chill with friends here and enjoy your conversation. I highly recommend the margarita! I had a very good one here. Great happy hour special and the place gets packed late night on weekends but it is more of a lounge, not really a place for dancing. The food that I tried was good. Uptown keeps getting better and better.
Excellent deejay nights! Loved the staff! Great looking crowd as well!
I went here for brunch and the food was good. But small portion. And the service is not great. The waitress/hostess/bartender was trying her best to serve us well but it was only 2 girls working that day. And they got our order wrong. We had to wait about 45 mins for our meal. The mimosas are excellent.
Love the out of the box art but did not love the full blast of cold air cond when it is barely 60 on a rainy night. They couldn't show us a wine list (waitress said they were re-doing it- huh? didn't you guys JUST open and it wasn't done beforehand?) and when I asked for Pomegranate with Patron- they didn't have Pomegranate. The red wine Sangria was however tasty. They had a small selection of appetizers and we selected meat and cheese platter as well as the mixed satay platter. Not exactly the most flavorful-they need to work on getting a better chef, menu and somewhat smarter waitress...
Finally a cool uptown spot... It's the camaradas of Inwood...
Good food, friendly bartender, great sangria
I love, love this place!!!! Recently i celebrated my sisters baby shower and it was just perfect, starting with the helpful service from our Waitress Karina, to the service,the delicious sangria and all the attention to my event. So if you ever need a place for any occasions  I FULLY will say GO FOR IT!!!!  KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!!!!
Loved it! Went for the first time on Sunday... And I really enjoyed myself... The bartendar was GREAT! He was nice and engaged in conversation... Explained the history behind the name of the restaurant... It's a nice chill place... I will definately go back... They have a small menu that consist of some sandwiches/ panini's and tapas... I didn't try anything on the menu, but the drinks were great! I was a little unhappy they didn't have tap beer... They should definately get it...
This place... tries. I wanted it to work. To be fair, I'm just now getting around to reviewing a visit from several months ago, so perhaps their efforts are paying off these days. But... the paninis were oddly put together, flavor-wise. The server was enthusiastic, but for a server in a wine bar, didn't know very much about wine. They were out of a couple of wines we wanted, and the suggested replacements were remotely related at best. Still, the decor is cute and I thought I might still come back with a book or a stack of papers some weekend afternoon. Never got a chance, though, because they seem to have turned themselves into a mini-club for the summer. Like a lot of places uptown, Apt 78 is trying too hard to be too many things to too many people.
This place is a definite gem to the heights. The staff is awesome, the music varies by night and the food menu offers a variety that will please all lifestyles. :)
Apt 78 is my go to spot. I had a stupendous bd party in early January.  Although I called the week before to make reservations for my party, they were already booked.  Mr. J morales hooked it up for me & my troops.  My customized drink menu was waiting for me once i arrived.  I recommend this place for those artsy folks that just want a mellow ambiance decoratedw/ neighborhood art.  I luv this quaint lil spot for the displaced souls of Washington heights.
Nice cozy atmosphere.  Friendly service. Its like going to someone's apartment.  Music not too loud so you can actually talk.
lowlife thug bouncer!   i'm Latino, and i hate Latino bouncers. they are the worst of the worst. they are bereft of people skills,so they almost always use intimidation as a mode of control,instead of basic intuitive human psychology. they are primitive morons for the most part.
More than anything else my issue with Apt 78 is that it has become a total noise nuissance in the neighborhood. I went a few times since it opened and each time it has gradually gotten worse and worse.  The staff went from helpful and fun without being overbearing to now you practically have to grab onto a server's ankles to get them to pay attention. It's become so crowded and overbooked that most nights you can't get in the door. And then there's the noise. There is NO reason to blast music so loud that I can hear it when I walk from the subway 3 blocks away. You are not a club. There's no freaking room to dance so why blast it like that? And you are not soundproofed. You have people living above you whose apartments must be vibrating with the bass turned up that high (no I don't live there - I just sympathize...or is it empathize....i do one of those). This lack of regard for the neighborhood you claim to serve is going to result in you going the same way as some of the other venues along Broadway. When enough complaints are put into 311 you'll be closed and Broadway can sleep in peace again.  Shame because I really wanted to like this place. It was a good spot to head over on a weeknight for a drink with friends or grab an afternoon cocktail on a weekend. Now I'll just stick with Locksmith up the street.
I have been at Apt. 78 for their Heineken summer dj series, which was every Wednesday for last 4 weeks and Tuesdays last summer. They brought out iconic hip-hop dj's for these events which brought out a huge crowd. I haven't been to 78 outside of these events so my review is based on this series. The bar itself is small and set up like an apt.With nice decor and some cool artwork. The place is small so it got crowded early and fast. The music was great, and I have to say the house dj is skilled and as good as the featured guests so it would be good to catch him on another day.  The only spacious place to dance is in front of the dj booth.. I had their sangria which is good. Now my main issue with apt 78 is the bar service. Getting to the bar through the crowd was bad enough, but once I got to the bar I had to do some waiting. Bartender told me no ice so no sangria but ran off before I could pick something else. They seemed to be understaffed during these large events. I ended up ordering two drinks so I wouldn't have to return. Another time I ordered beer which was warm. Fortunately I was able to return it. I did have fun dancing to my favorite music and I must say the energy here is good. If you come here its for the ambience and music. The service leaves much to be desired but I think its an issue that can be alleviated with more staffing..
Me and my good friend went to Apt 78 the Wednesday night before Thanksgiving (a few weeks ago) to see The LEGENDARY Jam Master DJ Scratch spin and had an absolute BLAST!!!  Based on the caliber of the DJs that have spun sets there, I was expecting a much bigger place, but was pleasantly surprised- it's a very intimate setting.  The staff was extremely friendly and made me feel right at home, even though I live in the DC area.  In my experience, when the staff is kind and outgoing, it rubs off on the patrons too.  The drinks were strong and priced fairly.  They also had some really cool artwork for sale.  I noticed they also served food.  However, I got there after eating elsewhere and was really in the mood to party.  Next time I'll get my grub on.  I heard Kid Capri and D-Nice will be there soon. I will DEFINITELY be back!
