White people central. They have some good drinks and a few good items on the menu, but they are seriously trying WAY too hard, and it's obnoxious. The staff isn't particularly friendly either, with the exception of a couple hostesses. They are too concerned with being cool. They should change the name to Williamsburg Public and move there.
Walking by this place everyday on the way home while it was building/renovating i was so excited to try it. Finally a SUPER awesome bar/pub that felt like it was taken straight out of the village and placed here. Clean, cozy, with great wait staff and super friend bartenders. Their beers are cheap $6-7 bucks and other than some staples (like Guinness) their beer selection changes up almost daily with whatever is in season, or local, or just good. I"m not a big bar person, or beer person (i usually like liquor) but i can here with a friend and after asking the waitress what she'd recommend for me ended up trying and falling in love with their Purple Haze and their Pumpkin ale. Both so yummy that my bf was baffled by me going "yum yum I want to go get beer, lets go to Harlem public" every day for a week after lol. The bartenders are generous with letting you try different beers (they fill up big shot glasses with beers for you if you ask to try anything). And they serve fresh popcorn as a bar snack to everyone. They have their own popcorn machine next to the bar constantly popping fresh popcorn.  They have plenty of large flat screens, great decor, and good music. Now to the food. We got their hot wings, they were delicious. Not your average Franks red hot type of hot wings. These were spicy and a little sweet, lightly glazed, good-sized wings. I wish I knew their sauce recipe Then we ordered burgers. My friend got the peanut butter burger..yes i know it sounds weird. But she was it was amazing. I got the southwest burger (melted swiss cheese with corn and blackbeans) The meat was tender and juicy and perfectly cooked and they give you a good amount of fries. Out total was aobut 60bucks, for 5 beers, wings, and two burgers with fries. Not bad and everything was delicious. Be warned though, this place gets pretty crowded (not loud or rowdy) but crowded. especially thrusday-sunday so if you want to go get food, you may not be able to find a table or a spot at the bar. However for a nice beer in a great atmosphere, this is the spot to go!
The place is just super loud and it's hard to talk to people even though the Windows and doors are open, it was busy but not crowded. So don't bring a date here. Their beers are pretty cool. I'm by no means a beer snob I just have a few things that I like and don't really venture out but I wasn't disappointed here. I'm a fan of wheat beers like weinenstephaner, franziskaner, you know... Hefewezens. (I know I'm spelling it wrong. German words are stupid long!) They had a Nebraska Hefe which was right on target with my expectations and I was pleasantly surprised. Foodwise I had their avocado fries and the oh snap burger. I didn't like the "oh snap burger" it was a burger with cream cheese. That was just too rich for my taste. It was like a generously spread hot bagel with cream cheese and burger meat in it. The meat quality wasn't bad nor was the bun, I should've ordered a more traditional burger. The avocado fries were pretty cool! I'm not a fan of avocado but these weren't bad, esp with their dipping sauce. Fyi, they're more like avocado wedges than fries but still good.
This place has great bar-snacks-but-better type food and amazing beers.  It's clearly the coolest place in the neighborhood now. Great decor. Downside- it's so awesome that it's packed all the time. But it's always worth the wait. And the staff is hot.
Harlem Public, or as I call it, "HP," is the spot.  I love coming here.  The food is outstanding...they serve popcorn with your drinks or meal.  Who doesn't love popcorn? The bartenders are so lovely.  I could eat mounds of their burgers and fries.  My favorite is their regular burger with bacon and jalapenos.  Kill me, so delicious.   Also, I ask for a side of their Chipotle mayo, to dip my fries into, or slather on my burger.  It's dope.
Pretty loud, but the beer selection was good. They had 21st Amendment Hell or High Watermelon!
I like Harlem Public because it has some of the best drinks above 140th (both beer and cocktails), and decent food. Outdoor seating is great, but inside is soooooo teeny. So teeny. And because Harlem Public is basically one of a kind for the area, its always packed, so be prepared to wait, especially on a nice night. Still love it!
First time here tonight! I was here with my sister.  As soon as we walk in the place we can tell it's packed and seats are going fast so we first opt for the right side window bench tables but then change our minds for the bar.  It's a tight fit and the guy next to us reeks of cigarrettes and stench. (But he steps out a few times to smoke- weheeew- thank goodness!) other than that, "It's a good place so far"
GREAT food. The loaded grilled cheese was heaven: 4 types of cheese, avocado, bacon and Doritos. The tater tots were perfectly crunchy. And you must get the Mac and cheese. Oh, and my fiancé had the Peanut Butter Cheeseburger - yum! The service, meh. Hostess was mad cool, waitress was very forgettable. I must go back to try their wings.
Great addition to the neighborhood! I came here with a friend of mine on a night where neither one of us felt like going all the way downtown. Well I was pleasantly surprised to find a really cool spot like this in Harlem. The bar has a great draft beer selection and the bartender does a good job of making classic cocktails. The food is also quite good. I had one of their signature burgers and my friend had the pulled pork sandwich. The atmosphere is fun and casual and it did get crowded and loud but the service was attentive enough. I'd definitely keep this on my list of neighborhood spots.
Food was great. But asked for a shot of Fireball in my apple beer thing, and they tried pushing some cheap whiskey house infusion garbage. Maybe I'll come back and buy a burger if this dump pays for air conditioning in the middle of the summer.
Will never go back to this establishment ever again.  The bartender misplaced my Credit Card at the bar. Manager and employees try to justify how my card went missing.  Very unprofessional and would not suggest anyone to go in there.  Not unless you want your CC to get lost or given to the wrong customer.  Been to plenty of busier bar's in NYC and never had this kind of experience.  I never post anything about establishments but I was very disappointed in the way this was handled.  There is no tactfulness in dealing with customers and they lack attention to detail.  There are more plenty of finer establishments in Harlem to go to, don't waste your time.
One of our favorite neighborhood bars.  Great beer and yummy pub food.  Great place to catch football or baseball games or to dine outside in the summer.
My NEW favorite place.. Mac and Steez is great, Avocado fries delish! I had a Harlem Public burger.. Medium rare with fried onions, guac, bacon and cheddar cheese... They also use QUALITY beef! I am drooling thinking about it right now... The place also has a great selection of beers on tap that are reasonably priced. I don't normally get to eat and drink the way I WISH I could but I promise I am saving my cheat days for Harlem Public from now on. :-)
There's a lot of good stuff here, but the Peanut Butter Burger is what snags this place the five-star review. Pure heaven.
The peanut butter burger is very good, but ask for your peanut butter on the side because sometimes they over do it. Excellent french fries and great beer selection.
Triple H restaurant. Hipster Hideaway in Harlem All the typical crap, a wrought iron stove, mosaics with the name of the place embossed like a subway stop, mason jar drinks, low wattage incandescent lights on exposed brick connected by a conspicuous black wire, and waiters who look like they are going to a mustache championship. My drink was missing an orange and the martini came in a kids size glass. Food had the name branded on the bun. Only non hip thing was ESPN on the screens, hipsters don't GAF bout sports.
Great food. Awesome beer selection. Friendly service. A great addition to the neighborhood. It can get absurdly crowded, which is the only drawback.
This place doesn't really need another five star review but here i am, professing my undying love for this fine establishment. For starters, it's pretty close to where the Mr and i live and i really cant tell you how great that feels when you live uptown. Secondly, the staff is amazing! The service is spot on and they are so acomodating. Thirdly, the food! Burgers, salads, sandwiches, mac and steeze and avocado fries are ridiculous as in i daydream about these items ridiculous and last but not least, the drinks! Well crafted and strong. They also have a very decent craft beer selection on tap. Harlem Public can definitely get it!
Love this place. Fantastic staff. Consistently great food. Fun lovely atmosphere. A neighborhood staple.
I came here once with some friends and it was a really cool experience. The restaurant bar is dimly lit with candles at each table. They've fallen victim to the mason jar trend, which I certainly do not mind. The draft beers they have are choice, though I can't comment on the food. But from what I hear, their burgers are creative, top notch creations. Definitely coming back.
Peanut butter burger is very messy and the oil can burn. Delicious tho. Room temperature alternates hot and cold. Service is always at the ready.
I love this place!!! Ever since I discovered it on New Years Day 2014 it has been my go to spot for great food. The staff is always fun and friendly! It's not a huge space but even on a packed night I never wait too long for a seat. Menu must haves *The Mac and Steez! Amaze' add bacon! Trust me! *The Parmesan Crusted Burger! So tasty the bread is insane! *The Grilled Cheese....not like mamma makes it...Harlem Public takes it up a notch! You can't go wrong here! Everything and I mean everything that I have had on this menu tastes delish! Note- while they do have carry out they do not allow you to order by phone.
Ready to spoil yourself? Fried avocados, followed by the deluxe grilled cheese. AMAZING. Get there early on weekends or you'll never squeeze in, but on a quiet Saturday afternoon they treated my best friend and I (and her 3-and-7 year-olds!) like queens.
Harlem Public, you made me fall in love.   You're just packed enough to make any evening intimate and cozy but also loud enough that no one cares to listen in on the gossip.   Your crowd is a mixed bag of people who want to drink and mingle and maybe even make out a little when lips start to tingle (but not in a gross way--thank heavens). You are great in the early evening and even better at night.   Your popcorn is divine and your prices quite right. Most to note your music and barkeep kept my head feeling light. So of course I thought of you as I drink tonight Will go back again, someday soon to claim you once more by the light of the moon
My new favorite bar! Ronnie is the best bartender, super friendly and always makes the best recommendations!  The food, the beer selection, and the atmosphere are all great!  I love putting my friends on to this spot :)
It's very rare that you will see a dive bar in Harlem so when I heard about this spot in my favorite NYC location, had to see if it was really worth while. Had their burger/fries and a Bronx Lager here. (Sighs)...was not really impressed. The burger was cooked to my liking but did not taste like it was seasoned at all. I had to keep dipping it into the ONE ketchup tiny cup that they gave me. Same issue with the fries. I will not be getting a Bronx Lager EVER again...did not taste good AT ALL to me but I won't put that blame on HP cause it was my first time having that specific beer and wanted to try something new. Also wasn't thrilled with Harlem Public cause the place is fairly small despite also having outside seating. I mean for only ONE dive bar in West Harlem (Hamilton Heights) which is a heavily residential and up-and-coming gentrified area, you would think they would have more dive bars and if not have the ONE that they do have to be more spacious. Took me close to an hour just to sit at the bar and the bartenders are not the most attentive even when you are sitting. I'll take my chances at spots further up in the Heights if I wanna catch some drinks uptown. Not really feelin' Harlem Public. Welp!
Food is delicious and they have a wide variety of beers. Bartenders are very friendly and are happy to give you a sample or explain what each beer is comparable to. Note: gets packed!
I come here all the time. I'm so glad it's in the neighborhood. Some staff is nicer than others but I just stay clear of one girl. I love the Sandos ALL OF THEM! Tater tots are my obsession so I'm here for the tots! Good drinks but don't take your girlfriend here if she has on a formal dress and heels. (Saw that situation 2 nights ago) It's a casual bar for great priced drinks and food.
Came here on a Saturday night at around midnight. Crowded, and the crowd looked mostly young college undergrad/recent grads. Relaxed, chill vibe. Attentive, friendly, but not overbearing young staff. The Long Island I had was a little sweet for my taste and should have hit me, but it came in a mason jar, which was cute/cool. Top 40/90s pop/hip-hop music, but nothing offensive to the ears of those who might prefer something else. I would return during the day or maybe earlier in the night or on a Thursday.
The beer list spoils me. I love the Jalapeño Margaritas. Crowded with the most eclectic people on earth. Yummmmm Avocado Fries and Peanut Butter Burgers.
First and foremost if you make the commute, request Jeanine (may have misspelled it) as your server, she's on top of shit more than Charmin.  Secondly, the food is BOMB!  Avocado fries, Mac n cheese, Peanut Butter Burger...Heaven!
A very nice spot in West Harlem, or whatever this neighborhood is. Very good quality food and a really sociable atmosphere. Would definitely come back! I had the peanut butter burger and it was well created, but only get it if you absolutely LOVE peanut better. The fries are really good.
The Burgers are great. Love this place. Good atmosphere. Going back to try the avocado fries.
LOVED the burgers here and the avacado fries!
Another new place enters the waaaaayyyy uptown scene.  Went to watch football, hang with some friends and enjoy the offerings.  Nice beer selection and appetizers. The mac and cheese was ridiculously good and satisfying. The place was rocking and has been so busy that they ran out of all their burgers. Guess I'll have to come back.
I really like this place, but I'm giving it three stars because they've messed up my order more than once and rather than doing the customer is always right thing, they acted sort of suspicious of my claims.  (Like I would lie about missing cheese.  Or like maybe don't know what cheese tastes like, but I'm from Wisconsin buddy, I know my cheese!)  So I had to take my cheese burger apart to show them that there was, in fact, zero cheese on it.  Which was a bummer, but whatever.  It's also always really crowded and therefore loud, but if you sit outside you can sort of get away from that.  And it's crowded because the food is great.  When they get it right.   Also, they give you popcorn while you're waiting and/or drinking, and who doesn't love popcorn.
Sports Bar food, excellent dishes, fried pickels a must try item! Large beer selection, fast and good service, very hip clientel! Always good time. Although I am older then the usual crowd, they still make me feel welcome. Thanks for this great neighborhood bar where making friend is easy.
Love this bar. Right by my apartment, so it's become a great spot for an after work drink, or lunch with friends. Roni and Arie have proved to be two of the best. Always working hard, but give the patrons just the right amount of attention. Favorites include... The Fish Sando: always cooked to a light, flakey point, and a large portion on the soft, doughy bread. Paired with a side salad and the black bean and corn vinaigrette is all I want in a meal The Parmesan Crusted Burger: so messy, so cheesey, perfect bread toasted to any hangover-cure-need Mac n Cheese: wut. Can't. Even. Get it. With pulled pork. Spankys Drink--don't remember the exact name, but pairs with any time of day. Only downfall is that service can be slow. They seem to have a lot of staff on at any given point, but it can be hectic with servers literally running across the floor. Personally, I know what I'm walking into, but people on a time crunch may want to ask for the check when the food arrives if they have an appointment they need to jet to.
Great bar food. Friendly staff. Great selection of well-picked beer etc. Bottomless bowls of popcorn. $6 pint of Guinness(20oz glass). Soft, comfy lighting(sooo important). Lastly, theres no other bar within...10 blocks.
I was not expecting this place to be so packed. Yes, I came on Saturday night, but I'm not used to seeing such a vibrant night life in Harlem. I felt like I was somewhere in the East Village (which is a good thing since it is my fave Manhattan neighborhood). With that being said, we came in expecting to grab a quick bite to eat... wrong. There were no tables available, so we decided to wait by the bar until one opened up. I loved how the bar area had cute open window seats facing the mini patio. After about 5-10 minutes a table opened up and lucky us it was outdoor seating, YAY. The patio is small but seating is spacious, which was better than being cramped indoors. Our waitress was so sweet, but I forget her name. She guided us through the menu and recommended the most popular drinks and bites. I ordered the Caipirinha de Watermelon ... my oh my that drank was strong. It wasn't as tasty as I hoped it would be, but definitely potent. As for food, I decided to try the Apricot Wheat BBQ wings, so delish! Ten times better than those scary jumbo dinosaur wings at Dallas BBQ. My boyfriend ordered the Parmesan Crusted Burger with a side of tots. It was one of the best burgers I've ever bit into, seriously. The bread was perfectly toasted, cheese perfectly melted, patty cooked to perfection. I think it was actually better than Shake Shack, and everybody loves Shake Shack. Decent bars, good eats, outside seating. This hood is not what is used to be people.
stopped by on friday happy-hour with my oldest girl jack,cool place we ordered avocado fries pretty good(you must like avocado) jack ordered the parm burger,ihad the public burger w/bacon&frieg egg man it was good.good selection of draft beer but they change them often i had the coney island lager(no blue point toasted) over all i will b back arnold voice lol.
I took my dad there. There was a wait for a table but the hostess was very sweet. The doorman carded my dad which we thought was hilarious.  Very hipstery crowd.  Felt almost like I was in Williamsburg. Or maybe everyone was just younger and I'm an old lame-o. The food was very good and the TVs were on good games. It was loud but my dad and I still had a great chat. Definitely going back.
Truly disappointed. Went the other day for a late lunch at 3 pm and enjoyed the atmosphere, food and drinks. Was so impressed that I tried to go back tonight for dinner with visiting family and what was a pub is now a nightclub complete with bouncer at the door. An hour for a table and people standing 6 to 7 deep for a drink. You had your niche market, a great pub with great food in a neighborhood that was severely lacking and you screwed it up. I won't be back, nothing is that good to wait an hour for a table at 10 pm on a Thursday night only to have my food knocked over by an overcrowded bar.
I'm really happy that this is my local bar. They have hit the trifecta. The food is great, there is an awesome beer selection which is always rotating, and they make great drinks with fresh ingredients.  They have a lot of cool creative vodka infusions.  Oh, and FREE POPCORN! That I really love! This is probably my favorite bar in the city!  What is not to love about it?  Probably the only complaint I could have ever had about this place is that it does get quite crowded. However, with the addition of At The Wallace, that has relieved some of that congestion. Officially the best bar in the city! I will continue to bring my friends here and keep talking this place up. But I don't think it's any secret how awesome this place is.
if you're hungry, eat here!
I lived across the street, and discovered Harlem Public. It has very quickly become my favorite chill spot in NYC (so far). Beers are always changing. It is fun trying a new beer each time I come in. The atmosphere is very relaxed, with wooden tables, candles, and mason jars for drinks. Quite small, and usually very packed. However, even when crowded, I have not waited over 20 minutes for a table. I would say the average age of people in this place is 21 - 35. There is a mix of ages, but the place has a younger feel to it. The TV's are normally playing the games. Popcorn is a nice touch, and the food is terrific! A bit greasy but amazing. My boyfriend and I always order the Parmesan Crusted Burger with a side salad. AMAZING! They have tomato soup in the winter that is slightly spicy, with very good bread. My boyfriend enjoys the Mac and Steez with Chicken. Service is normally spot on. Definitely a place to hit up if you are in Harlem.
This is a good place to be with your friends, l been there a couple Times the attention is excellent ,the drinks are good,and the prices affordable
One of my biggest pet peeves is ordering a burger with a certain temperature and being served a well-done patty. This is exactly what happened when I ordered the famous peanut butter burger. I ordered medium and my friend ordered rare. We both got fully cooked burgers. Instead of bread, you get popcorn which was a nice touch and goes with the hipster feel. Other than that, everything is just average. Good selection of drafts though.
I went here at a recommendation of a friend. First time visiting NY, and did not want to do the tourist thing. Glad I came here. Loved the atmosphere; staff, the food, and prices were fair, I wouldn't hesitate to pay if it means supporting this kind of passion, dedication, and being more than the sum of its parts. Got the custom burger, loaded it up to the gills, needed a long toothpick to keep it upright, and even then, it was like witnessing the leaning tower of Pisa. I was really impressed with the burger, especially the great combo of meat that meets the right price. I had it rare, and got exactly what I desired - still mooing, but not too bloody, great texture, not overly "anything". I didn't try the selection of drinks - which was an impressive selection, because I am a diabetic and need to watch alcohol consumption. Highly recommend going here to eat, drink, hang out. The inside is very different and friendlier than what the outside - Harlem would have you believe.
Service is amazing and the food is ridiculous.  Love the atmosphere during gamedays as well.  Great selection of beers and sliders.
A much appreciated addition to the neighborhood. A good beer selection that changes frequently and very good food quality for a pub (not just for the neighborhood, actually good regardless of location). It gets packed on nights and weekends, but that's expected because they serve quality goods. Since I'm local I just come early & I usually get the parmesan crusted burger & if I'm lucky they have a Sixpoint on tap or something special that I've yet to try. Their avocado fries are really good also! Their pulled pork sandwich is pretty good, but I feel like I'm cheating on Dinosaur bbq by ordering it. Keep up the good work guys!
Interesting menu options include peanut butter burger and fried pickes, excellent service, but a little too pricey for what is served. If a loud bar atmosphere is what you are after, then this is your place.
Harlem Public tries very hard to stand out as a leader in the gentrification of Washington Heights. I pass no judgment on that fact, but as a bar in and of itself, it has a decent selection of draft beers and an okay atmosphere. I haven't tried the food, perhaps that could move my review up to 4 stars.
Warm popcorn that hit the table as soon as we sat down was a nice touch. Beer selection is good. Mac and cheese with pulled pork is bangin' and the parmesan burger, though it came out overdone, still kinda blew my mind. The avocado fries are a fun idea, but could benefit from stronger seasoning. A bit noisy with games/music blasting but the vibe from both staff and patrons was friendly so really, who am I to complain? (It's a sports bar, after all). Solid late night spot in Harlem. Can't wait to go back and try their other burgers!
It was a crowded Friday night and we were hoping to get something to eat before we ventured to Riverbank Park for Shakespeare in the Park.+ I don't remember the hostesses name but she made the wait and evening perfect.  We waited but it was worth it.  The food was excellent, the Gin selection remarkable, and seating outside was the place to be.  I'll be back and I rarely go back to the same place twice.
1 word... "PULLED PORK MAC & CHEESE!!!" **drools   Ok maybe that was more than 1 word but any-who, they pretty much won me over with that southern twist to an american classic! Delicious! Also, quite surprising to have this kind've hipster-ish bar smack in the middle of Hamilton Heights. Check it out guys :).
A nice enough spot and an major upgrade over the bars around it in the area. With that said, the beer menu is fairly pedestrian compared to other top beer bars around the city. The food is OK but nothing to rave about. If you live in the neighborhood, it's worth a trip. If not, there are better beer bars to check out.
WHAT? YOU WANT A SONG AND DANCE ROUTINE? OH, YOU WANT MORE POUTINE. This is usually what goes down whenever I eat here and try to hold any sort of prolonged conversation. It can get pretty crowded and loud in this smaller establishment but the food is excellent. I leave feeling full and greasy in all the right ways with leftovers to heat up the next day. Can't complain. Great ambiance for pre-gaming a crazier night or for drinks after work. A gem in Harlem for sure.
The only pub in my neighbourhood.  I like this place,  I love that they have a system where you can buy your mate a brew in advance and when that person comes in, they can claim that drink off of the "PDA Board".  I love the Avocado Fries.  Beer menu is nice.  The table servers are lovely.  The bartenders are great to me when I come in with a certain female friend whom they know well but recently, my group of four at the bar was rather ignored, brought the wrong drinks and then not offered to have the error corrected.  Meh.  I like the food although it is pub food and there are just no healthy options on the menu.  So, do not go here to eat if you are trying to be good.  The food is good - I would just really like to see some healthful options.  Did I mention the avocado fries?  Who invented these?  LOVE!  Harlem Public is usually quite busy and loud but the folks are generally friendly and as I said, it's the only one of it's kind in our little corner of the world.
For starters, this bar has a GREAT selection of draft beers. I was not disappointed. Their mixed drinks are a bit hit or miss, but with that draft beer selection, I couldn't care less. The service is great, despite how loud and crowded this place gets. Our waiter was really sweet and even ordered us a free round of high quality whiskey shots (well, after spending over $200 bucks.. But still, quite nice). Oh boy, though, this place loud. The ambiance, despite my recommendation, knocked off a star. It's just not my taste and wouldn't recommend it if you're looking for something a bit more lax. If you don't mind some a louder crowd, stop by! Next star off came from their food selection. It was an odd assortment. Really, is hit or miss, much like their mixed drinks. I personally found it a bit too varied for my tastes (noooo to the pulled pork mac and cheese). I am tempted to give that PB burger a try though. All in all, I enjoyed my time but I'll be visiting seldom. Feel free to try it ourself though! At the very worst, I don't think you'll regret it, just won't prefer it.
Finally a bar in the neighborhood. And not just a 'bar' but a great bar with a varied and quality beer selection. What else is their to say except their staff is not just friendly but personable, good amount of TVs and they broadcast just about every game, vibe and decor is great, and fresh popcorn is a nice touch. Can't wait till their kitchen opens, I talked to their chef and he has some great ideas. But the most important thing is the beer and it is good. They also have Growlers! Thank the lord for this place, because now i no longer have to go all the way to the UWS to have a decent drink.
Great for burgers can get crowded! I do enjoy the food here. Especially the burgers. Tasty and always served fresh (at least the times I've been). Decor is fitting for the crowd and the place can get packed so if you plan on going I suggest going at off peak times. Lots of beer! Great draft beers and although I don't know much about beer the staff was very nice and brought me a sample of some of their more popular ones. Very friendly, moderately priced and a welcome addition to the neighborhood. The place keeps getting more popular and may turn into a Williamsburg hip style place soon so go while it's still good!
Loved it. Great beers; friendly service; good food. We loved the hamburger and the pulled pork burger. Fries good too.
Wanna leave the Manhattan traps and see a hip cheeky Harlem Bar? Then take a subway north on the west side to Harlem Public. Its a bar with a great beer menu and tasty burgers. I had a ton of fun here over the past fall after being introduced to the place by fellow co-workers. It does get crowded and very loud. Its a fun place to start your night and then head towards lower Manhattan.
LOUD!!!! NOt the spot for a conversation, especially on a weekend night. That said, it's a great place, the neighborhood needed a pub. Lets hope more come along after these guys.
I love this place... This place is loud, crowded and can get hot in the summer but, I Love every minute of it. Harlem Public's signature dish is their Peanut-Butter burger and it's delicious  I went here on a bet and I am glad that I lost, who would have thought to combine, Peanut-Butter and a Cheese Burger. The hot wings are tasty as well. The drinks are strong without being over powering. The crowd is young and cool. I don't really consider this area Harlem but who cares, the food and drinks are great.
It was a cool spot and the drinks were reasonably priced. It was just waaaayyy too crowed. There was no place to sit or stand.  We went around 11pm, so it might be less crowded if we would have went earlier. We only stayed long enough to finish one drink because it was so packed.
I Can't Handle. What an amazing night with my family who was visiting. Sadly they didn't have my favorite beer "strawberry fields" anymore but it's all good. Our waitress was tops! She has purple streaks in her hair and was the best. LOADED GRILLED CHEESE is where it's at! Also had the pulled pork which was yum. So much yum. And of course you can't beat the popcorn uhhhhhhhhhhhhhghghg such a cozy spot and great vibe.
Just snacked so can't give a full review, but the place is amazin! Great ambience awesome staff- shout out to Jay! Tasty fries and awesome wings- well fried with a respectable mild sauce.
I did what could possibly be the worst thing before visiting Harlem Public on a weekend afternoon: I came hungry even though I figured this place would probably be full of the college crowd and NY transplants and I would have to wait. Actually, I came starving. I was (so glad that I was) mostly wrong. Yes, the place was packed. I mean, it was a beautiful Saturday at 1 pm. And I came with a group of 4. We were greeted immediately upon entry and was given a 15 minute wait time. It was the fastest 15 minutes of my life. We were seated 3 minutes later. Our waitress was an absolute doll: smart, quirky, sweet, and super attentive (I wish I remembered your name for a shout out!). She made sure she answered all of our questions and was extremely patient with us. One of the high points for our visit was the "Blah Blah" which is a 16 oz Bloody Mary which came with everything I would want to help cure a hangover (fried chicken, bacon, tater tots oh my!). For $16, this was a treat. We all decided to share something different. 1. The PB burger: Nice burger, great bun. The peanut butter gave it a wonderful texture. Enjoyed? Yes. Blown away? No. 2. The BLT (with a salad?): Yum and Yum. 3. The Grilled Cheese: Oh, have mercy. The sourdough and that cheese... I'm already drooling. 4. The Parm crusted burger: Not bad. Seemed more like a Patty melt with Cheesy bread though. 5. The avocado "fries": Surprisingly awesome. The highest point during my visit: The cleanliness of the bathroom. Seriously, one bathroom for a packed place that serves primarily alcohol. One would expect a dingy dark room that smelled of stale urine. Actually, it was bright, well stocked, and clean! I was (tipsy and) amazed. Overall, great time, great crowd, great service, and great food.
The first thing I noticed when moving to Hamilton Heights was its lack of bars/lounges.  There wasn't really any place to catch a game, enjoy happy hour, and even take advantage of some local night life. This is what Harlem Public has brought to the neighborhood. I really enjoy the social scene and fun atmosphere. Everyone is easy going and only there to have a great time. Another huge plus is the food. Now that the kitchen is open, patrons have another option to take advantage of. Staff is very friendly, prices are reasonable, and the owner appears to do a great job of getting feedback from customers.
Been to this spot twice and both times I've received nothing but amazing service, awesome drinks, and good food. In one occasion I went with a few of my girls and we had the avocado fries (will skip next time), the mac and steez which was yummy, and a few burgers. I had the Parmesan Crusted Burger and it was delicious! So much cheese and the meat was perfectly cooked, a little messy but worth it. As for the drinks my favorite was the acai caipirinha; I've had caipirinhas made at Brazilian churrascarias that weren't this good. I think I had about 3 that night. I've also had their twizler lemonade which is really fun and cute, I just wish it had more alcohol. Overall this place is def. a good time, the atmosphere is loud but you can still have a conversation. They have a nice space for outdoor seating but the wait time for that was too long. Can't wait to be back once the weather is warmer!
Good too see a cool place coming up in Harlem...  In the summers you can sit out and enjoy the view of broadway (true not much to see but not as polluted as mid town).  Variety of good bar food and microbrews... Good Diverse crowd.. If you are uptown, worth checking out.
Me and my friends always hang out here. It's a great bar with an ever rotating selection of beers, tasty cocktails and amazing food. Defiantly try any of their burgers. It is pretty busy on weekends but we always end up finding a seat and the new half of the bar is opening up so that should help a lot. Two thumbs up.
April 17, 2013 We came here to meet up with some friends and as soon as I walked in, I could smell the good food cooking. Unfortunately we had just eaten, so we opted for drinks. Their selection of craft beers are nice and your sure to find something you like. The staff was super nice and truly love the place they work at and try to make you feel welcomed as well. An endless supply of fresh popcorn brought to the bars and tables helps as well. Drink prices are pretty good, and since I didn't get to try the food which everyone else was raving about, you can bet I'll be back!
Let's be honest. This is a Hipster Gentrification spot on the Sugar Hill, Washington Heights border, Uptown. Decent food. Good beer selection, which changes regularly. Nice, but not extraordinary. I'll come here to watch a game every now and then ( I live on 148th and Saint Nick). Staff is nice. Pretty small, even with out door seating in the summer.  But typically what you would expect from a trendy spot. Not too many neighborhood people in here. Primarily Columbia students and transplants (I'm a Native New Yorker). If you wonna kick it Uptown and have a "mainstream" experience, this is your spot. Don't hate it, but nothing to write home about. It's really too bad Saint Nicks Pub is closed, because that was a real dope, authentic Uptown spot that was a profound experience. And cats could come there and just Jam.
Apparently the breakfast burger has been taken off of the brunch menu.  WHY?!?!?!  Let's get our voices heard, and bring this bad boy back!  Follow the link below to sign a petition for the Breakfast Burger Revival! change.org/petitions/har…
I've been to Harlem Public twice and both times were excellent experiences! The first was for drinks on a Friday night, around 10 PM. The second was for dinner on a Sunday night. Both times, the place was pretty packed, yet the service was great. The bartenders and servers were calm and collected despite the chaos; very polite and friendly! They have a great selection of craft beer and delicious handmade cocktails. Their food is great! I tried the pulled pork sandwich--very smoky and delicious, one of the best I've had! And my husband had the Oh Snap burger, which was cooked perfectly even if it came up a little short on flavor. Even the side salad and fries were above average. Overall, a GREAT experience for a variety of occasions and I look forward to going back soon!
Love this place! From the moment you walk in, you can tell that these people know what they're doing. Great selection of local and rare brews with a solid food menu, Go for the "Mac n Steez," you won't be mad, like at all. My first time into Harlem was later on a Saturday night, the atmosphere was cozy and very welcoming. Tons of natural wood, a fireplace rockin', and a constant selection of good tunes playing. It was pretty busy inside (now obvious why, not much other awesomeness like this around), and we were still able to get great service and quick drink rounds. You can tell the staff here is really into what they do and it makes a difference. I actually visited several times over my stay in Harlem and will definitely go back whenever I'm in town, great experience every time through. I'm really looking to catch some of these crazy looking specials I keep seeing on their Instagram!
I love Harlem Public A bit gentrified for my taste but the atmosphere is always right. They always add different seasonal cocktails to the menu and the food is delicious. Their Mac & cheese is a must!! The burgers are satisfying. And the drinks are delicious. Love the layout of the menu and the servers are very on point with their hospitality and charm.
I ordered the Harlem public burger: medium rare, Swiss, bacon, and with the side salad instead of fries or tots. AH-MAY-ZING! It was heavenly. It tasted so delicious. My mouth was happy to be eating that burger. That side salad was tasty too, but it was more of a black bean and corn salsa over greens, but I ain't complaining! My date ordered a grilled chicken sandwich which had some spice to it (chipotle mayo, jalapeño jack cheese) & tater tots. He was loving it too! We had Narragansett shandy's to wash it all down. We are new fans of Harlem Public and would come again!
This place definitely brings the hipster crowd to Harlem. If you are looking for a cool down to earth bar, this is the place. No hassle at the door, long lines & it's drama free....  I totally Dig it!! They have a wide selection of beers so there should be something here for everyone. I had the pumpkin spice ale, which was so yummy!  I did not eat but my friends who did said the food was great and worth the added calories   :)    Not to mention my tab for 2 beers was $12.00, you can't beat that !!!!!
I've lived across the street from Harlem Public my whole life. If I was ever meeting up with friends, we would either go downtown or uptown - nothing ever this close. It's my "Cheers" bar. Good vibe. HP has a variety of beers (but unfortunately I don't drink beer). They have seasonal drink specials, which is great. My drink of choice is the Twizzler Vodka Lemonade. As far as the food, they often have specials, not on the menu. Last week I believe they had the salami, ham and cheese. There's definitely options for everyone. Good food. Can you guys add mozzarella sticks to the menu? Pretty please? Free popcorn to munch on while you drink (which is genius because it makes you thirsty). I'm glad Harlem Public is in my neighborhood! PS - It's always crowded! Even on a Tuesday night or Sunday night.
Harlem public has only provided me with wonderful nights. The atmosphere is really relaxed and the design of the bar is nice with all the dark weathered wood. Their outdoor seating is small and typical of sidewalk seating but is always nice when the weather is nice. The staff is always very attentive but not overwhelming or annoying. They have a reasonable beer selection that is reasonably priced, but I still find myself drinking the same thing time after time because I love the blue point brewery. I have only tried their hamburgers and fries but both are wonderful. The hamburger has always been cooked properly to my request and is fairly large. One of the best parts is the fresh brioche bun that the burger is served on. This is one of my favorite bars in the Harlem/Washington heights area between 145th and 168th
Went on a weds night and was pretty crowded! Great ambiance and crowd... A good mix of people. Decent draft beer selection. I didn't get any food but the pics on here look awesome! Love that they give you a bowl of popcorn with your drinks. Definitely will be back for dinner or brunch sometime!
Pleasantly surprised! Didn't know they had places like this up in Harlem. In general it's a typical bar, similar to one you would find lower on the UWS. The beer selection is very good, they have great food and the crowd is fun. I came here last Saturday with a friend who had just moved to the area. We arrived around 7:00 and actually were able to grab seats at the bar. The menu is typical bar food, with burgers, bites and sandwiches. As for drinks, the beer selection isn't bad, but not terribly extensive. That being said, they have some good craft beers I've never seen before, and any place that sells drinks in a mason jar is a winner in my book. I think I'll need to come back here again to give a more thorough review, but this place was pretty cool.
Burgers, drinks, and service never disappoint here. It's my go-to place for a good burger and beer uptown. Don't even dare ordering a burger without their delicious bacon on it; you'll be denying your tastebuds the ultimate pleasure. I just wish they'd just get some sweet potato fries! The only complaint I have is that the place can get really packed, and you're left waiting an hour for a table because patrons park themselves down and don't want to leave. They're opening up a new place next door, but I wish they'd just expand their current restaurant.
Definitely one of the hidden gems of Harlem! Great, friendly place with sweet service. Best Tater Tots I've Ever Had!
This place is fucking awesome. I've frequented here for the last year and never wanted to leave a yelp review but I have to. I love it here. Food is great. Beer selection is great. Service is good. Fun place to hang out with friends and chill. If you don't live in Harlem, it's worth the trip uptown! Cheers!
Great addition to an ever-expanding Harlem. Good was great and they have an awesome selection of drinks on tap ranging from stouts to the sweet. I have been here twice and it was pumping both times. It's a really cool looking bar and the staff are really awesome. Loved the vibe. Loved the people. Loved the food.
One of the best options in the area for a solid meal. I went at noon for lunch, and it was easy to get a table. As many of the reviewers have mentioned, I imagine it gets pretty crowded in the evenings, particularly on weekends, so keep that in mind. The place is fairly small on the inside, with stools for most of the tables. There are some single stool seats facing the window if you want to fly solo. First - unlimited free popcorn! And it's really good. Just the right amount of salt/butter. They kept asking if we wanted another as soon as we finished. I can definitely get used to this. Ordered the fried pickles and they were quite good, and I don't even like pickles! I suppose this proves that if you fry anything it will taste good. Next time I want to try the avocado fries, since everyone is raving about them on here. For the main, I ordered the grilled cheese, which came with avocado and Doritos! I asked for no bacon, but you can have that on there too. I thought it was weird to have Doritos on a grilled cheese, but it was excellent! The tater tots were perfect. Would highly recommend this place if you live in the area. And if you want something quick, go right at noon for lunch!
Good food but four stars because three stars because the  music is really loud at 8:30ish pm when we were having dinner. The staff was really great though!
I have been there various times since my first review and each time I go there (whether on a Sunday, Thursday or Saturday) it is quite packed. The buffalo wings and guac are pretty good. The apple cider beer rocks. They play a mix or top 40 and 90s, 00s songs. Overall, I'm very glad this place is in my neighborhood, I just wish it was bigger!
Finally a fun bar in Harlem/Heights! Good selection of beers and food - I try to avoid coming here after 6 tho it gets wayyyy to crowded
Service was wonderful even with a packed house! The burgers and fries are messy good and the perfect amount of food. Needs are great most are locally made. An over all great place to eat drink and be social.
Came here last night during Monday Night football..place was packed. Wait time for a table of two was close to thirty minutes. But instead of becoming an angry black man about it since I was hungry I knew it was a good sign that this place was packed. Place was small, with a small bar but somehow managed to fit a good amount of people. We snatched two seats and ate some popcorn-which is their version of "bread" on the dinner table. Nice concept. Bartender attentive, made my Long Island Iced Tea strong. Ordered their classic burger and added eggs & bacon on my burger as per the options. Def a really good burger, made medium well like I asked, and the combo that I put on it made that burger the shiznizz. The burger itself though was bland, absolutely no seasoning in it. Only reason why the place lost one star. Bill was $55 or two burgers, three alcoholic drinks, and for the cool laid back vibe. Highly recommend it here to catch up with friends or to make some new ones. Will be back
Gentrification is in progress. It's long been buzzed about through the years that uptown Manhattan will slowly begin to change. Well, it has started and Harlem Public is a prime example. If I didn't know where I was, I would easily confuse this bar with those located downtown. The have a wide selection of craft beers, specialty cocktails and wine. The waiters are attentive and you can sit at a table without having to order dinner, plus they serve you unlimited free popcorn. Cute. I must say while the cocktails sound excellent on the menu and the initial tasting,  they quickly water down which is disappointing. Otherwise would've given it 5 stars. Lively young college crowd but not rowdy in the least. This place is classy while still exuding a young sorta hipster sporty bar feel to it. You should def check it out. It's perfect for pre-gaming or a chill low key night. Ill def keep coming back :)
Been here 2 times... great mac and cheese, great drinks! Nice downtown feel!! The avocado fries is a must.. nice selection of beer if you are into that.  The place is a bit small but so is everything else is NY
Whether it's for brunch, a drink (or 12) or dinner, everything here is delicious! Free, and very salty, popcorn gets you ready to try a new cocktail or beer! Harlem Public is high on my list every time I visit New York!
Harlem public is an adorable little bar. Lets get right to the food. I had the peanut butter bacon cheeseburger (it was a Saturday faturday) and it was the best thing I ever ate. I didn't know what to expect putting peanut butter on a burger thats outrageous but it seriously tasted like it belonged. I question how I ever ate plain normal cheeseburgers. Anyone can just throw crazy condiments on a burger but HP burger was in itself amazing. You could taste the actual burger which was so juicy and meaty. My friends had the loaded grilled cheese which they loved. The bread looked yummy. The cocktails were also all delicious, especially the fall-jito. I highly suggest this place.
Love this place. It's a great bar with great food. Everything is priced well and they also have a happy hour. They offer complimentary popcorn which is a plus. Nothing like eating something salty while you drink beer. I feel like I've had several dishes here and the two that standout the most for me are the burger and avocado fries. I've never had avocado fried so this was a first and something I care now from time to time. This place is way better than Harlem Tavern- fantastic service. The only negative comment is that they have a ton of TVs that takes away from the feel of the bar.
The food is good and the drinks are strong. This place really stands out in this neighborhood. I recommend it as a cool place to sit down and eat with some friends, or a date.
Very cute spot. I've only been a couple of times but always have a good time. Attended last night actually and ordered the fish sandwich (they brand your sandwich with "Public House" - uber cute!). And, to wash it down I tried the Twizzler pink lemonade - yum! Two thumbs up... Lots of TV's around for game nights - might have to add this to my rotation of regular bar hops! Enjoy...
I came here for a serious meeting amongst colleagues.  Bad idea, okay food. I went for the recommended peanut butter burger.  I figured the reference to peanut butter would be as a somewhat thinned sauce, well coated amongst the ingredients, like a pad thai sauce made of peanut butter.  But no, it was a slab of peanut butter on the bread above the bacon, such that it went bun-peanut butter-bacon-burger-melted cheese-bread.  It was very thick on some bites, and missing or oily on others.  It also needed the vinegar of ketchup to cut the thickness of the peanut butter, which then decreased the sweet bacon-y and cheesy flavor.   It needed to be nutella thickness, or honey mustard thickness.  :-(  Despite its conception, the burger was at the temperature I requested, and the tater tots on the side came hot and crispy. Also, BTW, they no longer stamp the bun with Harlem Public's name on it.  My bread came without being crisped/untoasted, and I wasn't asked if I wanted it differently. Restaurant is small in size but HUGE in volume.  It didn't help that, about 1/4 way into my group's talk, the music volume went up.   It was already loud enough!  No need to make everyone shout!  As a result, I had to order several more glasses of water because my voice was growing horse as I shouted. It was also really silly of the waitstaff to have put a party of 4 in a tiny bar-wide metal table right in front of the door.   Obviously the bigger party the more things with which they have to deal, and the more money they're going to spend.   Don't put us in the tiniest table when wall-side seating is available, and clearly one of us has a laptop that needs to stay charged.  Obviously, being right in front of the door is going to mean we will have to stay longer, because every time someone wants to leave or serve food, they have to interrupt our conversation and move me and the person sitting right next to us to leave.  Poor outlay, poor planning, or both.
I came here yesterday with two friends. Although we were seated right away, it took some time for someone to take our order. A couple came in after us and their food was ordered and came before ours, as well. That's kind of messed up. But the drinks, margaritas and twister was good. Also their apricot BBQ wings were good. Too bad their service was not up to par.
So so good!!! Blueberry beer is my favorite and the parmesan burger is to die for. Must try this place! Price is very affordable! 1 $10 for my burger...
Harlem Public....ummm technically you're not in Harlem. But you're cool so welcome to the cool kid's table:-) I really do love this place. Don't be turned off by the large crowd here because the tables and bar tend to turn over fairly quickly. Harlem Public has good bar food. The winning item on the menu is the mac-n-cheese, plain. My goodness, it's good. I like the burger too. They are very creative with their drink menu. You can get weird infused vodka drinks and there is a good selection of micro brews too that change up every time I visit. Among the professionals, college kids, locals, married couples, and first dates, I'm pretty much a regular now:-) ***I got told by a fellow Yelper that Harlem Public is indeed in Harlem. Oh, Snap! I stand corrected!***
GREAT drink menu! Lovedddd the Barrio margarita (Watermelon!). Also check out their whiskey menu. Mckenzie bourbon was pretty cheap ($8) but smooth and wonderful. Wings with the Asian sauce killed it too! A bit of a tight squeeze in there but that's a fault of their bustling business.
The only down side is the crowd, which makes it difficult to get a seat. I will say that the staff is very quick at finding you a place to unload. Once you have your spot, whether at a table or at the bar, be prepared for some delicious food and an awesome beer selection. Don't be afraid to try the PB Burger, it will become a new craving. The beer menu is always changing, so drink up!
I've been coming to Harlem Public since it first opened, in the beginning the vibe was great, They have really good food and beers but when you get accused of stealing drinks not once but TWICE! by a shorthaired arrogant full of herself bartender (Nicole) it no longer makes you feel welcomed. It sucks because this was suppose to be my "Local Pub" where I can have a drink, unwind, watch a game and be able to have the satisfaction of Walking* home but when you insult me of something so low & disgusting as stealing especially being a "REGULAR!" it makes me feel uncomfortable and not wanted. Now I'd rather deal with the 20 minute train ride downtown to a bar where I won't be falsely accused of something so vile as theft. It's such a shame because I'm a cool guy and I liked this place. MAYBE.. I'll come back in like 4 or 5 months to see if anything has changed.
Great food at HP. Lately I've really been enjoying Nick's Beet Salad, which is a complete meal, a very generous portion, and quite tasty and healthy. Also like the hummus; I appreciate I can skip the chips and get all pita with it. All the salads are great and you can substitute salad instead of fries for fifty cents. Can't beat that. Oh, and the wings are truly amazing. The Asian wings rock, but all of them are very meaty and tasty. The mac and cheese, and the grilled cheese, are both verboten for me now, but I highly recommend them both. Wow! I am not that into the chunky-granola craft beer scene, but I can usually find one or two lighter choices on tap, and if not, I can always get a can or bottle of High Life or Duvel. Sometimes I do find a craft beer I like, and the best thing is, the bartenders are willing to give you samples. If you like craft beer you will be amazed at the choices, the variety, and the quality. The best thing about HP is the staff and owners. They are very well trained, courteous and welcoming. Great to have a quality place only a block from me.
Great beer selection that is always rotating. Kind of in a cramped space as it gets crowded fairly quickly, get there early and grab a seat! People are fun and the food is good bar food, though I do feel it is a bit overpriced (then again, this is nyc). I recommend the mac and cheese. The avocado fries were okay. I give it 4 stars because I really enjoy the craft beer list they have on tap, since it's not just a list of NY craft beers. However, their happy hour isn't the best of deals
Free popcorn! I came here twice with my bf and we enjoyed ourselves. There is so many beer selections I chose the wrong kind first visit. Second time I ordered an seasonal cocktail that was really good . I would go back
This is my new favorite place to go uptown. I never thought I would find a place so classy around 145th St. For those who are offended by this statement - c'mon be real. It's not exactly the classy neighborhood with a mcdonalds and crown fried chicken every 3 blocks. I am, however, extremely surprised when I enter the bar and feel like I've been transported to some microbrewery in the East Village or LES. The lighting is just right and the TVs act as distractions to those that feel like avoiding eye contact. The beer is cheap for 9% heavy hitters and these are pretty rare to find on draft even if you go to a Gingermans or DBA.  The overall atmosphere is  friendly and refreshing.  I can even picture a fireplace in the corner if it weren't so packed with happy people. I keep coming here because the people are really friendly. I've always met interesting people when I go for a drink and it's always worked out for the best.  The free popcorn is always a good touch, and I don't think the music is too loud because the sounds of laughter and chatter are louder.   If you go for some bar food, you must try the peanut butter jelly burger. It sounds weird, but it's amazeballs.
A victim of their own popularity. Certainly a 5-star for the neighborhood, but if you are downtown/northern BK, this type of place can be found with ease. Let's break it down, shall we? Atmosphere: This is where they get in trouble in my book - the place was PACKED on a Thursday around 7pm. The hostess told us it'd be "maybe 20 minutes" for a table - we waited just over an hour... Otherwise, looks and feels great in there. I don't see it becoming any less crowded anytime soon. This kind of place is "unique" for the neighborhood, a destination. Drinks: Other's cover this better than I can. Good selection, friendly bartenders. Nothing mind-blowing, but again, considering the neighborhood and the lack of nearby options, it's top of the heap. Food: Lot's of HYPE here on yelp. Guess I'm spoiled by choice with my downtown digs. The PB Bacon Burger was tasty, small, certainly new to this palate. Mac & Cheese w/ Pulled Pork was the superior option In conclusion, I'm happy for people in the area, they've got a new hip joint. I'm not headed out of my way to travel uptown for a second visit.
Heaven forbid you try and give this place any feedback.  I posted on their Facebook page about the pricing of happy hour being high,  they replied " why don't you go on yelp and give us one star.... Oh wait you already did."  Then deleted both comments.  Really?  That is customer service.  Between that and the arrogant bartenders I am sure it's just a matter of time before this business is plummeting.
I absolutely loooooove Harlem Public!!!!!! I look forward to coming back each time I leave. The staff is fabulous, the food is outstanding.... I really enjoy the parm burger and the avo fries!!! The ambiance is cool and eclectic..... Bar is superb. I'd recommend this gem to ANYONE!!!
Great selection of beers with an even more impressive cocktail selection. I had The Public Burger and I was very pleased with my choice. The integrity of the bun could have been better but that's because my burger was juicy but a bit under done. Im excited to go back and try the other options they have, they look and sound awesome. The size of the place a bit small but creates an intimate vibe.
My friend insisted the grilled cheese here is to die for. I thought, "yes, everyone says that about their place". She wasn't lying! Food is pretty darn good. Large portions, friendly waiters (Jay is a sweetheart), accommodating staff, and outdoor seating. I had the Parmesan Burger on Grandaisy's Sourdough bread...can we talk about that bread? Thick, grilled, buttery, cheesy, subtly salty slices of bread with burger meat from short ribs.....????!!!! Ridic. Jay brought me a twizzler lemonade, which is candy infused vodka, lemon, simple syrup, mint and water. My waiter is a foodie like me, so hearing him describe food/drinks made me drool on site. My kid and my friend had the infamous grilled cheese, which had jalapeño jack, Brie, cheddar, and Gouda cheese on that heavenly sourdough. We were moaning throughout our meal so much, people began staring (and ordering the same!) Dinner came to $17 for my friend, and I paid $36. For 3 entrees, 1 cocktail, tax & tip that was very reasonable. My only disappointment is that they don't serve dessert, and the only place in the area to get sweets was Dunkin Donuts. Yuck. Get on that, HP! A key lime pie or sumthin'!
I had fallen out of the habit of writing reviews for Yelp. After 3 years and hundreds of write-ups, I was feeling fatigued. But Harlem Public provided my boyfriend and me with such an incredibly, shockingly wonderful dining experience that I felt compelled to log back in and throw together a review just to let the world know what a great establishment sits up at 149 and Broadway. We walked in around 8 on a Friday. The place was PACKED. But immediately, an employee happily took our name and invited us to grab a drink at the bar while we waited. I was feeling hella hangry (hungry-angry) and wasn't really in the mood to stand around forever, but my bf encouraged me to give it a shot. We "excuse-me'd" our way to the back end of the bar near the kitchen, where people were standing 2 or 3 deep. The possibility of getting served seemed slim if not non-existant. When suddenly, the impossible happened: a bartender saw us standing there drinkless, came out from behind the bar, and took our order. Never EVER before have I seen such wonderful care taken of bar patrons. Never. My hangriness disappeared almost immediately. We were finally seated at a 4-top with another couple sharing it with us. Anywhere else, this would've been annoying, but Harlem Public fosters such a wonderful spirit of community that it just felt natural. We ended up chatting with them and having a great time. The food: Avocado Fries - MUST HAVE Burger - one of the best I've have in NYC That's all I have to say. TL;DR - stellar service, killer noms, and hunky waiters. GO HERE.
This place has a great ambiance to it! It sure blends different types of people, music and drink and it creates this eclectic environment in the heart of Harlem/almost heights. The prices are good and affordable $6.50 for a Jameson and ginger ale at a bar in NYC not during happy hour?! No way! And the food was pretty delicious as well. I ordered the smack and cheese and it was good... But I was more jealous of the burger my friend ordered which looked ultimately delicious! I will definitely try that next time. And it seems like this will be my new neighborhood bar!
Probably one of the best bars to go for food. The menu is excellent. One of the best burgers in the city. Love the fried pickles. They always have excellent specials. Go early if you want to get a table. This placed is packed every night.
I get it, Harlem Public, you're not that into me. Is it because I can't just come and chill with you, because I've got a baby at home?  It's okay, I guess. That first time we hung out, you totally forgot the bacon and pulled pork on my burgers, and even though you didn't fix it on my credit card like you offered, I thought, no biggy, because you totally seemed genuine about it, and the ungarnished burgers were still really good.  But then you refused to take my order on the phone when I wanted to pick-up. That stung, I'm not going to lie. And tonight, when I came in to get some burgers to go, and you wouldn't even talk to me except to ask me to move. I mean, that hurts, since you were so sweet on those other people. I want to believe that you'll love me, Harlem Public, but I'm having a hard time holding onto hope.
We got together with 6 friends quite impromptu on a Saturday night & had a good time. Service was good. Good casual spot, good food, reasonably priced.
Two burgers the other night done well even though we asked for medium rare. For all their teasing about how burgers should be medium rare or pinker, their medium rare sure is very well done.
Remember to have some self respect before dealing with the door men who are aggressive and anti Gay !!!! These men are aggressive and hostile and will talk behind your back after they let us spend our hard earn money!!! When we left a girl left her purse inside ,we knocked on the door to see if it was possible for her to get in and the door man was a BEAST to all of us who stepped outside for a smoke !!! Guys n Dolls do your self a favor and skip this half ass establishment that wishes it had manhattan FLAIR !!!!! Respect Yourself !!!
So we live in NJ and spent Saturday afternoon enjoying medieval art at the Cloisters. That created thirst! Yelped for pub nearby. Just a couple miles away and so glad we went to Harlem Public around 5 pm. Small, eclectic, diverse, cozy,fun. Excellent server who let us sample some amazing beers. Shared the awesome avocado fries, wings. Concluded with a tasty Widow Jane bourbon.  Headed back to NJ after a delightful afternoon.
I am a fan! Finally a decent place to go out in the area. Great drinks, relatively inexpensive, excellent beer selection, and satisfying food. Gotta love the outdoor seating as well! Try coming here for dinner or early evening drinks. Expect a crowd pretty much any time though. Great for drinks with a small group - especially if you want to sit outside.
This is my second time at this tiny establishment. It's a small bar with really good food and tons of beer. It gets super crowded very quickly and can be kinda loud, so keep this in mind when your stopping by! I've only gone 2 people at a time so I've never had to wait very long but I can see that if you come with more people the wait time can easily be an hour. The service has always been really good also. Both times I have come I've gotten the blueberry beer! I don't know the brand (I keep forgetting) but the waitresses know which one it is! It's soo yummy! My boyfriend got the Firefox a jalapeño and tequila based drink that was surprisingly good! The first time I came I got the salad which comes with a black bean salsa and avocado fries!!!!! I devoured it! It was amazing! The second time I came I got the BLT with chipotle mayo on sourdough, again, amazing. The sourdough was perfect! My boyfriend got a burger with Parmesan encrusted sourdough and pickled onions, also amazing, and as an appetizer we got the avocado fries. You need to try these!! They are crunchy, not oily, and just amazing. I know I've said amazing about 20 times in this review, but I really enjoy the food there. Thursday nights they have live jazz which is a nice treat. And they now do take out orders!!! Only downside is that the open at 3, so if you want lunch, you're outta luck!
I'm not a huge meat eater, but I am a huge peanut butter eater and the peanut butter burger was mouthwatering good.  I might actually never eat another burger without peanut butter on it again. I was also impressed with the gin & rosemary cocktail with fresh herbs from the garden across the street. And probably the best thing about this place is the extremely reasonable prices.  Not bad for a NYC hot spot.
Great spot, good food selection, amazing service. And so close to my house. What else can I ask for :)
The first time I came here I had a wizard of oz moment. Remember when Dorothy was in black and white, then she walked out of  her house that landed on a witch in OZ, and everything was in color? That's what I mean by an Wizard of OZ moment. We stepped inside this joint and i turned to my friend and said "toto, we're not in Harlem anymore...I think the tornado dropped us of in Williamsburg."  Everyone was Caucasian and sporting cool black framed glasses with tight skinny jeans. WOT?! This place looks like something you'd find in a cute part of Williamsburg or Fort Greene, Brooklyn. A much needed place in this part of town. I don't always want to go downtown to grab a drink or a burger and this is an excellent alternative. The food is amazing. I always start off with the fried pickles! I've only had their house burger but they seem to have a great selection of different burgers and sandwiches. The second time I  was there, there was a more ethnically diverse crowd and It was PACKED and everyone was having a grand time. I've also been here for happy hour; Great beers from the tap and some good cocktails, too. Friendly staff and  attentive staff but still understaffed considering how busy this place gets so there are moments where you're looking for your server but he/ she is busy. I LOVE this place. I want this place to do really well so more cute restaurants and bars will find their way uptown.
Got here early on a Friday. Different atmosphere. Chill and quiet. We could have a nice conversation and enjoy this lovely place in the hood. Had the Harlem burger and the pulled pork burger. Both good but the pulled pork is amazing. That will be my go to from now on! Great place. Always super packed. But lunch time and happy hour times are manageable for people not wanting to scream to be heard :)
Harlem Public is the hotspot of Hamilton Heights - bustling to the brim on a Wednesday night at 9p, the small barestaurant raucous with excited chatter.   The staff is SO nice here - from the hostess to our awesome waiter Jay who never let our water glasses fall too low, promptly refilled beers as we downed the last golden drops, and made sure everything was great. We ate a couple Public burgers, customizable with toppings of choice.  The gent topped his with coleslaw and raw onions (next stop - makeout city!), while I opted for brown sugar bacon and egg - though Jay misstepped and gave me caramelized onions instead, which were also tasty, but man that egg would've been ace!  The airy brioche bun comes branded with Harlem Public's moniker, encasing a succulent little burger that was flavorful and meaty. Burgers come with choice of fries, tator tots or salad for an additional $1.50.  The boy's fries were slightly on the cold side, but my tator tots were brilliantly crisp and hot. After dinner, Jay shook both our hands, and said it was a pleasure.  I can't remember the last time I shook hands with my waiter, but I guess it's pretty tot-ful.  Thoughtful...Tot-ful - elbow jab.  Okay. Just go.  Don't be a pun-k.
Holy Cow is this place good. Come here early for brunch or for dinner and drinks with friends or you won't get a seat. My first time here was a Saturday afternoon, I went with my brother and there was some live jazz music playing. We got seats, free popcorn, good service and good food. After that, it became a local fav and I've been coming here ever since. I ate with a friend here and she was totally amazed at how good the burger she had was. Beer selection and liquors are good here and I'm super impressed with how varied and local they keep it. I was totally surprised on a Sunday, noon-time, to find that there was brunch. It was hard to get a table, but my gf and I got seated and served drinks in no-time and eventually wound up with outdoor seating. Also, the PB Burger Sandwich is surprisingly good. If only this place had more competition (I feel like it's the only bar worth going to if you're in the neighborhood) maybe it wouldn't be so crowded! If you want to chill and enjoy the good food here, come before the rush. After 9pm, you're out of luck, because there's only standing room and it gets loud. No space at the bar and you're like waving your arms for the bartender's attention. Avoid game nights, unless you're into feeling like a sardine with a beer bottle in your hand and rubbing against strangers.  DO COME FOR THE FOOD though. You won't regret it.
Me and a friend discovered this place when on a late-night burger hunt. Best decision ever! The burgers here are AMAZING and I'm excited to see what else they can come up with. The decor is very American-Pub-like, and reminded me of the Pubs in Brooklyn. There is also a HUGE number of great beers on tap! The staff is nice and accommodating, but it can get really packed at  night (which is almost every night as far as I can tell), and it's a little on the pricey side. I will definitely make this one of my regular spots for a beer and burger from now on!
When word came that Hamilton Heights was getting a new pub, my roommate and I cheered!  Finally, a place to hang out.  Weeeelllll ..... it's taken a long time for us to finally get in there and get a table, since it has been discovered by the 20-somethings and the Columbia crowd (that's what it looks like).   But finally, midafternoon on a Saturday, and in we walked to find a table awaiting us.  YAY! And I'm thrilled we finally got in - I took a leap of faith and tried their Peanut Butter Burger.  Now, I'm a major league burger fan, but the thought of peanut butter, on top of a burger with cheese and bacon, made me leery.  I'm now a fan - that burger is DA BOMB!  The tater tots I opted for were nice and crisp on the outside, soft on the interior, and the fries my roommate got were nicely done as well.  I think it's safe to say we were all quite happy with our food. The ONLY quibble I might have?  Even on a not crowded Saturday afternoon, the music was up a bit loud.  It was very hard to have a conversation, which is what I go out with my friends to do .... chat over a good meal and a good drink.   Oh .... and maybe a few more ciders on the list?  Not everyone CAN drink beer ......
Harlem Public came highly recommended to be from a very close friend. As he loves it so much, we had a double date brunch there--it did not disappoint! I absolutely love the industrial chic with a hint of shabby chic atmosphere. It is the epitome of a diamond in the rough in the neighborhood. Standing out for style alone would have been enough, and yet, there's the food and drinks. Or, in this case, both! The Bloody Mary is truly a meal in and of its own with tater tots, bacon, olives, peppers and celery growing out of it--it's masterful. What a creation it is. And a great sight to see as it hits the table. It has the feeling of when you see an "A list" celebrity in real life--you've seen the photos, know all about them but then there they are. WOW, totally different. And now you feel closer to them. Make sure this drink hits your table when you visit. Someone always loves a Bloody Mary! The meals that don't double as cocktails are also really delicious! They have that feel of a high quality bar food--which is what it is! The dishes have elevated flavor combinations which give them that high-end restaurant feel. They are then plated with a scoop of fruit salad on the side or a sliced avocado which has a diner-y feel. Much like 1+2=3--in my mind--combines to high-end bar style. Harlem Public is very popular with lots of people filling it up. Definitely try it! And don't wait till you're in the neighborhood, take the trip there! ENJOY!
BLT sandwich is amazing! Cocktails are also awesome and great beer selection! Love having this in the neighborhood!
Over priced tepid beers on tap. Rude hipster bartenders and waitstaff. Food is alright, I mean its bar food. How can you really mess up a burger and fries? Never again.
Peanut butter burger AND Abita. What more do you want out of this life?
Been coming here since it opened and I just can't get enough. This place is fun no matter what time you come and I have never come and not sparked up crazy convo with my neighboring tables. EVERY DAMN BODY- bartenders, bouncers, customers, waiters/tresses, seems to be in such a fun living mood (probably because they've all found this uptown haven ;))  anyway. This place is the perfect if you're down for a great diverse crowd, EXCELLENT beer selection and amaze-balls Mac n cheese....oh did i mention the music selection?? yeahh buddy.....you will be rockin from the Bee-Gees to NWA to Tina Tuner to Snoop to Amy Winehouse...the selection keeps your head boppin, but never never disappoints with overplayed radio songs, just the hits you haven't heard in a while, ya know? shit is good, real good. Love this place.
The hostess was extremely rude...my sister almost choked on PB burger because of the copious amount of peanut butter..the drinks were so so...I've been to this establishment numerous times, but this last experience coupled with Chad V's email are the reasons why would never come back. Plus as I was waiting for a table the patrons walking out said "Not worth the wait" I should have listened. Waited for mediocre burger and prepackaged tots and fries. Chad V. noted that I did not leave a tip, but a tip is given if service is good. I already wasted $$ on meal now I must tip waitress/hostess....I DON'T THINK SO
I came across this bar from neighbors and decided my husband and I needed to try it out. We came here around 6:30 ish and the place was already packed. We were able to find seating and immediately were greeted by the friendliest dude ever. (yes I say dude, because thats the best way to describe this waiter). He was giving my husband high fives and was jus really awesome from the start. My husband got a kick out of his beer in a brown paper bag, which I was slightly jealous my vodka and cranberry couldn't fit in one. He was also impressed with the beer list, which is always a happy note for him. The food was delicious, but beware if you're not used to greasy food!!! We eat fresh but like to indulge every once in a while and this was that night! While the food tasted amazing, we ended up with some heartburn but I think we can say we expected it? Haha. He got the peanut butter burger and I got the amazing grilled cheese with tomato soup. Portions are large and filling, and leave your belly happy. The overall ambiance was super chill and everyone was friendly. I would highly recommend trying this place out for yourself.
This is the "CHEERS" of the neighborhood.  A really nice place in a not so nice area!  Cozy, Warm, Nice People.  Craft Beers, Specialty Drinks, Great Food! There's a whole list of unusual Specialty Burgers that WILL SATISFY you!  If you're up in this area,  You must stop in!  I chose the the "ADALYN"  Gin, Muddled Rosemary, Fresh Cucumbers, and Lemon,  Also, the Fresh Strawberry Mojito. Both were Fantastic!  After struggling to decided on what to order from the great drink menu, and the Craft Beer menu,  I struggled with their Food Menu.  Everything Looked, and Smelled Great!  Decisions, Decisions.  I Chose one of their Signature Burgers,  that was cooked Perfectly!! If I have to go back to Harlem,  This is where you'll find me!  Great Service, Friendly People!!  Enjoy, Chef Gary Curry
We liked this place a lot.  The service wasn't exactly *amazing* at our last visit, but it wasn't awful (the lunch staff was perhaps a little too laid back and got part of our order wrong, took a really long time to get us our check, then forgot to remove an extra charge for their mistake).  Just be prepared for a really INTENSE menu.  Everything was delicious but made us feel pretty gross afterward-- so much so that we didn't eat our leftovers, and there were a lot.  We ordered mac n cheese with pulled pork and one of the largest and most intense burgers I've ever seen with a gallon of fries and tater tots.  Everything was a bit over-salted but pretty tasty.  I think we would have enjoyed the food a lot more had we not eaten all day and then had 4 or 5 beers before ordering.  The decor is cute and there are lots of great beers.  I will definitely try again.
Great food! Love the mac and cheese. Place is always crowded, so be prepared for a wait...but it will be worth it. They always have great beers and ciders on tap. The BLT and chicken sandwich are also delicious!  The best restaurant/bar in Hamilton Heights.
This place is... a gem. An oasis. A sanctuary. My happy place. The wait staff and bartenders are lovely people. The food is absolutely delicious and the cocktails are everything. On NYE I had some incredible cucumber lemonade gin unicorn magic that was indescribable. Not sure if they're doing that all throughout the year though. They also have a really unique selection of beers, if you're into that. Tip: Get there early, get a table, eat, drink, and be merry. The place is tiny and it gets crowded quickly, but if you're seated, it's not a problem. However, the crowds and the staff are friendly, so need to worry about being packed tighter than sardines with total strangers. That's the fun of Harlem Public. *Just wanted to note that I used the words "sardines," "unicorn," "magic," and "oasis" all in one Yelp entry. BOOM. In your face.
Harlem Public is truly a diamond in the rough. I was almost reluctant to post a review because I don't want people to know about it. The crowd here is mostly the 25-34 crowd, very mixed. A lot of displaced professional folks looking for cheaper rent. Staff here is freaking amazing, beer selection is seasonal and fantastic. AND THE FOOD? INSANE. I had a peanut butter and bacon burger last time I was there. The tater tots are ridiculous, and so are the chicken wings. I've made some good friends that I actually keep in touch with at this spot. Serious gem in Harlem.
This place is great. I've been a handful of times and every meal has been stellar. I loved loved loved the poutin. Also must-orders are the grilled cheese, avocado fries, and the peanut butter burger. The huge Bloody Mary that they make with the fried stuff for a garnish is absolutely delicious as well. It gets crowded but that adds to the fun. Harlem Public is one of my favorite restaurants in the city!
It gets 5 stars because honestly, where do you find a bar like this one around here? This bar is down to earth cool, has an impressive beer list and you get to munch on free pop corn while playing board games. Go for the Blueberry beer if you want something light...the Delirium Tremens if you want a light tasting beer with a pow! I believe the alcohol level is 8.5%.  They are complete polar opposites but those aree my two favorites and I usually alternate between the two. The question I'm sure many people from this neighborhood ask themselves is "where did all the white people come from?" And i mean that in a completely non racist way... Its just pretty unusual. But then of course it all starts to makes sense, this bar is pretty unusual for this area too.. Aha. Given its success marked by a consistent full house, I expect a good flow of similar establishments to follow suit in the near future.
"Maybe our whole meal could be avocado tempura fries?" Highlight: Avocado tempura fries The bar sits right on Broadway. No craving is left unsatisfied and the staff is gracious. It can get crowded so it is all about timing with this place. On repeat order are the avocado tempura fries which are such a welcome release from the barren wasteland of normal fries, cajun fries, onion rings etc. Also on repeat are the pierogies, pork mac and steez (mac n cheese remix) and the wings. Soon to be on repeat is the grilled cheese stuffed between two slices of soft yet toasted sourdough bread, along with bacon and avocado. Yes.
Harlem Public - hipster kinda place. Good chill spot Staff: Friendly. Service: Good. Food: BBQ Chicken Wings - pretty good. Crowd: Somewhat mix. The bar is ALWAYS crowded.  Like in most places - they have their regular customers. Something new and different in Harlem. Oh yeah - they serve popcorn.
Cozy atmosphere, good food & great service ( thank you Lo). I will be coming back for sure!
Some of the bartenders seem some what hipster arrogant and not very friendly at all. The drinks are way over priced, can't believe I payed $13 for a margarita especially on a week day. The food is average but after seeing that huge roach walk across the bar, you sorta lose your appetite hahhahahaha so gross! Wont be coming back here, way too many options in Manhattan.
This place is pretty great! The only real downside is that it gets incredibly crowded all the time... probably because it's really the only place of it's kind in this neighborhood. Beer selection is awesome and fairly priced. Their cocktails are interesting and delicious.  They serve Hillrock Bourbon which is a pretty awesome local organic bourbon. The food is actually pretty decent as well! They do have vegetarian options! They also have very NOT vegetarian options that look incredibly fun, like a fully loaded grilled cheese with guac and doritos, wow. Come here for great drinks and good food, but know that you are probably going to have to wait for a table and people can be quite ruthless in their pursuit to pop a squat. Fair warning... you're welcome.
*Clicks heels together three times* "There's no place like Harlem, there's no place like Harlem....." But why the hell am I in Williamsburg? I really hope I can give this place another shot but I don't know if I could go back and leave so disappointed again. I've been living in Harlem for four years now and of course, as soon as I leave my old apartment at 129th and 5th, that area blows up. My last two years spent on 149th have consisted of taking pricey cab rides to other parts of the city because my area lacks any sort of nightlife. Then along came Harlem Public. One Friday night, I searched for "bars" around my hood one night on my Yelp app, hoping, but knowing damn well that nothing new would come up and voila! Harlem Public. Beyond excited, I yanked a friend out of her apartment to check it out. It was cold and we made the uphill walk from Bradhurst to Broadway. Get ID'd and walk in and it's like every douchebag hipster that lives above 135th St. is inside this place chugging beers. It was so loud and so crowded that my friend and I couldn't even walk five steps into it and there was definitely no way to get to the bar and not one place to even stand, unless you wanted to stand in the doorway. We immediately left. I'm shocked to see so many great reviews on this place. Maybe I'm just too much of a betch to give uptown hipsters a chance. But honestly, there's a reason I don't live in Brooklyn. *edit Unbelievable the amount of hate mail I've gotten for writing this review. Can't people take a little satire?????? I'm not one to cave into pressure or not stand up or stand behind my reviews, but I'm also not in the business of pissing people off. Also didn't really think one negative review could ruin business for a place, but alas everyone else seems to think so, and the last thing I would want is a small business to cave because of my ONE not-so-favorable critique. *more sarcasm, in case you didn't figure that out. I'll give my best to Harlem Public and its patrons...I'm glad you all enjoy it! Just not my scene. Here's to hoping more development will come into our hood with a mix of places to appeal to other tastes.
Great place for food and drinks. Perfect hang out spot. Would of gave 5 stars but one of the lady's by the door wasn't very inviting when we came in. Our waitress changed our outlook.
Love this neighborhood sports joint! Terrific tater tots. The Wings are also on point and they have an awesome beer selection. I love the seer by the window to people watch and   You can also sit outside when the weather is nice.
The mac and cheese was REALLY cheesy and you could definitely spread the wealth between 2 or 3 people. The fried avacado slices were amazing and I'd eat them everyday
I'm obsessed with this place. For one, I can walk to this bar and walk back even in an inebriated state, so that is a plus. Also the atmosphere inside is incredibly friendly. The staff was so nice (even when I was drunkly making out at the bar), I felt bad about it, but thanks for not being mean. I ended up getting some hard cider, which was definitely a good choice. It came in a mason jar glass, which I thought was incredibly cute. The cider was really amazing too. I had an order of poutine. GET THIS. You will definitely not regret it. Another bonus is that everything is really well priced and it is such a fun place to go. Not to mention that there are two TVs, so if you want to watch some sports, have good food, and get a little tipsy, this is the place to go.
Parmesan burger is Very good! Sort of like the Sizzler's cheese bread. All the staff was very nice and best of all the bathrooms were clean!
4 stars for food & drinks, 3 for service, 2 for atmosphere. The place wreaks of popcorn (hey, just not a fan!), there's almost always a long wait (last time it was 45 mins on a Thursday), and I've been elbowed about 20x since I've been here (not enough room for patrons & servers to move around). If you come, try to get a seat at the bar. As for food-- the Parmesan-crusted burger is amazing, I've built my own, too. Tots and fries are good. I've had the salad with fried avocados and the mac & steez. Yum! The bartenders make great drinks, too.
Convenient spot for weekend brunch or a weeknight dinner. Easy to watch sports and socialize both inside and outside. Love it when they have live music in the patio seating. Great place for everyone - big groups, families, couples.
To give this bar anything less than five stars is insulting. The bar is incredible. You can't ask for more from a bar downtown. The bar is clean, staff is nice, drinks are awesome and the patrons are cool. Can't go wrong with that. I'm so happy to have a good bar in the area that serves good cocktails and hard to find beer. I've had a few items from the menu and have been extremely happy with every bite! Gets pretty crowded in here most nights, so beware. This is a true diamond in the rough!
As I waited for the page to load, I said to myself, "DEFINITELY FIVE STARS. DEFINITELY!" This place surprised the shit outta me: - All hipstered out, but not dirtbag types. More like cleaner, less-bed bug infected, and better styled hipster types; - A fun, different take on a bar menu (peanut butter hamburgers anyone?); - Reasonable drink prices - Large selection of drinks, including Don Julio tequila (which isnt always easy to come by); and - Very good service (thank you very cute blonde waitress that took care of myself, the two fellas and the nine girls we were with (call me (after i send you my number))). Count me as a regular whenever I get a chance to be in that area. PS: This comes from me, who is known for hating bars.
Yummy cider and super cute vibe! Though I felt like the peanut butter burger was overrated...it tasted pretty much just like a burger with peanut butter on it. Not sure what the hype is about.
I live within walking distance of this place and I love it. There's not a lot of great restaurants or bars in the area, so this place is very welcome. They are friendly. The food is great. The drinks are great. And the prices are very reasonable. It is really popular, so do expect the place to be crowded (especially later in the evening or weekends).
So here's the thing. The food here is incredible. There is nothing like it in the neighborhood, and therefore, is why it is always incredibly packed. Everything on the menu is good, and the peanut butter burger is infamously great. But your best bet is a regular burger (cooked medium, not medium rare as they suggest) topped with sharp cheddar and their signature applewood smoked bacon (which is some of the best bacon ever). For the fries, ask for a side of chipotle mayo as dipping sauce. It's addictive. The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is the staff. They are always rude and condescending, reminiscent of some trendy place downtown, which I guess is the vibe they're going for. When you come in, the host/hostess rarely greets you, and if they do, they look at you like, "What do you want?" Their table system is confusing, and you can never understand whether or not it's okay for you to sit somewhere without ordering food (just to drink) or if you can order food at the bar, etc. These are all reasonable questions, and it never seems to be the same answer, with the staff consistently acting like you're the biggest moron ever. Mind you, I am basing this on multiple different times, not just one person. I'm not asking for over-friendly jubilance, but just some bit of kindness or respect would be nice.
Harlem Public is probably one of the coolest bars I've been to in awhile. The prices of drinks are amazing. Wine is great. Beer is great. The FREE POPCORN is cool! Waiters are hot. What else can I ask for? There was some weird drunk girls sitting next to me and a friend when I got there. Other than that, it was a really chill place. I went on a Tuesday I believe and it was during the first days NYC was finally experiencing temperatures over 50 degrees, so you know everyone was out and about. Finding a table wasn't too much of a hassle, but just a heads up as the days get warmer during the summer time, it'll be a bit crowded but do-able. Gotta introduce my friends to this place. They'll be relieved to stray away from $14 cocktails and be happy with $6 wine glasses. Yum. And beer was around $4-$6 woo! I'll update soon when I try the food at Harlem Public.
I've been to Harlem Public four times since it opened and I think it really meets a need for solid neighborly bars between 125th and 160th streets. There are plenty of nice craft beers on tap, probably averaging around $6 - 7 each. If you're in the mood to nosh, the staff brings around some tasty popcorn OR you can order real food from the menu, which isn't huge, but is pretty cheap (the most expensive entree was $12). Try the Peanut Butter Bacon Burger if you're adventurous -- It. Is. Delicious! There are a few constructive criticisms i have of the place: (1) The management should print out a copy of the beer menu for folks at the tables because it's awkward to see the chalkboard when you're sitting down and there's a crowd between you and the bar; 2) On Sundays, the staff needs to pay attention to who's wearing what jerseys when deciding which football games to put on TV; I saw a party of six in Denver Broncos attire get up and leave after only one round because their game wasn't being shown, even after they talked to someone --  that's three hours of drink sales lost; put NFL RedZone on one of the TVs or something to avoid that; 3) There's one waiter -- a nice guy -- who calls guests "Big Chief." At first I thought I was the only person he called that and I joked with the rest of my party, "I know I'm fatter than you all, but really?" That's when we heard him call someone at another table "big chief" too. I don't think it's offensive, but my tip to that waiter: Don't. Just don't. Most adults don't like being called "big" (well, except in certain contexts) and if you insist on calling people "chief," they might tip you in wampum. Just sayin'.
Brooklyn hipster meets Harlem glitterati in this very smartly designed pub. While the night crowds are often deafening and standing-room-only, one can actually find a seat during the afternoons. The adventurous takes on classics, such as the peanut butter burger, avocado fries, and mac and cheese with pulled pork, often astonish. A wide selection of craft beers that rotates, and a very generous spirits selection. The crowd seems quite young and white, but as the night wears on, it gets more and more interesting. While it seems rather popular with the neighborhood 'mos, don't get too amorous with your significant other; security reminded us that it's a "family establishment" after I subconsciously put my hand on my boyfriend's ass. There were so many children there at 1am!
I've lived around the corner from here a little over 4 years and always loved it, but Harlem Public is the perfect addition to the neighborhood. Go any day of the week and you will see a pretty good representation of just about everyone who lives in the area. Excellent and very friendly staff. The beer selection changes regularly and from the few items I've had from the food menu, everything is great!
I just had to write a review on my second experience at Harlem Public.  It seems that they have the right idea but should definitely take ONE important pointer from Jon Taffer of Bar Rescue....NEVER PICK FOOD FROM A PLATE YOU ARE SERVING TO A PATRON.   Hubby and I went again last night for some drinks and a burger.  Bartenders were a little slow and had a little attitude in the beginning.  I requested some popcorn...only to turnaround and notice the bearded bartender eating from my popcorn bowl...I looked directly at him like WTF???  Here's the kicker he still serves the bowl of popcorn to us.  Did I want his hand in our popcorn...NO  Did I want to see his hand touch his mouth then my bowl...NO.   I understand this is an up and coming neighborhood...but this is New York City and we have standards.  No excuses!!  I recommend that you are always aware of what you're eating or drinking when here.  Otherwise I had an ok time and the other bar patrons were great!
I've been excited to enter Harlem Public since I saw it under construction months back. I had waited three times to get into this damn place once it opened. Yes. THREE. Two prior visits proved too crowded to even stand comfortably. I suppose the third time WAS the charm in this case. Some people claim, "This bar is just what West Harlem needs." I'll one up them. True, this is an excellent addition to an ever-burgeoning stretch of Broadway, but this bar is just what Manhattan needs...perhaps NYC...perhaps THE WORLD! If I may draw it back a bit, this is a damn fine establishment overall. Let's face it: a diverse crowd fills this place to its gills, and with good reason. The beer and drink selection is wide enough and varied. The new menu is absolutely delectable. The waitstaff is friendly and personable. The reclaimed wooden furniture and decorations throw out an insanely cozy vibe. The middle communal table happily forces you to make new friends. (Hello, Jeff! It was lovely hearing the life tale and stories of an unabashed Jewish gay man from New Jersey! You made my night infinitely better!) One, when I went, they had McKenzie Seasonal Reserve Hard Cider on draught; I feel bad that I'm cheating on my first favorite autumn drink, Woodchuck Fall Edition Cider, but DAMN. It tastes just LIKE apple cider. There isn't a hint of "hard" to it, despite the advertised 5% ABV. I was in heaven! The BLT was one if the best I've ever had. EVER. That is a bold and absolutely truthful claim. It was served on thick sliced crusty Grandaisy sourdough bread, perfectly grilled and delightfully buttery. The tomatoes and lettuce were fresh. The thick cut maple sugar bacon was asdhvbjkkjnlfjgfyrdkjbkjgdbjpisbgdsaaaaaaa...which is long form for AMAZING, clearly. The garlic chipotle mayo brought the sandwich completely together very nicely. Adam had the burger with cheese, and I had a bite...and a burger from them is definitely on my list of foods to try next! Juicy and flavorful, as perfect as a burger can be. The avocado fries are legit. It is THE perfect marriage of crunch and creaminess, all served with a side of ranch dressing (a.k.a.: ambrosia). This is a going to be a regular stop for my food and drink satiation needs from now on. I just wish other people didn't like it so much as well. (Sorry. My selfish only child genes just kicked in!)
I'm from Los Angeles but I'mbicoastal because I also live in Central New Jersey.   I promised myself that I was going to explore Harlem more. I used Yelp and found this place.  So I went here yesterday around 5pm.  I sat at the Bar and immediately was thrilled because of the Beers. I like drinking beer and so I tried 3 different ones.  Then  I had their regular cheeseburger and a tried the fried pickles.  Wow everything was so good!  I thoroughly enjoyed hanging at the bar as I met several great (a lot of diversity) people and had great conversations. It was a great place to go and had so much fun. Definitely on my favorite list!
Before 7 PM, this place is great to get a quick bite, enjoy some fine beer, and just refresh before starting the routine of "putting the kid to bed". And yes, I am one of those people who take their little kids to bars. We come to Harlem Public as a family, and so far haven't received any mean looks or anything, thank goodness. After 7 PM, it tends to get louder and filled more with younger / hipper folk. The space is tight, so you will probably bug the hell out of your table-neighbors if you need to step out 7 times in 20 minutes to take a phone call (yes, these numbers are real). I am happy Harlem Public is here, in the neighborhood.
Loved this place! We came on a Saturday around 7 for dinner. It definitely has more of a bar vibe (very loud music, people drinking). We knew it must be good since it was packed when we came. We got our table and menu and free popcorn (yum). One thing I wasn't a fan of was that the beers were written on a large chalkboard behind the bar which was hard to see from our table. They really need to get actual beer menus. There was quite a selection of unique microbrews but no descriptions. I feel like when you're drinking beer that's not common you really need the description. Now...the food. The menu is pretty big and so many things looked good! We ended up skipping an appetizer but they looked so good. Next time we're definitely planning on trying some apps. I ordered the peanut butter burger. The burger is topped with peanut butter, bacon and cheddar. It may sound odd but it's so gooey and delicious. My hubby got a bacon and cheddar burger which was also fantastic. The fries were also really good. The portions were good and we were full afterwards. My two complaints are that I wish they had an actual paper beer menu and that the music wasn't so loud. However, I will definitely come back because the food was really great and there aren't many places like Harlem Public in the neighborhood. I can't wait to to try some of the appetizers on the menu!
I hit the bar with a friend from the neighborhood 2 Sundays ago. Our bartender, Nicole, was top shelf - a combination of skill and personality that drinkers everywhere crave. The margaritas were stellar - Nicole mixes a special lemon blend. We couldn't stop drinking - we had 3 sneaky-packed drinks each. We staggered our separate ways, but not before we tried the mac and cheese with pulled pork. Someone in the kitchen should be arrested - it should be against the law to make something so delicious.It was like a trip to a heavenly culinary space with no taste to waste! Harlem Public is now near the top of my HH/bar list. One week ago Sunday, I met 3 of my brunch-bunch at about 1:30. The spot was packed, there was a good vibe, and the food looked inviting. We were ready. The brunch omelettes were below par, the pancakes were D.O.A. and the drinks were imaginative and tasty. Even the strawberry sangria had a kick. Enough said: Harlem Public has great drinks and tasty sides but the brunch lacks punch. Gotta keep it movin'.     Flava
I'm a serious fan. Just moved in the area. The perfect bar for me: good beer selection, outdoor seating, exceptionally good food, free popcorn and nice bartenders. The staff is super nice, Roni is an awesome bartender too. The only thing is it can get crowded on the weekends, I mean its the only bar like that around Hamilton Heights.  More places like this will probably start poping up around the neighborhood.  At least Harlem Public was the first!
Love the great constantly rotating beer selection, the peanut butter burger (really, you have to try it), and free popcorn. Always a fun night. Downside--can be on the noisy, cramped side of the spectrum. Service is usually decent, but sometimes a bit chaotic (as in be ready to wave ferociously to get someone's attention). Would love to see some seasonal menu rotation or specials to make this a true standout.
Simply amazing!!! This area of Harlem was in a dire need of an amazing pub such as Harlem Public. The beer here is simply amazing.  My favorites had to be the Delirium and the Blueberry beer.  The kitchen was still not open at the time we went, but should definitely be open by now since the gas is turned on.  They did however give you some nice good ol popcorn which was nice and salty, but not overdone. There was a special that day with a spicy bloody mary type drink, but I didnt dear try it haha. There are plenty of TVs showing games, communal seating with wooden benches, and a warm feeling here overall.  Emily is a great hostess, so I tip my hat off to her and her great service. It is great to have a place such as this right down the block from where I live, and highly recommend it to everyone.  If you like beer, or a good place in general, I definitely recommend Harlem Public. Cheers
Tuesday: *co-worker ranting about how awesome this place is* ME: eh. So I check out the menu (via menupages) and I saw they had wings and they types they had, I SWOONED and immediately agreed met up with my co-workers Friday. Friday: I'm Running a tad bit late, and luckily I managed to order before the kitchen closed and ordered the Asian style wings, and a beer after a short wait, I got my wings with some kind of garnish. READ: (Whatever it was, don't change it. EVER.) Nick, the server was gracious and the music was AWESOME, like not like your corny restaurant playlist with some "ok" songs. They even played MIchael Jackson and Biggie, I fell in love. Did I mention they served me a sprite in a jar? No? well they did. I was tickled. (READ: Don't change that either) I would definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a nice, chill (but busy) place to chill, eat and drink.
My friend and I checked out Harlem Public last night after hearing good things.  As longtime residents of the area, we were excited about the prospect of a quality watering hole nearby, especially since the nearest bars to us happen to be a good twenty-minute walk away along FDB.  We were pleased with this new addition to our neighborhood. Harlem Public is a lively, rustic beer pub, reminiscent of what you'd see in Brooklyn-- old timey decor, a fairly extensive and fairly priced beer menu, and friendly, attentive staff.  The kitchen had not opened yet on our visit, but from what we could see through the door, it looks like a restaurant-quality kitchen capable of great food, not a small, dingy bar one. At 8pm on a Friday night, the place was packed, mostly 20- and 30-something professionals, and fairly mixed for the Hamilton Heights neighborhood.  We had heard that there has been a fairly sizable gay presence too, but it was not evident on the night that we went.  It would be great if that were the case, since the area has a large gay population but lacks any decent meeting place outside of the odd night at a subpar Mexican restaurant down the block. Harlem Public is a terrific and most welcomed addition to West Harlem, and I'm excited about going more often in the future.
This place is AMAZING. The Peanut Burger is as good as it gets. Even the fries are freaking out of this world. I've been here about 6 times since it's opened and I plan on going again and again. The pulled pork burger is also a slam dunk. The beer selection is top-notch as well. 'Delirium Tremens' as well as a boat load of other ales are on tap. ps. If you're lucky there's free popcorn!
It's all fried food what's not to love? Listen don't come here thinking it's a date spot, don't come here expecting a salad, don't come here expecting to see people your age unless you graduated college after 2005. I didn't think this was a hipster spot at all, do people know what real hipsters are? I have clearly lived in NYC too long to see every neighborhood gentrify. This spot is very busy on a Saturday night, it seemed like most people were drinking. I guess if you like to chat up strangers at a bar this is for you. I want to come back to try the avocado fries. Plus they give you free popcorn for noshing.
Love, Love, Love. Dear Harlem Public, I love your space, I love your tavern look and I LOVE your beer! Wooden bar tables, cozy fire place area and communal seating which I'm starting to warm up to. I had a Delirium and I don't remember it being this strong but whoa! The bartender put brown sugar all around the rim of my glass to add some flavor to the beer. Between my bf and I was able to try a blueberry ale (?), Spaten octoberfest, and Ithaca Cascazilla. The Ithaca Cascazilla was stronger than I expected it to be but still delicious.
Came here after a Yelp! event. It was a pretty cool spot. They served free popcorn that wasn't kettle nor was it popcorn, but that didn't stop me from eating 6 baskets o' kernel. We also ordered the avocado fries which were exactly how you'd expect them, edible heaven. Beers were good. They had a large selection. Nice demographic of people, cool interior, very rustic. Also had 6 TV's which could place ALMOST all of the March Madness games. The waiter was sweet enough to change one of the TV's during March Madness for the Rangers game which was greatly appreciated by my boyfriend. The first waiter we had was kind of a douche but he was a good server other than the fact he was dying to take off his shirt to show us his 6-pack. We get it, you work out. Now go get my basket of popcorn.
After I thought bars were something of the past for me, my sister takes me to this gem.  The crowd is super mixed which I love, the bartenders are amazing, they have complimentary popcorn and they just started serving food.  I've only had one thing which were the Asian wings but they were banana sandwich!     They have a plethora of amazing beers, which I absolutely love and the crowd is over all very very friendly, which as a jaded new Yorker I really don't see much of,  over the past month and a half I've been to this place 3 times and I never leave without a smile on my face, whether it be from good conversation, or one too many cocktails.       This place is also a stones throw (okay about 3 blocks) from the 1 train.  I will definitely be frequenting this place a lot.  It is very, very, very recommended, bring out of towners here too, they'll have a blast.
Boy, oh boy. This is going to be one of my favorite spots in the neighborhood; I can already tell. My friend and I dropped in last night for a drink. Their kitchen and credit card machine weren't ready yet (they said they should be by next weekend), but we couldn't have cared less. The atmosphere was warm and beautiful--all dark woods and soft lights in industrial fixtures, with pictures of Harlem on the walls and oscillating fans on the ceiling. Their draught beer selection was creative, varied, and more than reasonably priced ($5-8). The bartenders let us try a couple before deciding. We took our drinks to the stools by the open window and enjoyed the beautiful weather, talking our way through two more beers each. The bar slowly filled to standing room only behind us, and the crowd featured all of the diversity and vivacity that our neighborhood is known for. The staff was attentive and friendly; they passed out bowls of popcorn and free plates of wings! It was a perfect evening. The ONLY thing I would suggest is to vary the music a bit--after doing such a great job of embracing Harlem in all of the decor, the indie rock playlist felt Williamsburg all the way. Hamilton Heights needed this so badly. Thank you, Harlem Public!
Excellent food. Great alcohol selection. Love the burger branding! Would definitely make this a regular bar!
This place is the best thing to happen to west harlem in a long time!  Finally, a social bar that we can hang out at in our own neighborhood!  No more traveling long distances just for a good drink in a fun atmosphere.  It feels so good just to be able to walk out of my apartment and over a few blocks to Harlem Public.  Good times!  Not only are the drinks great and affordable, the food is kick-ass!!! My only quibble is that there is just not enough room for all the folks who want to be there on any given night.  Heck, I went on a Monday night thinking it would be slower, but it was still packed to the gizzards!  I guess everyone had the same idea as me.  I am sure more bar businesses will catch notice of this jackpot of an area and options will start to happen.
I really like Harlem Public. I've been here a couple times with some friends and I must say that the staff is very friendly and very welcoming. Drinks and food are a little on the expensive side for me but its not too bad. This place is definitely a hipster spot, there's not too many other places like it around in the area which is why I really like it. Plus they give you popcorn! The only reason this place didn't get 5 stars is because it can get very crowded and finding a place to sit can be ridiculously difficult since people like to stay for hours and hours without end.
Sweet jebus this place is wonderful. The staff are funny, attentive, and kind. I want everything on the menu (when does that happen, even?!); everything I've tried so far has been marvelous. I just can't give it 5/5 because it's so loud on Fridays and Saturdays that I can't hear myself think. Do yourself a favor and go.
The good people at Harlem Public managed to create quite the social media buzz in the months leading up to their opening. And ... ... this eagerly anticipated bar has definitely lived up to the hype! The beer selection is fantastic, fairly priced, and constantly rotating. I'm not even a beer girl, but they always have either a cider or a fruity beer (blueberry, raspberry, etc.) for me to love. The crowd is usually lively, but not at all overwhelming. The food is an amazing experience for sure. How do you ever go wrong with complimentary popcorn? Plus tater tots, onion rings, and some of the most creative burgers I've ever seen. Only the brave and bold will try the Peanut Butter Burger*. But the real star here is Public's Burger. It is fantastic. Just ... fantastic. The custom meat blend is perfect. The toppings are high-quality. Brown sugar bacon? SERIOUSLY. My only gripe has to do with football Sunday. My boyfriend and I sat down at one of the church pew tables for burgers, beer, & my beloved New York Giants. But both of our views of the televisions were blocked by those hanging pendants over the bar! I guess we chose the most inconvenient seats in the house for football. The service was also a little slow both times that we ate there ... though I understand that they were still getting their bearings. So, only one star down. I really can't wait to see what the crew at HP comes up with next. You shouldn't wait, either! _____________________ * I couldn't resist any longer and tried the Peanut Butter Burger on my third visit. It tastes exactly how you think it would taste. The peanut butter kinda melts a little bit, and the bacon is just YUM. (I had it without cheese though.) I definitely recommend it!
Finally, a place uptown that doesn't need the qualifier "great...for the area."  This pub is outstanding.  Beautifully designed, great staff, and great crowd.   Will most certainly be a regular.
In a word.... WOW. I almost don't want to post a review, because this place is so popular already. I have lived in the Heights for years, and this is the first time I have a great bar I can walk to! My boyfriend and friend were so impressed. Seriously, everything was top notch - the drinks, the prices, the music, and most of all the staff. We already are planning to visit again. My hat is off to the owner - I wish you great success.
Bloody Mary as spicy as requested... This place is awesome. Menu that includes fried pickles, guac, burgers, AND an array of sandwiches. A chalkboard wall of specialty beer too. Harlem Public wins.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. Burgers are phenomenal. Food is always on point and fresh. The beers are great. The staff is great. Nicole the bartender is very sweat and wonderful to me when I bring friends and family. This place is changing the entire vibe of Harlem. Great Job!
The food is awesome! The drinks are amazing and the staff is the best! I really love their Mac and Cheese as well as their tater tots (I'm basically a 5yo in a man's body). This place is an awesome summer hangout as well. The only thing that's a pain is that it fills up real easily (a good sign for the biz, but means longer wait times for patrons). This is a hangout for everyone in Hamilton Heights and lower Washington Heights.
I can not rave enough about this little gem! Extremely affordable and TASTY TASTY food! The staff is very friendly and inviting. I like to go for lunch because it's much less crowded, and I usually chow down on their amazing veggie burger. They have a nice bar area for drinks and appetizers and indoor and outdoor seating for dinning in. The only complaint I have is that it's too small! It gets extremely crowded after 7pm most nights and the wait time can be between 30-60 minutes for a table. Overall, thus my favorite hangout bar in Harlem and my go to restaurant for visiting friends and family!! Cheers!
I frequent this hot spot as often as possible! Good food, good drinks, and usually a fun time w/ a vibrant atmosphere!  Wish more bars like this would open in the neighborhood.  Definitely a gem for this neighborhood! :)
I had the opportunity to eat here last night with a friend. First off, I'm not a huge burger fanatic but the burgers here were absolutely mouth wateringly delicious. They provide you with popcorn bowls once you sit down which was lovely since I was starving. I ordered the peanut butter burger. Holy smokes, who would have thought a burger slathered with peanut butter and bacon was so scrumptious?? It maybe be a heart attack in the making but well worth it. I ordered the onion rings, also good.  My friend had the publics burger with guacamole, bacon and a fried egg with French fries. He devoured it with a passion. I left half of mine, not because I didn't like it but because it was so filling. I didn't get a chance to taste any drinks. Be ready to pay 1.50 for additional toppings. No toppings come with the public burger. The place was nice and dim, with a nice fire place towards the back. I highly recommend coming here. Until next time, Mimi The location was
Favorite place uptown. The food, service, and drinks are so good, I go multiple times every time I'm in NYC.
The food is amazing. The staff is very courteous and friendly. I followed the hype and  had the peanut butter burger and I must say it's as good as everyone claims. Very delicious burger. My gf had the pork Mac and cheese and tho she doesn't usually eat a lot, she devoured the entire serving, not even offering me a taste, so I know it must've been good. It has a nice fireplace at the back that gives it a warm touch. The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is the space, which is kind of small. Still, highly recommend this place.
It was a group of 6 in a Friday night after Halloween, the place was crowded and the wait for a table it was an hour but we read the reviews and really wanted to try the food. We ordered drinks at the bar, excellent choice of beers, drinks are big and the price is excellent..once we got seated, we ordered right away and OMG the food is awesome, I ordered the BLT that was scrumptious everyone's food was delicious, service is great, all the employees are attentive..Loved this place, going back earlier on a non-weekend night.
Being new to the neighborhood of Harlem/Wash Heights, I visited this bar for the first time last night for a friends/Harlem local's 25th birthday. Not knowing this watering hole is nearly brand new to the neighborhood, I walked in and immediately felt a sense of community, homeliness, and family. Good spirits were flying, good beers were being poured and the laughs and cackles were welcoming. The draft beer selection is extensive and fairly priced. The warm lighting, natural wood tables and counters, and eclectic deco created an atmosphere perfect for young people to gather and drink. The place was crowded, but never too full - it was also a Saturday night. It's hopefully going to start a wave of new bars and hangouts to sprout up around the area of Broadway and 150th. This neighborhood needs it!
Awesome decore, very cozy for the winter, Apple Cider with Fireball was great, and the waitress was perfect. Her name was Nicole, She was super nice and had a fabulous hair cut! Grilled Cheese was perfection and the Macaroni was like heaven in my mouth! Would definitely go there again soon. Only issue I had was not enough hooks to hang your coats or bags. other than that it was a great time, I'm for sure a fan!
Great local spot in West Harlem/Hamilton Heights. AMAZING food. I've personally had the tomato soup, Hummus Burger, Seasonal Salad, Baked Mac and Steeze (all at different times of course). Neither me or people I was with have been disappointed with the food. They also have a great on tap beer selection and creative drinks. They open at noon so it's a great spot to go on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon. When it's nice out they open the large windows in the front and they have TV's showing whatever sporting event is going on that day. The servers are very nice. It does get tight in there as it is not very big so you will be sitting close to others. I would call and make a reservation if going with a group over 4 people. The bar is a good spot to sit but can also get crowded. It also gets very crowded at night, ususally 2 deep in at the bar. All and all a great spot for locals!
I love Harlem Public, except on weekends when it's overpopulated with drunken ass hats.  But to be fair, there is no other bar in the neighborhood, so it's not like the ass hats have any alternative. The food is truly great, and I love going right after work on a weekday, so I can get a nice seat by the window and have civilized conversations with my neighbors over fried pickles and popcorn.
Woohoo! As good as it gets in Harlem/Hamilton Heights. I'd come back here just for the hard cider and mason jars.
I really enjoy Harlem Public. They've got a varied menu and a really interesting cocktail menu featuring many really good drinks. Their outdoor seating is always fun and while the inside space is a bit small and cramped I do still really enjoy the vibe of this place. I'm on board with any place that serves drinks in mason jars. Will definitely come here again.
I really like this place. On any given night there's a great atmosphere and plenty of nice people to chat with.
This is a great place to take a date for Drinks. The prices here are very reasonable.  Also, the food is delicious,  I highly recommend Harlem Public to my friends. I would definitely return here for more Drinks and Food.
It's a great local bar. I live about 3 blocks away and whenever my friends and I are bored Harlem Public is our spot to go to grab a beer and some fries. It's a great environment, nice photos and bottles hanging around. The only bad thing is that it's small and at night it fills quickly. The staff so far has been super friendly and don't hassle you much.
The beers are always on point but what I have to rave about is the avocado fries. I don't eat avocado but these avocado fries make believers out of anyone. So freakin good. Started this review 1/20/13 and since then I go to Harlem Public a lot. Any time someone comes from out of town, i take them here.  Anytime someone from work wants to get drinks I tell them they have to try this place.  Anyone who has the avocado fries goes OMG and keeps asking me lets go back. This sunday i went for the brunch and every thing on the menu looked good. I had the pancakes that have maduros on them with nutella and man this was yummy.  I wasn't a fan of the maduros because of the glaze on them but overall the dish was gone in mins. Every time we go Jay always says hello and if he has time chats with us. I love this place and recommend to anyone.
They had me at small-batch rye whiskey.
I'm automatically a fan of this place because my brother has an apartment right above it. Bonus. This place defines it's location. I have never seen such a diverse group all emerge on a unique spot simply for superb food and drink. Other than the free stale popcorn everything else was amazing. They offer local and micro brews which they broadcast on a blackboard behind the bar. As a guest I drank what the host ordered. However, on my second visit here I had "The Harlem Collins" which was top notch. If you are looking for extraordinary libations with equally tasteful food and company I highly recommend Harlem Public.
Had a burger with cole slaw, pulled pork, and onion rings on it. What more could a man ask for? And the tots were prime. As for drinks, they have their own line of delicious draught beers and good, helpful bartenders. I'll be back soon!
Went there for a sunday football game. Got there at 1pm and the place had no where to sit which is expected during a giants game. Bartenders were nice and quick but the ppl bringing food were terrible.  Youre going to wait which is also expected. The worse part was I was in the mood for a burger and the place was out of 70% of the menu. Apparently they sold out. You have got to be kidding. Dont say you are bar if you are going to run out of burgers on a sunday. Atmosphere is nice. A lot of beers on tap. Id give it a three but I cant if you are going to run out of food.
Sooo happy this place has opened up walking distance from me! I have been frequenting this place since the night it opened. I love all the changes since and their different theme nights.  I absolutely LOVE the brunch they served prior to football season and really hope it comes back.  It can get really packed but I never had to wait too long for a table or a drink at the bar. Personal favs: avocado fries, Chicken sandwich, and Extra Loaded Grilled Cheese
Have been frequenting this place almost every Saturday night for the past three months or so. The food is good, drinks nothing to write home about but they get the job done. The waitstaff is great and really attentive. However, you really have to follow up with the hostesses in order to make sure you get seated. We waited for over an hour and a half (with me checking in a couple times) and people were treating the tables as first-come-first-serve with zero accountability from the hostess. No one goes out for the night expecting to babysit. It makes zero sense to me why any establishment would be okay with people taking "reserved" tables who are nursing a beer when you have parties who've been waiting to eat for almost two hours. Fiscally, it's mind-boggling. I brought up the issue and what had transpired with the manager and wasn't super psyched with how my friend and I were treated so unfortunately we left without eating and won't be back.
An angel whispered into my ear.  What?  Not sure if I caught that.  "Grilled cheese - cheddar, brie and pepper jack - loaded with guacamole,  bacon and crushed Doritos." Still hard to believe;  I'll take two.  The sandwich visits me in dreams, raining technicolor into greyscale.  And then again,  "macaroni and cheese and pulled pork - together." And right then,  I began to discover the large chunks of that succulent meat hidden within the large shells,  all oozing with what velveeta wishes it was.  All of this, surrounded by a landscape of tots and onion rings swaying like acres of wheat in the wind. The consistently fresh and rotating craft beer selection is another story for another day.
OK OK, I wanted to feel like everyone on here was paid to review this place, I really tried to prove everyone wrong...but I cant.  I must say I enjoyed this place, I had the "Oh snap" burger and it was great.  I wish I had gotten the avocado fries but I didn't want to eat too much.  This place is great for a casual after-work, i went on a Thursday and it was crowded but i grabbed a drink at the bar and was seated in about 20 minutes.  The servers are REALLY nice, and they don't keep coming to your table 500 times to "see how you're doing" because they want to give your table to someone else.  The place is NOT big, its pretty small, its crowded but I didn't die from heat exhaustion or sweat out my perm.  I have to return for the fries and to buy a Harlem Public glass.
This was an unfortunate experience. The food was fantastic but my waiter was rude. I had brunch an opted to have an orange juice rather than something alcoholic. He called me "lame" and embarrassed me in front of my friends and girlfriend. I was outraged. He had no idea who I was and what my history with alcohol was. I almost felt ashamed. I thought maybe after you got out of high school you stopped being judged for something as stupid as what you drink. Apparently not. Unless this waiter was still in high school. Food was great but Jay was a disappointing server and I'm considering never going back because of his comments.
My husband and I are definitely into craft beers.  We go to craft beer festivals. My husband manages a craft beer bar.  We spend 20 minutes in the craft beer section at Fairway. You get the picture. I have lived in West Harlem for 10 years; hubby five years, and it may seem silly to pin a neighborhood's identity on a bar, but Harlem Public is a fantastic representation of what this neighborhood has become and how its needs are being met. We went to HP on Sunday night towards the end of a Giants game; hubby saved me a seat at one of the long communal tables and I met him after work. Love the popcorn; love the fantastic selection of craft beers.  Don't know if they do flights but that would be a great idea. As I understand it the kitchen is still in development, so I'm going to give points for effort but the reality is those burgers are the size of fast food burgers and thus tasty but not very impressive. When the place cleared out a bit we were able to grab a two-top and had a nice view of the space. Noisy without being deafening and awesome music selection. Nice servers and they all live in the neighborhood. We will definitely be regulars at Harlem Public (just keep working on your food menu please!).
Great bar, great vibe, great energy. Finally a bar within the Washington Heights area that has great beer! Ever since it opened, it is seriously NEVER empty so finding a spot to sit can be tough sometimes. Regardless, I usually come out here and it's become a regular of mine because of convenience since Coogan's is overrated. Free popcorn as well! I lost my phone in the bar, and the bartender was so nice that he gave us 2 free beers as we were walking around looking for my phone. My friend also lost his iphone an hour earlier and someone ACTUALLY turned it in - faith in humanity restored!
Came here the first time and the kitchen was closed, so i enjoyed their cool selection of beer. Came back today just for the food. Deff became a must-come to spot for me. I don't know 'bout you but I LOVE Mac and cheese, and this place satisfied my Mac and cheese taste to the fullest! It was warm, creamy, and aldente. I also had The avocado fries, salad and had a bite of my husband's banging peanut butter burger. Need I say more? Yes ! The service was great and the ambiance was great as well. I was in heaven !!!!!! This place is a gem in mid Harlem. Hollaaaaaaa.
good beers, large choice, food is good : we had guacamole and burger, nice for a afternoon  meal, not too busy. We'll go back!
Te brunch menu is very creative and exciting with amazing egg dishes, and an awesome pancake with caramelized yellow plantains. Drink menu is on point also. Can get very very busy. I would love to go back for brunch one day. Great spot.
So happy that we are getting more and more great bars with great food and great beer uptown! We started with the fried pickles (some of the best I've ever had!), and I had the burger (quite good) and tried my boyfriend's pulled pork sandwich (EXCELLENT). Also tried the queso (too runny, pass on it) and veggie burger (I generally don't like them, this was no exception). LOVE the fries. Big beer selection (gives Buddha Beer Bar a lot of local competition)! While the service was fantastic (what a good-looking waitstaff!) and the vibe is just right, they lost a star by being a little heavy-handed on the salt and having the music too loud for early evening dinner time (save that volume for a little later!). Overall, an awesome dining experience. Highly recommended.
Had to try the peanut butter burger because I heard all the rave about it, and of course peanut butter rocks!  The only unfortunate part about it was that I couldn't finish it because I got too full on the free popcorn, and delicious avocado fries appetizer beforehand! The mac and steez with pulled pork is creamy smoky heaven.  The loaded grilled cheese on toasted sourdough had a sense of sweetness to it, and while it was filling, it wasn't too greasy so I didn't feel completely guilty about it not being the most healthy item on the menu.  I mean, doritos, come on! The twizzler lemonade was cool and refreshing on a summer night.  Of course tater tots are the obvious choice, whenever you have the choice!  These were a bit crispier than I usually like, but definitely solid tots! It's got a hipster vibe that's a bit out of place in the Harlem neighborhood it's located in, but that's part of its charm.
First experience in Harlem. Loved it. Tap list that anyone can find a favorite from. (I chose the Victory 2x IPA) peanut butter burger was probably best burger ever. Avocado fries were a little over hyped but still good. Ambiance: hip but not trying too hard. Definitely will go back.
And the gentrification of Harlem continues!  This is not the kind of bar you would expect to see in the neighborhood and that could be either a good or bad thing, depending on how you look at it.  Craft beers + vast whiskey and rye selection in the heart of Harlem?  Interesting!  I came here with some friends on a Saturday afternoon after stuffing ourselves at Dinosaur BBQ nearby.  The place was pretty hopping for around 4pm and the crowd was very diverse (it was awesome).  As is the case with most craft beers, they are pretty potent with a high ABV and a powerful taste.  They have a board above the bar with a list of their beers with descriptions included, which I found helpful.  The bartenders were friendly and very knowledgeable about whisk(e)y.  Definitely a cool spot.
This place is loud. Nothing but college kids who are finally legal to drink beer. Almost like you found yourself in a frat party. Food tries to be unique but just meh. Defiantly an overhyped place that has its reputation only because it has no opened competition
Loved the atmosphere, drinks were well priced and there was an extensive drink menu, free popcorn for as long as you want. We went during the day on a weekend and had a great time just hanging out! I would absolutely go again.
Great food and great beer selection always!
I said I'd give you guys five stars if the fried pickle helpings had gotten more generous. Finally got around to ordering them again, and the serving size is now decent. Still think the starters are a little pricy, but I'm a woman of my word.
I will like to start by saying,, "it's about time we get a real bar in dis neighborhood""!! Harlem public,, love the name n once I went in to check it out,, it took me to a pls where I can't even imagine I was around da way. The selection if beers is mind blowing,, the food is mmmmm mmm good.. The ppl that go there makes u feel like u know them from way back. The staff makes u feel like family, always smiling n give me one of da best welcome I've had , coming into a bar. I recommend dis place to all dat love da bar life n for those dat don't.. Believe me u will love it. It's like da show "cheers",, everyone tlking n having a great time. Thnk you for coming to dis neighborhood!!! ;-)
I really wanted to like this place. But I just don't. When it first opened, I thought it would be a nice change of pace in the neighborhood but it's just not very good. We've come twice. The first was during brunch on a Saturday. Our waiter was incredibly high and oddly hostile from the moment we sat down. The beers were interesting and the mixed drink I got was good. But the perogis were the definition of meh and the burgers were soaked in grease. I mean so soaked that the burger bun fell apart under the weight of the grease. We thought we'd give it another shot last night. The host was super nice but the bartender completely ignored me while I waited for my friend and fiancé. She only seemed to be paying attention to the guys. After we were seated, we got the hummus which was delicious. And served with half nacho chips? Really? The waitress was fine, if not particularly attentive. Then we all got grilled cheese. And all 3 were burnt. Like beyond grilled and well into "Oh no, we forgot the grilled cheeses" territory. All three of us got different sides. The tater tots and onion rings would've been amazing if they hadn't been doused in salt so it was all you could taste. I wanted to love Harlem Public but now I just feel ripped off by all the hype. -- Edit to respond to restaurant response... Hi Chad, this is Jules V's fiancé. Thanks for apologizing about the (second) poor experience we had at your restaurant. I figured I'd respond though since what you wrote is generally false and/or misleading. I'll go through it line by line so that any interested readers have a bit fuller picture. I'm glad you feel our food wasn't burned... but I guess we'll just have to agree to disagree. I know that when bread crust tastes primarily like char then it might be at least a little overdone. I would hazard to guess that you did not actually eat our food, so I would take what you say about our dinner with a grain of salt (or a mountain if it was one of your fried sides...) I did not actually finish my sandwich, and left quite a bit of the tots on the side. Rather, I ate the middle out of it and left a good bit of the charred crust. The friend we were with noted that the food wasn't very good, but she had a crazy day at work and had not gotten to eat lunch at all and basically hoovered (as she jokingly put it) everything in front of her because she was so hungry. As for the takeaway bag, my fiancee said she figured that maybe the onion rings might be better and taste a bit less salty upon reheating, since she said that other than the oversalting they were actually quite delicious. Trust me, we did not end up eating ANY of the leftovers and just ended up throwing them out in the morning. You are correct that we never openly complained about the food while in the restaurant... partially because I'm not sure what it would have accomplished. When asked about the food, we responded with a fairly muted "Meh" type of response. I think I basically said something in the vein of "It's fine" or "It's ok" in a relatively negative tone. Besides, judging by your indignant and condescending reply to a simple Yelp review I think we guessed right when we assumed our concerns would fall on deaf ears. I can picture it now, you coming out of the back, "Kitchen Nightmares" style, coming out to tell us that grilled cheese crust is supposed to taste like charcoal and we just don't have sophisticated enough palates to appreciate fried sides that taste like they were delivered from a salt mine. So sure, you can feign like you would have graciously comped our meal because we were displeased but it seems more like we would have just had to deal with your attitude in person rather than after fact via a hilariously off base Yelp response. The Hummus remark was just more of an offhand remark. You seemed to take it quite hard though, especially when my fiancee did note that she enjoyed the actual hummus... Also, for the record, my fiancee tried to be nice in the original review and even made a concerted effort to highlight some of the positives and areas that could easily be improved with minor tweaks, but if you want to know the real truth? It was so bad that we swung by the grocery store for some additional food/snacks on the way home. Like, we're talking Simpsons style - youtube.com/watch?v=GdGD… P.S. Since you prompted an update to the original review, we both had stomach problems after this most recent Harlem Public experience. So thanks for that.
Not really in Harlem, but close enough. Unsure what neighborhood this is. Hamilton heights, I think.    Follow up 8/29/2013..It was great.  The brunch menu has a good variety and the food is outstanding.  The service is great as well.  Prices are pretty good, too.  Loved it.
"Let's meet at Harlem Public." I walk in and was amazed at how packed the place was on a Wednesday.  I ordered the burger and added the brown sugar bacon (because bacon makes everything better).  I was not disappointed.  Great food and a solid beer selection. This is a bar you want to visit: when you want to catch up with friends; when you want to talk about how great that girl looked in her dress on your second date; when you have finished planning your best friend's wedding and want to toast your victory; when you tried on the jacket that wouldn't have fit on you six months ago but now, not only does it fit, but it's too damn big.   This isn't a place to meet up to talk about your disastrous date; how your boss hates you; how your co-workers are plotting your exit.  No, save that for another bar. Come here to raise a pint to how sweet life is.  It doesn't last forever but for an hour or two here, it sure seems like it.
I have been coming here since it opened and love this place. The bartenders are great. I love coming in and sitting at the bar when either NIcole, Tori or Janine are working. They always make sure to take care of me and have great recommendations. Specifically, I love Nicole's moscow mule.. such a good drink... you should definitely ask for it when you go. Its a sport bar, so, if you re looking to have a business meeting I recommend you come in the afternoon when it isn't loud. I mean what do you expect? Its a sports bar. Its always packed but its because, in my opinion, there is no other place in the neighborhood that comes close to being as good. All around a great place. keep up the good work!
Best burger I've ever had.
I recently had a friend from college move to the upper west side from Louisville. We were finally able to grab dinner and a couple of beers. This is a popular spot to visit in Harlem, and deservedly so. There are some great options for beer, and the burgers and fries are terrific. The bacon is cured with brown sugar...really set the burger apart. I will definitely come back. The only reason this is 4 star instead of 5 is because of the noise level. The music is loud and there are a lot of people trying to talk.
Harlem Public=Da Bomb! PB burger transports you to Nirvana. The 'Mac n steez' just assassinated all other Mac n cheeses in all NYC. Nuf' said.
Only bar in the desolate area that its at, I have not had any of the food but the place is always packed because there is no where else to hang out haha
Wound up there for brunch at noon on a Saturday after a bust at our original location, and were surprised to find the place practically empty. That changed in about 15 minutes, but it was perfect when we arrived. Breakfast tacos and pulled pork hash were delicious, and service was good. The kids running around and shouting and acting up while we ate? Not as cool. But that's the danger of being the one good spot for food and beer, the Park Slope-minded make it their playground. Evenings and weeknights are probably safer for the grown-ups-who-prefer-the-company-of-only-other-­grown-ups-at-the-bar set.
Finally a reason for my friends to come Uptown! I live around the corner from Harlem Public, but it took me a few months to finally go inside. The reason being that it is always packed and I felt awkward saddling up to the bar by myself since all my friends live way downtown or in Brooklyn. The other night, I was finally able to convince a Brooklynite to come up to Harlem and check out the bar with me and I can't believe its taken me this long to get up here! Amazingly friendly and warm vibe, the bartenders are incredibly friendly and welcoming, and the beer selection is top-notch. My friend has already asked to come back next weekend. I can't recommend HP enough -- it's packed because it's the only legit bar in the area, not because it's trendy or college-y. Everyone inside is generally living in and around the neighborhood and down for a good time. Don't be like me -- saddle up to the bar and have a good time.
After a long & very stressful day my cousin & I were in the mood to eat. We were STARVING, not just ordinary starvation, but it was serious! I felt like my stomach was trying to bite itself. Thanks to my trusty & reliable yelp app & after 2 reviews; we were instantaneously drawn to Harlem Public! It must've been written in the stars for us to eat here! We found parking right across the street without searching. This is almost unheard of for early evening in Manhattan. (NY drivers can empathize). Upon entering, we were welcomed with warmth, a nice trendy ambiance, beautiful smiles & we snagged a comfy cozy seat right next to the iron cast fireplace. Our server was Adam, he was adorable, friendly & super attentive. Thank goodness for the fresh, hot buttery popcorn he placed on our table! Whew, it saved our lives; we went in! Piling those tasty cornels in our mouths we were trying to appear dainty; but My hunger took over and I was too hungry to care & started eating two at a time. LOL... Our food was delivered quickly, cooked perfectly and tasted oh so lovely. Thank God for my two hands! I had half of my bacon cheese pub burger in 1 hand, with a tater tot in the other; this was pretty much my position until I completed my meal!!! On a scale of 1-10, I'd give Harlem Public a 15 for overall experience! Just to see the decorations, great service, chill diverse clientele & AMAZING food we can't wait to go back again to enjoy more great food off of the menu. However, next time we dine here,we'll take a cab, so we can try their great assortment of drinks! You've gotta try it, trust me, you'll enjoy your time here!
I am not from New York, so when I walked into Harlem Public I didn't know what to expect.  Upon entering, I felt very welcome and comfortable as the place isn't overwhelming for a trendy gastropub.  Although the place was busy
have lived in the area for going on 7 years and could jump 10 feet I'm so happy about it. It gets super busy (con), but food, drink, music, atmosphere make up for that. brunch starts at 12pm, we walked right in and had the best nyc brunch i've had in years.
Came here on a friday with my partner and the fish sandwich was delicious. He had the veggie burger and loved it. They have a decent selection of beers and the avocado fries were awesome. The only thing I couldve done without was the Guacamole. I hated the corn in it and it needed some more lime in my opinion but its fine, theres so many places to get great guac in the city it wont keep me from coming back.
This is one of the best bars I've been to in NYC. I have been here several times and everything about this place hits my 5-star points. The beers are awesome and many of the taps are on rotation. The food is always top-notch, the ambience is exactly what I'm looking for in a neighborhood bar, and the bartenders and servers are the perfect balance of cool and friendly. It's not too big but not too small, not too pretentious but not trying too hard: it's a little bit sports bar and a little bit hipster hang out. I'd go so far as to say I would come here by myself. At least in the afternoon or early evening. I hope Harlem Public stays for at least as long as I'm here at grad school because it feels the most like my local pub back in Seattle: the Harlem/Washington Heights area could use a few more of these places in the neighborhood.
They have an amazing brunch on Sundays!  The regular menu includes a delicious Grilled Chicken sandwich which is out of this world, An unbelievable loaded Grill Cheese and THE PEANUT BUTTER BURGER!  Game Over.  This place has it going on.  Great drafts that are always being updated and popcorn!  I reccomend checking this place out!  Definitely a happening spot so if you need space to do cartwheels while drinking you will have to take a second to do them outside.  With that said I have been here a lot and I never feel ignored and or unattended to.
The best burgers in Manhattan. This is a unique and fun place to be. Bring the friends and family.  All can have a good time here.
Great atmosphere, good selection of drinks and signature food. Service is alright... Prices too. Definitely a cool place to go if you're from around the area.
I love this place for its location and its sentiment printed on the menu, "We are a bar. This is our food". Straightforward no bullshit. My friend is one for craft beers which I don't mind, and I was interested in staying uptown so I was happy this place was two stops away. Everyone is really nice and there wasn't one unappealing thing foodwise. I think I was more interested in the classy Moose Lodge industrial wood and tile work they had going on. Only problem is we could barely find a place to stand, let alone sit. This place is mobbed no matter when you go which only speaks to the need for more of these types of establishments in the area. Sunday afternoon-mobbed. Tuesday evening-mobbed. Mobday morning during Mobuary- mobbed. I really do love this place though and will continue to support it! Awesome food, drink and staff
Favorite neighborhood bar.  All the staff are very friendly, the rotating tap list always has some good things, and the burger (any of them) is pretty great.  Gets crowded early every night I've been there!
Stopped by here with two girlfriends...needless to say i now follow them on instagram and talk about going back already! Awesome drinks and food. Great spot
This place is great for beers and burgers at anytime of day. I highly recommend Saturday and Sunday early noons. Staff is super friendly and the beer selection is great.
Went with a friend of mine just because they have DUVEL (which is my fav beer in the world).  Food was greasy though, not a lot of "healthy" options which really sucks, and that is why I won't be coming back. I want some good food with my beer, not a greasy burger and fries. Atmosphere was cool though, and our server was very nice and helpful. Kudos to her!
I went here for the first time the other night and think it's definitely one of the top places in Hamilton Heights. I came in early with a friend and we sat at the bar, while waiting for a table. The drinks were awesome (and somewhat entertaining--her fig drink had a fig newton attached to the straw) and the food was A+. I wasn't expecting more than bar food but the fish tacos are awesome. The fish tasted fresh and the sauces on top were delicious. We also ordered the guacamole (delicious) and the fried pickles (my new obsession). Highly recommended spot.
One of my favorite spots in the neighborhood. Amazing food, super friendly staff, and great drinks. They have a great beer menu, wonderful food, somw items change with the seasons but thwre are always very good substitutes. My fave has been the turkey sando sandwich with the apples and apple butter,  plus awesome fried pickles.  Its a rustic and homey place, there is great little fire place area and some cool art all around as well. Better for a small group. My friends and really enjoy coming here, one comes down from CT and wants to go every time she visits. I never thought there would be this great of a bar so close to home. Plus I love that they serve drinks in mason jars, very souther comfort feel. Its a clean little establishment and you can tell the locals really love it. Great for catching a sports game too. Thumbs up!
Great burger. Great vibe. Great service. The  mac and cheese was not what I expected after reading the reviews. It tasted more like the seasoning, which I believe is garlic based, than actual cheese.  The shells were cooked al dente, but then again, there was not enough cheese on this dish. On the other hand, the burger was perfectly cooked. I suggest adding the sugar brown bacon. They give you the option of having fries, tater tots or salad as a side. I went for the fries which were okay. Thought the amount of fries was kind of small though. Although it has a good vibe inside, it was way too cold and dark for me to even read the menu. So we sat outside and the tables were actually pretty comfortable. Our server was very attentive but not disruptive. The location is perfect. I think this area needs more restaurants like this one. If I'm around, this will definitely be my to-go place. Plus they give you popcorn as soon as you sit down (big plus on my book).
Yup. After a quick drink we've moved on to my much anticipated Harlem Public. I ordered a gin gimlet. Miguel ordered the Longtail Coffee Stout. Delicious. And the price was right. One beer, one mixed drink 2 appetizers and a BLT. for under $50.
I always get the same thing- summer salad with fried chicken chunks ($5 extra) with a pop rock margarita. Great service in a neighborhood that doesn't have many bars. The brunch from 11-4 looks good but menu is limited until 5pm on weekends. I ran into Sway from MTV there recently. Cool spot- laid back, nice people.
Great beer and food selection in an underserved area. Thanks to the uptown location, things are a bit cheaper. The outdoor patio area is small, but serviceable. Feels less commercial than Harlem Tavern down in my hood, but kind of a similar idea (and ironically, similar name.) It sounds like it gets crazy during peak hours, so I'm glad I came on a weekday afternoon before things got nuts.
This is my favorite place that I was able to visit on my recent NY trip! Me and my buddy made our way Uptown to check this joint out as it came highly recommended on Yelp. We came in around 2PM in the afternoon and it wasn't too crowded. We saw many high tops and tables but opted to sit at the bar. The gentleman behind the bar was a guy named Ronnie and he seemed to be taking care of many people almost on his own. He thanked us for being patient with him and asked us what we wanted. They had a chalk board that included some of their best brews in the joint. He told me the Shipyard Pumpkin Head  was the best route to go...he was right as that was a good ass beer! The beer list here is outstanding to say the least. We were starving so it was time to order some eats. I went with the Peanut Butter Bacon Cheeseburger and it was definitely the right dish to grab on a very wet NY day. I found myself enjoying every bite of this burger and is one of the best I've ever had. All of their food options seemed like it would be a great choice. This place has great personality, cool ambience and great food/drinks. Next time I'm in Harlem, I'm definitely hitting up this joint.
I live two blocks away and I love it that there is an awesome local bar here, finally! I work in the EV at a bar and miss the crowd sometimes. Now we have it locally at last. Their burgers are amazing and they have a decent beer selection for a great price. Hope they'll add a happy hour soon. I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the outdoor seating!
I have never had a bad experience here. The staff is always friendly and attentive, even with a large crowd. Always a fun, lively place to go for some late night drinks, good crowd and good music. Great for lunch too - the loaded grilled cheese is mouth watering, but it's a pretty big sandwich so you might wanna share. Tatter tots and avocado fries are also delicious. Public house salad is good too, especially with the fried avocado. I've never had their famous peanut butter burger but my friend said it's one of the best burgers they've ever had - I'll try it eventually. Definitely one of my favorite places to go in the neighborhood.
Hands down the best bar in the neighborhood. Been here about 10 times and I've received great service every time. And the avocado fries?! SHEESH
Love their burger!
The thing is... I have been looking for a bar like this around this area and I have finally found it. I like the atmosphere and the clientele BUT the bartenders act like we are invisible. Every single time we ordered a beer we waited at least 10-15 minutes. The beers are great and are pretty cheap but sometimes the wait was way too long. ...ill go back though. ....I'm making this yelp review from the bar because I'm mad that I'm still waiting.
Love this local spot, I've been a fan since they opened and frequent it as much as I can. I love the burgers, grilled cheeses, fried avocados and their Adalyn  cocktail. Yum Yum Yum!!! This has definitely been one main restaurants who has place Hamilton Heights back on the map for NYC. Keep doing a great job guys!
OK I went back with a friend and we both tried the peanut butter burger. My experience was like night and day. This time, the ambiance was wonderful. We were seated at a table with respectable adults, not the obnoxious group of children who couldn't have been drinking for more than 2 years - legally (yes, I realize I sound like my mom, but I don't care). The beer list was amazing as usual and the waitress was in a great mood. Everything tasted fresh, we were able to hear our own conversation and the crowd was a perfect representation of my neighborhood! I'll be back soon.
Harlem Public is definitely a weakness of mine. I am an avid visitor and truly enjoy every bite of ever plate I have ever ordered there. From the Pulled Pork Sandwich to the Loaded Grilled Cheese and Fried Pickles...every item on this menu has its own delicious spin which leads to making you think "How in the world did they come up with such an amazing dish?" Now, if you're not only look for awesome food and want to add a little buzz to your meal like beer, then look no further, this is the place to be...hard liquor on the other hand not so much. Though their Coconut Margarita is absolutely delicious, a few of their other speciality drinks are a bit lacking to say the least...not in the creativity department or presentation but more like in the alcohol content. Service is almost always on point, they have a great, friendly staff (for the most part) unfortunately my most recent visit this past Sunday was not very pleasant. I had the rudest waiter I have ever encountered in my life. His attitude was disgusting and his disregard for my tables needs was just appalling. He snatched the check from my friends hand once we asked to speak to the manager due to his behavior and he returned with a pitiful response saying "I just can't find him right now" - when we asked to speak to anyone above him...he disappeared. Above everything I must say I love Harlem Public and with its vast array of savory and sweet options on their menu - I don't see them going anywhere anytime soon but UP! This is 100% a place you must go to with some friends to unwind. Not your typical bar that's for sure...I just hope you don't get stuck with my latest waiter who was a total buzz kill to an awesome night, meal and experience. Horrible service really does greatly impact a business. 4 stars for an amazing restaurant and menu but had to knock one off for the worst waiter ever.
What a great little bar in Harlem! I came to visit my sister and was in the mood for burgers so we ended up coming here. It seems to be quite a popular hang out, but the crowd was great and the beers were ice cold. They had a lot of locally brewed beer and the best app ever.. FRIED PICKLES!! I used to live in the south, so I can say that these were legit. We ended up getting wings - Asian is the way to go.. tangy and sweet! Definitely recommend coming here with a small group of people for a relaxing night out.
Hands-down best place for killer burgers and beer for the HamHi/WaHi/Inwood crowd. This place is all-around fantastic. They have some of the best burgers in NYC, an awesome, unique draft beer selection, and their waitstaff is somehow ALWAYS great. Even on a packed Friday night (because my wife and I are clearly not the only people that love them) they are relaxed, accommodating and friendly. Went in last night (with my wife who is 7 mo pregnant) and the manager snagged her an open seat at the bar (even though she clearly wouldn't be drinking). On top of that- the bartender was super nice and service was fast. Extra star for giving me extra pickles on baby-mama's cheeseburger. ;)
Finally, a place to hang out in my neighborhood! Harlem Public is a WELCOME addition -- friendly staff, interesting and creative food menu, great bar -- love the outdoor seating and brunch menu! Definitely want to encourage more live music!
Harlem Public is definitely a trend-setter in this neighborhood. I have watched this establishment grow from the early stages of its construction to a go-to place in Hamilton Heights. I will say this used to be one of my favorite places, and kind of still is, in my neighborhood but, lately the service hasn't been as great as it once used to be (when it first opened). Over the weekend, I had brunch there and my chicken tasted as though it wasn't 'de-frosted' correctly... frozen chicken strips, I hope that isn't the case. Nonetheless, I always bring my friends to this bar and I love the distinct cocktails and who can ever be mad about the FREE popcorn HP serves. I would like to see a more diverse staff that is a bit more attentive. Here is my list of pros and cons to sum up this review: Pros: *  Bar with great personality *  Awesome cocktails *  Serves really good burgers and Mac 'n Cheese - for this neighborhood *  They have a psychic that appears sometimes, great way to kill time while waiting for a table or your order *  Wi-Fi Cons: *  It is ALWAYS crowded, long wait time and no reservations *  No Pick-Up/Delivery service, you have to order at the restaurant and wait... *  Tight space, don't have your first date at this spot... it might be awkward *  Really bad 'forgetful' service *  Wi-Fi never works, properly
good feeling place, perfect for a sunny springish lunch.
I really enjoyed the food, drinks, and vibe of this place. I had the BBQ burger, Twizzler Lemonade, and the Watermelon drink. All were very good, and you should try them out. The wings look good too, and they serve popcorn! We had a seat outside, the service was great, and the people sitting near us were pretty cool. Oh, random, but I'm pretty sure at one point they were playing O Holy Night. I'll have to go back soon.
Consistently packed!  A large selection of beers and burgers can do that for a venue.
I moved into the neighborhood just before Harlem Public opened, and I must say, this place is a godsend. My only complaint is that I wish it were less crowded. You haven't had a burger until you've had their peanut butter-bacon-cheddar burger. Mac N Steez with Pulled Pork? I dare you to find a better version.Grab an avocado fry...oh my! Oh, and did I mention the BEER? HP has fantastic craft beers, rotating on draught daily. If you're a cocktail person, they excel in that department also, using local garden ingredients, and coming up with creative seasonal offerings.
When will they expand?? It gets so unbearably crowded. The only thing I've ordered here that was NOT unbelievable was the chicken breast sandwich. I wanted a healthy option.  Don't be stupid like me. I take people here for the avocado fries and the peanut butter burger.
This place is amazing....it's a bar with wonderfully decadent food, great craft beer list that's always rotating, .....noisy at times....often packed with people, and for good reason. I find it amazing that in the dozens of times I've been here, the service and food are always great - even when they're swamped. Love it. Love them.
Average food. Good fries. Definitely a fun place to chill but not great if you want to just grab food.
I love the space here and the food is good. I particularly recommend the parmesan crusted burger. The service has been declining, however. I feel like they might be getting a bit big for their breeches since this is a trendy, popular spot. The hostesses are usually dismissive, looking actually annoyed with your presence. More than once they have seated me in impossible spots due to high occupation. Once they promised my friend and me full menu service if we sat at the narrow counter along the window facing outside, just next to the bar, but it was very crowded, and no one ever came to take our order! We ended up ordering from the hostess. We had absolutely no service and it was so uncomfortably crowded with people squished between us and the bar that it was not even fun anymore. I have had good service experiences here, but they seem to be getting more few and far between. The man who always brings the food is by far the nicest person in the place. I recommend going on a not-so-busy night, like a Monday, a weird time like 5 pm, or when it is raining, if you want to enjoy yourself.
Avocado fries are so perfect, and the burgers are big and flavorful. Service is really nice and fast. I can't wait to come back!
Full Harlem Public review: uptownlovely.com/2014/09… Located on the Southeast corner of 149th Street and Broadway, Harlem Public is right on the edge of Hamilton Heights, an area that's seeing an influx of young professionals and a welcome (re)birth of new, thriving small businesses. If it's beer you're after, Harlem Public won't disappoint. They've got a large selection on tap, with tons of craft beers to spare.  Unfortunately I'm not a big fan of beer, that said I was much more focused on the cocktails selection which was colorful but not my style.  I ended up getting a regular margarita because hello, tequila!  It was just strong enough, but with too much salt on the rim for my taste. The menu- food and drink- is pretty eclectic.  You can tell that the owners and chef let their imaginations run wild when they set up the selection- with everything from Twizzler-infused vodka to peanut butter burgers there are tons of interesting dishes to choose from.  That said it felt a little more like the menu was an exercise in "What can we throw together?" versus building a thoughtfully crafted selection. For more overall thoughts on Harlem Public (and the rise of options in the Hamilton Heights neighborhood) please check out UptownLovely.com and reviews on other Harlem spots! Full Harlem Public review: uptownlovely.com/2014/09…
I've been using Yelp for several years now and am far too lazy to ever actually write a review for a place. But after going to Harlem Public, now that I've just moved in around the corner, I felt it extremely necessary to write a sparkling review for this place. Firstly, their wings are the best I've ever had in the city. The rest of their menu is great and their draft selection is ace. Servers are awesome, and the wait time on food is super speedy. Add in the fact that their popcorn is SO GOOD and that I met Laverne Cox from Orange is the New Black there, and you've got yourself the perfect spot to hang, drink, and eat for a cheaper and delightful experience up here in Sugar Hill.
Fantastic! Great vibe, great drinks, great food. We came a few thousand miles to see the Yankees (Derek Jeter's last 2 games). Came across this place randomly Yelping burgers. Definitely a hipster spot, not in a bad way. Started off with popcorn; always a good sign. The peanut butter burger and Oh Snap burger were great. Fries were solid also. Real good rotating beer selection. Service was top notch! We came back after the game and continued to be impressed. Highly recommended!
.Great food ideas for the most part well executed totally shocked by the frozen minced onion rings that accompanied my Peanut butter Burger. Try the Fried avocado skip the  Sweet-potato hash,  try either the Bloody Mary Blah Blah or the yum yum GO THERE.... you won't regret, even if you think tomato juice is gross.
Love Harlem Public! The drinks are perfectly crafted. The food is delish, and not just for bar food, it's just good. There is a really rude waitress named Alicia, but everyone else is super nice! Including the guy Taylor who works the door. It gets super crowded regardless of what time or what day of the week it is. It's usually pretty loud inside so if you're looking to go on a casual first date, don't.
Arrived around 4 on a Saturday afternoon and we were seated right away. The beer selection was really nice, and we both found something we liked. Food was delicious--we shared a pulled pork sandwich and a burger. We came really hungry and left satisfied, but not overly stuffed. The portions were perfect. Would definitely come back!
Visiting this little gem was an amazing experiences. We went for Sunday brunch and enjoyed some wonderful Bloody Mary's and their beer section was spectacular. I'd like to give a shout out to Wesley, our AMAZING server who was very attentive and friendly! Prices were excellent. We will definitely be going back.
Amazing. Short and sweet. Their specialty drinks are absolutely divine.  Iv never had anything short of delicious off of their menu and the service is always on point. The owners and manager always make a point of saying hello and the food is always piping hot and speedy. To call it bar food would be an absolute insult. The grilled cheese will change your life!
Roy's Top 5 Things to Know: 1. Service is great, friendly and very welcoming. 2. Their burgers and salads are great, can't go wrong here. Definitely a notch above typical bar food and lots of healthy options. 3. A couple of TVs if you want to watch the game. 4. They have outdoor seating as well and several specials, a welcoming place to Hamilton Heights. 5. One restroom
Cool spot. Fills up pretty quick. Kinda have to stalk a table down. Cool place to meet up with a friend. Not a group meeting place though. The Mac n Cheese is "the business" especially with bacon. It;s right off the 145 stop like 2 or 3 blocks north. Would recommend.
I moved to Harlem just a month ago and wanted to go out with my friends. This is the coolest tiny spot I could possibly find!!! Nice service, great drinks ( I highly recommend Coconut Margaritas) and popcorn!!!! YES YES YES.
I seldom give any establishment 5 stars but Harlem Public deserves every one of them!! Living in Washington Heights I became soooo sick of Hookah lounges with watered down and incorrectly mixed cocktails.  This place is perfect.  Drinks in mason jars, complimentary popcorn, the best asian wings I've ever had, and the friendliest staff I've ever met.  Jay, Anthony, and Nick make this place you'd want to frequent.  They are so sweet (and not bad to look at, hehe!) and their service is impeccable.  I think the bar has been open about a month and a half or so and my twin sister and I have already been there 3 times!! That's pretty impressive for me since I'm always dubbed as the party girl who loves to go clubbing.  This place is filled with good times, great conversation, and great people! Highly recommended!!!
After taking my friend's dog for a stroll, the pooch and I stopped by here to grab a beer and some hummus, well I stopped for a beer and hummus. The patio, while small, is nice and they allowed the dog to sit inside the patio. The server, Zack, was beyond nice. Truly outstanding demeanor. He recommended an excellent beer and even gave Xander, the dog, some attention. The hummus is really, really great. The BLT was awesome with tons of bacon, but the bread was a bit hard on my palate. The free popcorn was overly salted, but it's not like I paid for it. My only negatives are this place can get really packed beyond belief at night -- complete with a "bouncer," there's a credit card minimum (I think $15) and things can add up pretty fast here.
We can confidently say that this is not the kind of place that one expects to find in Hamilton Heights (let alone north of 59th Street). The décor is stylish, the beer list is excellent, and the crowd is young. And when I say crowd, I mean crowd - don't expect to be seated, at least not on a weekend. In fact, don't expect to be able to move much, either. That's okay, though: whether you wait for a table or not, the food is no slouch. I had the veggie burger with fries, and was pleased. Presentation was even a bit thoughtful: the buns had been branded with the name of the bar, something I had never seen before. Servers are friendly, despite the chaos (the bar gets VERY loud).
Great place! Enjoyed my meal thoroughly. Came in for brunch just before the service ended and was nicely accommodated. Nice ambiance, even though I'd say to turn down the music slightly. Definitely enjoyed the chicken and waffles with the habanero maple syrup. I could use a little more spice in it, but that's just me. Also have a great brunch drink menu.
Went there on a Friday night with three friends, and WOW were we impressed! Great beer selection (all in the $5-$8 range, nothing crazy), full bar, fun atmosphere, great music, SUPER sweet and courteous bar/wait staff, and complimentary popcorn!! I couldn't be happier with this new arrival in my neighborhood!!
This place is magic and the menu is weird and delicious. I live in Chinatown but happily trek uptown to meet friends here, it's worth the trip EVERY TIME! Come with a good friend and share: - Avocado fries (they do them here better than most) -Loaded Grilled Cheese & Peanut Butter Burger (unless you have a severe food allergy don't alter the original recipes it's unusual addictive and you will crave them) -Twizzler Lemonade (a fun cocktail but it packs a punch)
Finally a neighborhood bar in Hamilton Heights! A bit on the hipster side, but they are taking over New York - cant do much about that. As others have noted, it gets loud later in the evening. But, they have a great beer selection, helpful wait staff, and a great bar (aesthetically speaking). And - free popcorn with your drinks!! And who doesn't like free?!
The Harlem Public offers excellent food, but deplorable service. Having worked in the service industry myself for approximately five years, I do not place the blame on the staff. This place is always packed, and having two servers attempting to tend to over a dozen tables on a busy night is a recipe for disaster. The beer selection is decent, although it's nothing to write home about. One should expect a wait here on a weekend, and after being seated, one should not expect comfortable seating, nor should one expect to be able to hold a conversation above the din in this place. My favorite dish here is certainly the grilled cheese with guacamole and Doritos, although the peanut butter burger is also delectable. I would like to say I plan on coming back here again; however, after a number of frustrating experiences, the chances are quite small. Again, I blame management/ownership for understaffing this establishment. The food is great and the ambiance is fair, but as a result of constant customer inundation, even mediocre service seems out of the question. If they were to move to a larger space with more appropriate seating configurations and more staff on shifts I would doubtlessly recommend this place to my friends visiting from south of Harlem. That being said, I'd rather have a turkey sandwich from the deli down the block or microwave some Trader Joe's chili for dinner than put myself through the insufferable experience of the horrible service and crowd here. If the aforementioned complaints were to be changed, this would be a four or five star review. I'm still reticent to rate Harlem Public as highly as two stars, but the meals are excellent. It's everything else that's wrong.
Went for lunch on a Saturday and ordered too much food.  Their burgers are juicy.  The fries are fried expertly and super crispy.  The tater tots are a nice alternative offering.  I also ordered the pierogi which were alright but that might be because I .  Mac and steez was the standout.  The downside is that I ate lunch here and literally couldn't eat until the next day.  The food is heavy.  The atmosphere is very Williamsburg with more diversity.... probably not enough tbh.
I hate to say it but Harlem Public just did not live up to the hype for me. Many friends and countless reviews go on about the amazing food, tasty drinks and great atmosphere at Harlem Public that is unique to this neighborhood. Yes, there isn't anything else in the nearby area that has this kind of upscale hipster vibe that I secretly love. But I felt that the space was way too cramped and loud for me to enjoy. For one, I wasn't sure if I was in a bar or a restaurant because most of the space consisted of seated tables like a restaurant, but was as loud and cramped as a rowdy bar. Many seats at tables had to be lifted, scooted or pushed out of the way for us to get to our table, and it was hard to keep conversation going with anyone not sitting directly next to me because it was so loud. But on to the positives: I thought the cocktails were really clever, unique and delicious (I had The Smith and the Twizzler-infused vodka cocktail, both of which I highly recommend). The food was very good. The Mac & Steez was incredible, but I think the Avocado Fries are over-hyped. All in all, I don't know if I'd come back because it's out of the way for me. BUT there's another bar right next door that just opened & is going to be big competition for HP (it's called At The Wallace & I had a much better time there).
Awesome burgers, bar food, and beer selection.
PROS: Decent enough food & drinks. Nice ambiance with mood lighting & good music. CONS: Thanks to the staff for double charging my card and not reimbursing me as you promised on the phone! That alone will stop me from coming back here. And another reason - no room to move / escape the guy with halitosis in my face on a Friday night.
I've tried the famed peanut butter burger. My feeling was "meh," but my partner loves it. I prefer the cheese, guacamole, and pork belly dip, grilled cheese sandwich, mac and cheese, perogis, and cheese burger. Great food. The beer selection changes frequently.
I've probably never consumed so many calories so happily in one place. The peanut butter burger is really what you'd thin it would taste like, and it's pretty stellar. I would never have chosen a combination like that on my own, but it's definitely worth a shot for anyone who even remotely likes peanut butter. The BBQ pork burger was definitely my favorite, though. It had such succulent flavor, and it just melts in your mouth. Lastly, the avocado fries are unique and really nicely done. I could eat those instead of fries forever! Great beer list and cocktail list. The space is a little loud for me, and the chairs are a little too close to your neighbors', but if you want to try something delicious - and if you plan on exercising heavily in the next 24 hours - it's definitely a place to check out.
If zero stars were an option, that's what Harlem Public would get! I went on a Friday night to order food to go (they don't deliver) and I sat at the bar and had a beer while I waited for my food. I realize Friday nights are busy, but the bartender (a guy with not-quite-shoulder-length dark brown hair and a beard, identified on the receipt only as "Bartender 200") not only completely treated me like a second-class citizen (I guess you have to open a tab and spend lots of money to be deemed worthy on a Friday) but when I decided to also take a growler of beer home, he was ONE THOUSAND PERCENT misleading about the price (growler prices aren't on the menu to be seen in writing) and literally charged me DOUBLE the price we had discussed...or at least, tried to discuss during tiny pockets of time when he wasn't servicing "more important" customers. I could literally go on and on and on about the things that were wrong with my experience tonight (my "medium rare" burger came with no semblance of pink, and included things I'd requested be left off; I got fries instead of the side salad I'd ordered, and on a night when it was pouring rain, I was given ONE paper bag in which to carry my food that fell apart completely on my way home, and NO bag for the growler). I don't care how busy you are, this is absolutely unacceptable service. If you must visit this place, go on a Monday or Tuesday when you might actually be treated like a PAYING CUSTOMER. I am disgusted and horrified by the way I was treated tonight and, despite how much I love their parmesan crusted burger, will likely never return.
I was shocked at how impressive the food is at this place. I was expecting something vaguely tasty...typical brunch like Toast or Kitchenette with a nice bar, but something about this place is really special. I had the sausage gravy over tots which was crunchy, creamy, meaty deliciousness. The brunch menu is small but it is the perfect spread of brunchy goodness. I wish I had gotten there earlier, as some of the best sellers are gone by 3-4pm-- the #EggsDeb and the Captain Crunch french toast. Its obvious that they use good quality ingredients, namely the maple sausage and sweet bacon...YUM. Also, can we talk about the cocktails?!? I am usually a beer girl but I wanted to try something new and they are only about $7. I had the cocktail with gin, cucumber and ginger and it was so refreshing and delicious (and strong) that I ordered a second. My friends had the Peach Tea with Bourbon and were impressed as well. 10/10 will totally come back.
I reallly reallllly want to give Harlem public 4 stars. Seriously, I do, their attention to detail is awesome, from the awesome jar cups to the chalkboard and empty frames decorating to walls to the nice indie mix of music. Butttt foodwise its just not four star burgers, I mean don't get me wrong their drinks are well thought out and original, their popcorn is perfectly salted, and I heard good things abouth the avocado fries (in the hustle n bustle our waiter never brought us our order to try them). But their self titled public burger is just ....well...public..mundane...so so. The bread is slightly dry albeit it being so coolly branded, it practically ruins the burger because the bread is never hot and holding on to cold burger is so sad. The patty is way smaller so you end up eating empty bread, the hummus is pretty tasteless, and the fries are subpar. That said, yes, I have and will continue to go back. Its one of the coolest spots in the area its fairly priced and the servers are always really cheery. I would say if you stay away from the self titled public burger and make sure to buy a drink or two you should have a solid 4 star experience.
Two words: Avocado Fries aka delicious avocado slices breaded in panko and served with a delicious dipping sauce. The environment is fun for a great burger and beer in the heart of Harlem's Hamilton Heights.
Thank You for a Fun Nite, Good Beer, Lovely atmosphere,Fun Staff, Nice tunes.  Black widow Cocktail with Grand Marnier Cherry was SO FECKING  GOOD.... OH and pickle backs!!!! I cant wait to go back, Loved The Public Burger with cheddar! Scott Loved the BLT (not ya maama's blt) I said it is a big boys/girls BLT
