great food..
Yes the service is slow, and scattered and you feel like you really are in the caribbean. They made up for forgetting our appetizers by not charging us for them and giving them to us to take home and a free carafe of Sangria. That being said the food was ok.  Good for a neighborhood spot.
I just returned from this neighborhood Restaurant. I ordered Arroz con Pollo, to go. It was a 30 minute wait. It cost $12.00. You get a large mound of Rice and 3 small pieces of Chicken and raw onion slices. Very, very Salty. I don't recommend it. I had better hope for this place.
AVOID AT ALL COSTS. BAD BUSINESS. we paid 72.00$ for 4 drinks. we left an 8$ tip.  What? this is the Bronx and we are paying midtown prices. Ripped off. Completely ripped off. Our friends who live in the neighborhood were excited to show us some great places in the Bronx. Never did I think we would be SO taken advantage of.  We spoke to the manager and he said it was simply our "opinion".  20$ for one pina colada? that's not an opinion, it's a fact.  Robbery in the bronx can happen in multiple ways, apparently.  Those prices anywhere--but in the BRONX? give me a break. PLEASE give me a break.
I spent a lot of time in Soundview volunteering with canoe tours on the Bronx River, and I've frequently passed Isla Verde Cafe. It always attracted me with its Copacabana-esque bright lights and palm trees, so my buddy and I decided to visit this past Saturday night. It's a very fun spot. Latin music plays at a decent volume (not too quiet, not too loud) and the drinks flow freely. They use some pretty quality liquors in their cocktails (I think), so they truly sneak up on you. But on to the food: This is really delicious food. Isla Verde serves up an Arroz Con Pollo that is actually an exciting experience, flavor wise. Dressed with tomatoes, onions and parsley, and some kind of heavenly green herbal mix/sauce thingy (I'm sure it has a name), this dish is the best Arroz con Pollo I've had in New York City. Usually, it's a boring, safe dish (I'm talking to you, Havana Central), but Isla Verde makes it something different. The crowd is your standard Soundview: pretty ladies if that's your thing, and some decent looking guys if that's also your thing. The only strange part is that random peddlers kept walking into the restaurant selling flowers and cigarettes, and they'd leave sadly after they realized no one wanted to partake in their goods. Brotip: Be careful with the bathroom door. It slams loudly and the whole restaurant learns that you just went to the bathroom... lmao...
I walk by this place all of the time and it always catches my eye. Decided to go try it today for the first time. Ordered Sangria and my husband ordered the strawberry colada. Drinks were very good. No complaints there. We then ordered the tostones relleno with chicken. Let me tell you, it was not what I expected at all! The chicken was smothered in what tasted like vodka sauce straight out of the jar. I was appalled! Main entree was okay. My husband enjoyed his shrimp fettuccini Alfredo. I ordered the churrasco. Very moist and soft but lacked so much flavor. I'm just not impressed. I will be back for the drinks and night life only not for the food.
I definitely enjoyed the atmosphere and the food I've tasted was delicious.  Other reviews are right the service is a bit slow but your glass never goes empty.  So that really didn't matter to me much.  The food and drinks are reasonably priced.   They have a dj that plays a good mix of music every night I've been there.  They also have a pretty good happy hour.  They have karaoke friday nights until about 10:30 if you're into it.
Everything my wife and I have had from this place has been incredible.  It is well seasoned and cooked to perfection.  I am not a rice eater, but I even enjoy the rice here.  It is an intimate place that plays great music if u come in the early evenings.
Nice spot good location food/drinks are on point so are prices , place gets kinda lively/loud late buts you want a good time come here .whole staff is on point and approachable , ps bring the family during regular hours they will like what's happening in here I knows Kids do
It does not get better than this!!!!! The food is out of this world, has great flavor and is all great quality. The staff is great and the owner is lovely Prices are extremely reasonable for what you receive This place is worth the commute from any bourough!
Hidden gem!!! $25 brunch.  Choice between mimosa, Bellini, and sangria.  Lots of excellent food.   I ordered arepas and the Desayuno PR, as well as rice pudding for dessert.  Every bite and sip I took was delicious! No complaint at all. Service was great too!!! Recommend! I'll be coming back.
I am a regular at Isla. I visit about twice a week. The food is great and reasonably priced. It has a local feel and everyone is friendly. The music is always excellent as the DJs keep the party going. There's a different theme every night (Wayback Wed is my fave). The Sunday brunch is amazing, 3 courses for $25 with unlimited mimosas. Always a great time!!
If I could give zero stars then that is what this restaurant would get. I'm sitting here with just about 4 customers who are eating and I have never experienced such slow service. The waiter (Mark) does his job extremely poorly, paying no attention to the idea of "first come first serve," as he caters to guests who arrived AFTER me. And I know I did not order anything difficult because I'm only waiting for an avocado salad -_-  . So if you can, please avoid this establishment that clearly does not care for its customers.
BANDS A' MAKE HER DANCE!! Coworkers took me here for a night (and morning) of dancing.. and that's what it was. One of my friends knows the owner, who definitely took care of us by getting us a table and bottle service even though this place was PACKED to the max the first time we came here (and each time thereafter as well). The service was much appreciated!!   It's a small spot in the heart of Parkchester. Apparently it is a restaurant during the day but my review is only for the nightclub part at night. They play a good mix of music - mostly merengue, bachata, and salsa... and I've heard them play plenty of techno, reggae, reggaeton and hip hop on other nights (depends on the DJ I guess). Good place to come and let loose by dancing until they turn on the lights at 4:30a. If you want a more loungey feeling where you can sit and talk, find another place. I have a good time each time I come here. I've seen all age groups here - from the 20 somethings to the 50 somethings. (The 50 somethings always kill it when the Salsa comes on, btw!) Make sure you come with your own group of people to dance and have fun with because there's definitely a bunch of fools standing around waiting for vulnerable girls to dance with. Don't get too upset if someone bumps you while dancing, it's all in good fun and lack of space!
I love this spot! Best place to go to relieve the stress after work. The food is super yummy! Take a long time to come out but it's worth the wait!! Yasmin is my fav bartender but the service in general is excellent!! Great hooka! Good music! Highly recommended.
This place is a great local spot. I've been there about 3 times now. The food is delicious, I couldn't stop eating it. My cousin and I almost faught for the last tostones stuffed with shrimp lol.. The drinks are great too and the staff are good. Prices are not that bad. I will with no doubt continue going back!! Good job
The food here was amazing but he service was very slow. We had to seat ourselves and when the waitress finally came(15 minutes later), the food took about 35 minutes to come out. The drinks were also watered down. The only reason I gave this place 3 stars was because the food is that good.
Great food and local spot to hang out in with friends.  Almost has a cheers feel to it.
Nice Spot to take a date to
The food was good, although it took forever to come. I have red snapper, rice and beans. I enjoyed the beans, when I finally got my food.  We waited about 45 mins to get the food and it wasn't crowded. Love how simple the decor is. I will try it again.
came here two days ago had chicharron de pollo and a mojito! my food was great i loved it, my mojito made by the lovely bartender jesssica i think her name is, was amazing, it was a late lunch so it was empty in there, however the bartender was great company. glad this place opened up so close to home! good food and drinks! oh oh oh and my phone was dying so the bartender allowed me to use her charger which i was very grateful for! :) definitely coming back with my boyfriend soon
The waiters are amazing! However, there is but so much they can do to excuse the incompetent chef that takes about 45 minutes to cook up 2 meals! It's ridiculous! I can go home and cook a meal quicker and cheaper!!! Maybe they need to fire somebody's relative that is in the kitchen and hire someone that can send out the ordered dishes in a reasonable time and consistent manner!!! Great place if you only want drinks!!
I went there for dinner yesterday with my daughter for the first time.  The food was great the staff was friendly and we will definitely go back.  They also serve food very late which is perfect for us.
