How soon we forget! Ah, this bar. So many memories. So much fun had here. This bar is history themed and I never get bored looking at all the stuff on the walls! If you haven't experienced Mike the bartender's trivia then you truly haven't lived. Although I've maybe gotten one question right in my trivia career it's way too fun to participate. Anyways. Decent Beer Selection usually with a seasonal on tap, Full bar. Reasonable prices. Friendly staff. Smaller menu with Specials. Most importantly FREE NACHOS and POPCORN... because who doesn't love FREE food! If you plan on going here with a big group get there before 9 or 10 (weekend) because the bar gets packed, seats get filled quickly. There are a bunch of tables in the back for both casual seating as well as table service. I'd suggest table service if the bar is packed. Just easier. Hands down one of my favorite spots in Buffalo.
The little local pub is easy to miss, and hard to find parking around! It's a no frills pub, with limited selection of beers and a pretty small menu. They do offer free popcorn and nachos, which is nice. I believe Tuesday nights they have trivia although I have never personally participated or even present on such nights. I do hear it's a blast though, especially if you're a history buff. We ordered a couple of burgers, which came with chips. They were good and the portion sizes were perfect. They also had a few homemade soups which we also tried, I cannot recall which ones exactly but I do remember them being quite decent. The service was good, although we waited quite a while for the burgers. Overall, it's not a place that we're planning on going back to anytime soon because it really didn't impress us all that much. But nevertheless still a decent place to grab a bite at, if you can find parking!
Found this place using the Yelp app.  Friendly little pub with pretty decent food.  it's definitely a "local" establishment with patrons that are regulars, but they were very friendly and made me feel welcome.   I'd love to check out their trivia night if I'm back in town.
Great service. The waiter was attentive as well as kind. Also, the homey atmosphere truly made it feel like a local neighborhood bar which I love. Too many trendy places, it's nice to have somewhere like Founding Fathers that doesn't put on any fronts. Also the free popcorn and nachos are a good touch. My only complaint is that my boyfriend and I ordered medium rare burgers and they came out EXTREMELY well done. As in they were completely charred. We loved the place so much that this time will be a pass for the bad burgers. Definitely coming back, crossing our fingers the food will be up to par next time.
This place gets packed and service can be slow because they often only have one guy working the whole place - which in my opinion is a little nuts. But the energy there is really great! So if you are looking for a place to hang out with friends, have a few drinks, and not in a rush, FF will do you well. The food is meh and can be slow to come out so I'd suggest dinner someplace else. But solid drinking bar, for sure.
Love the presidential place mats! A nice collegiate type place to get a beer and some reasonably priced pub foods. Not a large tap selection but respectable bottle selection.
Founding Fathers is a Buffalo establishment.  History-themed with presidents and other political memorabilia fill the walls.  On a slow Saturday night, it's a lot of fun to grab some beers, sit at a table, enjoy some free nachos and popcorn, and have a great time. The draught selection is nothing impressive by any means, but there usually carry some decent seasonal beers.  If it's a slow night, the bartender/owner/quizmaster comes over and asks you trivia questions.  He quizzed us quite a bit last night on the presidents and geography, making for a fun group experience. The free nachos and popcorn are awesome to pair with beer. Food wise, I've only eaten once but I did enjoy it.  Nothing special or amazing, but tasty pub food nonetheless.  Definitely an awesome bar to check out.  I'd love to come back for trivia night on Tuesday some time!
If our Dads were all skipping and jumping through the forest, they would be the Bounding Fathers. And if our Dads were all relaxing in the front room, they would be the Lounging Fathers. If they were all from foreign countries, they'd be the Funny-Sounding Fathers. And if they were all hopping on the good foot and aggressively doing the bad thing with our Mothers (or with anyone really), then they'd be the Pounding Fathers. But this place is nothing to do with any of those things. This place is all about the origins of the USA. Which is why it's called the "Ben Franklin Bar." I tried to get an infamous burger from here on three separate occasions. One time they were absolutely slammed, and jovially informed me that they were not making burgers, as if to ask if I was crazy. The second time I called ahead and asked if they were making burgers, and this time they were very nice about it, but assured me they were not. Finally, the third time I tried to get a burger, they were not so busy, and they made me one. I have to say I liked it. It was big, but not as ridiculously enormous as I was expecting by the price and reviews. It was pretty tasty, but it wasn't completely out of this world. It was one of the better burgers I've had. It was probably a low 5/5, and I was considering giving it a 5 but then I thought since it is borderline, and since it is so hard and so time-consuming to even get a burger from here, and since it gave my dear friend Alex food poisoning (not CM Alex, Trivia Alex), then I will settle on a 4 and call it even. So it's a good burger, but it's not the best burger in the region, for which you should head to Ruzzine's, Mooney's, Sterling Place Tavern, or Vizzi's. I heard there is a famous trivia night here, but not being American, American History trivia questions don't really get my proverbial juices flowing. And not being a drinker, a place like this is always going to have a hard time earning a 5 from me unless the food is off the proverbial charts. I just used proverbial twice in one paragraph. Actually that's now three uses of proverbial. Nope... four. Wow. Is that a proverbial record? Crap! Five! Damnit!
Went here with a friend to grab some drinks after work on a Friday. Once we sat down we were greeted by the female bartender and taken care of right away. Second time around...she was busy chit chatting at the other end with patrons. I was honestly waving around my credit card for 5-8 minutes trying to get her attention.We didn't get any free nachos, but we did get some odd conversation with the bartender asking me what mascoto is... Eh I'd go again to give it another try.
Two words: Free Nachos If you need more to go to a bar then first I am going to question you, because who doesn't love free nachos.  Second I'll tell you more. My favorite bartender will quiz you at the bar with random tidbits of US history and general information.  He will do this while still serving other customers and making sure you're drink is always perfect. They have a good selection of liquor and a great craft beer selection, the atmosphere is a fun neighborhood bar with a hipster twist.  They draw in a mixed crowed, from young professionals to college students.  Really there isn't anything else you could ask for. Oh and they also have delicious food and FREE POPCORN.  It honestly couldn't get better.
Stopped in for a late lunch on Tuesday.  Service was prompt and attentive.  We had a couple of Independence Burgers, a Hail to the Chef!, and a BBQ Chicken Bosom.  All of the sandwiches were really good.  The beer selection was limited, but there were a few interesting selections, of which I had one.  Great prices for what we had. My only complaint is that the bathroom could use some updating, but then again this is a rustic pub, so, I could expect worse, it was clean and stocked.  I would definitely go again if passing through.
Founding Fathers is a Buffalo institution.  It's quirky and fun.  Somewhat off the beaten path, you will find mostly regulars and locals who are tuned into the hidden gems in Buffalo. US history memorabilia adorns the walls.  If you ask the owner/bartender for some trivia question he will try his best to stump you with questions about the US (geography, history, random facts, etc.).  It makes for a fun game! Help yourself to free popcorn and free nachos (with cheese, jalapenos, salsa, etc).  It might sound gross to eat food from a self-serve nacho station but they keep it well stocked and clean. I've never eaten here and although I've heard the food isn't great, it looked pretty good. One star off because their beer selection isn't great and their taps either are not clean or are not otherwise well maintained.  My Guinness tasted a little off and my friends' IPAs were flat.  So we all switched to bottles.
Nice, local place with good food.
Free nachos is the good.  ServIce was great.  The bad rating is due to the burger meat smelling foul and tasting bitter.  There is nothing that can make that ok.  May be a bad batch but my wife was sick feeling after...   Ok place for beer but maybe not food.
Good pub food at reasonable price.  A great gem for visitors in the area - very friendly & free nachos!
Come for the tradition, stay for the trivia, stay longer because there's free popcorn and nachos. Great burgers too!
Monthly trivia night was chaos/brutal. By the time we got there (30 mins before), it was already standing room only. They do have free nachos (seemed like very few people went for it, though). Despite the large number of people, never a long wait.
From the moment I walked in until the moment I left, I couldn't stop thinking, I've always wanted to be a regular a neighborhood bar, and this is exactly what I would want it to be like. I had just taken the NY bar exam in a foreign land. Relieved, feeling celebratory, I got together with some people I had just met and we walked down the street in the freezing night to come to Founding Fathers. It's a cozy little space with really fun decor, in the form of frames, place mats, flags, you name it.  The beer selection is great, and I decided i had to try this one called Eurotrash Pilz. Not disappointing at all. Finished off the night with some whisky gingers and a few helpings of free nachos. Overall just a fun, relaxed atmosphere with friendly people, affordable drinks, and now a bit of nostalgia. Thanks for a fitting last night in Buffalo. Hope to be back some day soon!
This is a pretty cool, almost dive-ish bar.  Service was great and the prices were excellent.  A number of nice beers on tap.  Very comfortable bar area and tables.  They have a number of TVs around.  It's worth a stop in and if I were back in the area would defintely stop in for at least a beer.  Fun place!
The first time I visited Founding Fathers, I was viciously ill from a terrible burger.  I was frustrated.  The bar was too hot.  The service was lousy.  My imported bottled beer was at the wrong temperature and in an ill-fitting glass.  I couldn't find the bathroom.  I railed against the place. Since writing that review, I have visited pretty much every single bar, bar/restaurant, pub, tavern, and etc. within a mile and a half-radius of Founding Fathers.  As poorly as I do regard the establishment... the rest are so much worse that F.F. absolutely shines like a beacon in the desert.  It is what Glen Rice was to the Charlotte Hornets of the 1990's, excellent by comparison.  So yes, I have been back more than a few times.  I understand its flaws and its virtues far more.  Feel free to read my original review for a sense of the place.  In the meantime, some tips. FOOD: Simply put... do NOT order the food.  Tasteless at best, sickening at worst, uncreative across the board, you will feel cheated.  Most days, the bar offers free popcorn and chips (with salsa, hot melted cheese, and jalapenos accompanying).  The mechanism inside the popcorn dispenser doesn't do a good job of keeping the popcorn warm, and they do produce an ungodly amount in one go, so the offering you select will likely be both lukewarm and stale.  Oh well.  Regarding the nachos, the cheese seems to sit, and sit, and sit, and sit.  The jalapenos are constantly replenished though and easily the most flavorful of any of the food items offered in the entire bar/restaurant.  Go after these if you want. DRINKS: This is not a place for craft beer per se.  Although the selection has evolved a bit, offerings are limited, and glassware and temperature are uniform.  Don't expect either the variety or careful treatment of a Blue Monk, Gene McCarthy's, et cetera.  Meanwhile, this is certainly not a place for mixed drinks.  What I mean is that while Mike and his staff can prepare rudimentary drinks (think Jack 'n Cokes, kamikazes, G&T's, and so on), glassware, equipment, liquor breadth, ingredients, and ultimately skill are all lacking.  Lastly, Founding Fathers is not a place to relax with a glass of wine or a nice scotch neat.  Again, selection is miserable.  So temper your expectations across the board and think as simply as you can. SEATING: On any given night, the best seat in the house is likely at the bar rather than at one of the rather tackily-decorated tables.  Mike, the owner, is a personality unique to Buffalo and relishes engaging anyone within shouting distance in impromptu battles of wits.  This can be a saving grace if you're there alone, else with a buddy you're tired of talking with.  Else, his incessant prodding is meddlesome and frankly quite irritating.  If you seek conversation with a companion, sit at a table... or go somewhere else.  Unique in Buffalo, Mike's personality definitely qualifies Founding Fathers as a Japanese style "Master Bar." ATMOSPHERE AND CLIENTELE: Founding Fathers is unique for the area.  It doesn't cater to the Allentown arty scene or to the Allentown weekend night trashy scene.  Undergraduates are nowhere to be found.  Unlikely to be found are lounge lizards, suits, bros, or clubgoers as you would on Chippewa.  Founding Fathers is Buffalo's Land of Misfit Toys, and I suppose there's something to be said for that, a key contributor to making it one of the best places in a mile and a half either way.  I must stress that Founding Fathers is NOT a place to come seeking a hookup but might be a place to encounter a few now rather awkward grown-ups who never quite found their clique in high school. So long as you temper your expectations and understand the establishment's limitations, it is quite possible to enjoy a nice... Coors Lite... or Jack 'n Coke... or improperly poured Franziskaner.  After all, Founding Fathers is one of the best of the pubs immediately around Allentown, if only by comparison.
Hands down one of my favorite places in Buffalo. I spent my 20s in Milwaukee, and learned to love a good, unpretentious bar. This is exactly what FF is. You don't come expecting gourmet cuisine or craft beer, but a cold one, some free nachos and watching your friends roll through the door. The staff is awesome (Shout out to Gilbert!) and the place never disappoints. They actually have two vegetarian options: a boca burger which you can customize into any of their specialty burgers, and a mushroom-spinach-cheese special thing that's really good. And nachos. Come on. Nachos!
FREE NACHOS! Did I get your attention? If not, then try this: free popcorn, great selection of craft beer, great ambiance and unpretentious hang-out. As a Canadian, I know very little about the founding fathers, except for the major presidents. But after spending one evening at Founding Fathers Pub, I know a little bit more. As one Yelper said in their review: it is VERY "patriotic to the max", which makes this place different. And, it's also comfortable, relaxed, and unpretentious. It was very packed when our group (8 people) arrived and we were about to leave to go somewhere else. Luckily, we stayed and we were able to find a table for all of us. Yay us! The drinks were great. I had an IPA which had a punch--sorry, I don't remember the name but it was a draft beer. I also had a few of the Blue Moon, which was great. Having access to free food was a bonus. When you drink, you need to eat, and it was great that the bar offers complimentary food like popcorn and nachos. I wonder what the rest of the menu is like. Like I said, this place was booming which made me wonder if this was the 'it' spot for anyone in Buffalo. I was proven right: my friend ran into two of her friends visiting from Toronto at Founding Fathers! See, even us Canadians know that this place is the best in Buffalo.
The founding fathers is a staple of buffalo, and a completely different entity than the many bars found here. Dimly lit, this cozy pub is filled with a number of oddities all relating to our presidents. The owner, Michael is a guide of trivia questions, which he'll throw out to the bar, creating a fun and competitive atmosphere and forcing you to meet others (unless you don't want to play). There is always free popcorn and nachos with hot cheese, jalapeños, and beans. An excellent snack while drinking. There are many poor reviews about the food in the past but I have never been disappointed. They have great sandwiches and their tortellini is pretty yummy, too! The cook Charles will do what he can to accommodate you and with no fryer in the building, it's a fresh alternative to typical pub food. They have a few decent beers on tap, an expanding bottle list, and a pretty good full bar. Friday or Saturday is fun but usually packed, and I prefer to go on Sundays when mark is bartending.   Founding fathers is a unique and fun pub and a great place to meet up with friends.
We came here at about 9:30 on a Saturday night. It was me and four other friends and it was our first experience here. We had come from another restaurant where our experience was lackluster at best, and we were looking to order a few more drinks. The place was pretty crowded and I took that as a good sign. We snagged a spot at the end of the bar, and it only got busier as the night went on. The bartender was simply amazing. He wasn't your classic hipster "mixologist" but a genuine gentleman who was also a bit of a comedian. He attended to the busy crowd and made sure everyone was attended to in a reasonable fashion. He made the whole experience as well as amazing drinks for me and my friends. My bloody mary was spicy and simply delicious. The amaretto sour was so good, three of my friends ordered it after trying mine. We all agreed we would come back here whenever we needed a few drinks and a fun night out. The environment and bartender were more than inviting and we enjoyed every minute of it.
Price = 4 (resonable beer prices) Experience = 4 (bartender was a great entertainer... constantly asking trivia questions. The decor is Presidents and historic flags. This is a welcomed reprieve from the other downtown bars.
Best. Bar. EVER! I could write a novel about why this is hands down the best bar in Buffalo, but it wouldn't do it justice. You have to experience it for yourself. The way I usually describe it... Founding Fathers is like a Great room that a Great Uncle would be sitting beside the fireplace, wearing his burgundy robe, and smoking his pipe. It is filled with relics galore, and his quirky and captivating stories about American history keeps you entertained all night long. You feel me on this one?! ha This is the most warm and welcoming establishment outside of actually being invited to someone's house for drinks and great conversation. It is always super cozy, lighting is just right, best local trivia (none of that Pop Culture nonsense), bartender has a healthy amount of sass when quizzing the patrons at the bar, and FREE popcorn and nachos! I don't even like popcorn or nachos...but I love the top notch hospitality!!!
Stopped in for lunch.  It's a very small venue but I wasn't expecting much.  The sauce (?) encrusted table cloth (paper) at the table across from us was more than a little nauseating.  I ordered the special, a barbeque bacon cheeseburger, which was served with chips (they don't have fries) and a pickle spear ($15 with tip).  I ordered the burger medium and it came out very well-done.  The chips were off-brand ruffles, nothing house-made here. The burger was fine for being a charred, dry lump of meat.  Service was extremely slow since the waitress was also the bartender who was too busy chatting it up at the bar to notice empty drinking glasses. I have to assume that it gets better in the evening when there is a crowd, but I just don't see the sense in wasting my money to find out.
Looks like a great place to drink, no so great for a quick bite to eat.  They lost my order then put it back in and it still took 20 mins for a hamburger.  Yes, it was good and the beer selections were good, but service was poor all around.  I might give it another try sometime in case I just got them on a bad night.
This is a great bar with great staff, ambiance and food.  It is a favorite of mine after hitting some of the livelier bars on Allen Street.  The inside is decked with flags with low-light making it a relaxing place to be.  The bar itself has an old wood feel to it and the bar staff are very attentive.   Of course, everyone loves the free nachos and popcorn but I've eaten here twice and have to say that the ordered food is delicious.  They really know what they're doing here. Go here at the start of the night or the end of the night and expect a friendly atmosphere.  If you are some one who doesn't like the regular bar scene too much (me!) you shouldn't count this one out as it is one of those secret places in Buffalo that will really rock your world.
Always have a good time when i come to this bar with a group of friends. I have never ate here but I drink here quite often. The bartender who is also the owner is funny and always gives the customers a great time. He will ask history questions though out the night and if you get it right you get a free drink of some sort. I have seen the free popcorn and nacho but am always to nervous to try them not knowing who dirty hands have been in there. Place has a great vibe and atmosphere to it and you don't need to dress to impress here.
Burger cooked to perfection. Free nachos with cheese salsa and peppers. Free popcorn. Great character for a bar.
This place is great!  They don't have a fryer so no wings or french fries but they have one of the top 5 burgers in Buffalo!  Even better they have FREE NACHOS and FREE POPCORN.  They also have great beers on tap or in bottle.  I could eat here everyday and die a happy (but heavier) man!
Hey, free popcorn ?  That works. Decent bar food. I've been a few times after work. Steak Sand is a winner!
This place rocks! It has a ton of historical memorabilia that adds to the reputation of this as a neighborhood bar with its own distinctive character. This place will get pretty loud on a Friday night, but when I was here the waitress remained super professional when dealing with our huge party of 20+ people. I was impressed. I ordered a burger, which was cooked perfectly to order (medium-rare) and delicious. I paid, saw some other friends at the bar and left with a great impression of this place. As others have mentioned, they host great trivia as well.
James K. Polk. That should be the review. The 11th president. A taciturn man, unloved by the majority. He ran on a simple platform. He would annex the land from Mexico. He would force England to give up her holdings on on west coast. He would reform our banking system. After all that, he would choose not to run again, retire, and fade away. A god damned American hero. The only bar to honor this man is Founding Father's. They share a great deal of similarities. Both are smart. Both are simple in their goals. One has a trivia night on the first Tuesday of the month and free nachos, the other is our 3rd greatest president. Both are unappreciated. Both should be loved. One for reshaping our nation, the other for giving us free nachos and a hell of a friendly staff. Oh, and come the first Tuesday of every month I'm totally going to kick your butt in trivia.
My fiancé and I went here for dinner, and it's a good place to unwind from a long week. We shared some stuffed peppers which were just shy of ok, but the beers were cold and the dinners were good. I had a pastrami Reuben which was solid, and my fiancé's portabello sandwich was a good balance. Also, the entertainment around us was great! The historic American ambiance really gave it an old pub feel, and the lady going crazy a few tables away from us only added to the laid-back mentality. A great place for happy hour and a bite to eat, but I'd keep the families away on a Friday night.
Incredibly decorated with presidents portraits, flags, and mirrors. The place felt like a history book. Good selection of beer and liquor. Free bar snacks like nachos and popcorn. Good time for a small or large group. A real bar in a real town. Highly recommended.
Two words: Free popcorn! Bars in Raleigh, NC take note!! This was not the first place I experienced this incredible delight in Buffalo, but any bar with it gets bonus points from me. Founding Fathers also offers free nachos (chips and cheese, nothing fancy). A couple of friends were staying nearby and mentioned they had been there the night before and liked it so we decided to try it out. It was late and we were just out for drinks. We came from a place closer to where we were staying which had a similar atmosphere, but was much more, um, lively. Founding Fathers was more what we wanted: a casual, laid back, neighborhood bar. I kind of wanted to try some of the food, but was pretty full from the wedding reception we had been at earlier in the evening. If I lived in Buffalo this is definitely a place I would frequent.
Where to start with Founding Fathers? Well I'm there around 2 or 3 nights a week so that should tell you my opinion of the place. As the other reviewers say, there is free popcorn and free nachos. The potential nacho toppings are liquid cheese, jalapenos, beans, and salsa. The beer selection on tap is pretty much always McSorley's, Blue Light, Blue Moon, Southern Tier IPA, Sam Adams Seasonal, and Guinness. The bottled beer list is much more extensive and the bottles are displayed behind the bar. Draft beers are $4 and I think Guinness is $4.50 or $5. Bottle beers I'm not sure. In terms of cocktails, I would guess they are good, I never get them so can't comment on them. A little tip, the Black and Tan made with McSorley's and Guinness is excellent and only $4.50. The atmosphere is fantastic there. We typically get a table as there are usually four of us so we don't bother with the bar. The noise level is never such that we can't carry a conversation, and we never need to shout to be heard or lean awkwardly across the table so we can hear one another. We may miss out on the at the bar trivia but the wait staff makes up for that. They are all generally very nice and efficient. We have our favorites since we are always there but all of them do a great job. The food isn't great that's true. I've rarely gotten food there, and have been happy with it. I'll leave it to you about the food. It isn't so bad that it should turn you away but just don't expect stellar cuisine either. The monthly trivia night that actually has prizes is every first Tuesday of the month. You'll have to get there early, and fight us for a table, it get's very crowded very fast. Don't expect to win much though, most of the teams are regulars who run away with the main competition. But when it comes down to the "shout out an answer get a prize" round you will have your chance. Overall great bar, don't go if you're looking for a crazy night out, but I can't think of a better place to spend a Tuesday night with some friends.
Remember me? Yeah, I was that nerdy girl in elementary school who memorized all the state capitals. I grew up on "Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego" and afternoon "Jeopardy" with my grandparents. I still enjoy listening to NPR specials on esoteric episodes in Civil War history as I drive down the 33. And boy, do I love free nachos and beer. Thus, Founding Fathers is one of my favorite watering holes. Where else in Buffalo can you arrange yo'self a platter of free nachos with gooey fake cheese and peppers, belly up to the bar and order a McSorley's, and talk U.S. History with the owner/bartender? A former teacher, this guy is constantly quizzing the bar patrons: which President came before Lincoln? Of what country is Caracas the capital? And when he stumps you, he sidles over to the other end of the bar and says loudly, "Uh, the remedial side of the room needs a little help. Does anyone know the answer?" Of course, there's no prize to win, other than your pride. But for millenials like me, that's enough to keep us at the bar, buying beers and trying to use our increasingly impaired logic to figure it out. The non-free food's pretty good too: the Blue Balls (meatballs with bleu cheese) are a pretty awesome Buffalo-style appetizer, and the Blackened Bleu chicken sandwich (spicy and doused similarly in stinky cheese) is bomb too. Bonus points for the Presidential place mat that comes with each one (It helps you with the questions). Spend enough time here, and you might even start firing off your own questions, like "Which state consumes the highest amount of green Jell-O?" (Utah, for the record.)
Founding Fathers is a classic pub atmosphere, where noise volumes are low and lights are up - making it a perfect place to have conversations over some free nachos, free popcorn, and a delicious (albeit small) number of draft beers.  McSorely's, in particular, is a beer I do not often find on tap - making this place a shining star among others. The bar changes nightly, with different crowds coming in throughout the night.  I've been there when I'm the only table, when it is packed to the brim (a historically themed bar on election night = shoulder to shoulder, but awesome), and all inbetween.  On quiet nights, it's perfect for reading and relaxing.  On busy nights, the noise level never gets too loud, you never have to shout. Mike, the owner, is a trivia master and will quiz you while you're at the bar.  The rest of the wait staff are wonderful, each with a lot of personality and all very attentive. While the food options are limited, especially for vegetarians, I would recommend the Boca Burger - or just going crazy with the free nachos, including black beans, jalepenos, cheese, and salsa.
Stopped here on the extreme late end of a bar crawl and realized I should have come here much earlier in the evening!  What an awesome place!  Free nachos and popcorn all night plus unlimited trivia compliments of the owner/bartender.  Guaranteed you'll be stumped all night!
One of my favorite hidden bars in America. Great historic atmosphere and a great bar owner who knows how to make a drink. I have gone years without going into the bar and Mike always remembers my name. Kind of shocking really, in a world were we all use psuedonyms and communicate via this inter-web. Great greasy bar food perfect for late at night and good stiff drinks. The kind that put hair on your chest. So be careful ladies.
Feel like I fulfilled some rite of passage by watching the last presidential debate here. Nice crowd that was, except for one obnoxious table in the corner, quite engaged with the debate. About 8 beers on tap including Southern Tier IPA, Sam Adams Octoberfest, and McSorley's. Had the Philly Cheese Steak sandwich. It's not the shaved steak you might except, but sirloin tips grilled to perfection. Bummer that they don't have a fryer - ruffles with your sandwich just isn't the same, though $8 for a really tasty real steak sandwich is a bargain. Yes there is free food, BUT, the nachos always taste stale and the cheese is super thin. That said, I still eat piles of the stuff when I'm there.
Founding Fathers is - without a doubt - my favorite bar in Buffalo.  I always make it a point to hang out with my friends here when I visit home.  There's a pretty wide beer selection, and the food is great - delicious burgers! I'm sure that part of my allegiance is that we came here almost every Thursday in college, but It's definitely more than that.  It's Mike, the best bartender with the most American history knowledge around.  It's the friendly waiters (who you get to know pretty well over the years).  It's the decor (AMERICA!).  It's the free nachos and popcorn.  And it's its location on Edward (away from all the other crazy bars).  Honestly, I could go here every night and be happy.
This is a bar only review. I ate no food, but the free food. And yes, they really do have free food. I had heard great things about this place. When we first walked in, it was a bit early in the evening, and we were surrounded by disappointment. The place was pretty empty. I was too timid to ask about the free nachos and popcorn. And the server, although sweet, was not what I had heard about. But then, oh man and then, the owner/server/trivia master showed up, and the fun began. The place is covered in presidential pics and memorabilia, but to me this place didn't shine until I was getting trivia fired at me every few minutes. I loved it. And then after watching the regulars serve themselves nachos and popcorn, I had the (liquid) courage to do the same. The drinks were reasonable $4 beers & $5/6 for bottom tier (non-well) liquors. I can't wait to take out of town guests here, but I will definitely only come when the trivia man is working since he makes the place awesome.
Love Mike and this place. Try to stump him with your own trivia question, it's tough. Over-run by underage canisus students during school sessions. All the employees are thoughtful and interesting. Oh watch out for that roach....
Holy wow!  I guarantee you've never been to a Tuesday trivia night like this!  It's crazy packed and loud but a total riot!  And if you don't enjoy trivia there's no shortage of odds and ends to look at all over the place.   Like any decent pub worth going to they've got a nice selection of beer, and they're food is pretty tasty.  They don't have a fryer, so don't come here expecting french fries and wings.  I loved their portabella sandwich - delicious and didn't fall apart on me - and my boyfriend's pastrami was yummy, too.  This place is great fun for a casual (or raucous) evening out with friends.  Way fun!
If I ever move away from Buffalo, I will miss only two bars.  The Pink and Founding Fathers.  Not only does Founding Fathers have a great location (the decorations are worth a trip alone), a great crowd (college kids who don't like doing shots) but they have the most entertaining bartender in Buffalo and a great burger.  Not to mention free popcorn and nachos with cheese and chili.  Sure it's nothing special but when you've had a couple drinks, they taste amazing and did I mention its FREE? If it's a slower night, Mike will ask you trivia questions spanning all of US History and perhaps dance behind the bar and even throw your drink in the air.  Their beer selection isn't anything special (a couple seasonals, McSorely's always on tap) but they have some interesting drinks for the ladies (a S'mores shot).   If you plan on sitting at a table, don't place an order at the bar since the waitress usually keeps track of your tab.  If you are looking for a chill night, this is hands down the place to go.
Definitely a great bar for the professional and semi-professional scene in the Buff.  I haven't noticed the hipster quotient...but my bar for hipster is WAY higher than most, so if someone is sort of quasi-hip in a not terribly ironic way?  Meh. So, um.  They have free nachos.  With the fake melty cheese and jalapeno peppers that make you poop for weeks.  OMFG, did I just type that?  Free popcorn too!  The drinks are good and strong and cheap and they have the requisite sambuca shots.
Was looking for a "new" lunch spot within walking distance from the office, and found this joint online. I walked in and was promptly and very kindly greeted by the barkeep -who I will venture to guess is also the proprieter... a smiling man with the gift of Trivia knowledge that kept me entertained my entire stay. My lunch was, in a word: Fantastic - the Philly was *nothing* like I anticipated but so much better....   I'm going back to try something different very soon! The ambience and decor of this place is so special and unique.... I look forward to my next visit - OUTSIDE of working hours.
I went here for the first time on Monday. It was absolutely great and I am recommending the bar to my friends. The owner of the bar is fantastic and the bar tenders are really friendly (and are not shy with making drinks strong!). Not only will you have a great time here but you'll probably learn something too. Be sure to sit at the bar and ask the owner for some trivia questions. Definitely will come back.
Love this place at happy hour free popcorn and nachos. I liked all of the presidential memorabilia and flags plastered everywhere. Just went there to get drinks after work and loved the fact that they had a Virgin Islands flag on the wall. The bartender had a good sense of humor and was really friendly.  I would definitely go back sometime soon.
What an awesome bar concept. I wish we got to be quizzed at the bar by Mike but alas, luck was not in our favor. The bar was fairly busy (there were not seats at the bar) so we didn't stay, but I wish we did. This is a gem.
If ever there was a bar that I wish I could take with me to whatever city I may be in, Founding Fathers is it. The place has a great atmosphere, tiny, but not too cramped, awesomely unique decor, and overall is just one of the most comfortable bars you've ever walked into. I have a love affair with fake cheese, and they offer free nachos with plenty of it!! As well as peppers, salsa, and beans. Free popcorn, too. The most tasty chicken ceasar salad I've ever had was at FF, and their burgers aren't too bad either. The staff is great as well. The owner hosts trivia night the first Tuesday of every month (which I witnessed once, and let me tell you, that was a hardcore group to compete with), and on any other given night if he is working he will practice by asking patrons questions. I felt especially smart one night when I got four answers correct in a row. The drinks are not pricey, and they are not weak. The perfect balance. This has become my new favorite place to sit on a bar stool and drink whiskey.
After picking up my friend from the airport we came here for a pint while trying to figure out where we wanted to go to give him his first true Buffalo Wing experience. This bar has a great decor and theme and I can see why it's a local favourite. There is free nachos and popcorn but also a full menu. While the nacho station didn't look that appetizing you can't really complain about free. I went with a pint of Blue Moon which is generally my go-to beer when I'm in the US since we can't get it in Canada and it's a really darn good beer. While waiting for our drinks we ended up in a conversation about American history. With me being a Canadian and my friend being a Canadian ex-pat it was interesting to try to fill in the holes of what we couldn't remember based on our place-mats of presidents and the various things on the walls. About half way through our pints the server came back and we hit her up for her opinion of where to go for wings. She gave us the answers for where tourists go and where locals hide out. We grilled her a little more on each and decided to go the tourist route. She was really quite helpful.
My first ever time here was just last week.  It's a super-fun place that was dead at 10pm but got really busy as we were leaving at 1am.  Gotta love Buffalo! Free snacks, friendly service, and presidential decor makes this place a win.  Check out the horseshoes-in-cement on the outside entrance stoop.
FREE MUNCHIES - enjoy nachos, chili, salsa and cheese, pretzels, and popcorn on the house...beware - they will make you thirstier!! But seriously, this place has a great, laid back atmosphere that Buffalo is great for.
This is the best bar in buffalo for the 21-32 crowd. It's very casual and friendly. It's not pretentious as most Delaware/Elmwood places are. It's a great place to start your night or end your night. The bartender/owner is very friendly as long as you're friendly to him. Oh, did I mention FREE popcorn and nachos!!! Who cares how long it's been in the warmers. It's free and it's awesome. Rest of the menu isn't impressive....you go there for drinks though. I wish I lived closer to this place.
Every single time I'm in here the place is cramped...and I understand why. The booze is cheap, they have free nachos and popcorn, and Buffalo games are always on. Sure, it's a little dirty, but the dinginess adds to the charm. Perfect bar!
I should say I like the idea of free-flowing popcorn and nachos. It makes you drink more. With the interesting historic-inspired decor, it definitely is an awesome place to bring some friends over, pull together a couple of tables, and enjoy an evening of beer. That being said, I suggest staying away from the food. I ordered an Independence Burger, and when I asked how I like it, I said I wanted it medium-rare (I'm a fan of pink). But it came out charred, so well-done, quite tough, and honestly, bitter to the taste. For the price, I have had better burgers elsewhere. My food was definitely not worth it. Overall, I suggest coming here just for the drinks, and have dinner elsewhere.
Free nacho heaven!!!!! I love this place, from the great, low-cost food, free snacks, and strong cheap drinks to the friendly, prompt service and funky themed decor. Such a great hole-in-the-wall-but-not-scary-or-crusty Buffalo staple. One of my favorite places to get a little sloppy *ahem* and have a pig out session with my boys. Check out their portabello mushroom or buffalo chicken sammies, tortellini salad and rotating specials. Great, relaxed place to come early for food or hit up later when the bar is CRAZY to get drinks. A cool, mixed crowd. No dude-bro action like Chippewa but less hipster than the west end of Allen.
Founding Father's, the site of my mis-spent 20's.     Mike Driscoll opened this bar back in 1985 and it became a staple for me and my co-workers on the second day it was open.     We all went back last night for a mini-company reunion and it was like walking back into 1985 - the place looks exactly the same!      Same presidents plus a few, a few more flags but still fantastic. As one of the other reviewers noted, Mike will do trivia with you all night but be warned, he's very good and he'll be the sober one so don't put any money on the game! I hadn't been here in a very long time and I'd forgotten how much I loved hanging out here.    Will definitely try to make it back soon!
Warm friendly atmosphere. Quiet, aside from the rumble of people having conversations, which is a refreshing contrast to a roaring sea of bars blasting music that typically renders this impossible. This place also has personality, and personality goes a long way. Trivia, historical decor, bar food, snacks, and the like. Always a good time.
Favorite city bar, hands down. Relaxing atmosphere, friendly staff. Mike, the owner/bartender will ask you trivia questions, and pit you against the other end of the bar. Grab some free nachos (chips, salsa, cheese, and beans) and some popcorn, and settle down with a pint of McSorley's at the bar.
Okay, I love Founding Fathers, as a bar. The food is terrible! Keep in mind, the person who serves you is most likely the person cooking your food, so I guess is could vary. I had a simple Caesar Salad and it was soggy and I'm pretty sure the chicken component was some sort of rubbery meat bi- product. The bar is a great place to enjoy seasonal beer. They have a medium sized selection of craft brews. Bartender, owner Mike is sure to entertain with playful anecdotes and history trivia. Founding Fathers has a laid back environment that has earned it the title of Buffalo staple.
I don't go to bars often, but when I do, FF is exactly the kind of place I like to go.  It's a little bit divey, the decor is great and there is free vegan popcorn and the chips, salsa, jalapenos, and beans are vegan, too.  Why they put out BBQ beans with nachos I will never know... I like that they serve off brand soft drinks, but know that there are no free refills. They have a waitress/bartender/sometimes cook named after Gilbert Perrault, the great Sabres player. How cool is that? It can get pretty hot in the summer.  There is no outdoor seating and no windows. A few tips if you go: - Trivia is the first Tuesday of the month. Tip your servers well. - If you don't eat eggs, steer clear of the grilled cheese because it is made with mayonnaise instead of butter. - The current president has a large picture on the presidential place mat.  You won't find him with a tiny photo shown next to the last guy.  So, don't complain your placemat is out of date. - They serve food, so you can come for lunch or dinner. - Don't order drinks at the bar and take them to the tables. If you want to sit at the table, order at the table. Otherwise you are screwing the waitstaff. - Don't sit eating free nachos and popcorn without ordering anything, unless you're the DD for a group. - The popcorn is vegan. - The owner often bartends, so you don't have to tip him. Save your tips for the staff.  No matter where you are, you don't tip the owner. - Don't puke in the sink. Please use the toilet or garbage. - Don't accept soft drink refills that you did not order. They are not free. - You might see celebrities who are in town for performances who are staying at the Mansion. -They're closed most major holidays, so don't try going there for Presidents Day or 4th of July.
I love this place.  Plain and simple. I sat at the bar and ate a pastrami sandwich and drank a beer and could have just lived in that moment for the rest of the night. Perfect little bar, wonderful atmosphere, great bartender/owner. Will be back again and again
So relaxed, so much fun...and free nachos. You gotta be joking
When I came to this place I was out with one of my friend's father, as he wanted me to try this restaurant out with him because he had a hunch I would like it. First thing I did when I walked in was made myself some Nachos with cheese (it's free!). If you're not a nacho lover, they also offer free popcorn! The place wasn't packed, but it wasn't dead either. To me there was a good sized crowd and the level of noise was medium yet respectful and was around happy hour time after work. Anyways, everyone that I engaged in conversation with here that evening including the bartenders, were very nice and made you feel welcomed. The beer on tap is nice and cold, which is a rare thing these days in Buffalo, unfortunately. The walls are decorated in presidential memorabilia, sticking with the theme of this great place. If you want to test your trivia skills then you can do so in one of two ways, ask the bartender which is usually the owner who is a retired history teacher. He will challenge you with different difficult levels of trivia which is a fun time. Since you're drinking and learning a history lesson at the same time, you'll find that the time flies by fairly quickly here The second way is to show up on trivia night which is on the first Tuesday of every month from 7pm - 9pm. This place is a great place to go and meet a great group of people, order some really good food, and enjoy a nice cold beverage. Stick around and you'll learn a lot of history. Where else in Buffalo can you say you learned something (that has an educational value to it that is) each time you walk into the same restaurant/bar that can stick with you for the foreseeable future? No where, that's where! Cheers!
This place definitely lives up to its name. Countless pictures and stories of the founding fathers make this bar an awesome place to grab a beer AND learn at the same time. I could have spent hours here drin...I mean learning.
A Buffalo tradition and friendly, comfortable atmosphere. Good food..nothing surprising but consistently good food. Great place to hang with friends over a drink.
Again, pretend you can do halfsies and give this a four and a half. The decor is fantastic - all the presidents you can handle and then some! Pictures heavy on JFK and Lincoln, and I'm thinking Obama will gain prescence as the months pass. Free snacks! Yay for nachos and popcorn. Something to munch on as you sip inexpensive beers. The bathrooms are clean albeit small. And they are there, trust me. This bar is the place to chill with groups of people and take it easy on any given night. With Presidents. Aww, yeah.
The Founding Fathers was excellent. We both got burgers and they were really tasty and cooked to perfection. Nora was the only employee working and she had it all going on. The free nachos and popcorn were loaded. There were plenty of patrons and she was easily handling everyone. She was there when it was needed and nice  not to mention she was the waitress, bartender and cook all in one. Great job Nora. The decor was really cool especially if you are into history!  I would definitely recommend trying it out. I hear they have trivia onTuesdays. We will be back.
Very cool place.  In my mind Buffalo sort of lacks a good 20 something bar, a good place for a young professional to go and meet similar people, but this place is the closest I've found to that.  There are also a few older people in the mix, which helps to prevent the pretentious aura that a lot of young 20's bars seem to attract.  The bartender was very professional and welcoming, and the decor is interesting enough to always spur new conversation- so I'd definitely recommend it for a first date because we all know how awkward it can be when the conversation is over, and it's not too loud.  Good prices.   3 Good tv's. Parking can be difficult, but you shouldnt drive here anyways because you'll get lost in the presidential memorabilia, flags, and bartender trivia, and before you know it you'll be too drunk to drive.
Wonderful burgers, excellent service... A gem in Buffalo!
It was the Saturday before Halloween and my posse and I were bored with Elmwood (sorry Elmwood, its not you, its the siren call of free nachos and patriotism). So we (meaning I) decided the best way to end the night dressed up as a historical figure was to go to the only place where historiphiles know how to get down, and chow down. We got to Founding Fathers later in the night and were able to snag a table immediately, which is a plus because the posse has been burned with table snagging before. I ordered the turkey and bacon on rye, and it hit the spot with a pile of turkey big enough to make the pilgrims blush, and crispy bacon that upped the yum factor to the max.
Just a quick little review to toss in my two cents in to the pot. I've been here so many times, and who hasn't? It's a great little bar to get away from the hipster crowd now and then. Everyone loves the free nachos and popcorn. Drink prices are very reasonable. Service is usually on point. The crowd is unpretentious. And the decor is arguably the best in Buffalo. The only interior that comes close to being as cool as FF is the "dog wall" at the Chophouse. That's the bar portion. As so many have said, the food is terrible. And I hate to say it, because I really like FF, but I've never had good food there. Last night I had a special which was the pepperjack jerk burger. Portion size was good, but the burger was charred so bad on the outside that it tasted bitter and ashy. The inside was pretty rare, which I was fine with. But there was no balance. There was no taste even hinting of jerk. It could of been a good burger if it were cooked properly and was seasoned better. But like every thing I've ordered from FF it was just shy of being a good meal. It takes the same amount of effort to cook it wrong, so why not cook it right? In the end, we reported our findings to the waiter and we went away with full, unsatisfied bellies. All for under $25, considering we had two drinks and free apps. Not a bad deal. In the end...bad food, good bar.
Nice owner. Super simple bar food.  The bologna sandwich is a greasy and delicious bite when you need to sober up. Great place to stop in and have a drink on your way to allen.
If you don't visit this bar the terrorist's win!  This bar is loaded with Americana. The bartender is one of the best in Buffalo.  They have free munchies, and their menu is pretty darn good.  Good place to hang out for a low key night and answer trivia from the bar tender.  This is my favorite bar in Buffalo hands down.
This is the coolest, most rustic little bar I have seen. I am here in Buffalo to watch the Browns lose tomorrow, which seems to be a yearly tradition. This will be my new favorite bar away from home.
We visited FF for a "freedom" party - having just spent my last day at my old job. Mike was super awesome to the group and the bar was accommodating and celebrating along with us. Great for a group celebration and we all enjoyed the free snacks!
Free nachos!  Free popcorn!  And a tasty menu too.  The presidential decor is fabulous, and the bartender is very nice.
I love coming to Founding Fathers!  Hidden away on a side street across from the Cyclorama building, this place has cheap beer, free nachos and popcorn, and I love the decor - lots of American history related memorabilia that kind of makes you realize what a storied history that the country has had.  Also, an extremely eclectic crowd here, all of which make for a neat experience.  Staff here are also super friendly.  The only thing I would give a thumbs down on is the bathroom.  Pretty gross!  Beyond that, everything else more than makes up for it.
Founding Fathers is the bar you take your friends from out of town.  It tends to be quiet, with ample table space suitable for a good conversation.  Everyone loves the bar on the first go around.  The decor is interesting, the bartender has a charm to him.  Free popcorn and nachos win over most. On repeat visits the novelty tends to wear thin.   The beer selection is okay, and though not unbearably high, the prices are not dive bar cheap if that is what you are expecting.  When the bar is busy the bartender seems to get a little flustered, as it tends to be about one person under staffed. The one thing not to be overlooked is the liquor selection.  It is not extensive but they do have some liquors that are good and unique to Buffalo.  I would recommend Root.  It is only sold in PA, and is the liquor that root beer is based on.  Others  I never see in bars around Buffalo are Kraken and Cabin fever, an 80 proof maple whiskey. As I am vegan I have not tried anything off the menu due to lack of options, though I wouldn't expect it to.  This is the bar I would go to as your beer after work, or starting your night jump off.  Have a pint or two, eat a nacho and be on your way.
I've always found the founding fathers to be a satisfying pub and bar experience. The presidential decor lends itself some sort of faux authenticity. It's saying "hey look, here's John Adams, our SECOND president., he was pretty good? and would he let his face be on the wall of a place that's not pretty good. I didn't think so." anyway, expect a heavy dose of Lincoln, Washington and Labatt. This is Buffalo after all. Doesn't get too too crowded. It's clean, the folks are friendly and drunk. what more could you ask for?
I can't believe I lived up the street from this place when I turned 21, and never went there until I was back in town visiting family and my brother invited me to meet him there.  Now it's almost a required stop if I'm going to visit Buffalo. The free popcorn, reasonably priced beers, awesome atmosphere, great service....  That should be enough to give any place 5 stars.  I can't wait till I'm back in Buffalo (never thought I'd type that) so I can go there again.
This place is very cool. People are right about the food just being OK. but the staff, bar and atmosphere make up for it. I am usually a beer & wine kinda guy but for some reason I felt the urge to tell the bartender to "Release the Kraken." LOL, I've been dying to say that without people staring at me all weird like. After taming that beast, The Fluffer Nutter shot was an absolute must have in my book. Loved it!!
Under the glare and mock smile of the founding fathers and their many successors you are confronted with a question much older than the union which these men have served to preserve: how do you want your hamburger cooked? Do not be distracted by frivolties such as which designer butcher blended what cuts!  When I asked my waitress of what provenance this beef hails, she answered with the magic words, "it's 80/20". Juicy doesn't do Founding Father's Pub's burger justice, nor does perfectly charred, cooked to order, hand packed, expertly seasoned.  It is all of those; but, more importantly, it is exactly what you want.  So go and get it, if you have the balls- it's what Washington would do.
The best thing to do is to try and memorize the order of the presidents off the placemats while drinking... Endless fun
Fantastic atmosphere plus the historical "what nots" spur great drunken conversation.
My favorite pub in Buffalo. Cozy and unique. Free Popcorn & Nachos and hours with pals. I have only good things to say about Founding Fathers- food, drinks & staff.
LOVED the food here. Nice place to sit back and relax with friends
Greatest place ever. Hands down. What a bar should be. The hipsters are taking over but all you have to do is out drink them and forget they are there.
So I can't say anything about the food.. BUT WOW the shots that they have are soo good I can only go their once a year on my birthday!! Because once you have one you want to try them all and boy are they worth trying!! Just make sure you have a DD because there is no way you can walk away after trying them all!! And don't forget to grab your cell phone and purse (I speak from experience).  OH AND THE BARTENDER!! Ask him for quiz questions!! It really is a fun place, and for your DD they have free popcorn and Nachos!! What more can you ask for??
This is my all time favorite bar when I'm visiting Buffalo.  Michael, the bartender/owner makes the place so fun to visit with his trivia.  as everyone mentions, they also have free nachos and popcorn.  The drinks are excellent and strong and very reasonably priced.  The decor is unique, and you can learn quite a bit in here while drinking with your friends.  They do serve food, only complaint is last time I was in town they were still without a deep fryer.  Doesn't matter though, I'd come here even if they didn't have food.
Once, about three years ago when I was relatively new to Buffalo, I was going to meet up with some German couchsurfers. They were staying at the hostel downtown (who knew that existed?!) and they told me to meet them at Founding Fathers, near Main St. I went to Williamsville Main St. What? How did I not know about this place? Eventually I became more aware of all the good stuff in Buffalo and heard everyone sing praises for this place. My time to check out this haunt was random. My fiance and I were out with his brother someplace downtown. His brother LOVES this bar (despite a hairy left behind car key situation that happened after our visit- another tale for another day) and took us here around 1am. I don't often stay out until last call but this bar is the perfect place to do so. The popcorn and nachos are FREE which makes drunk snacking all too simple. But the real charm here is the trivia man behind the bar, Mike. The night we were there he definitely "stumped the bar" a few times but we had lots of fun. Such joy I felt after answering a question about what school offers ceramics as a degree. My future brother in law, history major and trivia buff was even proud enough to say "this is going to be my sister in law!" This is a terrible bar to come for conversation because everyone is holding their breath listening for the next question. A good time will be had by all, and it is a bar worth staying at until they kick you out!
This is such a fun place for an intellectual crowd. They say trivia night is Tuesdays but every night is trivia night with Mike behind the bar. There are always complimentary nachos and popcorn available and who doesn't love free snacks?! The actual menu is small but I've ordered from it twice with good results. Despite what another reviewer said here about the quality of the burger, I ordered mine medium and received it done perfectly. Perhaps there were different cooks on?
Went here for a work happy hour and it was a pretty cool place overall. Sadly, I did not experience any of their trivia fun but it was a nice place to just grab a table and hang out. The feel of this place is great, with all of their memorabilia and such, but their beer/food selection definitely leaves a lot to be desired. It would be SO cool if they could tie in their drinks and food with the history thing. For example...menu items ranging from the 1700s through today? President-inspired cocktails? Their popocorn machine was awesome and the service was good, too.
Just awesome.  Miss it!
If you're looking for a place to just hang out and enjoy a couple of beers and some free nachos and popcorn with friends, then this is not a bad spot.  For dinner, lunch or any other occasion when you have to order their food, stay away!  It's expensive for what it is -- you can probably make a better burger or tuna sandwich at home than spend money on their food.  I suggest having dinner at home first then going here to hang with friends.
This place is the best and truly a hidden gem!  The decor is an absolutely perfect collection of all sorts of historic memorabilia and flags.  The free nachos and popcorn are also a big plus.  However, the real reason to go here is bartender and owner Michael Driscoll.  Mike is the perfect accompaniment to a long night of drinking.  He is entertaining, funny and he knows trivia...I mean he KNOWS trivia.  It takes a bit to get him going on a non-trivia night, but once you get him going he'll have the whole bar engaged in trivia.  He's not just up on historical trivia either, pick a category and he will astound you with the breadth of his trivial knowledge.  Would be interesting to see how Watson would have faired against Mike on Jeopardy.  This place is a can't miss for a night of drinking in Buffalo.  The crowd is mixed and very sociable which kind of describes Buffalo anyway.  Go there!!
Very good food. When I went here on Saturday with my dad, the bartender served us, and she made sure to tell us the specials. I got the tortellini pesto salad, and my dad got a sandwich. The salad was delicious, especially with the pesto and different sauces used made it delicious. My dad seemed to enjoy his sandwich. Overall, we both agreed that we would go back.
i think the disparity of the reviews lies on that people who rate this place high, enjoy it for its bar atmosphere.  it does have cool stuff on the wall and the people there are friendly, but the food is pretty terrible.  everything is frozen.  the popcorn tasted stale.  i have no idea how long the nacho condiments have been sitting out for, i feel that i could have been a health violation.   i would go back though, mainly for drinks, but wouldn't eat there again.
I was in Founding Fathers back in April and i haven't forgot my horrible experience.My friend and i were in around dinner time(6pm).The bar staff seemed downtrodden and had no energy or spirit.The OWNER showed up and was bar-tending for a large portion of the night.I found him to be quite snarky and sarcastic.At one point i asked him why he was still in the business and he said "the money"..He was honest but a complete failure at making a patron feel welcomed.We left and spent our money where it was deserved.---I am puzzled by the high remarks this place has received?..a mere Coors light is 4 Bucks!..and the food is something just this side of a DQ. Perhaps its the dingy dim lit atmosphere or the lack of clean air inside?..Or perhaps we folks in Buffalo have bottomed out completely?.. -I bet the snarky OWNER is relishing the reviews...too bad they're  about as lopsided as the ill-fated Titanic.
atmosphere is top notch, drink prices are still higher than I'd like but I'd definitely come back when I'm back in buffalo
Imagine if George Washington had a bad alcohol problem....this is where he would come. Cozy little gem of a place near downtown That I walked to from my hotel on a snowy January night. It was perfect, low lit, warm and just right for a snowy buffalo night. The beer selection was average, I didn't eat but it was great because of the atmosphere. The walls are covered with pictures of American presidents, they have a free popcorn machine and it was intimate. Check out for sure if visiting the 716
