Went with my boyfriend on a Friday night.. First it was a little dry but it soon picked up .. Music was a bit of hip hop & bachata they had hookah which I hate .. Tried the henny punch and it was delicious !! Drinks on the pricey side but I had a great time.. Would go again ** got there around 12pm $10 each for me and my bf, not bad at all maybe before 12 not too sure that night was a blur in a good way lol**
Ill start off by saying I enjoyed the food..... im a real foodie so I understand flavor combinations and profiles and how sometime less is more when you allow a good fresh ingredient to speak for itself. So the food was on point. The drinks were severely over priced and had too much alcohol in them for cocktails that are order by a patron based on flavor not alcohol content. The first table we were sat at basically hurt my ass and consisted of these hard metal bar type high chairs. I  requested we be moved to another seating arrangement and was obliged. The service was "less than desired" and im being nice there. The staff were well dressed though. the saving grace to this place was the food but, I think I prefer to spend my money in other restuarants that can deliver bogh excellent food, and service has well has drinks.
Sunday was the first time I've eaten at 9A Kitchen and Lounge. My fiance chose this location to celebrate my 40th birthday with 14 of my close friends. Firstly the food was amazing!! Everyone in my group enjoyed their meal. I think everyone ordered something different from the menu and NO COMPLAINTS in that department. The drinks were also on point. I think we had 3 pitchers of the Hennessey Punch. However our service that day was very slow and lackluster. In her defense the waitress seemed a bit overwhelmed but that should not be reflected on how we were being served. We were there on a Sunday afternoon which I was told is prime time. We made a reservation days before so staff should have been ready for our party. I will recommend this spot to friends and family BUT I will warn them about the service. I hope this improves. I will also add the DJ was on POINT!
My experience has been great everytime I go to eat here. Cheers to the chef he always comes out to make sure everyone is satisfied with their meal during brunch. The staff is kind and the service is fast.
This review is well overdue! I have dined at 9A a handful of times and every time I have had a pleasant experience. The food is amazing... From appetizers-entrees-sushi and drinks! I live in NJ and usually prefer to go to the LES for brunch. I celebrated my birthday there in late June. I booked a brunch at 2 pm on a Saturday. I am in my mid 30s therefore I didn't want anything too crowded nor too quiet and boring. It was perfect! I had a party of about 26 pple and everyone had an amazing time! The food came out in a timely manner even though some of my guests arrived later than expected. The food was absolutely delicious! The staff was wonderful and I even got to meet the owner who treated us like family. We never felt rushed although the place got much busier. Great music ie: old school hip hop (my fav) and a nice mix of everything else. Overall it was outstanding and I cannot wait to go back!!! Oh I must add that there seemed to be additional private events going on in other areas of the venue and they seemed very organized and tasteful.
Food and drinks are good as far as there service I think they need to get better at it but I will come back.
Had a good time here. Came here for a cool midday snack with my boys. Place was busy but not too crowded.  Tiffany seated us at a comfy table by the bar and Paola was just too on point handling our table. The owner is cool as hell too. Had the french banana toast.....toooo lit. Check out there night life too, beautiful ppl.
The food here is awesome ! We got the fried chicken with the red velvet waffles. It was so good we couldn't even finish. We also got side of eggs and potatoes. The  potatoes  were banging ! I can't wait to go back to try more, perhaps for dinner next time instead of brunch.
I came here for Brunch and I had the lobster Mac and cheese. My friend had the shrimp and grits both was great. We also ordered a pitcher of Bellini which was very tasty. They were not cheat with the champagne. The service was good and it's a nice place for calm settings and a Good Time!
Solid drinks as long as you order off the vodka menu :P but really you come here for the kickass djs, sweet ambience, and solid hookah. People come here to look good and have fun. At the end of the day, isn't that what you want?
We were unable to get a table at Dinosaur BBQ and found this on yelp. I'm glad we did. It was an excellent choice. Salads, sushi and burger is what we ordered. All was excellent. The service was attentive and friendly. Very cool space with lots of TV 's to watch sports. Highly recommend 9A !!
I was pleasantly surprised with 9A. I have walked past this restaurant a few times since it opened and had it bookmarked to try so I was thrilled when my girlfriend set up a pre-Mother's Day brunch there.   I like the décor of the restaurant - TV's everywhere and a space in the back for dancing (apparently it turns into a club in the evenings).  I sat at the bar and waited for the rest of the group to arrive.  The bartender was very friendly and told me that for brunch you have a choice of sangria (white or red), mimosa or bellinis.  None of the drinks are included with the brunch which was a bit of a downer but oh well.  I ordered the white sangria and it was pretty good and a little stronger than most places served so I was pleased. We were a large party and I have to say that the eating area really isn't conducive to large parties but we made it work.  Each entrée comes with a choice of fruit salad or green salad.  I ordered the green salad - it comes with house dressing which wasn't bad.  For entrée I had the decadent mac - which is lobster macaroni and cheese.  It was delicious!!  The pasta was cooked perfectly, the dish was cheesy with an adequate amount of lobster in it - very good.  In fact, judging from what everyone ordered, all the food was good.  My girlfriends that sat near me had the shrimp with grits, steak and eggs and crab cakes with eggs and they all said that their meals were delicious.  I also saw a few people with chicken and red velvet waffles and made a note that I have to order that when I come back. And I will be coming back........
Food was great although the portion size is small including for drinks also it was a nice place a little bit disorganized from the server confused or every second asking if we were ok because its a Harlem business and overlooking the few glitches the food was great and affordable it was 4 stars I would again to order food and go
This is a very interesting place. Out of the flow, but in a good location. Parking is easy and safe. Don't be fooled by the location this is an up and coming happening area. Easy access to the Westside Highway is also a plus. They have good sushi. Everything seemed fresh and the presentation was nice. The serves are friendly and the hostess seems to keep track of the tables to make sure everyone is happy. The atmosphere is easy going and while the televisions have a wide variety of sports they do not distract from having a conversation and fun with friends or family. Not a place for kids.
Brunched here St Patrick's Day weekend and I ate green, red velvet waffles and fried chicken! I hadn't had a waffle in 10+ years but this green waffle sure did hit he spot. The music was a bit too loud for my liking but they were playing some good 90s hits so I didn't complain. I would love to come and check out the after work or Saturday night vibe.
The worst place that I have ever been in NYC,  you have to pay 10 for parking, 30 cover as a man, 20 for your lady, 10 For each coat, and in less than 5 mins you already have spent $80, the crowd as well was the worst of the worst, I would recommend this place for an expensive halloween party, and not even speak of the time you have to be on line, it's like 30 mins, however when you get into the place is barely half empty!! The service sucks, it is the worst, the only good thing is the hookah which is expensive as hell too. Don't lose your time going to this place.
Came here to meet up with my high school friends since I live in dc now. They are always taking me to new hot spots and I must say this place was a hit for me from beginning to end. Our waitress Alisha ( forgive me If I spelled it wrong) was great she recommended everything from our drinks to our food. And I must say everything she chose was on point. I had the southern hospitality and for a drink I had the D'usse it ( D'usse with angry orchard and pomegranate syrup).  Definitely was feeling great afterwards and the atmosphere was very relaxed. We were able to meet the chef (chef blaire I think was his name) and he asked us how our food was. I can't lie from one good cook to another had to give him his dues. Food was excellent. Only reason I gave this place four stars was pricing for the average person. However as for my pockets and I they are definitely worth it!!!!
Typical mis management Harlem crap that could be better.  I went there on a weekday night where they close the better half of the restaurant, so everyone has to sit at the bar or lounge area where there is a subwoofer place perfectly to make u deaf if u sit on the leather couch. They do make great martinis. I had a date and come to find out 3 things we chose of the menu they didn't have, I think the kitchen should let their servers know ahead of service before making the customers wait 10-15 minutes until they tell the servers to come back and notify the customers (3 TIMES!) Also I ordered a Brooklyn lager on draft and it was not a brookyln , it was some something much lighter and more bitter. It's pretty cheap I must say and the environment is like Living Out Loud vibe, early 90s R&B lounge scene.  I wish I had a better experience, I was looking forward to coming there for months cause I live in the area. The only thing that made our experience better was our server, who was a short cute girl with glasses, she was very personable and honest, was nice.
I'm writing this review based on my second time around and I must say this place hits the spot. Went during brunch with coworkers one day and was impressed with the drinks the bartender made us. The fruit salad with yogurt was delicious, the fruits were sweet. We each ordered something different so that we could test taste each plate. We were in hog heaven all I can say is the crab cakes were awesome, the red velvet waffles and chicken was on point. The chicken was crispy on the outside and moist and juicy on the inside, the mac & cheese was okay for me didn't really care for the shells that they used should have just stuck with elbow macaroni. The BBQ shrimp and grits was slamming!! My only dislike for this place was the seating, we were seated at a table that had both chairs and a sofa. Sitting on the sofa can be a bit weird the table is situated higher than you so,  my advise is to ask for a table with chairs. I will definitely be making this place my go to spot.
We live in the neighborhood and was so excited when this place opened, hoping for another great dining option on 12th avenue. However when we finally had the opportunity to check it out we were beyond disappointed and will never be back. We had dinner tonight (7:00pm) and for some reason they had VERY VERY and I mean EXTREMELY LOUD music pumping through the dining area.  Not at a festive ambience level, but at a THUMPING DANCE CLUB level.  That would be fine if it were late at night or the weekend when I imagine the place goes into club mode, but this was 7:00pm on a weeknight, and we were hoping just to have some great bar food and watch the game.  Instead the music was so unbearably loud most of the evening was devoted to make sure the silverware and candle didn't fall off the table it was jumping around so much because of the bass.   (I actually thought the music selections were pretty good, the DJ was spinning some great tracks, but the sheer volume was just impossible.) The wait staff was fine, service was fine, except they ran out of ribs and we had to order something else from the menu which is weird considering there were only about 7-8 customers in the dining room, how could they run out? We had the calamari, the jerk chicken, and the steak and I have to say it was all very delicious!  The chef is the real deal.  We enjoyed everything taste-wise but couldn't really enjoy the dining experience when the music was tooth-filling-rattling.  It's a real shame because I enjoyed my food and would look forward to eating it again but I just can't tolerate having my brain rattled out of my ear while I'm trying to eat.  When I'm dancing and drinking, sure, bring that bassline on!  But on a weekday dinner service?  That volume is entirely unacceptable.  Was looking forward to watching the NCAA tournament here but now will go elsewhere, either Dinosaur or Riverbank.
My boys and I went here for a birthday party.  The party purchased table service and several bottles.   It shocked me how horrible the service was. After getting this squared away with the hostess, we waited a ridiculously long time just to get our table set up.  The bucket of ice was not even out when the bottles came out.(I have worked just about every position in the nightlife, and this is not custom for the industry).  Then, for our party of 10, we were given four(4) cups to drink with.  How does that even work out.  Secondly, for 4 bottles, they provided the smallest carafes of juice(only 2 of them).  I noticed other tables had larger ones.  So if you wanted additional one it would be $10. That is no problem paying that extra, but why give us the smallest ones.   To top it all off, we were supposed to get a birthday cake with this package, and we recieved none. If people are going to your establishment to spend money, they are looking for, at the minimum, the same standard of service you would find at any other place.
Cute place came with a DJ friend he was looking to have an event here business wise i heard management wasn't as professional as the establishment looks. However, the review is for the food This place offers sushi, and some american dishes. I like the idea of sushi which i indulged in ordered two rolls which we shared. For an entree i ordered the Turkey burger, very tasty no complaints I feel like some of the prices were overdone but hey i'm not running the business. would come again if i'm in the area.
This place is a hidden gem, I love the rustic modern decor and the bathroom that have chalkboard walls. So instead of bathroom selfies I'm drawing up a masterpiece lol The service needs to improve in speed, everyone is very hospitable from the host, bartender and waiters however they should be more aware of how long they take between greeting, serving drinks and taking your order. If this review was solely based on the food it will get 5 star plus, everything I tried that day was delicious and full of flavor. The chef def throws it down in the kitchen. Amazing presentation as well.  I went for brunch and had the knockout burger which was def a knockout, also tried the cotton club, the chicken and waffles, oatmeal and huevos rancheros. You can't go wrong with any of these items I look forward to trying the dinner menu and receiving stellar service on my next visit
Had an great time at 9A tonight! Our waitress Carla was amazing and super attentive. Along with a beautiful smile her personality truly exhibits what I believe 9A represents and is looking to convey to their patrons. I'd definitely return and if Carla's available, I'll request her as well! Thanks again...
UPDATED REVIEW: I came back to 9a recently and didn't leave a review until now. I am sticking to my initial 5-Star rating. I have a star rating system and 9a received a star in each category. Food- (2/2 stars) phenomenal again. Everything I've eaten here has been tasty and enjoyable. I've had the wings, ribs, sushi, seafood, amongst the other things and I've yet to be disappointed. Decor- (1/1 stars) as with my last review, I love the decor and layout of 9a. Particularly the Florence couches, in the elevated area across from bar and coat check area. They are so comfortable, much more than they appear to be. Bathroom- (1/1 stars) this is the area where most places loose their stat with me. The restrooms at 9a are one of my favorite. They a ingeniously tucked away on the 1/2 level below, manned by a bathroom monitor who keeps tabs on the restrooms and their availability. The row of TV lining the wall opposite of the restroom is a nice touch. The actual bathrooms are great. Quality and visually pleasing sink with a cool faucet. The hand air dryer is actually fun to interact with. And the chalk board walls is a superb approach to the almost inevitable and unfortunate graffiti found bathrooms around the city's eateries. The walls and graffiti here actually lend to its artistic quality. Staff (1/1 stars) as in my last review, the staff has and remained very pleasant and attentive. I am very happy with 9a and it will continue to be one of my regularly visited places whenever I'm in the area.
Amazing fried Oreo dessert. Raymond looked after our big group so well. I would definitely come back here to try to other food on the menu. This place is great. Come to Harlem!!
This place is super cute! The first time I went was actually on a Wednesday night to celebrate my sisters birthday, it was a full party.  The music was awesome a lot of early 90s r&b mixed with some more up to date tunes. It was surprisingly packed. I had no idea it was an actual restaurant until I read reviews. So I decided to give it a try as a restaurant. This time I went on a Friday night around 7, I must say I was not disappointed.  One review that I did read was a complaint about the volume that the Dj played and it was perfect, it was the right volume. I was able to carry out a conversation with my friend. Te space is super small and I was basically sharing a booth like seat with two other people I did not know so the music being on the louder side created some privacy. The music drowned out much of my neighbors conversation. I have experienced restaurant/lounge places and I think that 9a has succeeded in this rather challenging atmosphere to create. Now the food!! Delish!! I ordered the lobster Mac and cheese it was yummy. My friend ordered the jerk chicken tacos which was tasty but the portion was more like a shareable appetizer.  If you are starving I wouldn't suggest that plate it comes with rice and beans but they are very underwhelming. All in all this place is very nice I will be returning but next time for brunch I have my eye on those red célèbre waffles yumm
I've had so many yummy dishes at this venue, the Mild Chicken Wings, Chicken Quesadillas, Calamari, Viva Tostones, California Rolls and some others that I can't remember at the moment.  The one I just had was to die for!!!!  Chef Chan made me a plate of Angry Dragon Sushi and I almost licked my plate.  That would have been weird though so I didn't.  Oh Em Geeeee was that good.  I'm excited to try the other sushi dishes soon.  You go Chef Chan!!!  Please stop by and try it ASAP!!!  You will be pleasantly surprised!!
I like the place for bunch the food is actually pretty good, I was pleasantly surprised at the menu selection. If I could I would just order the fresh fruit and yogurt that is served with brunch. I normally get the FrenchToast and Bacon on the side or The Fried Chicken and Red Velvet Waffles. The drinks are good, the Decor is fitting for the area and is great if you want to watch the game and be served by sexy waitress'.
Had a really great time here watching the Holland Costa Rica World Cup game. Raymond was our server and looked after us exceptionally well. We had a huge group and he catered for the widely varying needs like which TV to show the game right down the to the AC temperature. Food was good and the beer selection decent. Definitely worth a trip to Harlem
Caught the happy hour this time. The pineapple mojites and margaritas are all that.  Our server Alysha is cool as ever. We dig her! She is making sure we're happy & happy folks spend.  Nothing but great things to say about 9A!
really really cool place to have brunch at and the food is really good and they have some really pretty girls working there they have 7 big screen tvs so you can watch the game and they have a dj............i would go back for sure
NEVER AGAIN! Went there for a few drinks and apps on a Saturday night.  Stepped outside to use my phone and all of a sudden they were charging a cover at the door and were requiring people to check their coats. A guy came to speak to me after I declined to pay for coat check, especially since I had spent money at this establishment by buying food and drinks.  He had no idea what he was speaking about.  They feel that it is good business to make up their own policies just to fatten their pockets.  Completely unprofessional and I will never go back.   Customer service is key to any successful business.  Based on the other reviews here it won't be long until people start realizing that places like this should not be endorsed.  Hopefully it'll be soon when they finally close this place down and replace it with a restaurant that actually provides good food and good service.
I'm not sure about all of these other reviews... I loved this place and I am not an easy "grader". I went two times.  The first time was a Saturday night and other members of my dinner party were late and the kitchen was closing so we left.  I ended sitting there waiting for them to arrive for about 30 mins.  Really nice vibe, good music. I came back on a Wednesday night.  The food was fantastic-- everything was delicious and seasoned well.  I had the Jerk chicken which ended up being tacos with a side of rice and beans.  My boyfriend had the shrimp shooters, Southern Hospitality and then we three vegetable appetizers; mac n cheese, garlic spinach and oil, whipped sweet potatoes.  All delicious. The waitresses were a little young but very friendly and attentive.  We didn't have drinks so can't say how those were.  loved the good music.  Great vibe and atmosphere. i will be back!
Good time down by the river. Friendly workers- especially Jason, they were great at presenting a cake and sparklers. Good bar staff. Have fun over at 9A.
This review is for the Saturday nightlife at 9A. Ordered bottle service and was told by the bartender that the listed price was incorrect?! After speaking to a supervisor and stating, "if that's what's listed, you have to charge that", we purchased the bottle. Cocktail waitress was friendly and checked on us- which was nice of her. Hookah was good- very good. Music- a lot of Spanish. A lot! No one really danced- just stood around with their drinks. Such a waste of good dancing space COAT CHECK- OMG!!!!!!!  Coat check was so backed up and blocked the exit. A lot of drunk people angry about not getting their coat and initially only one girl working coat check- poor lady. A few fights broke out during the ordeal- kind of tells you how the crowd was. I would only go back during brunch or dinner- night life here is not my cup of tea.
Not sure why my review was not helpful as per yelp's standards, but my bf went recently and asked to add to my review BUT he couldn't find it because someone may have altered it and it's not viewable. No prob... (I just copied and pasted it) This place, as per his standards, is still a very shady place. Something is just.... off... My review from 11/2013: First of all, I'd like to say that overall, its a nice place with a lot of potential to be great. Now, to clarify any misgivings, I've eaten and drank at bars all around the world and some locations that would never even show up on a map off of a dirt road in a 3rd world country. (And still amazing food and drink as well as service) To begin, I usually sit (sat) at the bar and was tended to by the bartenders - I never got their names right - ana, jillian (forgot other one), very very nice, and superb service (and really cute too). Oh, and one tall black guy - he was excellent as well. I've ordered wings which were never really hot, but sticky and somewhat seasoned with sesame (which I found odd) but they were a good surprise. (Note to owners - do NOT call them hot wings then). I've ordered the southern dish of fried chicken and sides - very good - sides were delectable and well made. The mash sweet potato was a bit on the sweeter side than it needed to be, but nothing to send back to the kitchen for. I did, however, wait for a VERY LONG time to receive my food, and although I gave the bartender some beef about it, she went and fought for me in the kitchen and it came right out after. (thank you!) Two sundays in September, I brought a colleague and then some friends for their brunch. one time the brunch server tells us one thing. the next time, they say that certain items are not available and to order from the regular menu. pure confusion. she had no idea what was going on and it was obvious that the kitchen was also confused. (no bueno) all-you-can-eat was great one time, then watery drinks the next time. wtf? sushi is pretty good, but could be better. 16% auto gratuity showed up, but I usually tip in the 20's%, so not a big deal for me. i must say that my friends were very uncomfortable when a manager (or at least we believe he was a mgr wearing a bright jogging suit) began speaking harshly and loudly to the bartenders - VERY UNPROFESSIONAL. it happened twice in one night. Oh, and the next time the chef sends back a message via his server that basically says "f*ck you, this is what you get", I'm asking to speak to the owner. so uncool. my friends stated they will not go back, and we're heavy tippers. I live close, so I may go back for drinks synopsis drinks: b+ (only downgrade because of high price, but happy hour is pretty good) food: c+ (tastes good, but service from kitchen is subpar) service: c (bartenders and servers are great - management and kitchen not good) ambiance: b (nice decor, layout is not so great - bar shape is odd at the end) PS - I am a freelance restaurant critic for a publishing house. lets be glad I wasn't on the clock....
I'm currently at 9a and I'm disappointed I don't know if it's a bar or a restaurant, I was told by the one of the waiters that the owner want to give patrons the restaurant feel but how when you have a live DJ.. When you have a live DJ at your establishment then it becomes a lounge verses a restaurant, last I check a restaurant doesn't have a DJ..
This place is Awesome! Came in to celebrate the birthday of two friends. The Chef was so accomodating. The food was beyond wonderful. Alysha the server was on point! She was polite, efficent, and made the experience wonderful. Everything about this place was Great! Returning immediately!
Tonight's dinner was a chicken quesadilla with a tortilla so flavorful and delicious it's delicate in its nature and big with its taste; I had been warned, that the Mac and cheese was so good it's like a mouthgasm (that's right I said it) and I am happy to report that they are correct! My eyes rolled back in my head at the marriage of cheeses,  one of stars being gruyere and finally The Jerk (not the movie!) but delicious Jerk chicken with mango salsa so succulent and juicy I was almost crying. Shout out to Lola our server who was awesome and patient and put up with all our questions. Sadé our hostess was fabulous and gracious and made us feel right at home. This is my first visit BUT NOT MY LAST!!!
My sister and I came once before during the week day, that night I and a few other family members with me. We had the calamari, chicken wings, chicken quesadilla, macaroni and cheese, deep fried ores and ice cream, and ooh lots of drinks!! :) I especially liked the "133" drink. I love the feel and vibe of the place, a great way to unwind after work and have a good time to where I can still make it into work the next day lol.
Okay so I hosted my best-friends Bridal Shower here. The manager is sweet and very helpful. All of the food was delectable and the servers went over and beyond to make sure everything was up to par.
The service is great!!!! Not only the service but the food as well! This is a great spot to come to chill and eat with friends.
The food was amazing, we were pleasantly surprised. The Shrimp shot appetizer is quite good. The SoCo ribs fell off of the bone as described and were delicious!  The Mac and Cheese side, collard greens and sautéed spinach side dishes were tasty and the serving portion was generous.
I went here afterwork on a friday after hearing mixed reviews from friends and coworkers. My waitress wasnt too friendly the drinks specials were great for happy hour. Appetizers were also good I tried the wings and meat platter. Loved it. They also have a sushi bar (so random) nice perk is the cell phone charging station which is free. Dont fret my cell phone junkies!!  The music was horrible for a friday afterwork the selection was 80s punk I was not feeling it one bit...other than the music and the stank waitress food was good and drinks did the job
If there were more than 5 stars I've give it! I tried this place for the first time. It's truly a hidden gem. The food was amazing. I had the southern hospitality aka "the itis" (crispy organic fried chicken, candied whipped sweet potatoes, mac&cheese, homemade cornbread, & collard greens w/smoked turkey). This dish certainly lives up to its name. I felt like I was at my grandmother's house for sunday dinner. And I don't say that often about other people's cooking. EVERYTHING was phenomenal except the greens. They were just ok, the seasoning/flavor wasn't all there. The chicken was crazy good. The skin....omg....the SWEET POTATOES!! I ordered an extra side to go. I'll definitely be back. I was too stuffed to try the croissant bread pudding for dessert. I'll be back to check out the lounge SOON!!
Saw a few pictures thought it was cute and being that it was new some friends and I decided to give it a try. Our server was really friendly and he was great at helping us decide on what to try from their menu. We were all pretty satisfied with all our food choices (The Mac & cheese was my favorite I think tho ) I wanted a Red Devil and the bartender didn't know how to make one and made this terrible drink which was a complete waste of 14 bucks. So for the rest of the night I just drank patron &pineapple. Saturday nights there ended turning into a club settings but the DJ mostly played Reggaeton, which isn't my cup of tea. Never the less it's a cute place, I might return.
Big disappointment with the waitress here. I had to ask if they do happy hour. Then respond with happy hour 1/2 off drinks & appetizer, then doesn't honor it to us after the check. Then tells us that its only at the bar when she never said that the first place. It was her fault and didn't do anything about the mistake??? Makes me angry about this place when I enjoyed their drinks. & was going to tell my friends about this place..   This place needs help in the management department. You just lost a customer here.
Keeping it Simple: Excellent Food! Excellent Service! Great DJ! I had the shrimp & grits, some of the best I've EVER tasted.... Definitely will be back soon.  Angie was our server she and the staff here are top notch. Keep up the good work 9ANYC!
I Live in BK so I went here upon a friends request...even though what I had was delicious and I enjoyed myself...the commute to the spot is a bit much for me.   HOWEVER let me say this: The atmosphere was very cute for Sunday Brunch.  They had a nice selection of music going and the staff and guest seem to be have a good time.  I personally like my waitress to be fun and happy then a bitter old bi*^#...but thats just me. I order the shrimp & grits and it was delicious, I totally enjoyed it.  My friend had the lobster Mac&cheese that too was TASTEY!!!!  I had no complaints about the food. If I can get a ride I will be back or I will go back again when the weather breaks:)
We had an amazing experience at this venue. My mother had hosted an engagement brunch for me and my fiancé this past Saturday. We had close to 30 people and everyone raved about the food and service. We all know how difficult it is to please everyone but 9A did it. My mother and bridesmaids stated that the staff was extremely helpful even during the decorating process. They were able to provide whatever they needed such as; scissors, tape, etc. They even changed the up lighting to match our colors. Liz was an exceptional waitress. She was very nice, accurate with the orders and even made sure that my 4 year old cousin had a full cup of juice at all times. I would highly recommend this place to anyone for your event. It's worth every penny and then some.
This was my first time at the restaurant but I was referred by a friend that the food was great and she was right. Its a new venue on the 12th ave strip. I had the West wings as an appetizer, which was delicious and cooked perfectly. For the entree we had the red velvet chicken and waffles. I found them to be the best red velvet chicken and waffles I've had to date. What made them special was the side of whipped mascarpone Cream topping that went well with the maple syrup  and chicken delivering that perfect combination of sweet and savory. Kudos to the executive chief Courtney Harris. 9A also have a fresh sushi bar but I was so stuffed and couldn't eat another bite lol The atmosphere is chic and hip. Lots of tvs and space for sport watchers and occasion celebrations. This spot has a lot potential. I will definitely be a regular.
I came here on Saturday to celebrate my birthday and i was NOT happy at all. The hostess who seated us was great. I was confused by the menu it seemed to be all over the place, American, Asian, Caribbean, etc. i had a party of 8 guests and no one was pleased with their food. one of my guests got the chicken and waffles, the chicken was not tasteful (under-seasoned) and the waffles were dry. Another had the southern meal and her chicken wasn't great either. overall no one enjoyed their meals. I asked to speak to the mgr about getting something different for the two guests who didn't even eat their food (that was a hassle) and we were originally charged for BOTH the meals they didn't consume and the shrimp cocktails(replacement) that they did. the bill came and we were overcharged for items and it was disputed, OK, fine. now on to the lounge.. the staff were only offering $500 packages for bottle service so we declined. Asked again n we heard different prices. we purchased a bottle and hookah and was stuck in a walk way with only a table no chair or anything (keep in mind we've already spent a great deal of $ on shots at the bar). people walking by that could easily cause congestion. we asked to be moved they said no. eventually we were moved, i noticed people  were leaving that was going to do bottle service. we ended up having our own fun 2-3  bottles and hookah later. the ONLY reason we stayed here is because i had guests on their way at differemt arrival times and i hate to be that person to change venues in the midst of things. Also, cover was supposed to be $ ALL NIGHT they charged some of my guy friends $30 and some $40 RIDICULOUS. i wouldnt come back to celebrate my bday ever.
Came here on a Friday night around  10:30pm. Ambiance: This place is decorated very nice, has a glow in the dark/ modern vibe.  The DJ was playing very good music, techno, old school hip hop and R&B. Service: We sat at the bar and ordered drinks that were reasonably priced.  The bartender, Phill, was super friendly and attentive.   Food:My date ordered the spicy salmon sushi rolls (I was reluctant about ordering sushi at a non-Japanese place), but I must say, they tasted pretty good. Overall impression:   I did not go in the back (the restaurant portion) but I did get a peek and it looks very spacious and nice. They also have a bar in the back as well. I noticed they have self-serve beer stations were you get a pre-paid card.  They also have various TVs which makes this a good bar for watching sports. They do not have a dancing license which sucks because the music was soo good I wanted to get up and dance. Would love to come back for happy hour and maybe even dinner!
Been here twice and had a great time both times. The first time we went it was late and the kitchen was closing,however they accommodated us and the food was great. Also the drinks were good. The second time we went (my wife and myself) they had a huge party going on...again the accommodated us and made us feel special and welcomed. The ambiance is great as well as the vibes. The music was banging. The table was kind of small,but considering they made a way....We made a way as well. Looking forward to the next time.
I came here yesterday for a birthday party for a friend. The ambiance was amazing, the food was spectacular and the servers were kind. Special shout out to Alicia for ensuring my glass was never empty!! When I come back to NYC I will be sure to come back for a visit.
My first impression... I was impressed! Was really loving the decor which was elegant industrial with exposed brick, great lighting and contemporary furnishings. My friend and I sat at a bar side table and the service was prompt and friendly. I thoroughly enjoyed the 90s R&B which was played a little louder than background level but not too loud for normal conversation... a blessing considering the other venues in the area. There was a huge range of choices on both the food and drink menus. My friend had a mango mojito and I had the specialty drink made from bourbon, oj n hot sauce... delish! Since it was a little late to have dinner we had the crab cake starter which was just ok... no fireworks. One of the managers came by to find out how we were doing and told us of some upcoming events. Will definitely be back to partake in some of tasty looking menu items (including the fresh sushi!) and hopefully, some great entertainment.
The attention to details is the best.... The manager is really nice and he makes sure everyone is having a good time. They must bring the watermelon martini back though it's a. Absolute must!!!
I was just at this restaurant/ lounge. The owners who cared enough about the patrons to come chat it up with us, (and they were awesome) the staff was amazing. The food was hands down absolutely to die for. The chef came out and greeted us on request because honestly the food was so good I did ask to meet him and he graciously came to our table. (I had to compliment the chef) the atmosphere was the perfect Monday pick me up with good music. Good food. Perfect for your ladies night or a guys night. Heck everyone can get together and hang out. (Not hard to speak over the music because the music isnt too loud.  Good choice of drinks. Reasonable prices good food.. love this place!!
The place looks like a scene straight out of Love & Hip Hop.  We went for brunch with a group of 12 and the music was so loud we couldn't even hear.  We had to ask numerous staff members before they would turn the volume down to a reasonable level.  All of the unlimited drinks were extremely watered down and it was like asking the girl for a favor to refill our carafes.   The place's only saving grace was that the food was really good.  Unfortunately, everything else was subpar.  I wouldn't recommend it or go back.
Even though this place a bit out of the way, I still enjoyed myself. The drink here are STRONG, just the way I like them. I ordered the wings which were tasty. For dinner, I had the chicken and waffles and that was really good. The service was a bit off but nevertheless I was satisfied. I thought this place was much bigger though. Our waitress mentioned that they serve brunch so I would check that out if I'm in the area.
Way too expensive drinks. $15 a pop. Food was decent. Very tacky interior designing that does not make a lot of sense, but I guess this is a pretty subjective remark.
This place just opened a week ago or so, we stopped by on our way back from Dino BBQ. The outside decor fooled us into thinking this place would be better than it was. We discovered that it's a fairly cheesy club scene with way too many TVs and high priced drinks. They said their kitchen will open soon. It's a large place with many different rooms, vinyl couches, high ceiling, and unneccessary colored lighting which made me feel like I was at an adult Chucky Cheese. I couldn't give it 1 star though because the staff was very nice. I think they believe they're going to cater to the Columbia crowd...but I'm doubtful that will work out for them.
I had a Bridal Brunch at this place and it was amazing the food was great and the staff Raymond and Raul were awesome.  I will definitely visit again.
I celebrated my Birthday with a few of my girls here on July 12th for dinner. I have to say we enjoyed EVERYTHING we had. The food was very good. We started with an order of Calamari (the sauce was delicious, we asked for more) and The West Wings (soooo goood that some girls ordered it again as their meal). Some of the main dishes we ordered were the The Soutnern Hospitality aka the Itis and The Jerk Chicken, again everything was good. Since we were celebrating my Bday of course the drinks were flowing... I enjoyed the Henny Punch and the others had other drinks that they enjoyed as well. We topped the meal off with the Fried Oreo dessert which they brought out with Sparklers just for me. :-) OK.... so although the food was great and enjoyed by all the service... Ehhh. To start out the waitress was cool but I'm not sure if it was her or other restaurant staff but it took awhile for us to get our drink orders and drink order refills and the restaurant wasn't super busy and no one was at the bar. She also often needed to be reminded of items we asked for... almost like she forgot. Also when asked for drink suggestion she couldn't offer anything but instead told one of friends to get the Henny Punch because "Every Girl Loves a Henny Punch" basically said that cause I was drinking that... not huge deal but I personally like when a waitress/waiter can give you a personalized suggestion based on your personal taste buds. 9A NYC  also turns into a lounge after 10pm....Well they did not make this transition smoothly. My party was finished eating and received the bill around 9:45pm and after paying the bill some of the girls went to the bathroom but the Hostess came over and wanted to start to move some the chairs in preparation for the lounge but we were still sitting there and we felt rushed. After all we literally just paid the bill and spent some $$$$, can we breathe a little? Not to mention there were other areas that they could of been breaking down first that customers were not sitting. HUGE turn-off to say the least... we were going to stay to have more drinks and listen to music but decided we didn't appreciate the customer service.
First impression: nice decor. Poor seating arrangement. For the space they have someone has to teach the hostesses how to seat properly. Also, is it standard to have the automatic 16x(%) tip included on a bill for two people? I mean, i dunno. Sushi bar is good though on a better note.
I'm giving this place 3 stars.  The place is nice. The music is good. Specialty drinks are good and strong.  Food is why I gave this place 3 stars. We ordered a number of different small plates and apps and I really only liked 4. The sweet potato fries, garlic spinach, reg fresh fries and the sushi, all really good. The chicken sliders, hot wings (not spicy enough).  Management was very accommodating with replacing the wings.  I can't name the rest but this is just the beginning for them and I like the staff so I will be back. I'm sure things will be better when I return.
I love this place!  I recently  had my birthday brunch here.  What a great decision!  I worked closely with management to set up the menu I wanted and Corey worked with me to make sure it was within the budget I wanted without sacrificing anything.  I also wanted to have it as a private event so we could have our own music and bar area.  I must say everything turned out perfectly.  The food was phenomenal, which I already knew, but it was just as good even in a buffet.  The shrimp and grits are to DIE for.  I mean, soooo good.  That doesn't mean the other food wasn't good, it was delicious too.  I'm just partial to grits.  lol.  The service of the staff and Corey was great!  I had over 50 people there and not once did we have to go searching for someone to serve us or answer a question.  There were plenty of drinks flowing and when we wanted the set up changed so we could get to dancing, they did it super fast.  If you are looking for a place with great food AND service, I highly recommend 9A.
I only gave this one star because there was nothing lower. The food is excellent however the service was HORRIBLE. The staff couldn't be bothered with helping patrons. There was a very friendly food runner however everyone else in there seemed to have a case of "its not my job." The hostess had a horrible attitude and seemed to know nothing about the availability of tables or potential wait time. So you dont think I'm being unfair, when my family walked in for brunch there were four open tables yet we weren't seated for fifteen minutes.  Once seated I had to walk to the bar to ask for water. In all seriousness my wife could have given birth in the time it took for our server to come to our table. They had a shortage of utensils and napkins and my father never received the drink he ordered. Again, the food was impeccable but the service was so bad I would never go back and caution others to avoid it. PS. The bathrooms were so filthy that I still feel like I need an std exam.
It was my first time there yesterday (8/24) and I had more than a pleasant experience! I went around 7.. They had happy hour from 4-7. The venue is creative and modern.. Loved the musical tunes (layer back RnB) some of my favorites played like Brandy's "Full Moon" and Alicia Keys' "Mr. Man"! The food was pretty good.. I didn't really like the relished onions that topped my sliders but I made due.  It wasnt overly crowded (at least at this hour) I left around 10... The staff was incredibly attentive and friendly.. Just a pleasant experience over all.. I would def go back again!
Very dark. Drinks were excellent, and the bartenders were friendly. Lots of video screens for sports watching. However, the main bar area was way too dark. The bathrooms were poorly designed. Will return to check out the food!
Good for happy hour! This is a nice addition to the neighborhood. I've gone twice and had a great time. The bartender was super friendly and attentive the whole time we were there. I tried the shrimp ceviche and it wasn't very good, the shrimp was very rubbery. We also had some rolls, my favorite one was the Riverside. I tried about 3 different drinks and the only one I liked was one that's the address of the place. They give you bacon if you sit at the bar. I'm not a huge bacon fan but I still ate it anyway. If you work in the neighborhood this is a good choice for happy hour.
Good location (right by the water), nice vibe, and great drinks. It's got that trendy uptown Dominican/Black mix I love; Hip-Hop, Salsa, Bachata, and Reggaeton are all on the playlist. Wait staff is very attentive (and cute, I might add).  Basically, it's a great starter spot to hit before moving on to bigger and better things for the evening. Would definitely go back.
Julia thank you for trying to clear things up as to why the service was so bad however it seems you're mistaken. I'd like to clear somethings up for you.  My party was not 45 minutes late! In fact, everyone was on time if not early except one person whom showed up 20 min late which I did mention previously. Any establishment I've visited makes sure to inform the party of any penalties due to tardiness however we did not have that courtesy at ALL. No one notified us about this issue or any issues. I'd also like to address the FACT that our glasses were removed from our table when we were not finished. Our plates weren't empty, yet we were asked multiple times if we were finished. 2 friends actually chose to just take the rest of their food to go! I don't feel like the staff did anything to accommodate us and I feel like all I'm getting now is excuses. Like I mentioned and I see many others mention,  the service needs BIG improvements!
The food is amazing my fave is the viva tostones and lobster Mac and cheese. Our service was great. Jason always makes sure that everything is perfect. Love this place, music is great and the drinks are always perfection. Love this place!!!!
From the second I walked into 9A I was blown away. Right away the atmosphere is fun and energetic with plenty of TVs to watch whatever sporting event may be on that night. In addition there is great music playing keeping the mood rolling. Onto the food: it's f***ing awesome. Whether you decide to order from the sushi bar, or indulge in some comfort food, (we did both) you are sure to be impressed. Personally, the lobster mac and cheese was crazy-awesome. Don't forget about dessert: get the fried Oreos. The service and staff was great and made us feel right at home. After dinner stick around, watch the game, and grab a beer from the self-service draft-tap (something I didn't know how much I wanted to do until I saw it). I am not going to stop going here until I've had everything on the menu twice, and probably will go a few more times after that. Make the trek to Harlem, this place is the s**t.
Very friendly staff learning to be excellent staff. Food was a plus for this place. Price isn't too bad for the quality here. And bathrooms were inviting and clean to round out this new hip above average rating lounge.
So let me start by saying food was good, but there were a few misses. I recommend the lightning/ambience man be fired; the lights kept being adjusted which was a major distraction. My friend asked for wheat toast to receive white bread pressed, we are still confused. Also the lightning situation is a bit odd.  I recommend the Shrimp and grits, but lighter on the sauce. It is a good neighborhood joint but need to iron out the kinks.  I would like to add that screaming dance/ house music was unnecessary and distracted me from talking to my friend. The bottomless drinks was juice. We dranked for hours and never got a buzz just terrible. I would have driven them a two star if the shrimp and grits didn't taste so good.
Just had a wonderful pre-birthday brunch with my boyfriend at 9A. Tasty potatoes, amazing frangelico whipped butter, and both mango AND peach bellinis. Plus the new chef was personable, gracious, and tracked us down in fairway to give us a bag we left behind.
I really enjoyed the food at 9A, I was with a party of 5 women and we ordered almost everything on the dinner menu. Everything was delicious. The only bad thing was the service. They would not allow us to eat in peace with out coming to our table removing things that they believed we were done with without asking. I had a beverage that I was drinking and I looked down to check my phone and when I looked up it was gone. We felt very rushed due to the restaurant turning into a night club. The waiter told us to close out our check. while their were other tables being served and waited on. The wait staff was unapologetic and the manager who seemed to be an African American man with glasses would not come and speak to us. He stood at the podium and watched. It's not as if we were loud and obnoxious we were all professional women. It was a disaster. I would NEVER return due to the service. If your in the mood for their food I suggest ordering take-out.
I went in October for my niece's birthday. It's been a while but I can finally write a review. When I called to make a reservation I was told that I needed to give my cc information for cancelations and whatnot. Since I did not feel conformable putting it on hold so strictly (I have loofy friends) I decided to wing it and just show up. Big mistake. This place was new and all of the tables were booked. That didn't stop the staff from being super helpful and making it work. They crammed us into a table and we had the most amazing time! The food is scrumptious, the drinks are slamming and the vibe is awesome. I'm a sucker for customer service so the fact that the staff went out of their way to help me out was an extra.
This dining establishment is a diamond in the ruff... The decor, ambiance, service, and food makes for an exceptional dining experience. Who would have guessed, 5 star food on 133rd and 12th ave in Harlem.   I was pleasantly surprised. The food was absolutely wonderful. I had a sea urchin and quail egg sake shooter... Oh so fabulous. The staff was very attentive and warm. The manager introduced himself and I also had the pleasure of meeting the chef Jamal, who took time out to come to my table.  I will be back soon.
Well I went here for my best friends birthday and must say it wasn't the best experience but we made it the best for her,  she had a dinner party so I called on my own to see if I was allowed to bring a cake, they charged a cutting fee of 35$, just to borrow a knife and plates .. The dinner menu was all over the place from carribean to Asian to soul food, no one enjoyed their dinner was told to the so called manager and he wasn't even accommodating saying when the kitchen close it closes.. Ok I understand it's a head chef back there running things but you are the manager of this whole place, if a customer is unsatisfied it your duty.... however played it safe by getting ( forgot the exact name) but basically a crispy chicken sandwich with avocado, lettuce, tomatoes and "homemade" French fries... Can't go wrong with that right ? Well wrong the chicken was smaller than the bun which usually with chicken sandwiches it's the opposite and the French fries tasted nothing even close to homemade, more like the frozen ore Ida brand, so we stayed for the lounge part,ñ they ordered a table... No chairs and right in the middle of traffic so I felt so out of place and uncomfortable, overall maybe this a nice place as a happy hour brunch daytime event but as a night time event... No !!! and i will not be retuning
Great place for a ladies night out!  First time at 9A this past weekend and i will surely be back soon! My waitress Alextiana was amazing! She was attentive, personable, and proffesional! Food was delicious! i was told the sushi bar was also good, but i'll have to give that a try on my next visti! ...Almost forgot, bigger cups please!
This is everyone's new spot. The service is great. The food is superb. Try a different drink you go there!! I went there when a jazz band was playing. First time I had bacon, while waiting for my food. A little of everything. Enjoy the atmosphere.. Great location for it.
Have been here 3 times. Once for dinner. Had the "southern Hospitality" entree and shrimp app. Both delicious. Night scene is still growing, but good drinks. Drinks are typically priced for a night club (you'd pay the same thing across the street) $20 valet though :(- parking lot next door is cheaper, but closes at 3 am
Food a lil pricy, but good. Wait staff was not well informed, had brunch and had to ask waitress about the mimosas that came with brunch, she didn't offer/
My experience here was horrible. My family went there to have a good time but we experience racism because we weren't Spanish. I thought we was past era.
Met up with friends but missed the brunch menu because it ends at 3pm and dinner starts at 5:30pm. Had a couple of drinks as we waited for dinner menu; the promenade ok if you want watermelon juice & the tryst a grown-up Hawaiian punch! for $14 each I expect a little more respect than that! Since the kitchen closes in between lunch & dinner you can only get wings which we ordered spicy but got something sweet & sticky and they weren't hot!!! The music got better as the night progressed. The game was playing on there 50 10inc screens (really could've gotten bigger TV's) the best thing we had was the lobster mac/cheese (but for $18 that wasn't an option!) don't bother ordering the quesadillas! everyone complained they were bad. so why go? ambiance, casual spot to catch up with friends, valet parking only $5, open airy space and servers were pleasant because they don't mind splitting the check 10 ways since they can charge each person 20% gratuity! Very clever!
Don't believe the hype, this place has not put Harlem night life back on the map. It's full of many ppl play'n outdated roles and not knowing their place. The service and waiters are not understanding of simple request such as egg whites. They don't use common sense when considering substitutions...never heard of not being able to substitute mash potatoes for mac n cheese...after much going back and forthe the partial owner, in his powerless role  ran back to ask the kitchen to make an exception. The main chef, who's never in the kitchen where he needs to be is always roaming around try'n to be seen. The food is good but the service is horrible. Oan this place doesn't believe in happy hour. Any events are overrated and the police prescence at the door for washed up reality stars is uncalled for.
Went for my sisters birthday on sat nov 9. Horrible don't ever go.  Food horrible staff horrible. Drinks watered down & music was horrible.  They break out hookah smoke all over the place.    The female fat bouncer & a male bouncer putt their hands on patrons for no reason.   They were recently closed down by the health department and they should  shut them down again.  It's a place for young people & people  looking for one night stands.  Nothing classy about the place.  Save  your money & find another location if you are trying to patronize Harlem
What a wonderful restaurant 9A lounge is. This fusion of American food and wonderful fresh sushi is to die for. I went there with my friends last night and had a great time the bartender is very nice and makes killer drinks. Since it was a slow night we didn't have to wait for our table ( I heard it gets crazy on week ends and you can't get a table without reservations). we tried a few different dishes like the chicken and waffles, spicy tuna and a great roll called the "Broadway" that's a roll with marinated mushroom, avocado, cucumber, japanese mint and deliciously seared spicy snow carb meat. I will come back on a week end bc I heard they move the table and turn the space into a lounge with dancing and great music.
Ok Ok...I haven't eaten here. But I went with a friend and she did. This place is awesome. The music is always on point and the bartenders KG and Jared are the BOMB.COM. Great hospitality and very friendly people. I'll be back for the great looking sushi.
We didn't even make it to the dining room. The loud, thumping club music was not conducive to a fun date night...turned on our heels and walked out. What a shame, because the menu was intriguing!
9A, 12th Ave in Harlem's newest resto next to the West Side Highway, was just ok. Trying very hard to be "sceny." It probably will be because it has a big lounge that I can see will be good for events and parties. This Harlem scene is so old and over. Went on a Sunday at 5:15, at least 4 people yelled at us that they were not serving until 5:30. Ok, we get it. Very warm inside, yet they acted like it was a crime to ask to turn on the A/C. Sushi Roll, D. The worst, bland sushi ever. Lobster Mac, B. Crispy Chicken Sandwich and Burger, B-. They use Pat LaFrieda. "Thanksgiving Plate": fried chicken, mac cheese, sweet potato mash with marshmallow and greens...B+. My drink was watery. Service was a D. Server named Kristen or similar: bad bad tude. Whenever we asked her a question about the menu, she responded in a way that not only showed her lack of knowledge about the items, but with a very nasty tone and demeanor. The straw: Waiting 30 minutes for a very hard dry bread pudding dessert to go. The only reason we waited is because she claimed it was coming any time now. When I asked her if it came with a sauce because it looked very dry, she replied, "it's not!" Of course, it was. Save the tude and bad service for downtown.
