I love this place....
Bad service , bad service , bad service , bad service .  UPDATE: Automatic gratuity added to bills are illegal for any group size A new law passed January 1st 2014 has mandated restaurants who want to automatically add tips to bills to call it 'service fees' in which they have to report the income as taxable income. Otherwise, if the restaurant wants to avoid reporting the income and calling it gratuity, the restaurant has to allow the customer to determine the tip amount (yes that includes large parties) Call it semantics, but it's fair. According to NY law restaurants who engage in this illegal practice can be fined $250 for it as this practice has tricked many patrons into leaving double tips.
I've been eating dominican food all my life and born from dominican parents I should know a thing or two about dominican flavor,I came to eat lunch (from 11-3pm) with some business colleagues and brought them here due to their beautiful decor but when the food came out and I started eating my jaw dropped, the "Pollo al horno" (Rotisserie Chicken) was to die for, the rice and beans also, everything tasted fresh and smelled delicious. I'm very proud to be dominican and wish their were more places like this, pushing the bar higher, I will continue to look for better food in dominican cuisine followed by great service, great prices, environment and decor, stay tuned ....
It was a Late night dinner run and we took a cab to 809. The other half of this establishment is usually a night club, but we have never been there. My wife and I thought that the food was pretty good. The dining room is beautiful and the ambience was relaxing, probably because it was so late at night. We ordered a shrimp ceviche to start, and it was okay, but not bad at all. I like my ceviche spicy and this was sweet?! Then we did something we rarely do, and that is order the same entree. The dish is called shrimp cocolo. The way it was described on the menu was on point and we went for it with no hesitation. The dish had a lot going on, but it was all harmonious. It was a bed of spinach and it was topped with some type of baked cornmeal full of fresh crab meat and it was truffle oil scented. Then it was surrounded by nice sized shrimp. The sauce was a saffron sauce that worked very well with the dish. Only flaw with the dish was that there was wayyyyy to much spinach, and there was a very uninspired piece of arepa hidden under everything. It was bland and pointless. Awesome dish though. Dessert was beautiful... Hot bread putting with ice cream... Nobody can go wrong with this on the menu. Very good dinner.
Wish I could give this place 0 stars, unfortunately I can't ! Not many words to describe the terrible experience from this past Saturday. Got bottle service with friends and was promised a certain price , once we got there " the bottle girls " gave us a different price . The entire experience was like pulling teeth, simply terrible. Stay away from 809 and take your business to a place that will appreciate you. At the end of the day you're the customer, therefore the business should treat you with respect. Please take your money  elsewhere, don't waste your  time in this poor managed establishment.
Overall had a great time, good music & cocktail but the food not so much I order the Fried Fish stuffed with seafood and I was a little disappointed when I got it & notice that is was a frozen mix of Shrimps & Calamari the fish part was good but needed a little more salt we share desserts the piña colada flan was my favorite but would I come back? Heck No.
Went for brunch. They only had a prefix menu so if you are with a minor who wants eggs and bacon you cant get that because they don't have bacon and you still have to pay $35 for the minor who is not drinking. The sangria was good but the mimosas where like all orange juice. Otherwise the food was good and service was good.
I went last evening based on the reviews and everything was great. Nice decor, amazing sangria and ambiance.  It's was girls night, but cute date place. My meal was spot on, I enjoyed the arugula salad, charrasco with yucca fries; everything was great.  The only thing I would say is the arugula salad had a mildew taste to it, possibly not washed well. There is a lounge upstairs, but my sleepy old friends didn't want to go. Overall great place for fun.
Great food, very good price, service is excellent. I had a friends birthday here and we didn't really plan on doing much. The place gave us a pitcher of sangria and a birthday cake for free. Staff was very friendly. When a place gives you free alcohol,  you go back to it!
You can tell from the name that this place specializes in sangria.  I counted something like 6 different kinds on the menu.  Sadly, I was alone and did not feel like getting drunk without help home, so I did not try any.  Next time, though! I did have some food and it was really, really great.  I saw lots of people from the neighborhood in there clearly enjoying the fabulous food, so I feel safe recommending it to everyone.  Definitely try the steak with yuca fries... I never knew fries could be so good! It's lovely to have a nice, upscale restaurant in the neighborhood that is FOR the people in the neighborhood, you know?  I just hope they get enough business to stay in business. Five stars for my first trip.  Come on up and join me for the second, third, fourth...
The worst service in the Heights. With Vacca And MAMAJUANA Around the corner, they should really improve how customers are treated.
More "hotspot" then "health-spot", however if you go (for reasons only you know) while you're on a health kick, you can eat these items without having to cheat. Here are the *Detox-Approved menu items that you won't have to think twice about ordering. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - SALADS Aguacate & Berro 809 - avocado & watercress in tomato, white cheese, green leaf & lemon garlic vinaigrette $7 (omit white cheese) CEVICHES Bahia de Ocoa - shrimp, calamari, scallops, octopus, mussels, clams in a green mojo sauce $14 Sosua - lobster, shrimp, calamari, scallops, octopus, mussels, clams in a green mojo sauce $15 APPETIZERS Camarones en Mojo Verde - pan seared shrimp in extra virgin olive oil w/ garlic, parsley, cilantro & red pepper flakes mojo sauce $10 Guacamole - traditional guacamole w/ home-made caribbean totopos $9 Pulpo a la Parrilla - grilled octopus w/ potatoes, peppers, spanish spicy paprika & extra virgin olive oil 10 ENTREES Filete de Pescado - herbs crusted fish filet w/ coconut enchilado sauce over green lentil & sweet plantains rice $19 Paella Valencia- spanish saffron rice w/ clams, mussels, calamari, chicken, chorizo, shrimp & lobster $24 Pollito Cubano - chicken breast stuffed w/spanish chorizo & sweet plantains sofrito, served w/ black bean rice & avocado salsa $16 Salmon Nueva Samana - pan roasted passion glazed salmon, served w/ a crab meat coconut rice $22 BEVERAGES Water!! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - *DETOX APPROVED = NO sugar, dairy, wheat, wheat-gluten, non-organic tofu, deep fried foods, red meat, coffee or alcohol. As always, give me shout if this worked out for you...or if for some reason it didn't.
We were looking for a place to dance the night away and enjoy some drinks. However, the club seems empty and they still made us wait in line for a while and then the charge was $20 to enter when no one was there!! Security was rude and over all the service was not great. We left. There are better places out there.
I really like this place. The restaurant downstairs is simply gorgeous! This is a perfect date place with a great menu ranging from seafood to skirt steak. Speaking of which, my favorite menu items are the lobster soup (to die for!) and the skirt steak. Their sangrias are delicious too! Another reason this place is great for dates is that they have large screen TVs in the restaurant with perfect volume control but they also play great background music that still allows you to have a comfortable conversation. Upstairs there is a bar lounge type club thing going on where Latin music dominates. I have no complaints but I feel that restaurant patrons should be exempt from the $20 cover charge! Service is with a smile and is speedy and efficient. I love this place and so will you!
Delicious food! Although I don't eat meat, I found each of their non-meat options tasty. Nice spot to hang out at and the head upstairs to go dancing. Confidently located near a subway stop. The desserts were delicious!
I went last night Feb 2013 to dance, the restaurant idk how t is really. We arrived at midnight  coatcheck is just $3 door is $15. drinks are served in plastic cups, and not expensive at all a beer is like $5 when in other places in NYC a beer is like $8.   they are alot of waitress around taking care and all are smoking hot and friendly. the floor is stainless steel with little bumps to avoid slippery. this might not mean much but for dancers it is lol it gets really crowded, u wont be able to dance freely. the music is ok, i dont say great because they repeated 2 songs during the whole night and I think thats a fail. the place was full of very sexy women. we left at 4 Am when they closed :)
I wasn't impressed by this place an even worse was that it had a B rating. I had the fried calamari as an appetizer and the 809 churrasco w tostones. It was a healthy portion that I took the rest of it home.  Nothing to say OMG! My counterpart had the crab cake but it seemed like it was mixed with cod fish or tuna-what a disappointment. The live music was good & so was the company.  Sangria was alright. Not wild about it.
We really liked this place too. Ditto on everything Jessica C. said. My wife and my friend's wife had the salmon I had the oxtail and my friend had one of the chicken dishes. Everything came out perfect, followed by great coffee and a delicious Tres Latte cake. Server was lovely and very helpful since the entire menu is in spanish and we weren't familiar with Dominican food. Also the owner was helpful in getting us to the Cloisters with the least hastle. This place is a keeper in my book. Very easy to get to from the GW bridge, and neighborhood was very convenient to shop in and get a couple things done while waiting for our guests.
Umm where do I start?? Well, I like the fact that its minorrity/Latino owned. Im glad that Washington Heights in on the map in terms of nightlife and gives people an option as oppose to always having to go downtown however, the prices are way toooo hight. Considering the location I would think they would be more understanding. I went here a couple weeks ago Saturday night, ended up paying $20 at the door. Once upstairs it was packed to capacity, couldnt even see the bar much less get to it. Although the music was pretty good, the crowd was a little prentencious for my taste. I'll visit again but I wont be rushing to go back anytime soon.
The service was good, but the fact that there was a heavily scented cleaning fluid smell wafting up form the basement really spoiled a lot of the experience.  I might have just ht it on a bad day, but the steak was tough, and the yucca fries were a bit gluey.  I've had better yucca fries at Mamajuanna.  Also, the bread roll was stale.  The mango flavored butter was a nice tough though, an the appetizer of 3 different types of meat on corn cakes was superb. I'll try it again some time and see if I change my review.
Not a fan of the cover charge and the long lines when the lounge is open regular restaurant hours is great, food is great, decor is modern looking. Second floor lounge is spacious and bar people are really fast. Hookah are served and music is loud and reminds me of the 90th when i used to go home with a ringgggg on my ear from the music.
I came to the 809 lounge for a fund raiser by Dominican Republic Sports & Education Academy. At the fundraiser I got to try their sangria and fish empanadas.  The drink and appetizers were delicious.
So, it seems that my tour of the Heights culinary offerings has not ended.  Saturday night, we went to 809 and was in for a pleasant surprise! Saturday night was an extremely blustery evening, with hurricane-like gales.  But as my birthday usually runs the course of a month (lol) the good old hubby decided to surprise me. For a Washington Heights spot on a Saturday, 809 was pretty empty as it was only 8:30pm.  Small and rather intimate, you could tell that the place still hadn't transformed to its night persona.  (The TV's were still on, waiters were milling about).  But that didn't stop us! There was a nice wine list, and we ordered a lovely Chilean carmenere.  Alas, I did not know it was a Sangria bar, so did not drink to the spot's namesake. APPETIZERS: - Tostones Rellenos: Very tasty trio of octopus, cod fish and shrimp.  It seemed more like mini-mofongos, but they were presented prettily.  They could have used a tad more salsa criolla, as when we dug in, the bottom was a little dry.  But very nicely seasoned. - Shrimp in Salsa Verde Stay away.  The Salsa Verde was...strange.  The shrimp were nicely done, but that sauce looked like pureed peas and it didn't taste like much.  They have a very nice menu, so choose some of the other stuff. What it DID have though that was to note, was a little arepa in at the bottom.  Sweet lord, if you eat anything there, have a whole lot of those. ENTREES: - I had the Stuffed Shrimp.  It was... AIGHT. The shrimp was good and the sauce was nice.  And the appearance of another arepa made me happy, but the stuffing was too... Stuffing-like.  It was verrrry bread-y, but all in all a solid plate. HUBBY: Had the churrasco with seasoned fries.  The look and smell of that meat made me want to abandon my vegetarian ways.  The fries were absolutely delish, and may be a reason to just go for that.  Much like you'd go to Coffee Shop just for those fries. MY DAD: Ordered fish.  Very nicely cooked.  The only minus was that he and i had the same sauce!  They could at least have come up with something different. DESSERT: I'm a sucker for molten cake, and 809's is nicely served in a coffee mug.  On POINT! and super tasty. AMBIANCE: Hooray!  Nice music kept to an audible, but not overpowering level.  The wait-staff was forever attentive.  The head chef came to our table a few times and offered us grappa, or whichever after-dinner drink we chose.  A nice touch! I will say though, that the space is small.  They have the upstairs with the club, and I can imagine it must get VERY crowded on a good night. All in all 809, you provide a good alternative to the same ol' same ol'.
I was looking with my best friend for a decent restaurant to have dinner in the area and came across this one. It certainly is a nice looking restaurant. The waitress was very friendly and down to earth, we had margaritas and I had a Guava margarita for the first time and I must say IT WAS AMAZING! Wow, I was not expecting a Guava margarita to be that good. The meal we ordered was also very tasty. Uhmm... It was a slow night when I went, it was raining a lot out side, so I'm guessing that's a reason why it wasn't very crowded. Although I went with a friend, this place seems to be more like to go on a romantic dinner or something of sorts.
While my BF might disagree, I actually liked this place.  It's very convenient for us being right off the train and down the street from home. The night we stopped in, it was pretty empty. Literally at the time, we were the only ones in the place and it was a Monday night around 8pm. Either way, we ordered the garlic shrimp app and MAN that was a great dish. Get it. It's really good. While you're at it, pick up some sangria. It's truly something special. Its nice that they have a few different types (I think about 5). The food was just okay, nothing really major to write home about, but it was.. okay. Its the appetizers that really make it. Besides, the entrees are rather pricey for the area. And dessert... just skip that too. Their tres leches is not leche rica enough. Service was nice and attentive. I can't complain on that at all. The wait staff was really cool. The design of the place is very nice and comfortable, approachable. They have a SUPER cute round booth in the back with a lovely fixture right above. SO CUTE. There's an upstairs and downstairs, and they do karaoke (spanish, mind you) on the weekends. My advise? Stick to the appetizers, grab the sangria and enjoy the music.
Good food and drinks
Went when they first opened... Wait service is excellent. Pricey. Good Music.
Small portion and a bit pricey but Great food! Especially the churrasco and yuca fries..
There brunch on Sundays are awesome.  I usually get the guacamole and steak and eggs.  Unlimited Sangria and mimosa for 2 hours and a dj. All for 25 bucks.  Can't beat that and the steak and eggs are amazing!
I love the food in here and I am totally in love with the Caribbean Breeze cocktail... BUT!!! The service is horrible o.m.g! I've been there twice and the waiters ignore you the whole time. I celebrated my 24th birthday at the club and after I paid they gave me hard time to get in because " I did not look my age" ... The Pollito Cubano is the best dish on my opinion. The seafood taste frozen but the meat is delicious .. If it was not for the service I would of rate 5 stars
The food was AMAZING to my surprise!! I went with a party of 9 on a Wednesday night. and we all left satisfied and we all can't wait to go pack, Hats off to thechef
Went on a Saturday music variety not so great . Extremely packed no room to even  move to go to the restrooms yet alone dance.  Definitely A fire Hazard !
Had my birthday dinner last night with a group of six & was warmly greeted by the owner Cirilo. He was very nice & took care of us. Loved the food especially the churrasco with mashed patatoes. The pina colada I had was delish. After we we were done Cirilo took care of the bill. Will be back again. ;-)
The space is nice and there's a comfy waiting area, unlike a lot of places in the heights. Either way, the food was disappointing. The churrassco tasted like nothing. The potato puree tasted like nothing. Awful. This is probably the worst churrascco I've ever had. I know that spanish people usually like their food heavily seasoned :/ but even the person I was with agreed with me. The only worthy thing I had here was the sangria. I could have had endless pitchers of that. I ended up stealing some of my friends chicken (which was good) and told him that was the last time he chooses where we go...
Place deserves a 3 1/2. I love the fact that a local business with a minority business owner has achieved enough success to merit expansion, but I believe this restaurant has much to improve on. They need to ensure the safety of the individuals in the establishment on weekends. They also need to discourage individuals from coming down in vehicles because the traffic problems they cause are ridiculous! Valet parking? Where?! That's a joke. Inside, the place is rather small and the prices are rather high, too high considering you are still on Dyckman Ave. I think they found a way to make money and are sticking to it, but I have to say, this place really leaves much to be desired.
Really enjoyed the sangria and yucca fries! The setting is nice the service was sweet also had some shrimp dish that was lovely... Kitchen is open till late so thts a major plus for me! Will be back soon
Really love this place because the food is awesome,  My third time there and had to write a review because haven't been disappointed.  I brought friends twice and they were also please and will be back. Didn't go to the club part yet... not sure if interested in that maybe one day.  But the restaurant is definite find.
My friends and I stumbled onto this place after a trip to The Cloisters. We were looking for a place to grab some relatively cheap food and some drinks. What I really liked about 809 was the fact that, yes, it is located in Washington Heights, but the decor inside was pretty nice! It was my first time in Washington Heights, so the bar left a good impression on me. The staff was really friendly, but the moments my friends and I walked in, they started speaking to us in Spanish. I was amused considering there were three of us: one white guy and two Filipino girls. Luckily, I speak decent Spanish, so I was easily able to order drinks and food. All in all, if you're in the neighborhood, check it out! :)
I went here one weekend this summer and had a great time. Although I did not try the restaurant's namesake, I did have the paella (very tasty).  We ate upstairs, which we found cozy and romantic (oh what a good mosquito net does to a girl)!  The bar upstairs also serves strong drinks.  A great time - would definitely go again!
I have to say that Washington Heights Sangria is a sneaky drink.  It taste great but it will get you twisted!!!!  Start off with the 809 Picadera all of the food in that platter is good.  I also always enjoy the 809 churassco!!
Met with my cousin and sister last Saturday night to have a couple of drinks and eat dinner. I have gone to the Club upstairs late at night before and I always have a good time between dancing and the space from one another. But it was the very first time that I experienced the actual restaurant and I was very impressed, loved everything about it. I didn't imagen that they cooked so good and had such amazing cocktails, and decors. Their service was very well structured and nice people who knew how to do their job professionally. I have gone to almost every other place around Dyckman street but had skipped that one restaurant thinking that they were all the same, meaning that i'm not a fan of having food around that area. But now I take that back and would go again any other time for dinner, drinks, and hey even the club all together in one night...Love 809! :)
Something is definitely going on at this place. The food wasn't bad, not great, but ok. Service was good and the live music was great. However, seemed to catch onto a scheme these guys or the manager is running. Ordered a Blue Moon draft beer, and the waiter brought me a beer with a completely different color and taste than Blue Moon. Well figured it was a mistake and had them change it, where they brought the right beer. 2nd Blue moon was the same other beer, brought by the same waiter, so he knew it was wrong. But, he was told the keg was just changed and it was flushing out. I never heard of a keg change that produced a totally different beer, alot of foam maybe, but not a totally different beer. 3rd Blue Moon, again the same brown beer, at this point asked for the manager. He explained that he changed the keg himself and that the keg said Blue Moon, this is obviously BS. He said he would pour out 2 pitchers to "flush the line". They ended up bringing me a Blue Moon bottle in a Blue Moon Glass no less to assure me it was right this time; that was laughable. Could it have been a misunderstanding, perhaps. But, I believe they take advantage of people not being able to recognize a product and probably swap a cheaper product in to save or pocket money. Was very put off by this, and I don't doubt this starts with the manager telling his staff to do this. Because any bartender nevermind manager or waiter can obviously tell when a beer is a Blue Moon or not especially when they carry the bottle and draft. The food is not that good to deal with this sort of game they're playing. There are plenty of great dominican restaurants in Washington Heights that don't pull this kind of stuff. Stay away!.
I celebrated my birthday party here, in the lounge area upstairs, the service was pretty good. The promoter of the party was very attentive and friendly. The waitress are attentive as well and the work very fast. My favorite part was the music, the dj played different kind of music the whole night, it was a good mixture of Spanish and hip hop, techno and dance music. In simple terms I was shaking my butt off all night long.
Best kinda-fancy Latin lunch Uptown!  I say "kinda fancy" because the prices are very fair but the decor and ambiance make you feel as though you're somewhere else!  The portions are perfect and the service is impeccable.  The "rabo encendido" is my personal favorite.  Great house cocktails, nice decor and a great place for an inexpensive business meeting during the day.
Just came from eating dinner here with my husband (literally I just walked through the door), and could not wait to get to my computer to write this review. Appearance/Ambiance: I was a bit weary to go here at first given the location (didn't expect much), and I really did not know if I'd enjoy the food. The inside of the restaurant is wonderful. Classy, beautiful chandeliers in the sitting lounge area, perfect lighting, and a small, intimate dining area with live music. Food: AMAZING!!! I got the skirt steak with fried sweet plantains, and my husband got the linguine punta cana. The food was cooked perfectly as requested, and the presentation was unique. The steak came rolled up, with some greens in the middle, with a thin layer of sauce covering the bottom of the plate, and plantains on the side. My husband's linguine came in a heaping portion, filled with seafood, and he finished his meal stuffed. Waiter/Staff: I am usually very annoyed when interacting with most people in the area because I do not speak Spanish (they don't speak English), and am often disappointed when I need any sort of service in the area due to the lack of communication. However, at 809, I could interact with the waiter, who was an absolute GEM. He was extremely nice, attentive, our water glasses never got empty, he did not rush us out of the restaurant... One of the best waiters I have ever had at a restaurant. The other staff members were very friendly as well. Price: the price is a bit high considering the neighborhood. BUT, it was worth every penny. You are not paying for the area, you are paying for the food, food quality, ambiance, and excellent service. If you want something cheap with sub-par service and people who can't understand you, there's a ton of fast food crap down the block. Overall, I recommend the restaurant to EVERYONE!
I had been wanting to try this place for quite a while.  I still haven't eaten a meal in the real "restaurant" part, but I had a great time at the downstairs bar last week.  Drinks were potent, and the sampler tapas platter was very, very tasty.  The bartender was friendly without hovering.  Music was good.  I'll be back to eat more next time.
Came here for a private event held by Dewars alcohol and ESPN Deportes, and had a blast. The drinks were great, food was great, staff was extremely friendly and the restrooms were superb. The only complaint is that it's so far from where I live or I'd be there on a regular. Definitely good for a night out with friends. They played all types of music from salsa, Bacharach, dance, reggae, reggaeton, and more. Will be here again , hopefully soon.
came one time to eat, and the food was amazing! ... service was ok . will def go again
So it has taken me a minute to write a review.....and its not because I did not have a great time.....it's because  Im lazy...lol....please please  get the Champagne Sangria!!!!!!......and make sure you ask for  extra fruit....the apps are great and the steak was tender....ummmm...yummy.....but that sangria would make my granma's loafers taste great!....it's close to the #1 and  A train and so good after a long day at work.....and ladies...the bathroom is clean!
Went here for a Dewar's ESPN Event and had a blast with my friends the food was simply delicious and the staff was attentive and nice there were really good vibes and great people
So I came here last night for my 24th birthday and I have mixed feelings about this place. My cousin did her bday dinner here a few weeks ago and she was very disatisfied with the service but I figured it was because it was a friday and restaurants are usually busy. The pre-fixed menu was the ONLY reason I decided to do it there anyway and so reservations were made with a person named Manny. We specifically spoke about the price and was told it included tax and gratuity for a price around $50 which was fine for us. For a tuesday night the service was excellent granted we were the only table there and the food was fine. But when we got the check we realized it was coming out to a little over $60 per person which is not what we discussed when the reservations were made. Not only that, my cousin had a dinner there 2 weeks before with the same menu and we were paying more which angered me the most. When I asked to speak to the manager he told me i was misinformed but that wasn't enough for me because I spoke to Manny and we spoke specifically about pricing. All in all the manager in that day changed the price but because i know how restaurants work and ultimately the waiter was going to get less gratuity with the change in price we still left him a really good tip because he was awesome and wasn't at fault. I am not sure if i would reccomend this place I just know I would't plan another event of mine here. Make sure that if you do, you speak specifics and don't let them fool you when the check comes around!!
I went a few years ago before the makeover, but was VERY impressed with the churrasco - yum, yum, yum!  Keep meaning to go back.
A large group of us gathered for a work event + dinner = happiness! Think Latino food meets steakhouse, sounds awesome right? I was expecting the flare and style with midtown steakhouse quality food... We were seated promptly in the upstairs area, but I did notice that the restaurant downstairs was decently full for a random evening mid-week. I think getting a seat on a weeknight should be pretty easy. The food, drinks and service were pretty good. My meat was cooked well and portions are definitely big enough for leftovers. Everyone was satisfied with their orders, but unfortunately it wasn't anything spectacular. Conclusion: I think this is a good place to go when you want to go to a fancier/romantic place uptown, but remember that their prices are almost midtown prices...
Great sangria and appetizers. The restaurant decor is elegant and very classy. The staff was friendly and very attentive.
This restaurant was indeed charming. Me and the boy are always on a good hunt for eatings in the area. The decor of the restaurant was wonderful, and the food was superb... i had the skirt steak with yuca fries and he had the shrimp linguini (beautiful plating) my only complaint is the service, most of the wait staff only spoke spanish... i hate having to use my spanish skills....
I've been to this restaurant twice and both times I've had a great time. The food is delish! And they have super yum sangria. I've been to the club/lounge once and it was lots of fun too. Definitely recommend it !
Very convenient place to have dinner and go dancing afterwards. The restaurant is downstairs, and the club is directly above. If you enjoy dancing Latin music you will be guaranteed a fun night. My only complaint would have to be that there isn't any place to sit (if that's your cup of tea). Unless you're buying a bottle or know someone, you won't be getting even a table to place your drink down on. Ladies, please note, if you are considering on wearing some kind of cover-up, there's no coat check during the summertime. Nice presence (indoors and out), great food and music. When you go make sure to try one of their Sangria specialties!
I had an event there in 2009 before the expansion was finished, and the food and atmosphere worked out well (despite having been promised repeatedly that the space would be finished in time and available for our event). The quality of the food and general establishment has gone downhill very quickly - I would say that it corresponds with the completion of the expansion. The end result in the new space is seriously tacky, with neon fixtures and awful artwork. It's really too bad - if they had stayed with the look of the first upstairs decor it would have been a hit. I don't know if they changed chefs or if they were trying scrimp to pay back the bills from the renovation, but the quality of the food is not nearly as good as it once was. Was once very impressive, now unimpressed. The sangria is still good, though.
I've been to 809 a few times without disappointment. Most recently I had the Camarones in Mojo Verde and a side of Pure de Papas. The shrimp is ok, not great, though there's an awesome patty at the bottom that I think is made of yuca (who knows). The mashed potatoes have manchego cheese in them, providing an awesome touch to an old favorite. The sangria is pretty good and recommended. The place is a bit pricey, but I can't complain; the food and service are pretty good.
It's overpriced and I was not impressed with the food or service.
love love love this restaurant! best Dominican food I've had in a while, unless its home cooked. The Spanish Sangria is AMAZING!! Only down side is the service is waaayyyy off sometimes. I've been there about 4-5 times, and the service was bad 3 times already! But the food definitely makes up for it. On Friday and Saturday nights the lounge upstairs is a really good time also. Not great for large groups considering the size, but a wonderful, romantic date spot!
Great neighborhood spot! Classy but unpretentious, great food, and WONDERFUL sangria!
Absolutamente decadent! 809 went beyond my expectations. I have visited the other 'new age' locales in and around the Inwood/Washington Heights area and this one surpassed them all. Not only was the food deeeelish (seriously, EVERYTHING was good. i went with a group of 6 and we ordered a good mix of dishes: churrasco, herb crusted fish, ceviche, chicken cooked a la parilla) and it was ALL good. The sangrias were amazing but THE best part: it's affordable! For a group of 6, we ordered a big pitcher of sangria, everyone but one of the ladies ordered a 'plato fuerte' (entree.main dish) and one dessert and each of us paid less than $35 (tax and tip included). speaking of tip: AURA! beautiful Aura, our waitrees, god bless her Aura because she was amazing. I am definetly going back. NO, they may not have a fancy shamshy outdoor seating area and my not be on the new 'strip' on Dyckman, but 809 is THE best deal uptown right now. The food is great and that's what matters to me. Kudos 809
