Shepard's pie needs to be renamed cottage pie (it has ground beef).  Standard food,  standard price.   The draw to this place isn't the food,  it's a good place to drink a beer and watch a game.
This place is fun, big, clean (as far as bars go after people have been drinking for awhile), and friendly. The neighbor hood seems pretty safe and we happen to get lucky and got a parking spot a block away from the bar. There were like 4-5 cabs waiting for fares, so transportation does not seem to be a problem. This bar is huge! There is plenty of seating for groups and plenty of spaces for dancing. We went around 11 and they were still serving food which is always a plus. They had a band that night and there was no cover charge. I don't know if that is typical but it sure was nice!If you go to their website, ramblinghouse.com, you can see what bands are playing and when. The biggest plus for this bar is that they had plenty of bartenders on a Friday night. I didn't have to wait long for my diet coke (I was dd) and my friends did not have to wait long for their drinks either which is always a pet peeve of mind. Oh also, the location was great because there were other bars around so if you wanted to go bar hopping that street is the place to be! Note: This place still allows smoking inside so it's something to think about if you are adverse to smoking.
Surprisingly not bad, the food is okay, the service is nice and at night the party gets started....it gets packed, good music and cool crowd the prices r right by me!...its a cool place for the bx
Nestled in Litte Ireland of The Bronx, The Rambling House is the premiere gathering for good food, live entertainment and cocktails averaging around 4-5 bucks. This is where Irish immigrants drink Coors Light & Amstel Light, and the non-Irish drain Guinness into their bellies. The food is hit-or-miss, the entrees heavily outweigh anything on the appetizer menu as far as quality and taste, but when in doubt, go with "A Stew" or Shepherd's Pie with a side of Guinness. Some of the bands play traditional Irish music (i.e. Sunday nights) while others play cover songs to the packed masses that fill the bar Friday and Saturday. Televisions are placed throughout the bar, but are sometimes found in odd locations and difficult to view when seated at the bar (imagine staring at the ceiling for sporting pleasure). All in all, this is a great part of Woodlawn to check out on Ketonah Ave. and then bar-hop along the way after a nice meal.
What a great find! My friend and I were going to go somewhere else in the area for lunch on a Sunday and we saw they had a Sunday brunch!! Needless to say, we had to go in. In a word... awesome. The wait staff was friendly and quick AND we were able to get the brunch even though there were only 10 minutes left before it ended. The traditional Irish breakfast was very very good... but then something else stole the show. Blue Point Pumpkin. Not only did they have this on draft, but they offered to rim the glass. My initial reaction... "Rim the glass on a beer?! What foolishness... With what?" It was rimmed with honey and pumpkin pie spices and I immediately went to heaven upon taking a sip. Seriously. I'm pretty sure that's the beverage of heaven. Overall, I had a great time here... and will probably go back JUST for pumpkin beer.
Fun hangout spot! Great beer and food selection for bar food. I love their appetizer sampler platter. I find myself here quite often!
If you are looking for a place where you can safely and without judgement get completely blacked out and make a fool of yourself without any prejudice and without waking up the next day bankrupt from your tab--RAMBLING HOUSE IS YOUR CALLING.  I lOVE this bar, it is always a great time... Live music, dancing, and tons of Irish people... This bar is a circus, smoking at all times (even though last I checked its illegal), dancing on stage, dancing on chairs, dancing whereveer there is room to dance--its just very unique and VERY FUN.  Even if you go just to chill, there are booths as mentioned with tables for an intimate setting, the bartenders are all very nice--and once you show up more than once they always remember you!  Great customer service!
A place were my ED family usually comes after work.. Not in scrubs though.. A nice place in the neighborhood!
Let me be up front - I'm giving this place 2 stars for purely spiteful reasons. Rambling House has been a go-to bar for myself and my friends since our post-21 days began (and a few of our pre-21 ones, too). Usually, the drinks are cheap, strong, and I am guaranteed to be intoxicated for under $30. There's live music on the weekends, which isn't always great but is super fun anyway. The place is normally pretty packed, the crowd is interesting to say the least, and I've spent a lot of memorable nights there hanging out until last call...as well as a few I can't remember too well. SOOO when one of my college friends came to visit for the weekend, I figured Rambling would be a great place to take him for a fun evening that didn't involve too much traveling or heavy bar tabs. Unfortunately, that is not what happened. For the first time EVER, Rambling was slow - we figured it might be because we got there kind of early, but by 1:30 the place was still pretty dead. This I can't blame on the bar (it is winter after all, the season for staying in, drinking hot toddies, and avoiding any and all weather conditions). What I can blame, though, is the awful feedback during the band performances. Even that I can excuse. What I certainly CANNOT is the fact that I had NINE drinks in a two hour period and was SOBER. And four of those drinks were shots! Three of the remaining were LITs!! This is unheard of! My vodka-soda tasted more like water than anything else, which leads me to wonder what exactly was getting put into my drinks, because it sure as hell wasn't liquor. In summation, I was slightly mortified to have spoken so well of the place to my friend and then have a sub-par experience. I have a few friends coming to visit soon and was planning on taking them to Rambling, but after this weekend's fiasco I'm starting to wonder if I should explore one of the many other pubs of Woodlawn. Who am I kidding? Of course I'll be back. But my LIT better be heavy on the LI and weak on the T.
Great atmosphere awesome Ireland like feeling ... Foods your typical bar food! But chicken nachos are great
A colleague of mine rants about this place! Had to test it out for myself. It's a large, upscale Irish sports bar that definitely lives up to its hype. On Saturday night, there was a cover band that entertained us and had the crowd up and dancing. Had the burger and it was pretty standard. The fries were crispy like Burger's Kings and the oil wasn't sitting there for days. Only had beers here so can't speak too much about their cocktails. Wish there was a Rambling House in my neighborhood!
We will skip the food in the future. You should too.  At a recent lunch my fiance and I both had steak dishes (steak sandwich, steak and chicken fajitas). The meat was fatty, tough and tasteless, in both entrees. Neither of us finished our meals. We are plate cleaners, so it was that bad. Really disappointed in Rambling.  Will still come here for beers and music, but grab a slice of pizza across the street first.
This is an amazing bar/restaurant. I live in the neighborhood and i try to go as much as i can and its always packed. They`ve got a good menu (if you wanna eat), great atmosphere, always a band playing, great service, and there is plenty of parking around it. On top of that you are out of the city hassle and you can always count on finding a cab if you are too drunk. Excellent place you wont regret it + there is no cover charge usually. Cheers
Love it love it love it!!!  I found this place about 8 years ago with my husband.  It has always been wonderfully friendly and tasty!  The burgers are outrageous, and they treat you as if you were ordering fillet Mignon.  They have a great Irish and American menu, and the drinks will knock you out in more ways than one.  Music during the week and on weekends, traditional Irish and rock.  I go back every chance I can.
One of the best bars in the neighborhood. The place is big, with booths for dining and separators making the seating area privacy-friendly. Guinness and Harp, and other lager can be on tap for a reasonable price. Huge bar, great wings, burger and fries. Bring friends and cash. Live music is provided occasionally by local bands.
Went with my boyfriend on New Years Eve for an early dinner. Service was nice and quick. Food was great and portion to price ratio was good. The appetizer sampler was a great deal. Atmosphere could use some improvement. It was dark and had a lot of empty space.
I had the opportunity to eat here this past Saturday. Not very busy when I arrived, which I'll attribute to a combination of the time, and the fact that many locals were involved with soccer, which I surmised watching a jerseyed crowd  slowly assemble after 4:30. I ordered their "Gaelic Burger" advertised as a 10-oz. burger with Guiness Cheddar. Guiness Cheddar...really??  When it came, it was a sight to behold. The cheese was webbed with dark streak throughout from the famed stout. One bite and I was in heaven. The meat was perfectly cooked, wonderfully textured, moist and very tasty. The cheese only added to the gastronomic experience. It was served with lettuce tomato & onion on the side, and hot, crisp shoestring fries which came unsalted, allowing me to add as much as I like. A perfect late lunch to be sure. As an aside, two people who I assumed were regulars, sitting at different parts of the bar, both ordered soup. They must know something I don't. So if you're ever making your way into Woodlawn, stop at the Rambling House, sate your thirst, and satisfy your hunger!
Oh! I love my Irish's bars! They actually have decent wine. Very pretty bar with all the dark woodwork and glass windows. It will definitely, put you in a good mood.
BEST BRUNCH EVER! Hands down! Order the Irish Breakfast with that free bloody mary that comes with it, it will NOT disappoint!
I live across the street so trust me, this is some of the best food in the Irish Woodlawn neighborhood.  Burgers are fantastically fresh, the buffalo chicken strips are truly my guilty pleasure on earth, but you can also have a lovely dinner of very good quality. I have tried the salmon twice and it wasn't the freshest so stick with pub fare.  Also though the pear salad was overdressed, the crispy goat cheese was so yummy.  You get a salad with dinner or lunch which is important to me too.  The PEI mussels also very yummy.  Great staff and atmosphere and tons of beers on tap. Enjoy
Ok, I'll admit it! I was a little nervous going to an Irish pub on a Saturday night all by my lonesome, but after the inital "are you sure you want Irish & not Soul food stare from the purple haired lady sitting at the bar... My apprehension melted away once I saw the beer flowing. The wait staff was very friendly, the food quite good ( I had the chicken sandwich w/ fries my firstvtime there) & the band was nice. Since then I've been here several times for lunch. I'm never disappointed (though the sheppard's pie was so-so) with the food or service. The bartender always remembers that I like my blue moon with a shot of OJ. Definitely a place to visit... Be warned Saturday nights can be quite loud there.
Not for nothing , best meal I have ever had! Crazy, wasn't expecting it to be so good.  It rocked.  But the t shirt's Yankee insignia faded on the first wash! Grrrr.......
My place to go in the neighborhood. Been here so many times and I have accepted the fact that If I am going for  a dinner, the Rambling House is just not the place to go to. I'll walk a few blocks up and the sister restaurant, which is the Rory Dolans, offers a way better menu and food. So, where was I again? Oh, in the neighborhood, where I can just dive in for a few margaritas and magners, watch football and basketball in their T.V.'s.....
Ate here on NYE, food was good....our waitress was a doll! Great atmosphere with everyone in high spirits to celebrate the new year. Will definitely be back!
It really big, so great for large groups.  Okay selection of beer.  To the people that said they had the best wings around...I feel sad for you.  The wings were mediocre at best.  They weren't bad but they weren't really good either.  The wings were definitely huge, but again I could give you ten places that have better wings.   We also had the chicken nachos...very odd.  There was really no flavor except spice, and we couldn't figure out where the spice was coming from.  The only thing you really tasted was heat. We also had dessert, chocolate cheesecake.  It was okay, nothing special. Also I have to say the service was a little scarce.  It took a while for us to get our food, and at some point in the evening our waitress disappeared (she was very nice though), not sure if it was the end of her shift or what but we finally stopped a male waitress who was very attentive to our needs. We will probably go back on more time to try their main dishes, but I am no holding my breath for anything spectacular. The one thing I have to say that is earning them an extra star is that this place is very easy on the wallet.  We got two appetizers, three beers, and dessert and our total was $38.
i've been going there for almost 9 years. it's not what it use to be, but on a week night it's exactly what you need! Good food, great beer, decent prices. I like it here. Just hate it on the weekends!!!
A true jem in New York City's crown.  I've been all over the city and this IS the spot for this corner of NY.  From traditional live Irish music on Sundays, to a hugely popular Interactive Trivia game on Thursdays.  From Great DJs on Friday nights, live bands on Saturday nights, and a menu/drink line-up that doesn't disappoint... this place actually seems to care about being #1.  Sure there's a "no-dancing" sign as per cabaret laws, but I've never seen that stop the ladies from showing their moves.   As described in other yelps, this place has a mix of everything... Off-the-boaters who are hard to understand but are always ready with a story and two pints in their hands, to the off-duty cops, fire-fighters, teachers, and nurses who need to forget about life for a while.  During the day, it's got that authentic Public House feel with trad music playing in the background, kids running around while their parents meet for a midday pick-me-up, all with the old fellas gabbing away at the bar.  At night it transforms into a cross between a destination spot and Cheers where if they don't know your name, they probably will by the time you leave.  Sit back and take it all in at a booth or belly up to the bar and get to know your neighbors.  This place will become one of your favorites.
Went here with several co-workers Friday afternoon during Happy Hour. Can't really beat the prices - bottle drinks for $4 and chicken wing and strip plates for $5. Food was pretty good too. Service was great at the beginning with them setting is up with a large table but it started to lag at "shift change." All of a sudden they couldn't run a tab, didn't come around very often. Meanwhile, our former waitress was just sitting outside eating and smoking for almost 2 hours. Upon leaving, waitress walks by me twice while I'm holding out the credit card and bill. They seem either understaffed or inexperienced, even though they've been around forever. Still a good experience.
For those who wouldn't think they'd go to "da Bronx" for a bar, this isn't anything like the south Bronx, it's in a very Irish section of the northern part of the Bronx called Woodlawn, it's a really nice part that's practically in Yonkers. The street Rambling House is on also has 3 or 4 other Irish pubs within the immediate area in case you wanted to go bar hoping. You probably won't want to go bar hoping though because Rambling House is all you'll need (unless you're looking for a cozy dive). It's a massive place that's very clean, affordable, with a great menu, and decent bartenders. They also have a couple dart boards and occasional live bands. For those who just want to come for their food you can even go to the separated section for just dining. I wouldn't ever travel from Brooklyn to Woodlawn for this bar but I'll be glad next time I'm in the area and can get there for a repeat visit.
good solid Irish Bar...  really good service, food served hot and fast.. lots of fun,  My teenage kids really liked it too since it was clean and had good food choices...
Nice cool place. But the corned beef sandwich was was way too teeny for $10. Probably won't eat here again, but will drink.
Had a great Sunday brunch with complimentary mimosa! Very friendly staff, clean, spacious restaurant with cozy booths. They also have flat screen t.v.s to watch the game.
Great Irish pub!!  Nice live music on the weekends.  Had a birthday gathering here on a Saturday night...staff was great!!  Very big, lots of space.  Lots of young people on the weekends.  mmm...Guinness.....oh and the food is good too
The Rambling House is simply the finest, best managed pub in the North Bronx and South Westchester. It is a family run business that actually talks and interacts with their customers. Every facet of this operation, the bar, the menu and the entertainment is excellent. It is no 'fluke' how they have molded and cultivated a great following of loyal, repeat customers. I was there the day they opened and the place still has the same warm, welcoming look and feel today. I would and do recommend this pub to anyone, anywhere, anytime. Continued good luck to the Carty family on this great business.    gk
Wish we lived closer as this was a great experience! Strangely though, we had no alcohol, just food: mozzarella sticks, artichoke feta dip, Rambler Man salad, Bronx Bomber, Guinness Burger, sweet potato fries, chipotle chicken wrap, curry dish, Irish coffee. There wasn't much on the menu for vegetarians, though. Most everything was good except the chicken wrap - we could have done without. Portions were generous. Efficient service, fun atmosphere, lots of TVs. Clean, and not dimly lit.
Nice looking pub and not what you'd expect up here... well, when youre a dickhead from Brooklyn like myself that makes assumptions about The Bronx & Yonkers. #lessonlearned LOL Anyway, great live bands. Big venue. My only gripe, which I have no right to gripe about, is that the average age is pretty young. Of course, I was also that age, so if I were still to be in my early 20s, I'd fucking love this joint. Definitely had lots of cute girls!
I got the salad with goat cheese and my husband got the Guinness burger, both were amazing and the portions were huge. We both got a couple of drinks and the prices were reasonable for the quality ($6ish dollars for a pint of craft brew and $4 for wells). Great service, great food, very clean and not too loud for a pub.
Food was terrific bartender was great out waitress was rude forgetful and borderline incompetent terrible
This place is only good for drinks. Do NOT eat here. Unless you have all the time in the world, have no taste buds, and/or are trashed. Start the clock... 7:05 PM we parked in the free after 7 street parking. We originally planned to eat somewhere else but were enticed by their outdoor seating. We were promptly seated. Before I could blink, my beer was here! Then it went downhill... We waited for about 20 minutes before anyone returned to take our order. We ordered the chicken wing appetizer and salad. Pleasant conversation wile the hours away... BUT 8PM and still no sign of our food. We ask about it... And get attitude! After 40 minutes of waiting for some of the simplest things on the menu, I should think it was worth asking. The waitress then apologizes then gets the manager who also apologizes and offers free dessert... Hard to think about dessert when you're still waiting for your main food. The food comes out shortly... The chicken wings are COLD and hence not tasty. Salad was average. At this point, we just want to get out of there. The apology tiramisu comes relatively promptly- but is bland. While the dessert was an appreciated gesture of apology, it just didn't make up for a evening spoiled by a longer than planned dinner with unappealing food.
Great pub!! Came here with a friend that lives in the area who loves this spot. The beers were good but I do wish they had a wider selection on draft. Prices were reasonable as well, this included appetizers. I ordered some mozzarella sticks which were HUGE and so filling, but a bargain at only $5. The one disappointment were the chicken nachos, which was far from what you would call "nachos". They basically served me chunks of chicken drizzled in some type of cheddar cheese. Obviously I will never order that again. The waitstaff was super friendly and accommodating, and the people in the bar were also friendly. Lots of cute guys too! I will definitely be back when I'm around the area visiting my friend. I'm dying to try their carvery, which is $10 plate of food and beers!
Wide variety of beer which is huge for me. Very friendly and assertive staff. Food is mediocre. Pretty decent music. Reccomended for a casual night with friends.
On three days notice, over the Christmas holiday, these great Irish folk put on a great afternoon super for our grieving family.  They served almost 100 guest with great food and drink on a short budget in a perfect atmosphere.   Perfect place, perfect people for great events.   THANK YOU, KEIRA and  RAMBLING HOUSE.
Been coming to this place for a little while now n some day's are better then others. Love their mozzarella sticks, they're awesome!!! And the shepherd's pie is pretty good too, I like it with cheese on top. The service is a little slow at times  depending on the server at the moment. Their drafts are pretty good love me some blue point toasted lager n it's always on draft. Haven't try all the food here beside the basic bar food and appetizers but pretty chill spot. Will definitely keep on stopping by : )
i was surprised to find an Irish Pub still in the Bronx.  It was a great find by my son in law.  The two of us and my grandkids (they love Irish Pubs) went for dinner as my daughter was working. A lively noise Irish Pub.  Everyone is having fun, a great fun-group singing in their beers. The food was good , the beer cold and the waitstaff was outstanding . Just like  a Ireland local pub. We ate inside because the smoking area was right next to the outdoor eating area and it was not very pleasent.  That was the only thing stopping me from giving it a 5* reveiw. I would go back the next time I am in NYC.
I love Rambling House. It's about a block and a half from one of my friends' apartments, and every time a group of us is in the city at the same time, we all seem to gravitate back here because it's just so damn good. I love the Gaelic Burger with Guinness cheese. SO damn good. Wash it down with a Magners' and it's fantastic. They do make some good toasted almonds too. The first time we all came here, we ate out in the bar area, and it was kind of dark, the 2nd time, we ate in a side room that was more dining room-esque. I think my friend said that was a newer addition. I hope they don't mind our prattling on about trains for hours on end because we're massive dorks! :)
Yelp let me down on this one. I'm SHOCKED this place has 4 stars. This was not a great experience. We sent our appetizer back and the rest of it was barely edible. We ordered: Spinach and Artichoke Dip: This was the strangest dip I've ever seen. It was pureed and had the color and consistency of split pea soup. I really wish I had taken a picture of it. I've never seen anything like it. The grossest part was that I found a soggy chip at the bottom of it, like the dip was recycled. Gaelic Burger: Decent, not great. Ordered medium rare and got a well done burger. Nachos: Chips, canned chicken and a greasy cheddar cheese sauce. The sour cream that came with it looked like it was taken from someone else's empty plate. Our server was amazing. I hate to complain about meals (especially since the issues came from the kitchen, not her), but she was friendly and super helpful, and notified the manager of our issue right away, without us asking. The best part about this place is the price of the drinks. Smithwicks pints are $4.50 and cocktails are $5. ***Also, be advised that the photo of the cockroach that is in the photo section was NOT found in this restaurant. A Google image search will show that it is a stock photo and clearly left by someone with a deeper agenda.
For my 100th review, I will write out abut one of my favorite places in all of New York City. The Rambling House is about as close to heaven that one can get to- with the actual heaven being an Irish public house, like this one, and a Jewish deli next door.  What makes this place is, well everything.  It is a spacious restaurant filled with regulars, old timers, bar tenders and patrons off the boat from Ireland, college kids and young adults from all over the states, and even during the days and early evenings, young families with kids, and everyone is there for a brief blissful period of high spirits and frosty pints. The restaurant is huge with the bar occupying most of the space in the central hall, with a side wing for extra dinning space and for evening concerts.  It is well decorated with fine wood, rounded arches- giving the old world feel, but there are plenty of tvs available to watch the big game. The food is your standard gastropub fare with some pretty scrumptious fish and chips and mighty wings.  My favorite menu item is something I never order but can always smell- the dumplings.  These notorious little guys smell like straight farts.  Hard to not waft the smell, but it gives you plenty of cover for when your body starts to react to the consumption of several beers. Speaking of beers, well they are awesome.  The semi-surely bartenders, most from Ireland, will be happy to serve you up a nice pint of the typical pub basics, and then chat and make a wisecrack about something or another.  The bar also does a buyback if you have been there enough and if you are regular.  My buddy lives up the street and got like 4 beers free once while we were there. Finally what puts this place over the top is the music.  Every night there is a live act that will take your ears and semi-sober self off on a melodic journey to another world.  Like any bar, the big acts are on Friday and Saturdays, but my favorite by far is the Sunday Sessions.  Its a house band with a main guitar, a keyboard, fiddle and a whole host of other instruments that play Irish diddies, popular drinking songs, and some offbeat tunes starting around 7 or so.  Once they get into their set, with the lights dimmed, faces ruddy and bright, and the beer flowing like the mighty Hudson, for a brief moment all is right right in the world and time is suspended. Stepping foot in the Rambling House, you will think that you have died and gone to heaven.  For in heaven angels don't play the harp; they play the Irish fiddle.
Great service and good sangrias! Live down the street and go all the time!
I'm orginally from the Bronx and I never knew there was a "Little Ireland".  I have so many ties to the Woodlawn area, it's not even funny.  I was born at Montefiore Hospital.  My grandmother lives east off of 233rd Street.  My mother is laid to rest at Woodlawn Cemetery.  My aunt & uncle live on Gun Hill Road.  You get the picture I'm sure. I was at Woodlawn Cemetery visiting my birth mom and my adopted grandmother's graves and the family went to Rambling House for lunch soon after.  I can ONLY imagine the sight to see one soul brother sitting at a long table with 12 Irish-Catholics outside this place.  My adopted family members are pretty cool. The atmosphere of Rambling House was so alive.  Everyone working there or just walking by on their cellphones had strong & pure Irish accents.  It was so fitting and true to this area.  It was a very nice day and I have to concur with Madeline L's review about being here.  Granted it was a day of sorrow and not the party scene but you know...I want to party here.  I was going to order a Jameson shot or a pint of Guinness because love them soooo much but I would've been the only one drinking and I didn't want to "stand out"... Honestly, I felt like I was Anthony Anderson's stunt double on the Departed film set because it was THAT Irish around me.  Of course, I keep it real with the Irish Sausage, Mash and Baked Beans.  At $9, it was worth every penny.  The sausage is locally made a couple of blocks away.  They are small since they're not British bangers but they were really, really good.  Juicy with a crisp skin.   Most of my party ordered wraps (I know, right?)  These people are Irish and seeing them eating Chicken wraps was a sight.  I was thinking about their full Irish Breakfast but I didn't know if I was ready to have that much food.  My dad got the Mixed Grill.  At $14, this plate is a BEAST.  We're talking Ham, Liver, Blood Sausage and a Pork Chop.  Sure there were some fries but this was a display of premium meat on hand.  All I know is that I want to come here on a regular basis.  I want to get hammered off of anything here that is a liquid from Ireland with an alcohol content level.  If that is a WISE move who knows, but they ARE in the Bronx.   The waitstaff was very attentive and polite.  The most expensive item on the menu is the Filet Mignon de Mar with lobster meat and a hollandaise sauce.  I imagine it's very succulent.  My little sister ordered their Penne Ala Vodka with Italian Sausage AND chunks of smoked mozzarella all over it.  I tasted that and Willis likes it very much.  Of course they have the Irish staple Fish & Chips, Shepherd's Pie, Lamb Stew, Corned Beef & Cabbage and other traditional fare. I seriously recommend coming here to eat really good food and to have a few pints.  They have party menus, they do catering and they are open 7 days a week.  There's a Sunday brunch, live music from Thurs to Sat nights and they have a late night menu until 2AM!!!  The mood, the people, the menu, the neighborhood is so authentic and pure.  Can't we all use a little more purity in our lives?  They are only a few blocks from the Woodlawn stop off the 4 Train. I will dress up in a leprechaun suit with an Afro wig and shoot a commercial for this place; Right now.  Don't pass the Rambling House by.
Love coming to this place on most occasions....but today the food and beverages lacked  care and effort.   Chicken came out without the cheese that i requested and the red onion that was served  with my friends burger sitting across from me some how became unavailable to me.   When I asked why - the waiter replied they are short on the shipment....ugh, what???  Even the beverages lacked the appropriate amount of ice and just lacked taste..you need quickly ..new chef needed, new male kid waiter  new supervisor needed for overall operating.
This is purgatory and I love it. Seriously. I love a train-wreck. Where else can you get barraged by an incomprehensible Irishman, an incoherent construction worker, an off-duty cop, sloppy dancing college girls, and random "thugs" while listening to a cover band play Bon Jovi all at the same time? No where. Need a place to snort your blow at 3 in the am? Want to have an afternoon drink while children run around wildly unattended? Need a place to watch couples fight and argue to the brink of violence? Got a hankering for the Amish Outlaws? Want to see a fat guy pee himself? This is the place. Other than that, I devour the steak sandwich with the amazingly awesome Adobe mayonnaise. The calamari is pretty damn awesome, as well. Plus, it's across the street from Behan's...that's the closet you'll get to a pirate bar these days....God, I love Woodlawn.
Woodlawn is "Little Ireland"...please spare me any Irish curse jokes. In any event, you have to come here if you like perfectly poured Guinness, real Irish food and well actual Irish people (none of those plastic paddies). I fortunately have many family members in this neighborhood and visit often. When here I enjoy a trip to the Rambling House. I highly recommend their Corned beef and cabbage ($12) , which are served with buttery boiled potatoes or the Shepherds pie ($11), which is lamb and beef mixed with mashed potatoes.
The best local and yet welcoming to outsiders bar in the area. There is always something for everyone here. It is large and hosts awesome live bands! The irish staff are charming.
If you're going to go out drinking in the Bronx, this is the place todo it. Its clean, well taken care of, large with a great crowd and live music. I could imagine this might be one of the best places to be on St Patty's day. Hands down. Best Bar in the Bronx!
Oh lord all mighty where do I begin ?? This is place is too much ...where else can you go have a few drinks & catch a show all night of drunken people every where ? people here seem to get hammered so much so that u see the bouncers tossing them out left & right, girls , guys ...don't matter. the atmosphere is not bad, gets crowded , people do drink a lot here which happens most of the time with neighborhood spots. good drink prices, they have a live band from time to time, they play decent music mainly mainstream stuff every one seems to get into it & even though there are signs that say no dancing, of course people still do. fun place to go for drinks , u get a show with out even getting dinner lol
Usually, when I walk into an Irish pub, the music comes to a screeching halt and the patrons stare at me while wiping the beer off their face.  After this initial awkwardness, the party restarts.  However, this does not happen at the Rambling House.  They are warm and welcoming, if you follow these tips: 1.  Call all the male bartenders Patrick.  Probability is high you will be right. 2.  If there is a bartender that you cannot tell the sex of, do not make light of it.  Smile and call the he/she "Pat."  Again, probability is high you are right one way or the other. 3.  Go with at least one Irish dude, preferably from Ireland; if you cannot come up with an Irish dude, bring a cop.  For some reason, the drunks who wanna fight in the bar reason better with fellow Irishmen and cops. 4.  leave before last call.  The bar spills out at 4am onto Katonah Ave.  This crowd is filled with Fightin' Irish (not from Notre Dame) and the cops know not to be there.  If you wanna leave with all limbs in tact, leave at 3:30. 5.  Ash in the water cups. 6.  Follow the advice of the Irish proverbs in the men's room.  For some reason, they are really profound and truthful. 7.  Find a girl and startin neckin' already.  However, according to the rules of the bar, no dancing is allowed, so find a booth and go at it.  No one will even notice I promise. PS: The reason I love this place though is that they take care of their customers.  They always do a drink buyback after you buy 3.  This really keeps the tab down.
As Irish as it gets without being Kitschy, this pub is a must if you're ever in the BX We went for the brunch special and got a massive platter of eggs, sausages and potatoes alongside a complimentary glass of Guinness and Irish brogues in the background. All in all a very unique experience and highly recommended.
Pretty much this is my home away from home. It's a great place to grab a bite to eat and of course a drink. I usually like to go there to hang with my friends. I don't know what it is about this place, but I always end up there even if I was partying in the city all night. It's always my last stop before I go home.
Would you care for a Guinness? Do you like your Magners with a pint of ice? Would you like some black pudding? Are you accustomed to fraternizing with inebriated men with brogues? Do you get excited when you hear Shilelagh Law or the Amish Outlaws? Have you ever jive danced? Can you belt out all of the words to Black Velvet Band? Then you will like the Rambling House.  If you've somehow lost your compass and were looking for a place to pump your fist and do some Jager bombs then I suggest you try another bar.
One of the few places I would go in the bronx for a fantastic drinking experience.  Im guyanese and to get the kind of reaction at this bar that I get is amazing the regulars are so cool and the bartenders are amazing the beer battered wings and fries are to die for. They play the games have live music and even if your a wresting fan they play raw or smackdown depending on the night. The place is really big and they have a dining area if you come during the day for lunch or dinner. So to all my yelpers I recommend this place its nice and clean and they dont discriminate the workers are so nice. So please come and take a drink at the coolest irish pub
When I have a hankerin for a beer and some rashers at 11am, there's only one place to go.   My girlfriend was raised on Irish fry, and by default of being with her for over 6 years, I've grown quite the affinity for the greesy hangover cure myself.  While it's readily available at her father's house in NH, the Bronx is far closer, so in long lulls between trips home, we'll hit up the Rambling House for a nice Sunday Brunch. Complete with all the fixings (that'd be sausages, rashers,eggs,  puddings (which I always tell them not to include on my plate), potatos, toast, booze and coffee), you're looking at a HUGE meal for about $10, which is more than fair.  While the true allure is obviously the authentic Irish portions of the meal (the sausages and rashers)--which are awesome--I always find myself a bit disappointed by parts of the meal you can get anywhere else (potatos, eggs, even the toast is kinda weird).  But for the price and portions, and the inclusion of a little hair of the dog, can't really go wrong here.
Went here for a friends birthday. The place is very clean and the drinks are cheap (compared to spending $10 a drink in the city). Nice atmosphere as well. The place packs with people on Saturday night to the point you can barely move. But the weirdest thing is a sign I saw in this place that said "No Dancing Please". It turns out in NY they have a 'cabaret law' which basically means you can't dance at this place cause they don't pay for a license to let you dance. Huh? I went to see my friends cover band that night and I'm not allowed to dance to, "Evenflow"?
I was lucky.  My friends are regulars here.  We drank for literally hours, how I even remember being here is a miracle. The place is huge, has all kinds of tvs, an internet jukebox.  The bar is huge, there are many tables.  The Guinness is just right, as are all of the beers.  The food was really good too.  I had some kind of pita with Italian sausage and chicken with cheese and buffalo sauce.  That was about the last thing I really remember.  Oh that and there are always cabs out front.
