Filet mignon sliced steak are you kidding me. Amazing. Great service, good prices. Love to people-watch the Dumont townies at the bar.  Fun group of people. Down to earth, very comfortable setting.  We haven't had anythig we didn't love.
Had the pizza.  The sauce tasted weird.
I like this place for one reason - when I get my bill I look at it and say "there has got to be some mistake.. where is the rest of my bill!!"  aka this is a super cheap drink spot.    As far as food goes, its nothing spectacular, its pretty good food, but most everyone I know that goes here just goes to drink and maybe eat some bar food!  This place can get packed!  On Thanksgiving Eve it is a real mob scene... chairs flying through the windows, a guy on fire, I think i even stabbed a guy with a trident last time I was there for that night!   Just kidding - great spot for cheap drinks and pretty good bar food!
The food is very inconsistent, its so frustrating! They really need to renovate the place and most of the staff that works there. I am a very outgoing and blunt person, but these people can be rude and abrasive. We stopped going for a few months, because of how they told my niece to get out of the way. That being said, there are rare occasions where you get a nice waitress. Sometimes they give you your complimentary salad that is supposed to go with your entree, and sometimes they don't. I only sit in the area where there is a bar, because the other side of the restaurant is for people 70 years old and older. I love their baked ziti, when they make it right! Their french fries are amazing! Its pretty good bar food when the right person is in the kitchen.
The BEST penne and vodka sauce I have yet to find! The place itself is divided into two parts, the bar and the restaurant area. Both places are cozy and the bar is most always filled with locals watching one game or another. The wait staff is overall friendly, and the ambiance is homey. As for the food, I've had a few mediocre dishes here, like their burgers and salad.. but I always find myself coming back for the penne and vodka sauce. :)
The bar tended to be packed when I went on a Friday or Saturday night, OK drink specials. The bar was clean and the bartender awesome. As a venue for private parties, it was quiet during lunch hours. The food was surprisingly good. The staff was friendly and helpful.
Bar pizza delish & crazy greasy so eat it before you realize what's going on. Wings have a weird sauce - like a sweet bbq - but are pretty good & bleu cheese has chunks!
Best value in the area.  I dare you to finish the French Dip.  Can get a bit loud in bar area, but that's to be expected.  Many specials every night, with something to suit everyone.  Staff is friendly and attentive.
totally forgettable place.  maybe ok for breakfast, i don't know; never tried it.  tasteless pasta, tiny little mussels, bland broiled seafood, diner-grade chicken parm. not for us.
Went for lunch with a friend today and made the mistake of ordering the "french dip". While we waited we sipped on our cokes that were the worst tasting fountain soda I've ever had, it tasted like it was weak coke mixed with diet Dr. Pepper.   After about 45 minutes our french dips arrived and I was a little miffed to find that it was sans cheese, every french dip I've ever had has come with some Swiss cheese on it.  What was the real deal breaker was the sandwiches seemed like they came straight out of the freezer.  Never in my life have I heard of a french dip being a cold sandwich, it just doesn't make any sense since it comes with hot "au jus", or in this case a beef bullion cube in some warm water.  My friend and I only ate 1/4 of our sandwiches each and my friend asked about the sandwich being cold.  Our waitress in a nasty tone told us "NO, FRENCH DIPS ARE ALWAYS A COLD SANDWICH UNLESS YOU ASK FOR IT HOT".  She didn't even inquire to as why both of us had barely touched our food.  I got it wrapped to go and my dog will enjoy it far more than the two of us ever did.  I will definitely not be returning here any time soon.
This place is a great place whether u want a great meal for a great price or just want to belly up to the bar for a drink. The staff is friendly and very willing to accommodate. Grant's has plenty of choices of craft beers as well as the standards. Sundays during football season are great too, with beer specials and a great bar menu. There's more. Every  night pretty much offers a different special for dinner. All great deals. Large portions and very reasonable pricing.
The Grant Street Cafe's food is overwhelmed by its nasty "hostess" and miserable wait staff. Stay away
Been going to Grant Street for years, and they can always be relied on for great food, well priced drinks and a friendly staff.  While they have a pretty expansive menu (seafood and steaks are great), I tend to go with the Pizza and mussels everytime I go.  Great thin crust pizza and best mussels around - mussel sauce on top of the pizza is a must.  Good bar scene at night, good for football games as well.  Would definitely recommend for family dinner or drinks with friends.
One of the best-kept pizza secrets in the area.  Fantastic thin-crust pies served up nice and hot.  The price is right too.  Just keep in mind when you order for pick-up that the pies are much smaller than a typical pizzeria's, so order extras. This isnt a bad thing though, because you can never have too many of Grant's pies laying around.
This is a great local bar. The drinks are good, prices are great, and food is delicious. Seriously...there's nothing more you can ask for. I've never really eaten dinner here...I've tried a lot of their appetizers and the pizza - all of which are great. The pizza is especially delicious, ask for bacon as the topping and if you're feeling bold (and a little fat) ask for some ranch sauce on the side and you will not be sorry. Their nachos are pretty solid as well and they have great chicken wings + fries. Everything just tastes homemade and fresh. The bar area can get crowded during Friday and Saturday nights, if you want a table, come relatively early and be ready to order something to eat in order to reserve the right to keep that table. There are several TVs for you to watch whichever game is on. The only really down side to this place are the bathrooms. The doors don't lock (at least in the women's bathroom) but I've been in worst bathroom conditions so it's not the biggest tragedy in the world. They've also added sangria to their menu, with your choice of white and red wine. The sangria is pretty solid, they have fresh fruit added and it's really delicious. A nice refreshing add to their menu. If you're a beer drinker, they have a really great selection of craft beer, I think it's one of the only (if not the only) bar in town that has that many craft beers on tap. But seriously...try the pizza, probably one of the best places to get thin crust pizza in town.
Best Chicken Parm and wait staff ever. Great beer choices, specials and Personal Thin Crust Pizza !!
If you love craft beer then definitely check out Grant's. They have a great selection of beers and they're always rotating in new ones. The staff is very friendly and the food is good too.
Wednesday is Parmesan and Mussels night, great specials. Wide variety of beers on tap! Check for beer specials!!
I've had nothing but great experience here good food ,good beer , great staff The prices are great  good tap take overs all round a great place to go for drinks and food they take care of you
Been here a few times & the thin crust pizza & mussels are very good. Fried calamari is average & the chicken parm & Caesar salad are also pretty good. My friends have had the mushroom soup as well & seem pleased. Only downside to this place thus far is that the kitchen & staff seem a bit scattered though, food sometimes takes forever to arrive. Worth coming for the pizza & mussels though, will be back.
I come mostly for the beer selection which is phenomenal and gets it a fourth star just from bias. They rotate frequently and have some takeover days. The bar does get very crowded and the music volume increases with the crowd, making it hard to talk. The music can be good depending on who picks the playlist. Don't bother with the jukebox when it gets crowded, they disable it but it still eats your dollars. Food is overall good. The pizza is locally famous and they make a great burger. Take out is picked up from the bar which can be annoying because it's often busy and there is usually no place to stand.
This place hosts 5 percent of every graduating class from Dumont High School from the last 20 years.   A decent beer menu with a rotating selection.  A blackboard on the wall will show you what's on tap that night with ABV's.  It's just now officially summer so the decor is white Christmas lights paired with tinsel and American flag Chinese lanterns, it's a bit of a dive bar, don't ask.  Day crowd is a senior showdown and as the sun goes down, the younger crowd flies in.  This place gets a bit packed on the weekend, but the staff is efficient enough to keep your drinks full with little hassle.  A little pro tip, if the bar is crowded and you need a drink, stand by the back of the bar blocking the entrance.  In any other bar, this makes the staff hate you, but here it's a well accepted practice and not frowned upon.   Bottom line:  It's a local dive with an above average beer selection.  No more no less.
Objectively speaking the food is decent, the decor makes you feel small town nostalgic,  but the service is horrendous.  Everyone else got bread but we asked twice and were still pretty much ignored like we were burdening them.  Ordered the shrimp scampi and although the menu clearly said it comes with linguini, there was no linguini and the shrimp were the size of my fingernail...came back again to the bar side and it was much better.  I just hope they can treat all customers equally.
Just had the best soup of my life! Cream of mushroom. Never had a bad meal here. Normally get salmon, which is amazing and the mussels are out of this world.
WORST food I've EVER had!!! I had a grilled chicken sandwich that came on a humongous bun with two small filets, but it had a bunch of bacon luckily. The blue cheese on it was ok at best. My friend ordered the meat ravioli, and it was frozen raviolis with what looked and tasted like jarred Ragu. Bartender was cool though.
Grant Street Cafe is OK at best: it is seemingly clean and rather inexpensive. The dining room caters to both families with small children and the elderly (always a short wait for dinner as the the dining room is small). The bar area caters to both younger and middle aged locals. It is a better place for beers and apps. than dinner.
I was here once for lunch and my experience was good that I will be back soon for dinner and drinks. Bar - nice amount of seats considering this place could pass for a hole in the wall.  Bar was very clean and the bartender wiped it down numerous times and even used Windex on the register.  I like a clean bar! :) Bathrooms -  Also clean although I was there at the start of the day, maybe it is a different story after some heavy foot traffic. Food - I had the bar pie.  Pretty solid thin crust pie.  The menu had a good amount of items ranging from $5 - $16 dollars.  Although the bartender raved about the scallops, this place seems like a bar food type of joint.  I will try something else next time and report back. Drinks - Although I didn't drink, I asked the bartender about prices just so I had a sense.  Draft beers range from $3 - $5 (Guinness draft was $5) and mixed drinks are about $6.  They also just got some new flavored vodkas in that the bartender liked (whipped cream flavor vodka?!) and they had my favorite, Tito's Handmade vodka from Texas.  I was also told more taps were being added to the bar next week (Currently they have six). Lighting - A little dark but not a big deal. Other - Lots of tv's at the bar which is nice and the bartender let me pick what I wanted to watch probably because I was the only one sitting at the bar.  They also had a computer dart game ($1 play per person). They do take reservations except for Tuesdays. Overall a good experience and will be back.
My favorite place! Thin crust pizza, mussels, and their marsala sauce are amazing! I like their buffalo calamari as well. We've been coming here almost once per week for the past 2 years. I didn't want to review it because I didn't want it to get busier than it already is ;) But I gave up being selfish and will share. LOL. The filet sandwich is also great. This is a casual, family restaurant, but everyone we've brought here has loved it, and we obviously do too!
I went here for my father-in-law's 90th birthday along with my wife, son,  and all my in-laws.  We ordered a few thin crust pizzas for appetizers along with drinks.  The pizzas were very good and everyone at the table thought they were a good choice. For dinner, most of the family went with seafood specials and no one had any complaints; my son particularly enjoyed his fish and chips (a large portion for a hungry 20 year old).   I chose a half (roasted) chicken with cranberry stuffing, potatoes and gravy.   I was quite happy with my order.  The chicken had a nice, flavorful, crisp skin with juicy meat underneath.  The cranberry stuffing was a little "wet" but nonetheless enjoyable.  Potatoes are, well, potatoes.  I will certainly attest that the chicken dish was also large and quite ample. Grant Street Cafe's dining room is a bit tight and definitely loud but if you can get by that, you'll enjoy a nice casual meal.  Most of the diners seemed to know each other; definitely a local's place. There is a bar adjacent to the dining room and it was also filled with mainly locals.  They have a decent list of tap beers that are reasonably priced. Our waitress was very attentive to our needs; nice lady.
I like the casual bar atmosphere with sports on TV. I prefer to eat in the bar area at the booths even though there might be a longer wait than the dining room. I usually prefer delicate dishes with big flavored but when I eat here, I always go for the fettucuni Alfredo and love it everytime. So sorry, my review might not help everyone out there. They get my thumbs up.
Pizza is really good here. Thin crust, bubbly hot, and on Tuesday they have a 5 dollar pizza special. Average drink prices...if you order shots at the table, they usually pour them up nice for you. Bartenders are both really good guys. The place also has between 10 to 12 tvs in the main dining room, so you can see a different game from every seat. One very cute waitress who works the room in the back.
I absolutely love this place. We are new to the neighborhood and we've tried a few places with mixed results (as expected). But this place is really one of our favorites for a few reasons. Service is really, really friendly, attentive and they just do it right - not much turnover in staff either it appears. I would say management is excellent at what they do. We walked in after being severely disappointed at Cask 171. Being a Friday at 8 it was a little crowded - so with a packed bar we were served in about 2 minutes and one of the servers immediately recognized that we were there for food and not to drink - put us on a waiting list for  a booth which opened up in another few minutes. Food - pizza is excellent (I like it better than Kinchleys). I had the prime rib for New Years and that was excellent too. Everything we've ordered has been very good. Decent variety. Inexpensive. Drinks - a REAL plus if you like beer is their selection of craft beers - I personally wouldn't expect  such a good microbrew selection on tap and can't think of anywhere in Bergen County that has better. This alone would make this place a watering hole for me. All reasonably priced as well. Parking - definitely not the greatest but its a manageable problem. Added bonus if you are younger is that after about 10 there is a little nightlife scene here - mostly local Dumont crowd as other reviews have referenced. But if you are looking for the real deal - go to Hoboken - don't  hang out in Bergen County - that's kind of a no brainer and not a knock against Grant Street. I think its a plus that you have a good restaurant with a nice bar that has a little action afterwards.
Loved it! Laid back atmosphere. Delicious mussels-fresh and flavorful. Didn't even have to wait (that long) on a Friday night.
Grants is your typical "local bar" with really good food.  It's the #1 place I go to when I want a casual dinner with friends.  All of the bartenders are extremely friendly and helpful.  They even added a vodka to their selection list based on my recommendation.  Late at night it turns into more of a "young crowd" type of place, but overall, great place for food and drinks.
The sign on the wall says famous for their muscles, but I can tell you that is false.  The pizza is great for those who like the thin crust pizza, and I would put their burgers up against a lot of these fancy places.  Bar and wait staff is friendly.  This is one of my favorite places to go for dinner or just to drink.  Price is right, any way you look at it.  They have specials during the week which really make it difficult not to go there for dinner most nights when they have the pizza deal and the build a burger deal.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
If you are not a Dumont kid this place is a nightmare. Food is good, one of least friendliest places in NJ. Full of immature man child's, don't bother.
