It's a shame I waited so long to get to Shango considering how close I live to it.  It was awesome!  I had the Shrimp and Grits which was probably my favorite dish of the night.  The shrimp was seasoned well and perfectly cooked and it sat atop some of the creamiest cheese grits I have ever had. when we got to entrees, I was tempted to not go with what my wife expected me to order, but I could not resist trying the buttermilk fried chicken because I just love chicken and could eat it just about everyday.  I was not disappointed by any means. Fried to a perfect crisp while maintaining the moist juicy flavor on the inside.  It was topped with an andouille sausage gravy and it sat on some tender braised collard greens with bacon and some of those cheesy grits.  My mouth is watering again just talking about it.  Needless to say, I killed it!  My wife had some of the best salmon she's ever had and was introduced to quinoa thru the quinoa jambalaya that accompanied her salmon.  Bananas foster for dessert was a great finisher to the night!  the service was pretty good as well.  Not too pushy, but at the same time very attentive and I appreciated that.  They recently announced on their facebook page that they will be opening for lunch starting this fall and I can't wait.  I also want to desperately get there for brunch which I hear is awesome.  If you ever want a taste of the french quarter but can't get to New Orleans, get here!
After hearing rave Shango reviews for months, my husband and I finally managed to get there last night for dinner with a couple friends.  My only regret is that we didn't go sooner.  I'm still drooling a little about my linguine with mushrooms, shrimp and lobster.  Our server was the tops -- really snappy with response times, but not at all pesky -- and wasn't at all fazed by the 1-year-old baby at our table who sucked down half the contents of the fancy bread basket.  We all dug the atmosphere, both at the bar and in the dining area, and came away with definite plans to go back.
Absolutely fantastic. Their deserts are incredible and the specials keep you wondering....
For us this is Buffalo Comfort Food at its best!!!
So good!!!!!! You just have to go for dinner, make reservations for Sunday brunch, again SO GOOD!!
I came here for Local Restaurant Week with my best friend and the food is absolutely delicious.  I got the cat fish and my friend got the sirloin steak.  They were both filled with a ton of flavor.  The ambiance is perfect for a first date and has a New Orleans' vibe to everything with the music in the background, paintings on the wall, and setting. I heard wonderful things about Brunch and am making it my goal to try it soon.  Everything screams classy and elegance when you first walk in.  Hands down, one of my favorite places to eat in Buffalo.
Definitely 4 1/2 stars!  Really well prepared menu, great flavors with fresh ingredients and simple preparation.  One of the best in the Buffalo area.
Came recently for brunch and got the sirloin w/ poached egg and the brie-stuffed french toast.  This place is good on all accounts but still not 5-star worthy.  My steak was perfectly cooked but my egg was a little overcooked.  Also, the jambalaya that came with it didn't really fit in.  I would've liked to see something else in place of the jambalaya or maybe incorporating New Orleans flavors into a sauce to go w/ the steak & eggs.  The french toast was pretty bland and got boring after a few bites.  Also, our waiter was super awkward as he fumbled around w/ the specials but maybe he was new.  Definitely recommended to make a reservation b/c this is the 2nd time I did so and bypassed a bunch of ppl waiting in line.
I've only had one bad dinner there (they blackened my tuna to the point of charcoal), but I was willing to go back based on the strength of the previous ten or so dinners I've had there. The staff is extremely attentive, to the point where I ordered a side with my  entre, the chef didn't think it would go properly, so he came up with some alternate suggestions to make the rice I ordered go with my dinner. Good beer selection, nice wine list, very comfortable atmosphere. I love their gumbo as well.
Good news. Shango is now open for lunch. Went in today and had the shrimp poboy with their exquisite fresh cut sweet potato waffle fries. My friends had an assortment of items including BLT (with fried green tomatoes - YUM) on multigrain, grilled veggie on ciabatta and mac n cheese, the kind that dreams are made of. And for dessert? They are all homemade and fabulous - my new favorite is Bananas Foster. The sauce was perfect with creamy vanilla ice cream and bananas floating about. Service by Nate was attentive and knowledgeable. I can't wait to go back!
The food was spectacular and the wine selection was superb. This place is a real gem in the Bufalo area...
Excellent food.  Great atmosphere.  Great for takeout too!  One of the best restaurants in Buffalo.
Wow. Brunch at Shango yesterday was remarkable. My mother and I shared an appetizer, description pasted here from online menu: Two avocado spring rolls, sun-dried tomato and roasted corn, cilantro pecan pesto, chili pepper garlic sauce, sesame-seaweed salad. The thin rolls were lightly fried, not greasy nor too crisp, and created a party in my mouth. All spring rolls shall be held to this standard henceforth. The cilantro pecan pesto, chili pepper garlic sauce and seaweed salad were served for dipping. The seaweed salad could stand on its own as a side. Perhaps I need to get out more. Portions were large for the prices charged. I had, get ready, more cutting and pasting here: Scrambled eggs, arugula, roasted tomatoes & smoked gouda wrapped in a whole-grain lavash, hollandaise sauce. Simply divine. The eggs were not not runny, the smoked gouda made its presence known and the wrapper was sturdy enough to keep the contents happily bundled inside. The bill came to $30. We were headed to a movie so didn't have cocktails, but wait 'til next Sunday.
Without  a question one of the best if not the best restaurant in the Buffalo area. Love the Pork Belly Appetizer and the Fried chicken is awesome. The meal from start to finish is great every time. And if you're around to have Sunday brunch... reward yourself
Just ate here for the first time (dinner). Expected upscale Cajun and that's what we got.  Good service, nice lounge/ dining setting, and great (not so traditional cuisine) food. I had the steak poboy topped with red peppers, onions and two kinds of cheese, with a side of homemade slaw and great sweet potato fries.  No need to ask for honey and butter to dip them in, they appear to come lightly glazed already.  I also got a side of the 5 cheese Mac and cheese with chunks of Andouille sausage because I heard it was good.  It was good but I'm glad I only got a side because it would have been way too much/ too rich for me as an entree. The sausage was fantastic with a very strong spiciness as well as aged and cured favors.  My partner had the black pepper linguini with a lobster tail as well as scallops in a light mushroom sauce and said it beet her expectations.  Portions were huge somwemdidnt get to try desert this time around but the homemade selections looked interesting.  Bill for two with non-alcoholic drinks came to $58 excluding tip.  I recommend going and trying so long as your willing to pay at minimum $25 or so a person.
We yelped & found this place. Hubby had the black pepper pasta & it was very good, came with a generous amount of seafood including half a lobster. I had the bouillabaisse & it was good too but I've had better. Park at the end of the block in a proper parking lot, not behind the restaurant.
Most of the reviews are spot on.  This place has great food and a great atmosphere.  The wine and beer list is wonderful, my wife and I kicked it off with a micro brew.  We were then greeted with a olive dish and some fresh bread with dipping oil, both very tasty.  I started out with a cup of gumbo, it was fantastic, and you could tell they took their time on the roux and used real Andouille sausage. In Louisiana people's idea of gumbo varies greatly, and  the gumbo I had at Shango was comparable to what I've had in Louisiana  For my main course I had a sirloin (medium), with garlic rosemary fries on top of a portabella mushroom with spinach and blue cheese.  It was glazed with a very flavorful sauce.  I couldn't resist eating the whole thing, and unfortunately didn't save room for dessert.  Figure on spending about $65 bucks for an app, 2 drinks, and 2 entrees (the menus is online and current).  Very reasonable considering the high quality food, atmosphere and friendliness of the wait staff.  Next time I go I'll make sure I save some room for dessert.
Shango is becoming one of my favorite restaurants in Buffalo.  Their dinner menu is great with a good selection of wine & beer.  Most recently, I went for the Sunday brunch and was not disappointed.  My husband had the salmon hash and I ordered the "Two poached eggs, crab, artichoke and roasted jalapeno cream sauce in a puff pastry shell."  Both dishes were extremely savory and filling, as was the breadbasket (love the cornbread!).  I ordered  a mimosa, which Shango serves in a martini glass with a marischino cherry at the bottom (pretty sunset colors).
Not bad, but overrated. The food is so-so. It is not authentic cajun food but it is decent. Their corn bread is great. Their wine list is wonderful. Their main dishes are so-so.
Excellent food and good service.  A tad pricier than other Buffalo restaurants but worth it.
Mac & Cheese...that's all I'm gonna say
Disappointing at best. Gumbo tasted burnt and like it sat all day. Oysters were not prepared correctly so I had a bunch of pieces of shell each time I ate one. The tuna tacos had a weird taste I literally couldn't stand it in my mouth and the fried chicken made my husband puke as soon as we got home. The poached egg salad was pretty good and the avocado spring rolls were greasy but not bad. I expected it to be way better w all the rave reviews I've read.
About as good as it gets.  Went there with a group from work when we were meeting in Buffalo.  The service was excellent and the food was out of this world.  Had a mussels appetizer with shrimp entree the second night there.  Oh yeah, it was so good we went back a second night.  This is with a bunch of food snobs who never go to the same restaurant twice in a row.  Highly recommended.
A solid five stars for this place! This place is one of Buffalo's most popular restaurants and it is not hard for me to see why! I want to make note that I went here for dinner, however this place is also really well known for their Sunday brunch. First, definitely plan on trying one of their wines, that's a given. Ask your server for a recommendation, they are very helpful and informative. Considering "wine bar" is in their name you just have to sample one of their many house wines. The food is excellent here. Enough said. They have a great menu with quite a lot to choose from. I had a tough time deciding what to order. I finally settled for the penne and a side order of their mac and cheese. You are given a complimentary basket of various breads (including sweet delicious corn bread) and a bowl of olives with a Cajun spiced olive oil. That was a great start to the meal! The entrees came in a reasonable time. The penne was awesomely good. It included plenty of andouille sausage, fresh shrimp, and crawfish. The sauce was a Cajun cream sauce which really made the dish. I can't tell you enough what excellent quality the shrimp in my penne were. I recently came back from a trip to the Mississippi Gulf Coast (major shrimping area) and the shrimp in my penne matched up pretty well with the shrimp I had down there. I have to say that is a pretty awesome accomplishment for a Buffalo restaurant. They had that fresh out of the water taste. The mac and cheese was uniquely good, loaded with several cheeses and spices. It made a perfect side dish. Make sure you save room for dessert here! The bananas foster is their house specialty and you can't leave without trying it! Let me just say that this dessert is huge and even if you run out of room in your stomach you're going to keep eating it anyways until its all gone. It was definitely one of the best desserts I've ever had. The atmosphere of the place includes dimmed lighting, a large bar, white table clothed tables, wooden booths (including a few in private alcoves), and garage doors that are opened on nice days. The servers are really friendly, attentive, and all around great here. I thoroughly enjoyed this dining experience and couldn't have asked for more. Definitely one of my new favorite restaurants!
This place is the real deal. Small place, huge flavor from the food. The Bouillabaisse was incredible, pretty good beer selection for the area as well. The servers weren't the best, but with the food being the quality it was, I could look past that. The bananas foster was also greatly enjoyed by my group, looking around I do not believe you can go wrong here.
I've been wanting to try Shango for years, and finally got to enjoy this lovely restaurant last week with a friend for dinner.  Parking on Main Street is not the greatest, but Shango is cozy and warm inside, and we were lucky enough to be dining on a gorgeous day with the patio doors wide open.  The menu is slightly different than what is on their website, must be outdated.  Our waitress was very polite and allowed us to gab awhile before taking our order.  We decided to start with the avocado spring rolls and a Sauvignon Blanc off of their very nice wines-by-the-glass list.  Next came some complimentary bread, olive oil, and marinated olives.  All were delicious and just the right way to start a meal.  However, it did seem like the appetizer was taking a long time, but we were enjoying catching up with each other and didn't really mind since we had the bread and olives.   Well lo and behold, here comes the entrees with no sign of the spring rolls!  At this point, we decided not to say anything about the missed appetizer since our entrees looked amazing and we just wanted to dive right in.  My friend had a black pepper linguine with seafood in a creamy sauce.  She said it was delicious but a bit heavy and ended up taking half of it home.  I went with the waitress's recommendation and got the salmon, which was cooked a perfect medium rare and served over a corn and bacon hash.  There was a light cream sauce and fried shoestring sweet potatoes over top.  It was so flavorful that I could not stop eating.  I finished the entire plate and like the terrible friend I am, didn't even offer one bite to my friend.  I wanted the whole thing to myself! The check came and there was no sign of the spring rolls, so she must have just forgotten.  My salmon was so wonderful though, I forgive our waitress and will be back again for dinner and hopefully for brunch which I've heard great things about as well.
The food is amazing, the service is terrific, and the atmosphere is perfection!! The sweet potato fries are the most delicious I have ever tasted!!!
Came here on date night with my fiancé. Everything from the drinks, appetizers, free basket of bread, entrees and desserts were simply amazing. Off the top of my head, we ordered the avocado spring rolls for the appetizer - I enjoyed them even though I do not like avocados. It was presented with various dipping sauces which was very different and yummy.  We also ordered a cheese plate - which went perfectly with the basket of warm french baguette (we asked for a second basket!). It's been a while so I don't remember all the details. All i recall is that absolutely everything was scrumptious, the atmosphere was very romantic and intimate, and the bottle of Malbec we ordered was great and reasonably priced. It's not a cheap restaurant by any means, but we felt like it was worth every penny. For a detailed review read my fiancé's write-up on it (Jen Y. - strawbs0607.yelp.com) We will definitely be going back to Shango!
Whether you're vising Shango for happy hour, dinner or Sunday brunch, it's always top notch.  Over the past ten-ish years that they've been open, I've never once been disappointed with a meal.   Here are some of my favorites menu items: The steak po-boy is a delightful dinner which will leave you with leftovers for a drool-worthy lunch the next day.   Both the sweet potato fries and avocado spring rolls are fantastic and will provide you with the perfect salty snack to enjoy with a glass of wine.   The mac and cheese is also a must try, even if only once!  They do it right at Shango.  It's creamy, rich, gooey, and worthy of every other standard description for 5-star mac and cheese.  Split it with your table if you're not feeling indulgent enough to enjoy it all on your own. Mmm... The breakfast burrito.  Because I don't like seafood, I order mine without the shrimp and it's still very flavorful and filling.  This menu item is killer with a belinni or mimosa.  Sundays are meant to be spent with a food baby sitting in your stomach, right? Lastly, if you have room, the bananas foster truly is excellent.  As a chocolate lover, I didn't think I could adore a dessert featuring vanilla ice cream quite so much.  Let me tell you-- there's nothing "vanilla" about this.  One bite and anyone would feel love-drunk on that caramel rum sauce.  Worth the extra calories! Beyond the menu, the restaurant itself is wonderful too.  The restaurant vibe screams "romantic date".  At night, the lights are dim and candles are lit.  It just feels sexy.  The service is also fantastic as the servers are knowledgeable, friendly and attentive.   If you haven't been there yet, what are you waiting for? Experience this University Heights gem for yourself!
Went here last week for my girlfriend's birthday on Thursday night. I made a reservation on Open Table a week ahead of time, and when we walked in it looked like that wasn't necessary. By the time we walked out (around 8pm) it looks like that reservation was definitely necessary. We were seated immediately, and my girlfriend said she loved the decor. I can honestly care less about the decor, but if that's your thing apparently it was well done here. Our waitress promptly greeted us with the specials list which she left on a hand written card (with the prices listed) at the table instead of us having to memorize them. We ordered our drinks and they have a pretty extensive wine and beer list. The beer list wasn't huge, but had many exotic beers I had never heard of. Once the drinks were brought over we ordered our food. A bus boy then brought over a bread dish, oil, and olives. The bread and oil was nothing special in my opinion, but may be a great treat for the olive connoisseur (not me). I ordered the pork belly as an appetizer and it was melt in your mouth, easily the best part of the meal. Our entrees came out shortly after I finished the belly of pork. My girlfriend ordered the mac n cheese with andouille which was out of this world! I ordered the Country Fried Flatiron Steak (a special) which I regretted almost immediately. The steak was very tough and chewy, but I guess what can you expect with a deep fried piece of beef? The collard greens and mashed sweet potatoes made up for the dish however as they were an outstanding compliment. Our bill for 2 glasses of wine, a 25 oz IPA, app, and 2 entrees was slightly over $100 including tax and tip. I give this 4 stars as I was not a fan of my meal at all. I will be back for sure to have this rating bumped to a 5-star rating as this place has monster potential, and from what I've read from other reviewers this seems like a fluke occurrence.
Had a simple meal with a friend. The location is inauspicious, being tucked into a row of bars and restaurants, some of which had gone out of business. We were seated quickly, then reseated on the patio at our request. We opted to split two appetizers, and a blackened catfish Po'boy. Starter was a marinated olive dish accompanied by a selection of breads with olive oil dip. The Cajun style shrimp was wonderful. Hot and highly seaoned, as you would expect in a Creole-themed restaurant. Ditto the battered and fried calamari, accompanied by a spicy sauce and served with red jalapeño slices. Very satisfying. The Po'boy was huge -  big enough for splitting - juicy and succulent, served on a crusty hard roll. It was well seasoned, and was very tender and flavorful. Service was reasonably quick but not rushed. I plan to return to Shango in the very near future.
Good wine list. but the food was underwhelming. The food in genral lacks seasoning and salt. Good service, atmospher and location.
I experienced Shango today for the first time and am completely satisfied! A group of friends and myself enjoyed the brunch menu. Best bloody mary I have had in quite some time. It had hints of garlic and was a perfect mixture all-in-all. For an entree I had the Breckfast Burrito. A flour tortilla with shrimp, pork breakfast sausage, scrambeled eggs, cheddar cheese, and salsa. Roasted potatoes and fruit on the side. THe portion size was perfect as I was full but not uncomfortably full. Definitely plan on going back to try to brie filled french toast with banana rum sauce!
I came for a dinner date and had a lovely restaurant experience. The bar has some nice beer options that I have not found elsewhere in Buffalo, including an Indian Pale Lager (that's right, lager), which was good. We had a goat cheese appetizer, which was splendid.  This is saying a lot, because I do not consider myself a cheese person by any means. For my dinner I had the buttermilk chicken with andouille gravy.  It was very good, and the portion was quite large, so I even got to have it for lunch the next day too (still great). I would certainly return for another meal.
Came here for Brunch after church on Sunday and really had a great time. We were a table of 7 including our 1 year old and so they set us up in the back which was like a private room. One thing my friend mentioned as we were being seated, when seated away from the main dining room the wait staff usually forgets you are there and don't really check in on you. That was NOT the case here at Shango, Our attentive server made sure that our water glasses were not empty and that we had enough napkins for our messy children without ever being disruptive. It was mentioned that the decor reminded our friends of a typical restaurant in the French Quarter in New Orleans and of course there was jazz playing overhead. The food really takes the spot light as it should at any good restaurant. I got the flat iron steak that sat atop a quinoa jambalaya I'm not really a fan of gritty grains  such as quinoa but considering what it was it was quite good. The steak itself was smothered in some saucy beans and then topped with an over medium egg. When i cut open that over medium egg and let that golden yolk ooze over my steak i started salivating like crazy. you bet i couldn't wait to get that first bite in my mouth. It was cooked to a perfect medium rare. Although we hadn't seen our old friends in a while our table grew quiet as everyone was too busy scarfing down their delicious cajun fare.
The amount of great restaurants in Buffalo can be staggering.  All cuisines and all price points are pretty much located within 20 of the city limits.. Their food is New Orleans fusion but if you don't find that appetizing, there are always specials that will suite you, no matter what your preferences are. The portions are all reasonable and the prices, are well within reason for the level of food you're getting served. This is a great place for a special occasion or just because you feel like splurging a little bit.  Do not skip this restaurant, it is absolutely a must do if you live here or want to impress someone.  This is one of those places that if I ever left the area, it would be my first stop.
This place is great. The food selection is great.  While the menu isn't huge, you'll be happy with just about anything on the menu.  The care in their appetizers set a great tone for the rest of the meal.  I was joking on my last visit that I don't need to even look at the menu as their daily selection is good enough to go blind into. Aside from a few small etiquette missteps, it's almost perfect.  They're timely, and I'm rarely looking for a water refill or my next glass of wine.  The personal attention sets a standard. The ambiance is dark without being too dark, loud without being overbearing, and when the patio doors are open, makes for great late night dining. Keep it up!
Quaint area of Buffalo, NY. Had a nice dinner there with fried green tomatoes, a roasted root vegetable salad, and a creole spiced seafood penne. Service was quick, polite, and well versed with the menu. Prices were reasonable and if you're in Barfalo, I'm sure you could do much, much worse. The food was delicious! Delicious!
So full, so if my thoughts aren't completing coherent, that is why.  What a superb first experience at Shango.  Came in for brunch around 12:15 and the place was fairly busy but there was seating available for others.  Everything was so organized, I value organization. I don't want to have to ask for a wine list, cocktail menu, beer list, napkin, water, etc. I just want everything to be there when I am seated or shortly after.  Shango had it going on. There was an extensive beer and wine list waiting for me as well as a brunch cocktail menu. I went with a Bloody Mary and my friend got a glass of Prosecco.  It is very easy to mess up a Bloody Mary, this one was delicious.  The perfect combination of salty, peppery goodness. The garnish was cute, cocktail onions and olives.  I hate both so I was glad the stick wasn't in the drink and kept outside because it made the drink look pretty without tainting the flavor with olive juice.   Our server was professional, informative, kind and patient.  He thoroughly explained the specials for the day which made our ordering decision even that much more difficult.  He delivered warm bread which was very yummy as well.  For appetizers we went with the pecan crusted goat cheese salad which was accompanied with pickled beets, I think they were supposed to be cauliflower but they definitely we not cauliflower, dressed lightly in a grape vinaigrette. The salad was so filling. The goat cheese was one MASSIVE ball, fried, with a pecan crusted outside.  So much goat cheese, so little room. The flavors were delicious.  I would have been satisfied with just this dish and my bloody.  We also went with the avocado spring rolls.  There's something about hot avocado that I just don't like.  I am an avid avocado eater, daily, cold on a salad, but warm avocado doesn't work for me.  However, my friend LOVED them. Definitely a preference thing, the flavors were good as was the chili pepper garlic sauce. Friend got the lobster cakes with poached eggs, hollandaise sauce and greens which she loved.  The portion was filling so she was able to take some home.  I went with the wild mushroom, red pepper and goat cheese frittata.  It was huge.  I only could afford room for a couple of bites and had to wrap mine to go as well.  You have to like truffle oil in order to enjoy this dish.  I wasn't a huge fan of the truffle oil but that was my mistake, the server clearly stated this was a strong prominent flavor.  I took the risk with fair warning, but it just wasn't for me.  The service was really great, he constantly checked to see how we were, made sure we had everything we needed, food came out in a timely manner and the check was delivered appropriately.  I love those meals when you don't have to think about anything but your company and the food.  All the work should be done for you, such as clearing, delivering, refilling, etc and all of that was done at Shango and done to absolute perfection.  Was very impressed. My ONLY complaint about this place was that it was impossible to eat healthy. I'm sure you could ask for a plain mixed green salad but everything on the menu is pretty heavy with sauces, cheeses, gravy, etc.  With that being said, it's New Orleans Bistro, not a health food restaurant so I can't expect healthy choices.  Therefore, the five star rating is totally deserved.  The ambiance in this place is really great as well.  I felt like i was in somewhat of a formal setting in the dining area, but then there was a bar crowd that provided a semi-casual atmosphere as well which I loved.  I can't wait to come back here for dinner and some delicious wine.  Their list looked DIVINE.
I went here a few nights ago and it was awesome!!! Me and my date split an appetizer and entree an we were stuffed. For an app we got the mussels with andouille and a  cream based broth. It was so good I was considering drinking the leftover broth straight from the bowl. For our entree we split the seafood boullebaise (not sure how it was spelled). It was fantastic and plenty to share. The only semi complaint that I have is that they charged us for a split plate, not sure it they actually give a bigger portion for this? It really wasn't a big deal though. Can't wait to return!
I would have given a 4.5 rating based on the food, but the service was so poor, that I have to take a star off, so 3.5 it is. (Yelp, won't let me rate in 1/2 stars, so sticking to 3) My boyfriend and I picked Shango for dinner on the Saturday before Mardi Gras. The special Mardi Gras menu seemed exciting and reasonably priced, and exceeded expectations. As we sat down, we were served with a bread basket with Cajun style olive oil for dipping. We had the avocado spring rolls (which were excellent!) and turtle soup (very okay...) for appetizers. I got the duck breast served over jambalaya, which was very good. The Creole meatloaf my boyfriend ordered was a little below our expectations, especially compared to the duck breast, which was absolutely scrumptious. The real let-down was the extremely poor service. We were seated at 6.20, and at 7.45, we were still waiting for dessert to be served. Instead of waiting longer, we decided to settle the bill and leave so that we wouldn't miss the show we had planned to watch after dinner (seems like making it to a 8 pm show after a 6.15 pm dinner reservation was too much to expect. We weren't even very far from the show venue). Overall, the food is great, but service is veeery slow, even when not filled to capacity.
Everything was amazing about Shango. I'm glad that we didn't cancel our plans for date night even though it started snowing outside (end of March!!!!!!!) and the wind really picked up and it was just overall a nightmare to leave the house. The only complaint I will have is the lack of parking - but hey, that's just something I will have to deal with if i want delicious food! We arrived about 5-10min late due to the bad weather and lack of parking... the host told us that our table wasn't ready yet even though the restaurant was about half empty... we waited about another 20 min for the table to be ready - it was a nice little one right by the see-thru garage door (which in the summer time opens up to an outdoor patio). The ambience was great - although you can hear everything your next door neighbors are saying. For appetizers we got the fresh goat cheese and fruit spread with crostini, and the avocado spring rolls. Both were amazing - though i felt like the cheese dish could have had at least twice the amount of little crostini because we had a lot of cheese spread left even though we smeared them on generously on the 4 little pieces of crostini that it came with... the avocado spring rolls had 2 sauces (both delicious) and a little bit of a seaweed salad - perfectly seasoned. We had originally wanted to order the calamari but they were out of them. They were also out of a few other dishes on the menu and the specials which disappointed me quite a bit since it was only 6:30pm on a Saturday. I got the buttermilk fried chicken which was amazing - it had some kind of bacon gravy, and came with mashed potatoes and some kind of cured meat and greens. Everything was delicious. My bf ordered the mac and cheese with andouille sausage, which was very good as well, although I would recommend ordering it as a side dish to split between at least 4-6 people. For dessert we went with the pecan pie with the homemade rum ice cream. It was fantastic. I wish i asked for that second scoop of ice cream but there was way more pie than ice cream - and I am a stickler for "one bite ice cream with one bite pie" portions. It looked like most people ordered the banana dessert dish that came in a big giant wine glass... some kind of banana split I think - so that's likely their signature dessert dish. As for beverages we went for the French Malbec. The wine list said that it's a 2008 but it was actually a 2010 - i know restaurants can do comparable substitutions but I just feel like almost every single upscale restaurant I've been to in the past couple of years serves a younger wine that actually advertised on their wine lists. Anyway - the wine was fantastic. I've always been a dry red drinker - and it was probably one of my favorite Malbecs of all time. And now i will be on the hunt for it at liquor stores. I typically drink Argentinean Malbecs especially ones from the Mendoza region, but now I think i'm going to be obsessed with the French Malbecs for a while. All in all - the service was reasonable (our waitress was just kinda blah and had absolutely no personality - felt like we were speaking to a robot actually). Our entrees came when we were not even halfway through the appetizers - which was inconvenient because the table was really small, and it also felt like perhaps they were trying to rush us through. But the food more than made up for everything else, hence the 5 star rating. We will definitely be returning!!!!! Hopefully with friends, because i really think that this is a great food-sharing place, like Toro.
I'm bumping up my previous 3.5 to a solid 4 stars. Came back here for dinner after studying one night at UB south campus. I forgot to mention in my previous review that they give you a cornbread basket and olives in olive oil for dip, which is great. They have deep fried alligator as an appetizer!! I was feeling adventurous so I ended up ordering that. I wish they had an entree of it! It tastes amazing. I never had alligator before but essentially the meat is like a slightly chewy white fish meat. Can't wait for the next time I get to try it again!
It's about time I had good reason to come here for lunch, even if it was just to pick up take-out! Ordered the Seafood Chowder and blackened ahi tacos. The chowder was so tasty, I wish I had ordered a full bowl, not just a cup! The ahi tacos were okay... Lots of flavors from the blackening seasoning to the pickled ingredients on top. My one issue though was that the tuna was way overdone (I like RARE, just a teeny sear on the outsides) at maybe a medium/medium well and even at overdone, the blackening seasoning wasn't blackened. Makes sense, because you wouldn't want to cook these for any longer than just long enough to give a sear (30 seconds on each side, perhaps?). I cook steak at home inside in the winter and I like my meat rare or medium rare. When cooking rare, I seriously, give it 30 seconds per side and then around the edges just to seal in the juices. It's not hard to overcook meat when you want it honest to goodness RARE. But maybe the pan wasn't screamingly hot enough? Regardless, the staff is so friendly here. I haven't been here in a long time and I'm glad to see that they are just as friendly as the last time I was here. Thanks for the tasty meal, Shango! I'll be back!
Shango is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the Buffalo area. Everything from the service to the atmosphere is a great introduction to all the wonderful food you're about to eat. It's a perfect place for a date, or a nice dinner with family, friends, co-workers, etc. Nice bar selection too. Reasonable prices - you get what you pay for! New Orleans Creole cuisine, as you can imagine, is delicious in itself, but Shango really does it right. (Actually, I've never been to New Orleans so I can only assume). They have unique menu items like Fried Alligator, and classics like fried chicken. Only, their fried chicken is free range and buttermilk fried. I'll probably get that next time. It comes with the Andouille Sausage Gravy.. which is what I got with my meatloaf instead of brown gravy. So worth the calories! My first time I was there, I got a steak - cooked perfectly! And the famous Bananas Foster for dessert, which really lived up to everything I was expecting and more. This time, I opted for something a little out of the ordinary for me and got the Creole Meatloaf. It was sooo good! Even my meatloaf-disliking boyfriend enjoyed it! Ordering meatloaf can be kind of iffy, I think, because more than likely it's made ahead of time and then re-heated. I don't know if that's exactly how it goes, but even so, it was still really delicious, flavorful, and had just the right amount of kick. My boyfriend got salmon with a shrimp jambalaya made with quinoa. Both were great for seafood lovers! For dessert we got the Apple Bread Pudding with Maple Bacon Ice Cream. Please, if you ever go to Shango and see this dessert on the menu, GET IT!! It was incredible!!! There's little bits of bacon in the ice cream... I don't need to say anything else.
Been here a couple times for dinner - which was very good.  But, the brunch is what is really outstanding!  I had a crab avocado stuffed biscuit with poached eggs (a special that day - not on their regular menu).  My husband really loved his flat iron steak, which is a regular menu item.  The bread assortment served is delicious - corn bread, multi-grain, and white. Mimosas and bloody mary (made with saki instead of vodka due to only having a beer/wine license).  Small outdoor eating area available and they open the garage door for fresh air on nice days.  Great place!
We heard it was a really good brunch-The food was good but it lacked a "wow" factor. We Had the squash blossoms, gumbo, fried chicken grits and scrambled eggs and the mushroom frittata. The bloody Mary's weren't great. We spent $65 for two of us, and were sat at an awkward large 2 top table right by a server station- not really worth it to me.
As we walked into Shango, we were welcomed with the sound of a blues/jazz piano player which filled the air with an excellent tone. We sat down at a small table for two and were immediately greeted by our server who got us our drinks and explained the specials. This place had great ambiance and is perfect for a first date. After we ordered, we were given a complimentary bread basket which contained cornbread and a wheat style bread with seeds on the crust. In addition, we received a cajun style olive oil for dipping and a small bowl of assorted olives/peppers which was delicious. We shared the calamari as an appetizer. It was garnished with a delicious and creamy remoulade as well as cherry peppers. We really enjoyed it and would order it again. For entrees we ordered the black linguini pasta and the duck breast [on special]. The linguini was DELICIOUS. A seafood medley which did not disappoint. If you like seafood, pasta, and cream sauce, this is your dish. The duck breast was cooked very well. Served with a sweet glaze over jambalaya created an interesting taste which I enjoyed. The jambalaya was very salty but dishes of this nature usually are. I would like to point out our service. As a veteran server at a higher end Italian restaurant I feel I am pretty hard to impress. Our server was excellent, friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive without being annoying. His name escapes me but props to you! In short: try Shango. It's different, original, delicious, and quaint. It's got character and wine which in my book, is all you really need. Well... And whisky.
Wonderful, delicious food.  There were so many delicious sounding items on the menu, it was genuinely hard to choose.  Friendly staff.  Highly recommended if you are in Buffalo.  You won't be disappointed. The fried chicken, and especially the grits that came with it, was very, very good. Would have given it 4.5 stars inf the system allowed.
Odd situation #1- I went to brunch with my lawyer.   Odd situation #2-  He actually paid the bill.   Crazy stuff, huh?  Must be because keeping me out of trouble is an expensive proposition and going to brunch at a popular Creole/Cajun spot is a small sign of his gratitude. Shango has been on my radar for quite awhile.  Having been born and bred in the 716, I know Louisiana inspired cuisine is not something that was found very often in the Queen city.  Given that New Orleans is one of my favorite travel destinations, especially for food, I was locked and loaded for this visit.  My lawyer buddy mentioned that it was on his radar as well.   Agreeing with a lawyer?  Odd situation #3! I tried the Spring Rolls and the Buttermilk Fried Chicken. The Spring Rolls feature avocado, sun-dried tomato and roasted corn.  They're served with cilantro pecan pesto, chili pepper garlic sauce and a small sesame-seaweed salad.  The spring rolls are nice sized and decent for sharing.  That's the positive.  While the rolls offered great crunch, they were very one note with the sun-dried tomato being the dominant flavor.  Kinda sad really because the dish had some potential.   The Buttermilk Fried chicken dish also comes with grits and scrambled eggs.  The chicken is a generously sized piece that was moist, tender and pretty flavorful.  The skin also had great crispness.  Unfortunately, I found a piece of massively undercooked skin underneath the chicken.  Ewwwww. The eggs and the grits were both afterthoughts.  The eggs, while properly prepared for the most part, lacked any flavor.  Major crime when it comes to anything Louisiana inspired.  The grits had decent texture to them.  The flavor?  Well, it was more like a chemical flavor.  It was weird, there was no buttery or cheesy flavor to be found; just an odd and kinda sharp chemically sort of taste that did not go over well.   In fairness, I'm not the biggest brunch person so perhaps this was not the best time to check out Shango.  Their lunch and dinner menus look really good and given that they're a short drive from my parents' house, I'm looking forward to checking them out again next time I'm in town.   So, you know what's not odd?  My lawyer buddy enjoyed his meal and ended up with a fairly cheap bill.  Dammit!  These lawyers always find a way to make out like bandits!
Drinks - Local brews. Appetizer - Gumbo stew. Entree - Blended cheese and waffles. After Lunch - Espresso. Good - Sat at bar on a Sunday afternoon and was well-attended by the barmaid. Employees were friendly. Great selection of local brews. Delicious gumbo stew. Cheese was strong and flavorful, came from local farm. Sampled a Hawaiian beer, which was a nice gesture. Owner drinks wine at the bar and is very chummy with employees and locals. Bad - Blended cheese and waffles was really heavy, would've been better off without an appetizer. Was St. Patrick's Day and wouldn't have minded them serving green ale.
I was very impressed by my experience at Shango. My roommate and I went as a celebratory event, having seen it many times while driving by. Kind of tucked away in the middle of a block on Main St. across from UB South, we didn't really think it would be as good as people said it was. It definitely was. My roommate and I both ordered an items off of their specials lists (which had pretty exotic sounding plates) as well as drinks. The food came out and it was delicious - and had the cajun kick we were craving. As for the service, the waitress had forgotten our appetizer order, and was very quick to apologize, even offering my roommate a free drink to make up for the mistake. I have gone here before for just drinks, and I can say this type of great service is not just a one time phenomenon. The servers are really great. If you are in that area, or craving some classier cajun food, I definitely recommend you give Shango a taste.
Great food. My piece of Buttermilk Chicken could have been bigger, like the ones in the photos, but great nonetheless. Service was not greatest. Took awhile to get checked on and for bill, place not busy at all. I would recommend, but I don't think I'll be going out of my way like I did this time. If I were in the area I would definitely try it again.
This was a really nice surprise next to the university in Buffalo. The food was excellent and you could tell the ingredients were really fresh. I knocked down one star since we were a bit unlucky that day with some of the recommended dishes being unavailable, like the gumbo. Yet this was a perfect experience with excellent food and wine choices.
We had a large party for post-graduation for a Sunday Brunch, and can't wait to come back to try more items on the menu! (We tried to come back for dinner on Monday before leaving town, but they are closed Mondays). Our server knew the menu forward and backward and did not come undone with the  gluten-free needs and limited palates of some of our party. Nearly every brunch item could be re-worked for a gluten-free diet. High points on the brunch menu include the bread basket, the pork belly, and the avocado spring rolls.  All "southern" style entrees were enthusiastically enjoyed by those among us who know this food and judge it vigorously: shrimp and grits, buttermilk chicken and grits, anything with andouille sausage.  The stuffed French toast was stuffed with Brie (who is this genius in the kitchen?) and was delicious. This is the perfect place for a large table, because there are so many alluring choices, and the ability to share is best.   Our service was excellent: unobtrusive and on point. We cannot wait to come back!  Happily, our daughter lives a half-block away.
I have eaten here several times and it is fantastic. They just know what they are doing and they do it well. I do think its hilarious when the restaraunt is empty  and the hostess has to see if there is a table available. Sometimes I go just so I can experience that alone because its so damn funny. Shrimp and grits the best you'll find within 60 miles.
We were in Buffalo in June, and we made this the top of our culinary list during our visit. We were blown away. Great atmosphere. We started at the bar, where they served up some tasty catfish tacos. The wines and entrees were fantastic, and the homemade basil ice cream for dessert blew us away, it was so delicious. I am not sure when we will be back in Buffalo, but when we do, we are definitely going back!
I went for dinner on Saturday night then went there for brunch the next day. I can't remember the last time i did that. A must try in Buffalo...............
I just absolutely love this place. It is so delicious! I have to say it's in a random location on Main street but that shouldn't stop you.  There is outdoor seating and great service from both the bar and waitstaff.  The menu is upscale Louisiana cuisine.  As I have visited Nawlins, I think they are doing a pretty great job in bringing Southern food to B-Lo.  I've had everything from oysters on the half shell here to macaroni and cheese all of it has been simply delicious.  On top of the menu they have an excellent drink selection inclusive of craft beers and fine wines.  I have been there multiple times and will be returning again and again!  Maybe one day I will break down and try the frog legs?! PS Check out this place on restaurant week and they give you a great sampling of their food for an inexpensive price!
Some fellow Yelpers and I recently had lunch at Shango. This was my first time here and I'm hesitant to give a long review because I'd be hard-pressed to say anything that hasn't been said a hundred times before. Shango is fantastic! Everything from the ambiance and service to their food is absolutely top notch. I started off with the a cup of the Chicken And Andouille Sausage Gumbo. Best gumbo I've ever had - by far.  With each bite I felt love.  Flavorful and spicy, it was absolutely delicious. For my entree I had the Shango BLT - smoked bacon, lettuce & fried green tomatoes with a chili sauce. Again, phenomenal. The bacon was crisp, the fried green tomatoes were crunchy and fresh, and the chili sauce provided just the right amount of kick to this delicious sandwich. The multigrain bread was also very good and rounded off this unique BLT nicely.  We were given some complimentary sweet potato waffle fries with honey. These fries were crispy (for sweet potato fries), seasoned well, and drizzled with just the right amount of honey. Service, as I stated earlier, was very good. Throughout our meal my water was consistently filled without asking. The complimentary fries were a very nice touch (thank you!). Our waitress was friendly with a sense of humor and not overbearing. The atmosphere here is elegant without being stuffy. I didn't have any drinks at the bar but it seems like a nice place to enjoy a good beer or cocktail. In summary, Shango is a must for any food lover. The chef here is a wiz at his craft. The food is delicious, service impeccable, and the environment is very pleasant.  This restaurant is perfect for both special occasions and a nice dinner.  5 stars all the way.
Love this place!  Great service from the hostess, bartender and servers.  All were very friendly and professional.  Great beer selection.  I had the black pepper linguini. Every bite was delicious.
Finally I found a restaurant I like in Buffalo! The lively atmosphere is more sophisticated than the rest of the city. It deserves an extra credit for olive oil and olives. They serve the wine out of carafe - nice touch Bread, delicious Avocado spring roll, very good Sauteed Wild Mushrooms over green: awesome Their special Charcuterie with picked fennel, yellow blond beet, house smoked duck ham, bresaola, wild boar sopressata, finocchiona, calabrese capicola - awesome Frog legs: hamburgerized also? So huge, not good - McDonnell's wings tasted better Meat loaf: ok Free range chicken: decent Pecan pie: very good .. Our waiter Ted knows his craft and carries himself really well. He won't look out of place as a Fortune 500 executive.
Have been here for dinner a few times and have never had an unpleasant experience. So far, we've tried the gumbo, rabbit, and blackened salmon- all were amazing. Plus they serve my favorite beer Abita Purple Haze. I recommend this place to anyone in Buffalo who is looking for something different.
Went in recently for dinner with a friend and got the duck special which I loved. The waitress was cool and the menu seemed adequate but the place got a bit loud which I notice happens when restaurants serve alcohol and they try to cram in as many tables as possible. We ended up having a couple sit next to us about a third of the way into our meal and the guy was fucking LOUD. So loud in fact that I had to turn away from him to help lessen the volume of his voice that was accosting my ears. If I didn't know better, I'd think he was deliberately being loud. I'd say they could do with one or two less tables and I kind of prefer other restaurants to this one not being a huge fan of the NOLA style food they serve.
Have been here for dinner a few times and have never had an unpleasant experience. So far, we've tried the gumbo, rabbit, and blackened salmon- all were amazing. Plus they serve my favorite beer Abita Purple Haze. I recommend this place to anyone in Buffalo who is looking for something different.
I've had brunch here twice and both times it was fantastic. Today I ordered the lobster cakes and my boyfriend ordered the sweet potato pancakes, both of which were delicious. And the bellini was the perfect brunch drink! I would highly recommend to anyone who loves brunch with a twist.
My friend had been meaning to stop by Shango for the longest time and we finally stopped by tonight! They were closing in twenty minutes when we arrived (we felt bad) but the waitress was excellent, very accommodating and was extremely attentive. We ordered their special appetizer which was a crispy oyster and shared two entrees: the black pepper linguini with cognac sauce and the bouillabaisse. The linguini was amazing. The cognac sauce made the dish-rich but not too thick. Portion was large and great pasta to seafood proportion. The bouillabaisse was also excellent, very flavorful, full of soul and bold flavors. Definitely need to come back and try other amazing things!
Stumbled on this place a few years back and I have yet to be disappointed. Probably one of the best BEER Menus in the City. My all time favorite - LINDEMANS FRAMBOISE was priced relatively cheap. Smoked Salmon Salad with pickled beets is to die for! The staff is very friendly including our server Chad. Was polite and prompt. They also have a great bar crowd on Fridays. Their BRUNCH is solid. Good for large parties and KIDS too. Give this place a try soon!!
Food was so good tonite (5 stars if service wasn't factored in) for restaurant week BUT impaired by such bad service. Good salads; great bread; very good entrees of tuna and penne seafood. BUT Snippy waitress, Jamie. Very rushed. Beer, apps, salad came all at once practically. Never asked if we wanted wine with meal. Never asked if we wanted 2nd beer until way late. Brought desserts (which we'd had to preorder) without offering coffee.
Excellent food and service is to be expected here! It's been a long time since I had a nice Cajun meal. If you looking for Cajun cuisine or just good food, this is a great spot to try. And once you try it, you will be back. All of the dishes have a nice blend of Cajun spice and flavor. The menu has so many great things on it that it can be hard to decide on just one to get. To start we ordered the calamari. It was season with black pepper and Cajun spices and came with a dipping side of red chili aioli which enhanced the flavors. It took some time to decide on an entree, but I finally settled on on the blackened catfish po boy sandwich with sweet potato fries. It had just the right amount of spice where it was spicy but bearable. The sweet potato fries were off the cook. Nice and warm and drizzle with honey...a delicious must have if you visit here. We were so full but still ordered the vanilla lavender creme brûlée. Classic creme brûlée with a hint of lavender and vanilla. The service here was also excellent. The restaurant  was fairly busy for a Friday and yet our server was very attentive and timely with everything. The whole experience here was awesome and we had such a great time that we were taking about coming back soon. This is a must try restaurant if you haven't been here yet!
Shango's is wonderful.  It is a treat for us because it's a little out of our budget, but come anniversary time, this is where I want to go.  Even during restaurant week these guys shine.  I can't remember the names of the dishes that I had there but they were all wonderful.  I would try anything on their menu.   Extra star will be giving for fixing up the build structure.
Absolutely delicious brunch menu. Who doesn't want a Cajun style brunch??? I loved their fried oysters. The atmosphere is great for an my occasion here. Whether it's a date night, taking your folks out for a meal, this is a nice and friendly place.
I went to Shango for dinner and was very impressed with the flavor profiles of the meal. The wine and beer selection is superb (had a Unibroue) and the service was great. The atmosphere is warm and energetic, darker lighting, romantic but upbeat. I will definitely be back to try different entrees and to try the Avocado Roll.
This restaurant was a surprise. The outside facade is not very inviting but the inside was  an experience. The bar area is fun, the decor reminded us of New Orleans. The best part was the food. Excellent! We tried the lobster cakes, the oysters, pork, steak , penne with seafood and the seafood broth like soup. All these dishes were very well seasoned and plated. The service was perfect and allowed our group to enjoy the meal and linger during dessert. We will definitely visit this restaurant again.
Solid meal and service. There were four of us dining-- everyone was either happy or REALLY happy with their meal. The appetizers were not awesome, but the rest of the meal made up for it. We had the avocado spring rolls and the pork belly. The pork belly flavors were stellar, I think if the cut of meat was better the dish would have been vastly improved. For entrees we had the hanger steak, buttermilk chicken, meatloaf and braised short ribs. I sampled all of the dishes, they were all great, but the buttermilk chicken dish was really surprisingly good. The whole dish really worked. For desert we had the bananas foster-- excellent. It is a huge serving though and you could definitely split it between a few people. (if you even have room for desert after the meals!) Beer selection was nice. This meal was a gift to my father in law-- we had to go a little out of our way into the city from the suburbs. Went based on Yelp reviews and were not disappointed. Glad the in-laws were impressed.
Used to like this place but after going recently and being seated in a desolate back room, I won't be returning. If you make a reservation for a medium-sized (not large) group, and you don't ask for a private room, you should either be seated in the main dining area or be given a choice of same OR the private room. I had reserved a table at Shango purposefully to have the ambiance in the back ground. Ambiance, there was none in the back room, which was starkly lit and claustrophobic (a huge round table shoved into a small space). Didn't like the cream sauce on the pasta, and the bananas foster was merely OK. Good wine list.
Myself and My Family have been to this fine restaurant many times.  We have never been disappointed.  Their specials are always special.  On one of our visits our Waiter informed Us that one of the specials was a Pork Shank done in a Birch Beer Reduction.  It sounded very intriguing and it was delicious. This restaurant is one of the jewels in the University District.
I'll admit it, my review is 100% biased.  I am a regular and good friends with the owners.  The food is generally cajun/bistro style.  9 out of 10 times I order the blackened tuna, rare, "Kelly style" (spinach instead of sweet potato fries).  The staff is an utter delight, and it's a fabulous place to kick back and enjoy a bottle of wine at the bar (especially when Stacy's around, ha ha ha ha).  I consistently recommend 2 restaurants in Buffy--Shango for almost all meals and Tempo for when you want a bit of a blowout.   The most varied wine list in the Buffy, by the glass and by the bottle.  You may not recognize the bottles (frex, no pinot grigio), but the staff is very knowledgable and always has a recommendation.
One of the best restaurants anywhere! Not just in Buffalo. They do amazing brunch and dinner. Here's some of the more memorable dishes: Chicken and Waffles. How about Rabbit and Waffles? Savory waffles with large piece of fried succulent rabbit. it's the best damn rabbit I ever tasted. I normally avoid those rascally wabbits because they always come out bone dry and taste like overdone chicken. But I was pleasantly surprised by the moist tender meat. Halibut Cheeks anyone? I didn't know what to expect but you can't go wrong with fish cheeks. And it was awesome. They were large tender nuggets of meat. And it was kind of stringy but in a good way. Very interesting and delicious.
How exactly have I not written a review for Shango's yet? I've been here a good amount of times and the food is excellent! I feel like the best times is during Restaurant Week - it seems like all the food is stepped up and delicious. I highly recommend the steak with the special Shango's sauce because it is soooo velvety and delicious! The blackened catfish on the restaurant week menu this week is also SO good. I also recommend any bread pudding that they make - they have somehow perfected whatever they put into the bread pudding. I must steal that recipe one day - I'll dress up as a server and just go rummaging in the back! :D The best bread pudding was the banana chocolate chip pudding..... Oh yes. The soups that they had were super good too - one of them was corn something and the new one is southern greens and beans soup. Where do they come up with such deliciousness? I've been here quite a few times for their regular menu too. Haven't made the best choices, but it was ok. The avocado spring rolls, frog legs, calamari, and gumbo were ok, but their catfish tacos were gooddd! The only thing I didn't really like was the creole bouillabaisse and the blackened steak po boy was meh. But that doesn't stop me from coming! I'm on a mission to try everything on their menu! :D Oh! And Thursday's from 5-7 pm - they have 1/2 off appetizers if you sit at the bar area. Hollaa!
Comfort food at its finest -- in all senses of the word. I've been for both brunch and dinner at Shango, and I have to say, its rendition of Creole-by-way-of-Buffalo cuisine is one of the best things I've tried in town. Everything on the menu looks good. Of course, how could it not, when it's all perfectly poached eggs and house-made sausage and creamy cheese? (Okay, okay, vegans. I understand. But you can go to Amy's Place or Kung Food, right next door. I'll stay here and work on my future heart attack.) I also love that the restaurant itself is beautifully and simply appointed, complementing but never detracting or distracting from the dining experience. They may put catfish on the menu, but there's no silly N'Awlins schwag on the walls. Because of this, I'd stack Shango up against its peers in the fine dining world, rather than casual spots that might also serve NOLA-inspired cuisine. If you like Seabar or Tempo, you'll like Shango instinctively. That said, if you or your dining companions usually prefer lower-key places and larger portions, places where it's okay to throw peanuts on the floor -- you may still like Shango. It's a great place for picky parents and other trepidatious eaters to check out a menu that's fun, but still familiar. Mac 'n' cheese? Fluffy biscuits and eggs over easy? Done and done. While I think Shango makes for a great dinner date spot, I really enjoyed my most recent visit, at 11am on a Sunday for brunch. No reservations needed for that early in the morning (though I'd recommend them for anytime after noon). It was sunny inside, quiet and calm, with the option to sit inside or outside. The servers appeared to be in a great mood (though they seem to be consistently friendly and excellent). Mimosas were on tap, and the coffee was plentiful and good. It felt like a sweet spot for Shango, and I'll be returning for that many times, I'm sure. (Especially since they have a great semi-private table in the back, perfect for special occasions and big group brunches.) A few things could make Shango even better. First, the addition of more greens to the scene. I loved the look of several of the dishes last time, but if it's all carbs and meat, I know I'm going to feel a little bereft afterwards. How 'bout a few fiddleheads or collard greens? Second, chicory coffee. I mean, if we're going with a Southern-inspired theme here, why not go all the way?
I can't believe I'm updating so soon but life is funny like that once in a while. Basic rundown - my brother paid me off to evacuate the premises so he could entertain someone at the apartment.  Taking his hard earned money, I went to Shango alone for dinner last night (Friday, 8pm).  No rez, no problem - with a smile I asked the hostess if I could please be seated in the dining room, and away I went with no problems.  The dining room was effectively full and I think I got a bit lucky because of the snow storm earlier in the evening. My choices came from the specials menu for the evening. Drink for the evening was La Fin Du Monde. I started with the steamed mussels and crawfish in a white wine broth w/creole mustard ($9).  This was fantastic and delicious, although to be sure crawfish is not everybody's idea of a good time.  This really is a two-person appetizer at least - if you see it again and you happen to be flying solo like I was, keep in mind that it is a lot of food for a starter. Entree was a massive bone-in ribeye, medium rare, served on a bed of spinach, cherry tomatoes and potato w/blue cheese butter ($31).  The servers seemed to enjoy seeing this dish come out, and it was a fabulous cut.  All natural, charred, juicy - it was everything I ever ask for when I order protein.  Again, portion size was generous and I gave up after about halfway - I wanted to try the sorbet duo I saw during brunch the previous Sunday. The sorbet was fantastic ($6) - it makes me more determined to make this stuff at home, particularly out of alcoholic beverages. One half peachy rieseling, another half some type of red wine, served in a frozen cocktail glass with a strawberry and a small pepperkaker.  If you are looking for a light dessert at Shango, I really would recommend you try this. A word about the service - thank you, thank you, thank you Shango. It appeared (at least to me, anyway) that I was getting a little extra attention.  Not sure why - maybe it is because whenever I eat alone I dress up a little - maybe they took pity on me, hehe.  One of them even asked what book I had with me. In any case, the ladies at Shango were very good to me, a guy eating alone on Friday. I'm so happy that I decided to sit in the dining room rather than at the bar last night! Overall - dynamite food, louder than brunch (to be expected) and I will be back yet again to try more of the menu.  All told, including bread pudding to go for my brother, was $85 including gratuity.  Keep in mind - you really don't need  super deep pockets to eat here.  I'm not a big eater and went balls out - the only way I could have spent more money is to have ordered a bottle of wine. Next time I want to come down after work and sit at the bar with a Southern Tier and a po' boy w/sweet potato fries. Mmm. Thanks again Jay - I hope the payoff was worth it!
Great wine list & very good service.  Highly recommend.
Great place, great food, great service and one of the best (and most reasonable) Wine List in Western New York!!!! Highly recommended.
Everyone who has reviewed this so far seems pretty on point. I loved everything about this place. The attention to detail was amazing! They served olives to munch on while we waited instead of bread or something more filling... The presentation of all the food and the taste was great. The manager/owner (?) came out and asked us how everything was.. He even remembered a friend of mine I went with who had only been there a couple times before. Also, the TEA IS LOOSE LEAF!! As a tea fan, I find this a completely irresistible addition to the otherwise creole style restaurant.. I don't think there is any place else in Buffalo you can get loose leaf style tea to drink that does not specialize in tea. As a nod to the amazing service, I thought it was awesome when a friend and I decided to share an entree and they split it into two dishes for us so we didn't even have to split it up ourselves! I can't wait to go back.
If you're looking for a class act brunch stop, Shango is the way to go! Their menu is much more unique than other brunch spots in the city, guaranteeing a truly memorable experience. Ever hear of chicken and waffles? Well, at Shango you can enjoy an upscale version of this soul food staple. The chicken was tender and well-seasoned which complimented the sweetness of the waffle and berry compote. Friends had the green eggs and ham (Sam I am!) which were also tasty and full of pesto flavor. Check this place out for your next brunch gathering at you will NOT be sorry! OH and don't forget the Bellini's :)
So, late last week, I took to the Yelp forum to garner opinion from my fellow Yelpers regarding brunch and where to go.  I've done Cole's, Cecelia's, Trattoria Aroma, Betty's and the other usual suspects of a good Sunday brunch, so I was looking for something different.  The response was overwhelming and Shango got the nod.   First impression - disappointment.  They only have beer and wine - which means, no Bloody Mary.  All work and no Bloody Mary makes Nick a very dull boy.  This really brought the experience down.  I'm sorry - but any restaurant that doesn't have the ability to serve alcohol gets a weird look from me.  I learned a long time ago not to trust people who don't consume alcohol - there's just something not right about that.  Call up Universal and Southern and gets some Grey Goose - stat.   Now, I will stop my alcohol rant.   As far as food goes, I applaud you all on your suggestion.  Shango's food did not disappoint.  I ordered a dish that consisted of red beans and rice, Andouille sausage, a piece of tenderloin and poached egg on top.  The description on the menu listed the ingredients, but didn't really explain what it was.  I asked my server, Patrick to elaborate - he had said this was one of his favorite dishes on the brunch menu because it was filling.  Patrick - if you're out there, I tip my hat.  It was awesome and the meat was cooked perfectly mid-rare.   Just as a side note, one of the things that I tend to notice about restaurants is the small details.  Rarely do you see a place that serves coffee in a cup and saucer anymore.  Usually, its just a standard mug.  Just thought I'd note that I took notice of this nostalgic table setting and I enjoyed it.
I am currently at a conference in Buffalo, New York and went here last night with a large group and absolutely loved this place! They have a fantastic wine list (just a bit overpriced) and their food is delicious.  We shared many appetizers including the quesadilla (delish!), the avocado spring rolls (love avocado!), and a salad that was quite delicious.  My coworkers also loved the gumbo. To top it off, I had a delicious meal: The black pepper linguine with a generous portion of seafood (the scallops were cooked just right - which is difficult to do!) and a delicious lobster tail!  The flavors were absolutely fantastic and the sauce was not too creamy! The ambiance is fantastic for groups, a romantic date, or close friends. I am a fan and want this place to relocate to San Diego! My only complaint? They didn't have sweet tea!
*Brunch Review* I haven't been here for dinner just yet (can't wait!), but the brunch here was absolutely incredible. I loved everything: the decor, service and food was amazing and exceeded my expectations. This is an excellent place for a date, casual business meeting or just a day out with some friends. I ordered the New Orleans barbeque jumbo shrimp, bacon cheddar grits with poached eggs. It came with one huge shrimp and two poached eggs alongside the grits. The portion was enough to fill me up, but definitely don't expect something gluttonously huge. I can't wait to try their Alligator dish as well! Rumor has it that for Mardi Gras, Shango Bistro's menu changes a little bit with the addition of an Alligator appetizer (and maybe some turtle soup as well?!). I'm absolutely crazy for alligator and having a place where I can find it in Buffalo, at least once a year makes this place this much more special.
Arguably, my favorite restaurant in all of Western New York. This is the kind of place I get excited for DAYS before my visit.  It's THAT good. I cannot think of one thing that Shango could possibly improve on.   The wine list is awesome.  Appetizers, entrees, desserts, atmosphere, staff, decor, everything is 5 stars in my opinion. You'll love the gumbo.  You'll love the mac and cheese entree.  You'll love the sweet potato fries.  In fact, if you're visiting Shango for the first time, order all three.  You'll even walk out with a decent lunch for the next day! Thank me later
Visited Shango again last night for a birthday dinner... delicious as always! First we stopped at the bar for a happy hour drink-or-2, the bartender Dan was great as always. The restaurant was nice and warm especially considering the terrible weather outside. Our server Ted was both knowledgeable and professional and gave a great beer suggestion to my husband, who thinks he may have found a new favorite (fin du monde).  He had the wild boar (a special) and after starring at the menu for too long I went again with the penne. This time around it was better than I've ever had... slightly sweeter somehow, which really highlighted the flavors perfectly. We also had the Canadian blue mussels (also a special) and the frog legs (first time we've ever had them).  I don't know what frog legs are really supposed to taste like so I won't really comment, but while the sauce was very tasty and I'm glad we tried them, I don't think we'll be ordering them again... we'll stick with wings! We finished with the pecan pie with rum ice cream (sound like a lot of food? It totally was) which was fantastic. Thanks Shango for a fantastic night!
I'm not sure how I feel about my trip to Shango. Everyone has been giving this place rave reviews and maybe I went on an off day. I took a friend here for his birthday dinner because its probably the one place he hasnt been for dinner. The night started off with a little wine and I had the Abita Turbo Dog beer which is my favorite beer so I was pretty happy they had some LA beers available. For the appetizer we split some East Coast Oysters, lobster cake, and frog legs! I know eeek! I never thought I would try this but YOLO, right? The oysters were good and cleaned pretty well. The lobster cake had a very nice spice to it and had a wonderful sauce that went with it. The frog legs... they were tough and very very crispy, I honestly didnt know what to expect, but they were ok. I probably wouldn't order them again. For the main event I tried the black pepper pasta that had lobster and scallops. I LOVE PEPPER, but unfortunately this did not have enough black pepper for me, bur the seafood was all cooked to perfection and the alfredo was delicious. My other dinner partners had some Mac n Cheese which was pretty good and the lamb pork special which had a banging BBQ sauce on it. All-in-all this place had the good vibe you want from a restaurant when you walk in. The staff there was pretty friendly and the service was pretty spot on. I definitely would go back and try other menu items before I give Shango my final stamp of approval.
I was in the area and came in to see why folks luv this place!    They have an Amazing selection.  If you can't decide then just order a few apps!
Came through here on a 17 hour drive from north of Toronto down to Columbus, OH.  The line to get into the US stretched all the way across the Peace Bridge, so we turned back to Niagara Falls and headed back down to Buffalo around dinner time.  I checked Yelp for a good Buffalo restaurant, and Shango it was. Typical Yelp;  this place was amazing.  One of the best restaurants I have ever been to.  Terrific place for a date, I got Meatloaf and my girlfriend got Mac and Cheese.  Both were delicious.  I love that you can get Mac and Cheese as a $17 meal.   There was a nice beer selection, and a terrific wine list.   The staff was also very friendly and helpful.   We had no problem getting a seat at 8 on a Saturday.   The area of Buffalo is very nice as well.
My bf brought me here for my birthday and it was phenomenal. The service was awesome - friendly, knowledgeable, prompt and *cough* nice to look at. The ambiance is great. Upscale but very comfortable, low lit with candles on the table, a very intimate and romantic setting. Very swank looking bar area as well. The food was excellent. We were provided with a basket of various house-made complimentary starches and seasoned dipping oil. For dinner, I had bouillabaisse - it was loaded with seafood and veggies in a spicy, savory tomato based broth. My bf had the famous house mac'n'cheese - multiple types of gourmet cheese blended with hearty pasta, topped with a panko breading. I rounded things off with an excellent slice of their bourbon pecan pie - SO gluttonously good. Everything on the menu sounded tasty (it's upscale Cajun food and has a very authentic flavor but with some contemporary twists); prices were reasonable for the quality and portion size. I got two meals out of my entrée, and I easily would have gotten two out of my bf's (he's 6'3" so he finished but was quite full). Wine prices were average and the Riesling I had was excellent. This place is very busy so make reservations. Also, very limited parking, but don't be afraid to park behind Queen City Books (turn right at Windspear if you are heading south from Shango) or at UB and walk. It's a pretty calm area.
Great service and atmosphere, evening when dining alone tonight. I loved the $20.13 menu and opted to upgrade ($10) to the 8oz perfectly cooked filet with the most delicious local veggies (wanted more veggies than potatos!). Will definitely come back to try other menu items :-).
Went there the first time during my business trip and I loved everything about this restaurant from very friendly and knowledgeable staff to comfortable atmosphere to live New Orleans jazz. And did I mention how amazing their Cajun food was? It was amazingly tasty and the highlight of the night for me. I ordered Black Pepper linguine with Lobster, scallops, wild mushrooms, arugula in a creamy sauce and jambalaya as a side order to go with dark beer. The creamy sauce was so good that I dipped it with leftover bread. Everything was fresh and cooked to perfection. I regret that I did not try their appetizers or homemade desserts. This place is on my list to revisit when I have a chance to return to Buffalo. Overall, I had a wonderful experience at Shango. So for a total package...great music + fantastic food + cool atmosphere + superb service = 5 stars (obviously).
Before I go on I must say that I wish I was the kind of person who liked interesting food.  I even wish I was the kind of person who WOULD TRY interesting food.  Maybe I shouldn't even go to places with that kind of stuff because I know I'm not going to appreciate it.  I'm not going to order turtle soup or oysters or mussels or crayfish.  Fish-sticks and tater-tots are more my kinda thing.  Hey, I'm being honest here. I ate at "Shango" tonight with my Book Club.  We chose the place because the book we read ("A Confederacy of Dunces"...FANTASTIC book, by the way) takes place in New Orleans and we wanted our experience and discussion to feel authentic. I was very nervous as I looked over the menu.  I could have played it safe and gotten the macaroni and cheese which I know I would have loved... but I wanted to be cool and eat fancy stuff so I ordered the Blackened Catfish Po-Boy.  And you know what...it's really a sub.  I liked the spicy coating on the fish.  And, the fish was nice and white and tender.  But (and I don't know how it's SUPPOSED to be), I would have toasted the roll a bit because the whole thing was kind of soggy.  Tasty, but soggy.  The creole mustard slaw was FANTASTIC and the sweet potato fries were THE BEST I've ever had.  And, the serving was quite large.  I brought half of my sandwich home to give to someone who would really appreciate it. There's a WONDERFUL wine list and the dessert menu looked terrific.  Those things I know.  Maybe next time I'll stick with a couple of glasses of wine and Bananas Foster.  Now THAT'S something I know I can appreciate!
Tried Shango based on these fantastic Yelp reviews and I'm happy to say it lived up to the hype. Went for happy hour and tried out the white sangria which was exactly what I was looking for on a warm summer day- refreshing and not too sweet. I had 2. Got a fried oyster po boy for dinner and it was HUGE. I could only eat half the sandwich but it was delicious. They certainly don't skimp on the oysters in it either! There had to have been 16 or so on there! My sammich came with sweet potato fries which were very delicious and drizzled in honey. NOM. I then shared a molten chocolate cupcake for dessert. Gooey, warm, and delicious. Service was a little slow especially considering the restaurant was pretty empty but our waitress was very nice. Other than that, everything was very enjoyable. I can't wait to try this place out for brunch which I've heard is amazing. So happy this place is walking distance from my house! FYI- happy hour is 5-7:30 on weekdays and they have $3 drafts and $4 wine.
First off, I want to say the food was good, very good even.  My dissatisfaction lies with the service.  When a restaurant sets a price point for entrees ranging  $16-$30 with the median being $25 or so, I expect a certain level of service to come with the price. There were several incidents where my wife and I received service at a lower level than those around us.  Was it bad luck? Was it because we are in our late 20s and may look like the college students that reside near Shango? Something else?  Whatever it was the service was rude and dismissive at worst and incompetent at best. I'd go again, but not for a long time.
Great place for a nice dinner.   I've been twice during the week for business dinner.  Both times were great.  Good mix of people and great food. Make sure to listen to the specials, they have made it very hard to order.   If they have the stuffed pepper, you must order it.  It's delicious.
We started with shared cups of gumbo, and although I'm not a gumbo-connaisseur, I thought it was excellent. Two of us ordered the black linguine with lobster, etc, and again, it was very good - I liked the sauce a lot. One of us (me!) ordered the bouillabaisse - tender, also good sauce....I would definitely order it again. The one food complaint was the buttermilk fried chicken, which had too much fried coating on it and was nothing special. The bill for four of us was $200 before tip, which included two bottles of wine..... Other reviews have mentioned poor service - this was not true in our case, as the waitress was attentive and accurate with our orders.
Don't be deceived by the somewhat sketchy-looking exterior - this place is a gem. I only vaguely remember that service was good, and the decor was nice, because a bunch of my brain cells melted away as the catfish in my catfish po'boy melted in my mouth. I also vaguely remember thinking that it was an expensive restaurant for Buffalo, but reasonable compared to DC, and probably better than anything I had there.
I agree with most of what has been said here concerning the physical structure. I believe that in a previous life I used to come here for some fare or another. Then it was a rundown old building typical of an aging neighborhood. Having said this they have done a remarkable job of remodeling and providing a warm, intimate setting. An eclectic mix of old and reused blended into a comfortable setting. My brain, my eye, my palate, and stomach were all ready for a superb gastronomical adventure. But my butt. I had my back to everything but my dinner partner and the track for the roll up garage door. Sorry my fellow reviewers but I expect more than a wooden straight back chair with my $30.00 steak. Ambiance would not cushion my chair. To our waiter. He was prompt, informed, friendly, but a bit lacking when thrown a curve ball. I had the feeling that he thought everything was just perfect and any suggestion to modify a dish bordered on insanity. To the food, our reason for being there. My wife opted for the penne pasta with shrimp in a Cajun cream sauce. She loved the shrimp, best she has ever had, and scallops but the andouille sausage had too much kick for her. The shrimp had about half of the shell still on it. She was reluctant to dive into the cream sauce to remove the shell. Couldn't waste the shrimp, they were too good, she dove in. Seriously, we have never run into this before. I enjoyed a steak an off the menu special.  The wizard they have in the kitchen grilled it to perfection and placed it on a bed of roasted veggies. Potatoes grilled with onions and pressed into a crunchy, tasty, piece of heaven accompanied the steak. Wonderful. Enough said. Dinner for two, a couple of cocktails for less than a hundred bucks ... A winner!
Shango might be my favorite restaurant in Buffalo.  Every time I go the service is wonderful and the food is even better.  Everything is always cooked to perfection and filled with flavor.  The Creole Meatloaf is excellent and so are their pork chops.   It's a great place to take a date or to get a couple of drinks after work.  Being in the University Heights, I bet that Shango is often overlooked by a lot of restaurant-goers because it's not the first neighborhood that comes to mind when looking for a nice restaurant.  It's absolutely worth a special trip though, no matter where you live.
Awesome wine and beer selection.  Not a full bar, rumored because of it's proximity to St. Joseph's church (but Third Base is, and just two doors down).  They have a few draft beers, always changing, and a great bottle selection.   The food is also pretty good.  There is better food in Buffalo, but, this offers the best New Orleans style food, and is a pretty good value.  Apps $5-10, Entree $14-30.  The oyster po-boy, gumbo, and a nice draft beer is my choice when I go to Shango.   The ambience is very cool.  It seems like the dining room used to be a garage (complete with an operating garage door).  My only complaint is the booths.  They are the most uncomfortable booths I've been in.  Hard, perfectly upright, with a narrow seat.  They do look nice (as you can see from the attached pictures).  The staff is very friendly, and the bar scene is small, but very cool.
This is one of the best restaurants in Buffalo, hands down. Their gumbo was so good that it inspired me to cook my own when I started craving it at 6 in the morning (not as good as theirs, but I think we've almost got the recipe down--how do they make it so beautifully DARK and smouldery looking??). Depending on what you order, it can be a little pricey, but there are also simpler items on the menu in the 12 dollar range rather than the 20 dollar range, if you are slightly strapped for cash. This is definitely a favorite for date nights, although I do appreciate the warm flavors so much more during the winter. Even so, this spot is highly recommended to all of my friends when they are looking for a new place to try.
I've been coming here since I moved to the Buffalo area. They have the best brunch in Buffalo hands down!  If you happen to go in there for brunch - try their special Bellini.  Be it Apricot, Pear, Apple or something else - they infuse it themselves. Also, the French Toast stuffed with Brie is just something you have to try once in a lifetime. Delicious!  I love going there for dinner as well, just wish they had the Ahi Tuna on the menu still.  However, their Gumbo paired with the Bouillabaisse, Black Linguine or Penne is spectacular if your a seafood girl like me. Growing up right next to the ocean ruins you!  You become a seafood snob & Shango fits the bill. Love Shango.
I've eaten at Shango twice and have not been disappointed. Their menu seems to rotate pretty frequently, which saddened me on my second visit but turned out for the best, as it forced me not to order the same thing and try something new. The quesadilla appetizer was to die for, and the calamari was fried just right. I've had or at least tried a few of their entrees, all of which were wonderful. The only dessert I've had here is the bananas foster and it's delicious. Plan on sharing, because it's massive. The atmosphere is wonderful, very cozy and intimate. The wait staff is excellent, which is key to a good dining experience. I'm a big fan of eating food from many different cultures, so I'm glad Buffalo has this place!
The chicken and sausage gumbo ranks in my favorite menu items of all time.  Loved my creole meatloaf, and the pork chop was possibly the best I've ever eaten.  The banana's foster is an outstanding way to end the meal, despite not being served in the most authentic manner.   Atmosphere is elegant and fun, and service and food quality more than justifies relatively high prices for Buffalo-area. My favorite restaurant in the city.
I've been 3 times.  One was great - amazing.  Fried chicken, mac and cheese, greens - all the southern specialties.  Beer and wine selections are very good also.  The olives and jardiniere as an amuse-bouche were treated by appetizers by my wife and me, ordering seconds and gobbling down both servings. The second and third times we went, I tried the more refined (cajun?  creole?) entrees.  Bouillabaisse.  Oysters.  Eh.  The bbaisse was not good - broth tasted like tomato soup and fish was overdone.  Fried oysters were over breaded and crusty. I would go again, but would be apt stick with the chicken and mac and cheese.  Its just that good and I hate to be disappointed with a meal, as I don't eat out as much as I used to.  Sounds like i need to try brunch from the other reviews. The chef Jim Guarino is a huge supporter of local foods and I want to support him, but the consistency needs to improve until I bring more guests there.
Life is good when you can have dinner with your daughter who lives across the country..  Life is even better when that dinner happens at Shango. Back in my hometown for a wedding, I poked around Yelp for new ideas and found this gem. Deep fried pickles for an appetizer and linguini with lobster & scallops were very satisfying.  Splitting the generous Bananas Foster dessert capped off an outstanding dinner. Next trip I think I'll try the mac n cheese...... Don't tell my doctor.
It's almost been three years since I moved away from Buffalo.   I miss my friends, I miss the Sabres, and my god I miss Shango. I'm always up for trying one of their appetizer specials, but when nothing jumps out at me, their calamari is always delicious.  Crispy, peppery, and tender on the inside, it's good with just a squeeze of lemon.  Sometimes, though, I'll have to go for the gumbo....  it's so intense and so delicious.  Have it with a nice, dry brown ale and you'll be pleased as punch. I tend to stick to the same entree dishes -- cajun meatloaf or fried chicken, and an order of sweet potato fries to share.  My favorite, though, is the cajun cream penne, which delivers every time.  The smokiness of the sausage brings out the sweetness of the seafood, and the cream sauce is rich without being too heavy.   Save room for dessert, because their chocolate lava cake makes you want to cry, it's so good.  It takes 20 minutes or so to prepare, though, which actually helps you digest your meal for a bit, enjoy some drinks, then you're rewarded with a melty, chocolatey, gooey, happy, tasty treat.   The only thing I don't like about this place is the church-pew-like seats they have in the dining area, which can make you feel cramped and it's really hard to get in and out of when you want to enjoy a slow, long meal.  When I call for reservations, I always ask for the table in the "nook" which has normal chairs and more space, or if I'm going with a big group, I ask for the back room with the big round table.  Most of the time, though, I just sit at the bar and chitchat with the bartender while I enjoy my meal. I had practically every special dinner there while I lived in Buffalo.  Birthdays, anniversaries, even my farewell dinner with my closest friends.  I still go back every time I am in town.
Had a great brunch. Shrimp cakes with eggs, smoked salmon Benedict, and sausage made in house over cheddar biscuits and eggs-- all really good.   Place has a nice vibe not rushed just what we needed on a gloomy Sunday .  Cannot wait to try it again when the patio is open.
A friend wanted to go out to dinner for "local restaurant week" and after endless imessages back and forth, we finally settled on Shango.  Spontaneously, we didn't make a reservation because we weren't exactly sure what time we would arrive.  This was pretty risky being restaurant week, but it was only Monday, so I kept my fingers crossed on the drive there.  I arrived first and was greeted by the host.  He told me that we can wait for a table in the bar/lounge area, which was a 15 minute wait.  Or, he suggested a table in the dining room, an approximate 30 minute wait.  Indifferent, I told him to just let me know whichever arose first.   I headed to the bar (luckily there were still open seats) to get a cocktail and abruptly scroll through instagram until my friend arrived.  It was 7:00pm and the amiable bartender elucidated the $4 wine selections available for happy hour. Graciously I opted for a glass of the Malbec.  Shortly after my friend arrived and took an open seat next to me.  Almost immediately after, the host came up to us to tell us there was a table available directly behind us at the bar.  We were comfortable and just started chatting so we told him we would wait for a table in the dining room. Within a reasonable time frame the host was back and sat us in the dining room.  We had to select from the prixe fix dinner options.  For $20.13 you had your choice of soup or salad, 4 dinner entrees, and 2 dessert options.  To start, I chose the mixed greens salad.  The salad came out with crumbled blue cheese, diced apples, onion, walnuts, and a vinaigrette dressing.  It actually tasted better than I expected.  For my entrée, I chose the Penne pasta with Sauteed Shrimp, Scallops & Andouille Sausage in a Cajun cream sauce.  The dish had a decent amount of heat and spice to it; however I particularly would have liked a bit more. The shrimp and scallops were tasty.  I normally don't eat scallops and I was impressed.  The andouille sausage was chopped up too small.  It was the same size as the chopped peppers accompanying in the dish.  I would have liked larger pieces (comparable to the size of the shrimp and scallops) to be able to enjoy the flavor more. The Cajun cream sauce very flavorable and made the dish extremely appetizing.  By the time my dessert came out, a Chocolate Toffee Bread Pudding with Salted Caramel Ice Cream on top, I was already way too stuffed.  I meekly tasted the ice cream but that was it.   Overall between the two of us we were both satisfied with our meals and the service.  There was a little mix up when we received our bill from the waiter - it showed that it was already paid with a visa and there was a zero balance.  Perplexed, we confronted the waiter.  Very quickly he rushed away and returned showing our new total of $60 something.  It was strange, but whatever.
Went for the first time last night during restaurant week and will certainly be back again! Both of us got the restaurant week special. I started off with the salad and my fiance got the corn chowder which was soo good. My fiance got penne pasta with shrimp in a chile cream sauce- the shrimp was cooked perfectly and the sauce had a nice flavor. I got a flat iron steak with mashed sweet potatoes and green beans. They even cooked my steak very rare just how I like it! My favorite thing was the restaurant week wine bottle specials- we also enjoyed a bottle of wine. For dessert I got an apple pear tart with vanilla ice cream- the crust was a little sandy and there was a bit too much cinnamon but still tasty. My fiance got the banana chocolate chip bread pudding which was really, really good. The service was excellent! We always felt as though we were being taken care of but they never rushed us through any of our courses. I can't wait to go back!
Took the wife here for her Birthday yesterday, turned out great. Food, Atmosphere, Service is all top notch. Started off the meal with Otter Creek 20th Anniversary Ale and got a Dogfish Head Pangaea for the wife. Both excellent beers and  to me says a lot about what kind of beers this place has on tap. Next we had the Charcuterie plate. Some Duck, Beef, and Ham cured to amaze. For dinner my wife got the mac and cheese while I got the Bouillabaisse. Both were super tasty and good proportion size. We switched plates half way through. Everything basically melted in my mouth for the Bouillabaisse. All in all not the cheapest eats for a Buffalo place, but some of the best.
Since moving from Buffalo 5 yrs ago, I was not aware this restaurant even existed..... until I read the reviews on Yelp. Always up for trying something different, I called for reservations - even though it was a Monday evening. The staff was extremely welcoming, and agreeable to all of our requests. We enjoyed a glass of wine at the front of the restaurant, and lounged on the comfy chairs while waiting for the rest of our party to arrive.   Having two children in our group (8 and 9 yrs old), the staff was more than welcoming, and seated us in our own private room. They prepared a few "shirly cocktails" (the boys version of shirly temple/kiddie cocktails), and had no problem with splitting entrees into smaller portions for the kids to share. Delish food. Can't say I've been to New Orleans, but would be willing to make the trip for food like this.  Tasted the mac n cheese - delish. Soup of the day was an amazing, creamy and slightly spicy butternut squash. Dad loved the salmon entree, mom thought the black pepper linguini was out of this world, and I savored the delicate flavor of the seafood in the creole bouillabaisse. Nice wine list, service was everything that you would expect, nothing more, nothing less. Worth making the trip across town for a flavorful meal.
Stopped here for drinks and appetizers one night and loved it. Wasn't too crowded - nice and quiet.  We ordered a couple different appetizers and they were both great.  Would like to return for dinner soon!
By far my favorite restaurant in Buffalo! I have recommended it to everyone I know. Limited menu but every single option is delicious. Definitely check it out!
What a great little spot on Main.  Warm ambiance, fantastic staff, and a menu interesting enough to make our entree selection difficult. We started with the one perfect cheese and the avocado spring rolls. The cheese was a nice NY semi-soft and didn't disappoint. The rolls however...well they were definitely fried. To the point where you couldn't decipher between the avocado & everything else. Probably set my expectations too high on this plate...I'll pass next time. We had the scotch salmon which had a hearty companion in the risotto. The fish portion was generous and the dish itself got two thumbs up from the wife. Also making an appearance was the creole meatloaf. Good - the consistency & the surprise inside!  Andouille sausage was run through the middle like a support beam. The gravy was also a nice touch. Could be better? - it was touted as being a spicy meatloaf.  Other than the sausage, it was not...and lacked the bam! flavor of Nawlins Desert found us on a cloud of bread pudding & maple bacon ice cream. If you don't like the sound of that...you're dead to me. Beer/Wine selection expansive, creativity apparent, prices very reasonable, parking difficult, overall a satisfied experience w/ 2 happy patrons.
Went here for dinner because of those Buffalo Dining Cards, and it was great. At first, I was very skeptical, with the location so close to South Campus, and a very sketchy exterior...but the inside is pretty and elegant. Loved the dimly-lit rooms with candles. The service was also great! Not too pushy, never felt rushed, and she always kept the water glasses filled. I ordered the mac and cheese with andoille, which was delicious! For some reason, I had a little kid craving for mac and cheese, and this satisfied it completely! My dinner mate ordered the meatloaf, which he loved. I know that I'll be trying the crepes next time (they're calling my name!!)
Had the best meal here that I have had in a long time!! Great job with food and service!! Thanks.
Went there on a Friday night. Had reservations for 730... Glad we made 'em because shango was packed. I was considering getting either the bouillabaisse or the tuna steak. I took our waiters advice and went for the t-steak. It was great. It came sliced on top of a bed of what I believe was lentils, spinach, & chopped sausage. The tuna's edges were seasoned and quickly seared. great texture and a nice sized portion of quality tuna for $23. the kitchen must have been a little backed up because it took about an hour or maybe a little more to be served; our waiter was apologetic and was quick to offer reassurance that steps were being made to have our food out as soon as possible... I always personally appreciate it when restaurants have the courtesy to apologize and give estimates as opposed to letting us stew and wonder if we were forgotten... hah, this place is great; I laughed a bit when I pulled up and saw it was right next to 3rd base... I can't imagine a better night than dinner at shango then flip night at 3rd base.
One of the best restaurants in Buffalo for sure. Delicious and decently unique dishes. Great atmosphere and service. The last time I was there, my steak was pretty tough; not really their fault though, they just got a rough cow. Aside from that, EVERYTHING I've had there was great.
Decent cajun/creole food.   For starters, we had the crispy pork belly.  Awesome.  Not as fatty as a lot of places and cooked to perfection with the right balance of tenderness and crispiness. For entree, I had the black pepper linguine with lobster, scallops and some veggies.  The cognac cream sauce did not have too much flavor and didn't leave much of an impression.   The wine menu was decent and had plenty to chose from by the glass.  (nothing to write home about but enough to keep me afloat on business!)
I've been to Shango a few times after a friends recommendation and I've never had a bad experience. I love the whole cajun/ creole style of cooking. The menu is a bit small and a tad expensive for what they offer although the food is always good. The ambiance is great and it is never really challenging to get a reservation the day of. I would definitely say to check it out if you haven't been.
We have eaten at Shango numerous times as we live close by.  We recently splurged for brunch on a recent Sunday in October.  My husband made reservations, which is always a good idea for Shangos.   The service is always very good to excellent at Shangos, and Sunday was no disappointment.  We love the atmosphere, especially the jazz music.  It's as close to the Palace Cafe in the French Quarter as you'll get in Buffalo.   My husband orderrf the red beans and rice and I ordered the gumbo as appetizers.  Both were flavorful and reminded us of the best of New Orleans.  I had the salmon mash with poached eggs and my husband got his favorite, green eggs and ham.  The poached eggs were done perfectly.   The wine list is the star at Shangos, but we always enjoy the beers.  From Dogfish Head to Abita, they have a microbrew for every one.   My only quibble with Shangos has always been the tiny basket of bread that is given with a meal.  However, they are always happy to bring more.  And you will NEED more to sop up the delicous sauces and gravies.   Parking can be a bit of an issue as it is almost all street parking.  There is a tiny lot west of the restuarant on Main Street.  But the most we have ever had to walk is about a block.  Not a problem as long as there isn't a foot of snow on the ground.
Outstanding value!  Great food, very satisfying.  Clean, good service. Nice atmosphere. Been here multiple times over the years, wish they still served lunch it was a great deal and they had teriffic coffee and pastries as well.   Conveniently located across from UB South, wide range of wines, staff is educated about the wines so if you are unsure just ask for their help!  Small parking lot at the end of the block if you need it, also very convenient to subway.  New Orleans flavor. Most recently, companion and I stopped in after work for dinner without reservation (not sure if they take or not), we were seated quickly, served promptly, food was fantastic, i had fish tacos, generous salad, wine and dessert all for under $30.00 and I think that included my tip! A very enjoyable experience which I compared to a recent visit to another local place which cost just as much, if not more but was not even close to quality in food or service.  Nice place to take someone from out of town.  I believe they have wine only but I might be wrong about this.
I love this restaurant and obviously so many others do because you need a reservation in advance. The only items that haven't excited me were the gumbo and the oysters on the po boy. Everything else has been amazing! The frog legs, gazpacho (special), bananas foster, and brunch are a must!
This place reminds me of NYC! They have amazing NO style food! The pork belly was amazing as well as the Fried chicken dinner! We also go the avocado eggrolls which were very good! They have a lot of seating even on a friday night, the wine selection is descent. I will definitely stop by this place again to order more!
Amazing!!!
Food was excellent!!!!!!!!!! Had the creole meatloaf and my boyfriend had the penne with crawfish, shrimp, and andouille sausage in a Cajun cream sauce. Really, really flavorful, creole food. If it weren't for the terrible service this would be a 5 star restaurant but when it takes 35 mins to see a waiter when it's dead, there's something wrong. If you're in the area, and have time, definitely go!!! The food makes it all worth it in the end!
We go to Shango once or twice a month.  They have 5-6 micro-brews on tap and they change every time we go.  My personal favorites are the steak po-boy and the macaroni and cheese.  They always have fresh mussels and great daily specials that use local farms.  I highly recommend it.
Enjoyed brunch here. Staff is extra friendly. Gumbo is the favorite!
Owners Jim and Marla aren't only the nicest people in the business, they also put out a quality experience every single night. The food is amazing and the wine/beer list is like none other in buffalo.
Top notch brunch, hands down the best in Buffalo.  Excellent bloody mary gets the juices flowing on a Sunday AM.  Sping rolls were awesome, then had the the main course.....Brie stuffed french toast with bananas and caramel sauce, all I can say is WOW.  Even took a slice home and reheated it the next day.  A few more dollars than your average brunch but worth it, go for it.
My boyfriend and I went during restaurant week, and he was tempted away from the restaurant week menu. The food SOUNDS really good-- but when we ate it, there were no sighs of appreciation; it was tasty but not spectacular. He ordered the meatloaf, which was too finely ground and had a weird texture-- I had catfish, which I REALLY enjoyed... But my complaint is the service. We were given attitude about not having a reservation-- I would have gladly found somewhere else to eat if they couldn't accommodate us but we were just giving it a shot. Our waitress, once we had sat down, rushed us between courses and never asked if there was anything she could bring (there was). My dinner came with a dessert and my boyfriend was interested in trying another dessert, but they never offered him one-- never offered us coffee-- it was so strange. Probably the poorest service I have ever encountered at a place trying to be as fancy as to have cloth tablecloths. I would not recommend it to anyone looking for a nice dinner experience, and will not be returning.
*Brunch Review* I can't remember my first visit too well, mostly because it was so long ago. My second visit was to come and cross this off my bucket list for brunches. I like my breakfast time to be relaxing and cozy so I don't often opt for fancier brunch places, but the atmosphere at Shango allows you to feel comfortable while being in a place that exudes more class. The brunch menu is fantastic! I hadn't remembered that Shango was a New Orleans cuisine inspired restaurant. The options consisted of very creative dishes and included several items I would have never thought to have during breakfast, like smoked salmon or fried oysters. They did a great job combining food items that marry breakfast and lunch so well. The menu is a little expensive but it is the price you pay for such sophisticated dishes. We ordered the avocado spring rolls as a starter and they were perfectly seasoned. You got the creaminess from the avocado, the sweetness from the roasted corn and the crispy consistency from the spring roll. They were served with two fantastic sauces: cilantro pecan pesto and chili pepper garlic. I was happy to find that I could not decide which I liked more! As a main course I ordered the poached eggs over smoked salmon hash, cornmeal fried oysters, with hollandaise sauce. I'd wanted to try salmon in a breakfast dish for so long and this was one hell of an introduction. The smokiness really came through and their homemade hollandaise is top notch. I really liked that they didn't smother the dish with the hollandaise and allowed the other flavors to shine through. What's a brunch without a "breakfast cocktail?" as my date called it. Shango had offered mimosas and Bellinis on their brunch menu so of course we had to try them! The Bellinis were great and if we hadn't been stuffed, we would have probably had to walk home. Great experience and I am almost apologetic that I let so much time go by before returning.
Shango was wonderful as usual. Special fixed price menu for Mardi Gras - what a great surprise. I had turtle soup, duck with jambalaya and pepper jelly and beignets with coffee ice cream for dessert. Oh my!  My husband had gumbo, étouffée and banana foster bread pudding. Again it was all delicious. Great beer selection, great service.
Loved this place. Just walked in for a dinner, without a reservation, a few weeks back. They accommodated us and the 30+ minutes wait at the bar was fun too. Impromptu red wine tasting with a few other couples. As for the food?  Beats any chain equivalents hands down. Don't miss the Black Pepper Linguini. I asked them to spice it up a bit more and it was perfect. Great service too. Definitely planning on becoming a regular here!
My absolute favorite place in Buffalo for brunch on a Sunday when I'm visiting home. The owner loves to circulate the tables throughout your meal. The coffee is one of my main draws.
AMAZING! Everything we tried was delicious, and our waitress was super nice! She even let me sample the turtle soup (because I wasn't positive I would like it). The menu was familiar enough, yet had a couple new twists to make it just right and exciting!
Great Great place! great food with nice environment for a date! really enjoyable!
When passing through Bufalo, we were pleasantly surprised-as admitted NYC food snobs-to find shango through yelp. Delicious jambalaya and catfish po boy...some of the best sweet potato fries we've had.
I love this Shango. The food, the service, the wine selection and the atmosphere. The prices are very reasonable and I really just cannot say enough about this place. Just go and you will love it too.
Great place for dinner!! I went to dinner with a friend. Perfect place for a date, dinner with family or friends!! The Penna was a great choice (fyi). Delicious. The service and atmosphere was great!!
Shango is a fantastic choice for dinner!  The restaurant has an intimate, yet not too fancy atmosphere with a nice bar.  They're service is always top notch, and they're always pretty busy.  They have excellent New Orleans style cuisine, and my friends and I try to hit it up annually for marti gras.  In the past few years, we always had a BLAST!  They really know how to be festive!  They have live music, beads, and specials on the menu that will blow you away!  I love the olives they bring out before the meal.  Their desserts are always really yummy too.
tried fried oyster(? don't remember the name exactly), meat board (duck & ham), one soup, one beer. food is good. atmosphere is nice as well.
Still my favorite spot in the city. Whether sitting at the bar with drinks and apps or having a full meal. Good service, banging food, and great beer/wine.   Get the frog leg apps, Basically fancy hot wings
Service is fantastic. A million specials to consider... Instead of going the traditional route with appetizers and entrees my bf and I decided to just get small plates and share in order to save more room for tasting. Despite our efforts, we still managed to completely stuff ourselves. Yikes! Had the chowder... Yummy! Lobster cakes, amazing. Oysters, can't go wrong. Blackened tuna tacos... Not our favorite. The taco was soggy and the tuna was much too large a piece. It ended up completely falling apart.  Finally, Mac and cheese...as a side (same as the main, but smaller portion.) Yum yum yum!
I was recently at Shango during restaurant week and also during the buffalo mac and cheese challenge. I ordered the three course restaurant week meal with the shrimp and andouille mac and cheese. Got calamari as an app was sooooooo good the best I've ever had! Salad with walnuts and blue cheese delicious! I love the pickled veggies and olives they bring to you with bread and dipping oil... but the best part of the meal was the black pepper linguini that my bf ordered! it was SOOOOOOOOOOOO goood it made the rest of the meal seem less amazing because of it's amazing amazingness (lol) although everything else was indeed amazing...   i will be returning asap as i am eager to try the pork belly which the waiter informed us is his "favorite thing on the menu". yum. yum. yum. yum. :)
Shango is such a great place to eat.  It is a smallish restaurant, but the food is absolutely wonderful.  This is a "New Orleans Bistro", so the food has a great NOLA feel to it.  They have a nice bar (wine and beer only), where you can get Turbo Dog among other nice beers.  The po boys are great, but my wife goes crazy for the mac and cheese entree.  The creole meatloaf is great, as it has some Andouille sausage in the middle of the meatloaf.  I would recommend anything at this place and I have tried just about everything on the menu.  The only downside is that it isn't in the greatest neighborhood, but I haven't had any issues and I have been there many, many times.
Stuck in Buffalo but dying for some of that N'ohleans cuisine? This is the place to go! Shango was formerly Coffee Bean Cafe (which, I will admit, I loved and was very disappointed to see close). Try the gumbo - it's amazing. The perfect place to go after work on a nice summer day, when the doors to the sidewalk are open.
The atmosphere of the restaurant is nice, the staff is very friendly and the olive mix was yummy.  They give you little pieces of bread before your meal and there was this cornbread piece that was almost like cake, I could have eaten a whole pan of that.   For an app we got the calamari which was the lightest, freshest i've ever had. It had some sort of pepper sauce over it but it wasn't so spicy or strong that it killed the flavor of the calamari. It was our main dishes that weren't so steller.  I got the fried chicken & grits.  The greens with it was a bit to vinigery and the chicken was a bit blan. But the gravey on top was good. In all honesty the grits were the best part and I dont' normaly like grits.  My girlfriend got the clam po boy...which she ended up just eating the clams off of, there was too much bread and not enough everything else.  Oh! The wine the waiter recomeneded was delish.
Been here a couple of times and I absolutely love it! Awesome service and food. Additionally, it is so nice to go somewhere with a GREAT selection of beers that doesn't charge outrageous prices for a pint! I can't wait to go back!
By far one of the best restaurants in buffalo. Never ceases to amaze me how delicious everything in their menu is.
Dined at Shango for Sunday brunch.  Brunch menu isn't you're typical bacon and eggs so don't come here expecting that.  I had the laughing bird shrimp cake topped with poached eggs and a cajun hollaindaise sauce.  It was sooo delicious.   My friend and I alspo received some delicious complimentary bread which included a few varieties.  We had excellent service; our coffee cups were never empty!  Highly recommended!
I have been to Shango 2 times for dinner and it is a very good restaurant for Buffalo and I am pleased that there are some Buffalonians that can step away from the wings and enjoy well-prepared, slightly healthier food once in a while.  For a brief period of time, you feel as if you are in Santa Monica at one of the nicer eateries.  The ambience is very nice, food very well prepared and service is very good.  Wine selection is nice because they have lots of California wines (I am partial).  Do not sit by the door in the winter...they need to figure out how to get people in without the wind following along.  (Bar is cozy for apps and wine as well).
Best brunch.
I went during restaurant week in the fall. I had heard a lot of wonderful things about this place, but I found my meal uneventful. So uneventful, that I have no idea what I consumed which is unusual for me. It was good, but it was not exciting enough to entice me back for their $17-24 plates. However, I have heard wonderful things about their meatloaf, and the Thursday happy hour (5-7pm) may convince me to try again.
This restaurant is one of my favorite's in Buffalo.  They have great service and the environment is very welcoming. They have awesome half off appetizer specials every Thursday evening, which is a must.  The blackened tuna tacos are delicious, crisp and refreshing.  For entrees the grilled hanger steak is one of the best on the menu, with their homemade steak sauce. And for dessert the bread pudding is warm and very fresh. The head chef knows what he is doing, and you should definitely try their diverse menu.
