Im going to miss my run upstate ( because anything past the Bronx is upstate to me). Apparently this mall is undergoing a serious upgrade. Driving past it on Major deegan does no justice to all the stores that lie within this outdoor mall. On top of that parking is free!
This place has come a long way since I was a kid, back when my Mom would drag me to Sterns to buy slacks. I remember the area being fairly rundown and scruffy back in the day, with things only getting worse in the 1990's. Nowadays, they have some pretty decent stores like Armani and Zara and you can tell that they really did put some bucks and thought into making the place look decent. Good for them. That being said, I really don't like this shopping center whatsoever. First, whenever I've stopped by (typically on the weekend), the parking situation, and even just getting into the parking lot, has been a giant pain in the ass. Way too much congestion, and way too much of a hassle to get in and out. Second, the restaurant options are pretty much like the ones you'd find at every other Westchester mall, meaning, sad, corporate, and unhealthy. But hey, if you like Panda Express and Red Lobster, God bless. On the positive side, there are plenty of great Yonkers restaurants just a few minutes away. So if you can wait, you can get a meal that's undoubtedly far better than anything you'll find here. Finally, I find the public safety situation here to be questionable in particular after sunset. Over the years, I have personally seen petty crime being committed at Cross County and the absolute worst was witnessing the recreation of what looked to be a prison riot in the parking lot. Fun stuff. In the end, this place isn't interesting enough to make me drive to Yonkers and that's not even considering the sketchiness, something you may want to consider if you are planning to stop by with kids or the family. There are definitely better options in Westchester, and even in Yonkers actually.
Roy's Top 5 Things to Know: 1. Lots of your usual mall stores like Macys, H&M, Zara, Gamestop, Spencers, GNC, Express just to name a few and finding parking is easy breezy. 2. Needs better food options as Applebees and Red Lobster just aint cutting it. 3. I like the renovations to this outdoor mall, it's really heading towards the right directions. 4. Chipotle here has the longest lines on the face of this earth. 5. Movie Theater here is pretty crappy with small screens.
Only reason why I come to this mall is Micro Center, and the National Wholesale Liquidators store. If I go to Macy*s it's because I'm shopping with the family, Or If I wanna eat something good, I'll head over to Sarku Japan (Still haven't tried out the new restaurant next to it) The majority of the stores in this mall are just ordinary stores you'd see around in some neighborhoods, a couple of good restaurants.
I remember going to cross county in the late 60s to 70s.  John Wanamakers had class. Gimbles. It was a nice place to go. It wasn't high end, heck it had two Woolworths! But it still was a decent place to go. This was the first planned mall in the US. By the end of the 70s cars got stolen in broad daylight. In the 80s and 90s it got more depressed. Yes they have done a facelift but is is still not a place I would go after 5:00. They are turning the old cross county hospital into a hotel? Why? I wouldn't want to leave that hotel room at night. Do they think this is like Woodbury commons? If it had designer outlet stores this place would be a hit. They put in the same stores as galleria or any low end mall would have. I was hoping for nicer, more unique shops and better restaurants. Applebee's and now Olive Garden is coming. Really? In a town where real  Italian restaurants are great? It has the only chipotle in westchester unfortunately. I like chipotle but every time I go there are 300 on the line, no where to sit. There is a Panera. They run out of food, don't bring it to your table, as have one or only two people taking orders. Macys is alright but then again it always was. Sears does not open on time. Calling corporate office does no good. The parking garage was silly and should become something else. It would have been better if it had designer outlets so that we could have that without the drive to Woodbury. The only thing that could save it is to turn one of the massive empty parking lots ( behind Applebee's) into a food truck haven. Like in Austin or Portland. Something cool with interesting unique food options. That would pull in a lot of good business because it's different and people want it.
For a quick things to do and a quick shopping just drive and you'll find what you need.. Bigger malls are just few miles away but this mall since it's upgrade has been nicer to stroll and hangout. They got a bigger and better Macys which has good a huge free parking.. Other branded stores are here as well with lots of sales. You'll always find something that you'd want here. A cleaner place, good landscape , more lights at night  & more security. They got big restrooms too.. More better food chain as well which at times you don't have to go farther because you'll find it here. Grocery and movie theater are just around the area as well. It's a place for Family and friends. The best part .. Free parking.
Useta work here long ago and enjoyed the eating and shopping somewhat. Problem: I traveled by public transport, meaning bus to Woodlawn subway and then home. LOOOOONg trip. Not sure if the deli is still there, but it was rather good for the usual deli items.
The renovation was a much needed improvement not that RidgeHill is up and running and has gave shoppers another option to spend their hard earned $$$. The site is a lot cleaner, stepped up the security and added more than a few stores. I would like to see a legend of all the stores on the site but since the site is relatively small, it may not be needed.
Amazing, place! I feel like I'm on vacation every time I come out here, the staff is great! I strongly recommend hanging out at Applbees and taking advantage of their Happy Hour which also has great deals on food as well! Hands down MACY'S is amazing over here, I came here one time to find make up for my girlfriend (future wife I hope) and the staff there was great! I'm not trying to advertise but the make-up line "Benefit" had the best staff out of everyone! even though every one else was great but "Benefit" was incredible! Parking here is great and if your just coming out here to visit the area, there's a movie theater right around there (walking distance)! (FREE PARKING) During the summer they have movie nights, they also have concerts! For July4th, they always have fireworks on the parking lot! so check it out, other than this mall has a lot of property and I see a lot of corporate companies taking advantage of this landmark.
This place used to give me nightmares as a kid before they renovated (anyone else remember that creepy upper level that was totally deserted apart from a crusty looking kids birthday party place? Yeah, horrifying for a six year old). I really like what they've done with it now, save for a few minorly annoying details. Like that 4-story parking garage by Macy's? Totally unnecessary. I guess they were anticipating more traffic than they actually get. And that Red Lobster in the middle of the street back by Sears makes driving around there a pain in the butt. A lot of the stores managed to survive the restoration, especially in the back of the mall, but they've added more stores to appeal to younger kids like Forever 21 and H&M. So with that said, the mall gets a little rowdy at times with screaming kids and obnoxious teenagers running rampant. Also, the displays in the stores tend to be a little sloppy and unkempt with clothes everywhere and nothing properly folded or in its right place.  The food in the mall is a little underwhelming. All they really have a cheap chain restaurants and grab-and-go snack places like Cinnabon. So if you want a real meal, head elsewhere. I still come here if I want to kill some time or need to grab a last-minute gift, but it isn't really my scene anymore.
Love the changes they made. Shopping outside on a beautiful day... who doesn't love that! Just one little plea... BRING BACK LANE BRYANT PLEASE!!!!!
Yonkers redid the outside mall a few years ago adding new stores, landscaping, and giving the old stores a facelift or relocation. They bring bands in the summer, along with 4th of July fireworks and a Cinnabun food stand, Panera, and a Chipotle. Zara is expected to open this holiday season, and Macys recently extended and added an indoor parking lot. One of the only mall structures left in Westchester where you DON'T pay for parking.
Wow what a crap hole this place was. Awful looking set up, and has not been renovated since it opened in the 50s. The parking lot was a mad house and the Macys was dirty and loud (yes loud, they blasted the lite fm music like I was at some kind of geriatric rave).
If you have an open mind, a warm coat and a desire for some decent sales, this is a fine place to shop.  While it's much better in the summer (it's open-air) there is absolutely nothing wrong with using the Cross-County Shopping Center for its individual stores.   First of all, it does need a face lift.  AND...it's happening.  Currently many of the stores are under renovation.  I expect a new face to the mall within a year or so.   Secondly, there are MANY good stores.  New York & Company (if you're a NY&C girl like my roommate), Aldo, Florsheim and Macy's are just some of my favorite haunts.  There is also a very cute coffee/snack shop up near the Macy's end of things.  I, almost exclusively, do my shoe shopping at Cross-County.  I always find excellent deals on terrific shoes (did I mention that I'm a bit of a shoe fanatic...Yeah...I'm a guy...and yeah...I own near 50 pairs of shoes...don't hate) Lastly, don't worry about "fitting in".  There is a wide cross-section of culture at the Cross-County.  That is what defines Yonkers as a city.  We have a little bit of every portion of society, and that is evidenced by any visit to the CC.  I never feel uncomfortable or out-of-place, nor should anyone who wants to stop by. While it's not the best shopping in the world, it is FAR from being bad.  Give it a chance and keep these stores in business.  BUT...wait until summer for your first visit.  I guarantee a much more pleasant experience.
G'damn has CC come a LONG way! This used to be a DUMP...they have really upgraded the quality of stores and the feel of the whole mall. I kind of feel bad for all the small mom and pop shops that were there for so many years...you won't find them there anymore. All the stores or most of them, are major chain stores. Oh well.. Anyway, all in all, lots of ghetto ass peeps, plenty of hicks and low life shoppers, but what else did you expect?
I had to service some work at the Macy*s here and I was impressed by how well they took care of the place! Did you catch my sarcasm? Anyways, after finishing up the work, my boyfriend and I went right next to door to Applebees. Now, I'm a bit skeptic to go to any Applebees because the food quality has down graded. But I was happy with this one: friendly staff, well cooked food and they had my all time fav. dessert which the one in Times Square doesn't. The only thing I didn't like about this mall was the fact the 4/5 of the stores I wanted to go into weren't even open yet. And the layout of the mall is a little funky, but I guess they wanna keep the 50s layout. I hope to come back in a year or so when this place is completely renovated.
I love this place but wish the stores opened later! I remember the old cross county and when they got little to no business!! Now they have quite a verity of stores and even places to eat! They still have a little meow work to do but I'm very very very pleased with it so far!
Omg the line is the worst ever 8 registers and line is snail mode so sad an hour on line omg
This was my first time in Yonkers (that I can remember). I had mixed feelings about coming here buy it was black Friday so why not stop by the shopping center and see what Yonkers has to offer. It was decent. Outlet set up. A whole bunch of stores, all out doors. Everything was crowded but of course, black Friday mess. Very messy in the stores as well. Even amidst the black Friday madness plenty of employees stopped to chat with me and were very friendly. It was very clean out on the sidewalks and they were renovating and adding a Chipotle! If it wasn't so far from me (queens!) I would probably hit this up. They need more food options but  clearly they are working on that. If I'm ever in the area def worth hitting up.
GHETTO FABULOUS...everything is picked through and picked over.  Got better with new stores built to outside mall area.  The inside mall is weak but great for last minute items. FREE PARKING not like the bogus RIDGE HILL garages with their validation scams NUFF SAID!
A bunch of stores and food spots that are healthy retail therapy for the working class shopper (or any shopper) Fun and not, to many stores to get overwhelmed!
Hanging with the family at cross county enjoying the shopping area, and catching all the sales. But it helps a lot when you have gift cards. LOL. Oh well it's time to hit Burger king ,and enjoy a shake and fries. ;o)
good place now! With all the renovations and new stores opening up and the changes going on place is looking good and really bouncing back to being a powerhouse for the yonkers and westchester county economy. I don't live far away and it is nice to take a brisk walk to and aroun the center. all the stores and new scenary make it a nice place to hang out on a nice day.
WAY BETTER THAN THE 80's This place was ground zero for drug dealers and crime back in the 80's and 90's. I was shocked to see how they turned it around. The crowd is still the same but wow what a difference. It used to look like Beirut during their civil war.
The new renovations are ok.  MUCH better than what it used to be.  Unfortunately its kind of ghetto. Not the greatest neighborhood.  Plus with Ridge Hill up the street, this mall is going to suffer.
Wow, Cross County has completed changed and for the better! Over the past 2 or 3 years they've added some great stores and really fixed everything up. Years ago, it was dreadful to come here. I'd go just to buy like a last minute gift or something but now it's actually nice. I prefer going during the week because on the weekends it can become a farm house! Yikes...
Flexible hours and many store choices
This shopping center is a disaster when it comes to the type of people it attracts, but then again don't you go there for the shopping experience, sure it is pretty ghetto but that's why you go with a clear idea of what your going to get, you get in and get out!!!  The only place I hate hate hate circuit city, you guys did me dirty, very dirty I can't stand you! I'm glad your gone!!!!
society is scary. i felt surrounded by sheep. they're all worried about being trendy, the latest phone, clothing style, being popular.. "I wonder if these ppl would be prepared if the world goes to shhtt" that was just one of my thoughts from the last time i was there... very scary just thinking about it o_O seriously though, EFF THAT! Nonetheless, the place really has gone through a tremendous transformation!! it used to be really hood/ghetto, with the usual mainstream stores like AE, aeropostale, old navy. NOW, they even have some top tier stores like A/X, adidas and express to name a few... It's kinda funny to watch a ghetto girl go into one of THOSE stores, walk around and see a nice shirt, then look at the pricetag, pretend that the price isn't outrageous, gently put it back in it's place, then slide out the store, praying that no one was witness to that whole awkward situation... we saw it hunny, we all saw it
The mall has changed dramatically over the passed 20 years.  Much improved now with more places to eat.  It still has a ways to go, but it's moving in the right direction.  I'll def be back.
This was the first open-air mall in the country built in 1954...This place is pretty-much like your standard mall except with no roof over your head but yet a different experience than an outdoor strip mall. You are still surrounded by the buildings in this place when you walk through, so you are sure to see all the stores. This place has been like a second home to me growing up. The place was home to all the mall legends at one time or another...Gimballs, Fannie Farmer Candies, Sam Goodys and Walgreens.  But time has not been kind to the Cross County Center. It needs a face-lift.  Just in time, looks like it will indeed get an extensive renovation starting this year.
If you go here to shop and leave saying you cant find anything, either your taste for whatever you're looking for doesn't exist, or you didn't have money to buy anything in the first place... I can't list all the shops they have in the mall/outlet, but you definitely can't miss shopping here... :)
I never been to a shopping center that had the worst raods ever. For a new mall, at least they could do first is make sure the roads are good. Now getting to the stores, many low cost shopping is a plus and its a nice clean place. They also have the biggest Sears ever and thats a plus.
A convenient shopping area for me. Used to be "almost" deserted, but new stores are coming up and opening. There's AX, Guess, Zales, Forever 21, H&M, Auntie Annes and a lot more. I guess having a stiff competition (RH ehem..) is a part of the developments, I only wish they would upgrade the cinemas too =) That would be nice. They added parking areas too by the way and more food place choices like Fridays and Red Lobster now.....
Love the renovations done here. Although I haven't been able to explore most of the new stores, it deff seems as the money invested here has paid off. I would strongly suggest making a stop here for your shopping needs as it has become a great alternative to the Galleria and Westchester mall in White Plains.
Big time improvement. I used to shop at CC during the 80's as a kid (at risk in dating myself, this mall had a great Woolworth's!). The CC of the 80's is now a distant memory.   I recently shopped there with my son and needless to say, I am impressed with the renovations and improvements. The mall is  now beautifully landscaped with various plants and flowers.  There are several benches and places to sit, including a small playground for the toddlers. The entire second level of the mall is gone.  As others mentioned, there is a mix of upper scale and reasonably priced mall fixture stores like Old Navy and Gap.  There were  major improvements  made to the two flagship stores: Macy's and Sears. A few years ago, Macy's in Yonkers was an embarrassment to Macy's.  When I shopped there in 2005, most of the departments were in disarray and the staff was unhelpful.  Two weeks ago, I was able to find things fairly easy for my son, and the young man who assisted us was very friendly and helpful.  Sears also underwent improvements.  The store was neat and well stocked and we were in and out quite quickly, proving the rumors of new management at both stores may be true.  There are also a nice variety of restaurants now including Chippotle, Red Lobster, and Cinnobon.    Parking is still free. The only downside is a lack of the mom & pop stores.  Gone are Dragon's Den, Boys & Girls Shop, and Pickwick Village..  Suzette's was the only store from the past that is still there.  I do admit, it's nice to have access to Express, A/X, and H&M without having to travel far, however some of the mom & pop stores were quite unique.  The renovations certainly are attracting a more desirable crowd--there were a lot more families shopping in comparison to the teens and the 20 somethings that would go and just hang out.   In all I do plan in returning to CC the next time I need something at Macy's or Sears.  It was very nice to see that the money was well spent upgrading it.
Great memories of shopping this large, open-air shopping center during the 1980s is one thing I will never forget about this place. While it has been transformed tremendously since the late 1990s, when the main clientele either came from Mount Vernon or the North Bronx, the place still has charm as it remains one of the few open-air malls left in the metropolitan area. The Macy's store (formerly Gimbels, then Sterns, then Macys) has an average selection of merchandise but it can't compared to the one in Manhattan or White Plains. Great during summer months, slow during winter (except holidays), and busy on weekends with people jamming to the multiplex cinema on the premises. There is a Sears and Stop & Shop on premises and it is accessible by Westchester County buses from other parts of the county and the Bronx.
Has lots of free parking and a good security presence.
