The Good: Comfortable couches great for relaxing, reading or people watching. Cooking demonstrations at Williams-Sonoma Manhattan's at Maggiano's. Wines by the glass at Morton's No kids, tweens or teens. Occasional celebrity sighting The Bad
This is another mall in Bergen County.  Who knew there were so many stores so many shoppers, and so much money to spend to keep all these places open? Anyway, this mall is on RT 4 West, easy stop coming from the city.   Bloomies is here, always a fun place to visit.  And Saks.  Louis Vuitton.  Tiffanys.  Hugo Boss.  And more.  Many more.   They also have some more upscale chains, think PF Changs, Rosa Mexicano, Morton's steakhouse etc.   Parking is ok here.  But its never as crowded as the Paramus mall down the road, so the parking is pretty much always easier.
If there's one thing I enjoyed about New Jersey is the number of malls you'll find all over the place. This one in particular was fun to browse; notice the word "browse" because while looking at some dresses at one store, I nonchalantly look at the price tag. "Oh look at that, only $3,800 for this dress; yeah sure, wrap it up while I pick out three more." The shop keeper had not even been aware that I was there (probably due to my enormous height) until I was exiting and she kindly says to me: "Hello!!" and I kindly said back "Goodbye!" She started laughing right away and I'm sure she knew why, it's a reaction she's probably use to when people come to the store. I just don't see how the average person can realistically shop here because the dresses didn't really look like anything out of this world. You must really be in a spending mood to dish out that kind of money on a dress. You will find all those fancy Shmancy restaurants here too like Cheesecake factory, Houston's, Pf Changs, and some others all conveniently located within walking distance from each other.
Compact higher end retail mall that is a good spot if you go in knowing the stores in the mall. It's like a smaller short hills.  It doesn't have everything but covers most of the higher end mall spectrum.  Bloomindales, Tiffanys, Hermes, Ferragamo to Jcrew and Brooks Brothers.  Even has an Omega boutique. So this is a solid spot but isn't open on Sundays of course and sometimes if you're looking for a couple specific stores it won't have them all. Should check it out when you wanna spend a lot - like it but still like Short Hills better.
Try to get there off peak times and you will get what you need at the right price!
The Shops at Riverside is a high-end shopping mall located in Hackensack, NJ right off of Route 4 E. While northern NJ is certainly no stranger to shopping malls, The Shops at Riverside has successfully managed to carve their own niche and separate themselves from the pack. For starters, this isn't your typical NJ mall. You won't see loitering tweens wearing too-tight tank tops with a bunch of corny acronyms sprawled across the front, there aren't kiosks every 30 feet with pushy salespeople and most of the usual suspects don't occupy the retail space here. Don't get me wrong, as a twenty-something who primarily grew up in Bergen County, I appreciate the "mall rat" culture as much as any stubbornly proud New Jerseyan. That said, an occasional change of pace is very refreshing and appreciated. While it can get a bit awkward when you're at the mall on a weeknight and it's practically empty, it also allows for a more relaxed experience. The bulk of the 72 retailers which make up the shopping core at Riverside include luxury brands and specialty stores such as Burberry, Bloomingdale's, Coach, Saks Fifth Avenue Hermes Paris and Louis Vuittone and Barney's New York CO-OP. There are a few more modestly priced stores as well, such as GAP, Victoria's Secret, H&M and Barnes & Noble (which is open on Sundays). There are also some excellent restaurants located here, and quite a variety to choose from whether you want hearty Italian (Maggiano's), classic American (Cheesecake Factory), Mexican (Rosa Mexicano), hand-crafted burgers (Smashburger) or even some Americanized Chinese fare (P.F. Chang's). Most of the restaurants take reservations, so it would be best to call ahead and secure a spot as they are almost always packed. Overall, I like shopping here on occasion and think it's great for a high-end alternative to exist right in the mecca of malls. The property itself is immaculately clean, with everything from the floors to the bathrooms being maintained throughout the day with a very high standard of quality in mind which provides an appropriate ambiance. Parking overall isn't bad, but can become a pain in the late afternoon and evenings when the restaurants start to really pick up.
Riverside is one of the nicest shopping experiences in the area. It's a much calmer scene than nearby Garden State Plaza, and the parking lot is a bit easier to navigate. . The store selections includes high end retailers (Hermes, Omega, Coach), but there are certainly enough moderately-priced retailers (Banana Republic, J. Crew) that the mall doesn't have that super-exclusive feel to it.  For food, Au Bon Pain is going to have to do for the low-priced eats. There are several moderate to high-priced chain restaurants attached. Riverside is located on Route 4 West, maybe twenty minutes from the George Washington Bridge if you're visiting from New York.
Very upscale. There's a great variety if you buy expensive clothes. I rarely do, so it doesn't really suit my needs. I mostly go to this mall when I feel the need to splurge, never for regular shopping.  They do have some regular stuff like Gap, Barnes and Noble and Victoria's Secret though. There's no food court but plenty of sit-down restaurants. It's very clean. Also, the mall can be practically empty at times. It's unsettling. The parking lot could be bigger as well. Overall if you're a fashion person you might love this place. If you tend not to spend a lot of money on clothes, look elsewhere.
Dear person who originally put in this business listing: Saks Fifith Avenue is not an address. Anyway, there are basically three malls near my parent's house in Bergenfield and they all correspond to three income levels. There's Garden State Plaza in Paramus which is a great mall because they have such a huge variety and cater to both mallrats & grownups alike, there's Bergen Mall, which is on the lower side of income spectrum and is very depressing as a result, and then there's Riverside Square.  This mall is a little more upscale - no Claire's, Hot Topic or pet store (Like in garden state plaza). Instead, there's stuff like Coach, Banana Republic, Talbots & L'Occitane. There's also an actual day spa, not one of those cheap nails salons that most malls have. It's all very stuffy & trophy wife & I never felt comfortable here so I almost never make it to this mall. I don't think anyone else did either since they are expanding and focusing on opening more restaurants and less old lady stores.  There's now a Barnes & Nobles (OPEN SUNDAYS!) and it looks like a PF Chang's, Macaroni Grill and some Mexican chain restaurant I've never heard of will be opening up soon.  Honestly though, unless you're super rich or going to eat at Houston's, drive yourself across the street, get on the freeway and drive to Garden State.
I hate malls, but this would be an exception.  Unfortunately though, I can't really afford to shop here.   Bloomingdale's Saks Fifth Avenue Tiffany & Co. Louis Vuittone Movado Coach Burberry Pottery Barn Williams-Sonoma and others... Stores I can afford: Banana, GAP, J. Crew, Barnes and Noble And for the food: Cheesecake Factory, Houston's, Morton's, PF Changs, Thai Chef, Rosa Mexicano (which I need to try), Maggiano's, and McCormick & Schmick's. If this is too high end for you (unfortunately, it is for me), check out Garden State Plaza (Paramus), as there's a nice balance of everything in their 300+ stores.
Clean, spacious and full of trendy, upscale places to shop. There's Louis Vuitton, Coach, Tiffany, Bloomies, Saks, and more! All under one roof!  This place is definitely not for anyone whose annual income (investments included!) is below 6 figures.  If you shop here and you have below 6 figures... you must be in debt... so stop shopping here.   Ok, ok I exaggerate... there's a GAP here and Victoria's Secret (probably some other places I'm forgetting)... I suppose middle incomers could come here to shop there w/o risking taking a second mortgage on their home... but tempting places like LV (mmm... Monogram Canvas Speedy 25!), Salvatore Ferragamo, and Movado juuuust might. If I could actually afford anything in this mall it'd get 5 stars... but when I realize my poor income (non-existent!) and look at the rich ppl w/ their shopping bags... I just get mad at capitalism.
Love this mall- the shops are great and the spots to grab a bite are awesome as well!
Riverside Square/Shops At Riverside is similar to The Mall At Short Hills.  Amazing array of upscale merchandise with a parking garage full of $50,000 exotic wheels.  Recently (Columbus Day) went in to Sak's Fifth to buy some Kiehl's face moisturizer and the mall was totally empty.  Women who sell cosmetics at Sak's are straight out of old Playboy centerfolds and on that afternoon, were only to happy to give me lots of advice and schmoosing.  One particular woman, with a very strong Easterrn European accent, was gorgeous.  She said that overall sales had been slow since mid-August and management didn't expect  an increase in traffic until post Thanksgiving.   Still a great place to hang out on a rainy Saturday and the mall bars are a wall to wall single scene on Wednesday and Friday  evenings.  Food is moderate to downright expensive but well prepared from extensive menu selections.
Awesome mall literally next to where I live, and it's nice to shop to there for the convenience. Stores always having sales and it's a great place to go if you don't want to deal with the hassle of the crowd at the other malls.
This mall is not as busy as the other nearby ones (Garden State Plaza, Paramus Park Mall, etc). It doesn't have many stores that would suit my age range. The only reason I ever go here is to hit up Barnes & Noble, Gap or The Cheesecake Factory. I do enjoy the fact that there is hardly ever anyone at this mall. You can be one of three people in a hallway at a time. Stores are always quiet. This place is usually full of stuck-up rich snobs from the upper Bergen County area (Saddle River, Old Tappan, Tenafly, etc). The rich bitches that walk around and act like they're better than everyone... those bitches.
Beautiful mall! Love the stores here!
I don't know how most of the stores in this mall stay in business as I have never seen more than a handful of people in this mall at any one time.  It is always incredibly empty.  If you like a solitary shopping experience, this mall is for you.  You'll have plenty of attention from all of the salespeople in the various stores because they are all too eager to have a break from the mind-numbing boredom of just standing around waiting for customers.   Yes, it is the high-end mall in the area and caters to a wealthier consumer, and there are a few affordable shops, but who really cares?  No one shops here because you can drive a mile or two down the road and be at the Garden State Plaza which is much bigger, has a wider selection of stores, and a larger variety of merchandise for sale.   The restaurants make good business though and are extremely crowded, especially on Friday and Saturday nights.  The restaurants are really what draw people to the mall - Cheesecake Factory, Houston's, McCormick & Schmick's being the most popular.  The parking lot is always full because everyone is at the restaurants.  Perhaps someday, it will just be a whole mall full of restaurants.  That would be kinda cool. There is also a smaller Barnes & Nobles which was a fairly recent addition.  This store too makes decent business.  The vast majority of the time that I go to this mall, it's to pick something up at Barnes & Nobles, otherwise, it's to have a meal at one of the restaurants.  Other than that, the Garden State Plaza offers a much better shopping experience.   They really should rename the complex....  I think The Restaurants At Riverside has a nice ring to it.
Awesome mall and has great sales as not too many people go there Tons of good food options make sure you hit up Bergen Plaza which has outlets and good deals
The Rodeo Drive Mall of New Jersey. You can definitely see the noses high in the air as you walk through. With that being said, they have fabulous restaurants and shops
Love this mall. Never over-packed with people, upscale stores are all in one place. Parking could be tough in the afternoon or evening because of the restaurants.  There are security guards everywhere and very clean. Love the fountain spa in ground floor and Bloomingdale's. One of my favorite mall.
Great margharitas, amazing guac, and really nice people who work there to boot.  What more could a girl want from her neighborhood Mexican fare?
when you put the following terms together in a sentence to describe a mall: upscale, high-end, trendy, uber, valet, korean, and jewish... ...the last terms before the period will always be: I, am, and backrupt WTF, Beverly Hills moved to Hackensack, NJ?
One of my favorite NJ mall.  Never crouded, upscale shops, and great restaurants.  No mall rats, no food court.  Perfect.
The one A-list mall that's not crowded.  It's pretty much "upscale-only", with very high-end and attractive stores.  The mall finally seems to be on the upswing, with new stores starting to trickle in, but it has plenty of room for more. If only I could live at that Pottery Barn or the Bloomingdale's home section, I'd be like Louis XIV in Versailles.
This mall is extremely high end.  I love going there to pretend I have truckloads of money and get away from the riff raff that generally hang out in other malls in the area.  They've rennovated recently and added some new restaurants and a Barnes and Nobles which is nice, and as stated in previous posts, the B&N is open Sundays! (which is a novelty in Bergen County).  For the money-conscience consumer (i.e. myself) there is a pretty nice Target and TGIFriday's up the road.
Costumer service is the greatest I have ever encountered. The employees were beyond sweet. They made us feel so comfortable and welcome. I have just found my new Coach store and recommend them highly!
Extremely high end, with high end prices.  Check out this mall when you get your tax refund or if/when you get your "economic stimulus" check again lol
High End Malls & Boutiques are NEVER dependent on "crowds" of customers for their success. They already KNOW WHO their customers are & their mission is to serve the top 3% of the population in terms of NET worth. A successful boutique can regularly make more than one day's quota on just one huge transaction from one customer. It happens all the time! The sale may very well been transacted over the phone or the purchases are to be delivered.  The fact that you don't SEE everything or crowds -like you do at a more average mall means nothing. The people that a mall like this caters to don't want crowds anywhere near them,-ever! They want SERVICE in spades & plenty of space around them! This can be very puzzling to a general public that always compares the very ordinary malls & stores, large or small, catering to them-where they get little to no personal service-or constantly fighting crowds milling through with many of whom have either no intention or are incapable of buying anything. Not that there's anything wrong with that:),but really, who wants to deal with it if you don't have to!
What happened to my P.F. Chang's? It used to be great on all accounts, but my last visit was mediocre at best.  Expecting a wait, was surprised to find many empty tables on arrival.  Even so, dinner for 3 took 2 1/2 hours!!  The chicken lettuce wraps were as great as ever as was the Chinese 5-spice duck, but the sesame chicken was disappointing and my husband's caramel mango chicken was completely overcooked.  Since we had already waited so long he didnt want to send it back and wait for a new dish.  The desserts were pretty good, but we were surprised that, since they asked when making the reservation if it was a special  occasion and we said yes, it's a birthday celebration, that there was no acknowledgement at all.  Lastly the service: as you can assume it was pretty bad considering that it took so long to have dinner, I will also say not one empty glass or dish was removed from the table until there was space needed to deliver another dish.  There was no option for a 2nd drink, there were none of the former niceties like mixing the sauces and offering suggestions.  Don't know what's happened but don't like it.
Not quite Short Hills but a vast improvement over the frazzled Garden State Plaza; this is one of my favorite shopping destinations when I get back to N.J.  Plus, I worked at that Bloomingdale's in the mid 70s while in college, so I remember all the transformations of the mall.  Bloomies is great, Saks is a horror. The upgraded stores and interior have really done much to help improve this mall. Somehow, Neiman's should have gone into that mall, somewhere, instead of GSP. Overall, I have always enjoyed my shopping experience at Riverside.
This place is now called The Shops at Riverside, which is the owners way of letting us know its become more upscale. While the GS Plaza is down the street and the biggest mall in the area, Riverside caters to a well heeled shopper who desires many brands that are located on Madison Ave in NYC, but simply wants to hop in her Range or Lex and drive over from Saddle River. A major plus to this mall is its location, its super close to the GW Bridge and of course, its tax free since its Jersey. I've already the Bloomingdale''s here and given its recent expansion, its defintely the store here at Riverside..while Saks has a more boutique like feel. Hermes recently opened here, and Tiffanys is here as well. Louis Vuittion, Ferragamo, Burberry, Brooks Brothers Women help round out the small, but well edited collection of designer shops. Another major draw here is the upscale chain dining options that are here....Houstons, Cheesecake Factory, Mortons, McCormick and Schmick and the newly added PF CHangs and Maggianos (next to the Bloomingdale's extension). This mall never seems crowded (reminds me somewhat of Phipps Plaza in Atlanta) but has everything you need if you are willing to pay top dollar or scout out one of Bloomingdale's great sales.
