This is a lovely mall. The best that ever happened in the Bronx. Keep up the excellent work. I don't have to go to Manhattan or Westchester for a Victoria's Secret or Bath & Body Works. I bought a pair of jeans and shoes from the Gap. Suddenly feel like a fashionista. What makes this mall so special is because it is brand new and that the Bronx finally has upscale shops. Who would expect to see high end stores like Michael Kors, Swarovski , Aldo, Clark's, etc in the Bronx? I am looking forward for Express, Forever 21 and Ulta to open soon. And some food. I would like to try out Red Robin.
Nothing about this mall stands out. I didn't like the layout and I was unimpressed by the stores. Most stores you can find on 125th street in Harlem smh. Knock off US Polo Association as opposed to Ralph Lauren Polo! A fight already broke out at this mall yet it JUST opened.  Ratchet! Girls were dressed in club dresses at 5:00 PM. Again very ratchet! We only lasted in this mall for 10 minutes. I won't be returning.
This place is going to be HUGE!!! Free parking seconds away, a huge (and growing!) selection of stores, and a beautiful building. I love how the mall is bringing more and more jobs to the area, and hope that the owners keep on building!
Love this place, makes me feel like i'm not in the Bronx. Great stores
Lids store where you buy monogrammed hats kept me waiting an hour and a half. Manager too busy to speak to me never coming back to lids but will shop at mall. The eyebrow threading place totally overcharges.
I give it Five stars just becsuse it's bringing jobs to our Bronx residents. I hope it keeps a order of piece and let people shop peacefully. At the moment it seens really nice but still at it's virgin state.
So far the mall is great! It's really wonderful having this in the Bronx.  I really hope it stays clean.
Visited mall today and it was very nice.  Simple lay out and good variety of stores. Occupancy is at 80% so more shops to open soon. This is the bronx.  And finally a mall. Progress. Went into old navy and at the front door / entrance there is a security guard with a gun. Now that's scary. Continued visiting stores and the fire alarm went off. No announcements or warnings from the mall. The fire dept arrived 20 minutes later!  What if it was really a fire!  Wtf. Yo it's good that the bronx got a mall. But hate to say this but again the bronx proves no customer service.  And long lines.  Give it the Bronx cheer !
I really like this mall, I think its a wonderful addition to the Bronx, I look forward to the new stores opening up and the food court expanding.  I'm happy to finally have a Victoria's Secret close by!
What a lovely addition to this area of the bronx. It is very new and clean and spacious. Lovely little mall. tWas hoping that there would also be a play area for young kids...but no. Also, it is nice to have an expansion of the shops that are available in this zip code, but gotta say, overall the selection seemed a bit small-so here is hoping more stores will be added later down the road. almost all the food places have yet to open, which is unfortunate, but you could always do the restaurants surrounding in the more established outside businesses that make up bay plaza. Parking is ample (appears the new lot structure will start charging after labor day) and they have created a new area for the buses, which was much needed.
I love the new mall. Everyone is extremely friendly and polite.Its great having so many options available to go shopping.
Well After my first visit to the mall today I was unimpressed with the overall layout the mall seemed dry not much visual no waterfalls, no trees, no art work just boring. Not to mention as a Bronx Resident I was expecting to see stores such as ZARA, GUESS, Urban Outfitters to name a few. The few stores that were open were your typical but for those of us who reside in the Bronx and don't always wish to travel to Westchester or Manhattan to get our fill of shopping this mall has not proven to me I will shop there. Not to mention the food court was not fully operational the only thing open was Subways and the Japanese food. Instead of bringing a Cheesecake Factory they opted for the Olive Garden who's food is mediocre. Joe's Crab Shack is not open it appears as though they rushed the opening with a number of stores not ready to open. As for now i give it 2 and a half stars. I will wait and see as the next few months pass what unfolds.
