About 9 years ago when I moved to the neighborhood this mall was quite a dump, with a ratty Macy's, Gap Outlet, Sock drawer, GNC, Marshalls and perhaps a couple of others. Then the Macy's closed down & the whole place as under construction for a while. Whoever revived it, did a great job. It's much small than Garden State Plaza so much less chaotic. You can always find parking. Clean. More families & individuals....less teenagers. They have added lots of nice outlets of the high end department stores over time, a Century 21, and many other outlets. Over all, it's a great place for a quick in-and-out run if you need specific items for the stores here. A few good eating options too.
Love this mall...First off I can afford it being the broke ass that I am these days a little discount helps...Outlet stores or not this place is great...Parking can be a pain..but its cool.. Favorite stores: Nordstrom rack, Century 21, Disney store, and Guess. Favorite Restaurant: sugar and plum purveyors of Yumm, Whole foods Also the decor is nice especially the huge wall fish tanks and its always clean!
OMG, I just had the worst experience in a shopping mall in my entire life.  Got to Bergen Town Center today and Could not even get out of the car to go into a store. NO PARKiNG SPOTS AT ALL!  Dozens of cars circling around to no avail, and more cars pouring in. Finally just gave up and left. Poor NJ residents, nightmare traffic, can't park on a Saturday at the mall, and pay sky high taxes for the privilege. We then tried to go to River's Edge mall in Hackensack, couldn't get a parking place there either. Won't try again any time soon.
Excellent and amazing outlet mall with great varieties of outlet stores and discounted department stores (including brand names). It has every type of outlet store you basically need for any brand name you are looking for. Great restaurants both inside and outside the mall! It has even Whole Foods and Target, as well as Pei Wei, Olive Gardens, Bahama Breeze, Bobby's Burger, and much more! While visiting this outlet mall, also within a mile distance go to Garden State Plaza Mall (300+ retail stores) - biggest in NJ. Paramus is shopping mecca. NO tax on shoes & clothes, closed on Sundays (great thing) and gets busy on Fridays, Saturdays, school breaks and on holidays.
An outlet modeled like a shopping mall? WOW! I'm a fan! There is a good selection of stores to shop at here including big name stores like Banana Republic, J Crew, Saks Fifth, Century 21, etc. The stores here usually have sale promotions going on so prices are a steal! Definitely a place worth checking out if you're looking to shop or even just browse!
This mall has come a long way from the old days when it was seriously an overlooked shopping area with little/no major shops to speak of.  After a major face lift, it's good to see now they feature a nice variety of shops and outlet stores for people to choose from. Personally I really like the Century 21 here.  It's got a terrific selection of items and prices here are always good.  I also like the additional options of Nordstorm and Bloomingdale's outlet stores as well.  The Target here is also excellent, thanks to its cavernous size and plenty of options.  If you're looking to run errands and get some outlet shopping in - this is definitely a great place to go.  It's also nice that there's a Whole Foods here as well. My only wish is that they had more food options to choose from.  It's nice that they have a Bobby's Burger Bar (which gets crowded very fast), but aside from that there aren't really any places in the mall itself to get a decent sit-down lunch or dinner.  If they get around to having some serious restaurants in the mall (it's too bad they didn't use the basement space where the Old Navy is now to open a couple of restaurants) then it would be the perfect place to shop.  However, right now it's about as good as it gets if you're looking to get some shopping done.
The 12 days of Christmas continues. I use to live in Paramus so I have been here many times in the past. The Bergen Town Center mall has been finally renovated to compete with the other two leading malls in Paramus namely the #1 Garden State Plaza and the #2 Paramus Mall. Considering the renovation I would say that the Bergen Town Center mall is now a strong contender against the Paramus mall depending upon which retailers you have interest in. The bottom line is that the Bergen Town Center mall is back in the race so I will likely return for their specific unique retailers.
Even though it's an outlet mall only some stores have great deals. Most things can be found else where for the same cost. Selection is good especially for children, lots of kids stores.
If you knew what this place was before the implosion and subsequent makeover, you'd be astonished!  Bambergers used to be where Century 21 is now.  A & S formerly occupied Target's corner.  And don't forget all the mom & pop stores in between! Now this place is pretty much an outlet mall, but a very good outlet mall.  Great stores and quick, delicious dining options too. My favorite is the Nike Outlet.  I've spent thousands here for myself and for others.  A close second is Century 21.  That's a done deal.  High end for cheap, you can't beat that with a bat! Other winners include: Whole Foods Market Nordstrom Rack Bloomingdale's Outlet Neiman Marcus Last Call Bobby's Burger Super Target Losers include: Tommy Hilfiger (how the mighty have fallen) Marshalls (disaster area) US Polo Assn (no affiliation with Ralph Lauren) Get in where you fit in...
Geezus...I'm broke. My date dragged me to this "mall" and it sucked the greenbacks right outta my wallet, yo! Bloomingdales + Marshalls + Century 21 + Banana Republic + Nike + Converse + Target+ Whole Foods + Gap + Nordstrom Rack + Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH = $0 balance in my saving account I just found out that I'm an impulsive clothes shop-a-holic.
I shopped what's the Bergen Mall, what's now being called Bergen Town Center prior to its revamp.  The original business model/floor plan was individual stores in a row a la strip mall.   The revamped Bergen Town Center now features individual chain discount stores, each with its own individual entrance but connected to one another via a corridor (think large outlet malls like Jersey Gardens or Sawgrass Mills)--you have to walk through the store to the back to get to the corridor part.  As a result of the restructure, my fiance and I could visit the other large stores without leaving the building and getting rained on.  There are smaller stores in the corridor such as Game Stop, Villa Pizza, Subway, Payless, Celebrity Salon, an individually owned men's clothing shop, etc.  Going into the Town Center, I wasn't aware of the smaller stores and if you drive by BTC, you may not see notice the signage. Seems like the BTC is struggling a bit, but with such great stores like Marshalls, Saks Off5th, Filene's, Century 21, Target, and Whole Foods, it has to survive. Structure is handicapped accessible  with public restrooms and both a parking lot and garage.
Nordstrom Rack is a definite! Nike outlet- only when they have their additional percentage off on top of clearance Marshall's- when you have the time to deal with the havoc Century 21- when you need a certain item and you need to be in and out Osh Kosh B'gosh/Carters- great end of season sales For your meal/snack: whole foods, qdoba, sarku and frozenpeaks I love parking on the 3rd/4th floor of the parking deck. Yea you have to walk a flight of stairs down to the main mall entrance or compete with the strollers using the elevator. But you will always find a spot and you wont need to deal with the craziness.
Whole Foods Is What Makes This Mall Tolerable Decent mix of outlet stores with a clean wide open feel. Lot's of thieves running out of stores and the pizza place stinks up that whole end of the mall. It could be worse.
The re-branding mentioned in one of the reviews previously is complete and this place is now somewhat upscale with the addition of a Nordstrom Rack, a Target and... a WHOLE FOODS.  I'm still shocked. If you'd been here before , when it was all super low rent discount stores, you'd understand why. I'm so happy to have a bus accesible Whole Foods and  that I can continue to live in the bougie life I am accustomed to. The mall itself is a bit empty but the promises of cell phone kiosks and your mall food mainstays are on the way.
I almost hesitate to review this gem of a shopping center because I wouldn't want anyone else fighting for the amazing deals, but alas, the Yelper in me feels the need to share with everyone that Bergen Town Center is the IT place to satisfy all your shopping needs. Nordstrom, Bloomingdale's, Saks 5th --- the list goes on & on.  The interior is beautifully lit, well-decorated & gives you a supremely upscale feel.  I will most definitely be returning to this location over & over & over again.   Bought some MaxAzria dresses yesterday for only $40 each (normal price was $139) ... uhm ... how are you going to top these sorts of deals?   I WILL LOVE YOU FOREVER, BERGEN TOWN CENTER.
A slice of a discount shopper's dream...  Century 21, Nordstrom Rack, Bloomies, and few of my other outlet favorites (Bananna Republic and J Crew).   If having all of these shops weren't convenient enough, there is also a Whole Food and a Target.... ...sigh..died and gone to shopper's heaven  =)
One word - Century. Century 21 is the central focal point and ultimate destination any time we are in the Bergen Town Center. To the point, that we dont' even call it the Bergen Town Center, we just say we're going to Century. Wholefoods, Off Saks, Nordstrom Rack, Bloomingdale's, Last Call Neiman Marcus, are just some of the other treats. The best part is that most recently they built a whole parking lot, and so parking is not as much of a problem as it used to be.
This place is still open? It's honestly like "Dawn of the Dead" walking through there. Everything is shut and gated, and you half expect a zombie searching for brains to jump out at you any second. This mall is a dead man walking, for sure.
Two words: Nordstrom Rack! Sure there are other outlet stores like Nike, Bloomingdales, Century 21, Marshall's and such, but Nordrtom Rack is definitely the shining star in this conveniently located, mini-outlet. Add Target and Whole Foods to the mix and you have the ultimate one stop shop. This mall used to be a total shit hole, but a fairly recent renovation turned this hot mess into a shopper's paradise.   Additional pros: - Qdoba - Qdoaba and, - Qdoba Cons: Traffic - it's a bitch, esepcially on Saturdays. Parking - the lot is always packed, but you'll eventually find a spot...in Africa!
Unfortunately, it's been redone and all of the nostalgia is gone. :-(   Here is its amazing history (read the "about me" section and check out the photos!): myspace.com/bergen_mall
I think Bergen Town Center gets most of their foot traffic from the Century 21 store and Whole Foods. It is basically your Nordstrom Rack on steroids. Super cluttered. I don't like to dig through racks to look at clothes. I just look at what looks good hanging on the sides or folded on top. If you shop like me then you won't fare well at Century 21. I didn't even bother to peruse the area. The stores weren't all that great. Nothing that interested me. How unfortunate to say that I went to a mall and only Target and Whole Foods were the highlight of the trip. I did, however, venture outside and walked across the parking lot to Ulta. If you're looking for some sweet deals and don't mind digging definitely check out Century 21. I think I'll stick to Garden State Plaza just across the way.
I was initially very excited to visit this place. Mostly because they have a NORDSTROM RACK! which is like my favorite store in the whole world. But alas, I was disappointed. Hugely. 1. The NJ transit bus dropped me off, literally, along the interstate, which I definitely wasn't expecting. 2. The Nordstrom rack was SMALL and SUCKED. The employees were nice though. 3. The Century 21 was better than the one in Manhattan, and certainly much cleaner, but they didn't have anything I would even want given to me. Or given to anybody I care about. Cheap nasty crap. 4. The Marshalls double sucked. 5. The shoe section at the Off 5th was nice and they had a great sale going on. But the rest of the Off 5th was a let down. 6. They were playing Muzak, both in the corridors and in the stores. On a good note, this was by far the cleanest mall I've ever been to.
I love this place! It is my go to shopping center. Most of the stores offer really great deals and though there are always a lot of people there it usually doesn't feel crowded. I will say that finding parking can be a bit of a problem sometimes. I suggest this place to anyone who asks me where to go to find good deals!
Until recently, no one could convince me to set foot in a mall for the sole purpose of shopping on a Saturday. I was told the new & improved Bergen Town Center would not overwhelm me with crowds, and that the sales & outlets stores would be worth it. It's all true. It's been transformed into a very nice shopping center with just the right variety of stores to find whatever you're looking for. And you can find it cheap with a Gap Outlet, Marshall's & Century 21 all within walking distance of each other. As per usual, the parking lot can get hectic, but follow all traffic laws, and you'll find yourself a spot with a stress-free stroll to the entrance.
This is one of the best mall rehabs ever.  The old Bergen Mall was a target for demolition until someone had the great idea to convert it to an outlet center in the retail capital of the US.  Plus, no sales tax on clothes!  Goodbye, Woodbury Commons, hello Bergen Town Center! It has something for everyone, including one of the best and biggest Whole Foods Markets anywhere (with a liquor license, no less).  My go-to's here are Century 21 (best in the chain), Bloomingdales, Saks and Nordstrom outlets (all good - particularly the first two), the aforementioned WFM and assorted smaller outlets such as Banana Republic.  A very large and well-laid out Target is here, too.  I love Bobby's Burger Palace for lunch, too - it is worth the wait. Easy access from GSP via Route 4 (traffic is always bad on Saturdays).  It is in Bergen County, so remember everything except Whole Foods, the burger place and maybe Target is closed on Sunday.
What can I say? They got it all. Like other outlets..brands like Gap, Nike are there too but what I got my eyes on are Bloomingdale's, Century 21, Sak Off Fifth, Last call, Nordstrom Rack, ... New, Small, Not crowd :) Perfect!
One word --- obsessed!! Outlets mall is amazing and indoors which is another bonus! My top 3 stores - 1. JCREW 2. NORDSTROM OFF RACK 3. LAST CALL NM Garage parking perfect for a rainy day. Starbucks inside target is also key. Best Place. LOVE LOVE LOVE
Bergen town center is awesome it's clean, upscale, and it's got shopping/dining. Lots of department stores like Nordstrom rack, Bloomingdales, century 21, and saks 5th avenue. Supermarkets like target and whole foods. They've got 2 gyms blink fitness and 24 hours fitness. A salon and health/beauty shops. Ice cream shops and places to eat like Olive Garden, pei Wei, potbelly, and qdoba. I can guarantee you won't get bored here,and I love how it's so close to my place. my only problem with this place is that it's confusing to drive around this place, and I don't think their gonna fix that in the near future because this place is new.
Wow, this mall has it all! From Daffys, to Neimans, Nordstrom, Saks, a lady can go broke here! So many good deals, sales, outlet prices, you still feel like you are getting a great bargain while spending as much as your heart/husband/credit card will allow. Between Jersey and New York there is so much good shopping, its unbelievable! The mall is huge but easy to navigate, nothing but great shopping options, a shopaholics dream come true!
I have not been there since it was a Bergen Mall...It is a complete makeover... Honestly there are not any stores in there that phase me but if you a shopper and you like the stores that they have then it is worth checking out...
I have been going to this mall, having lived blocks away and growing up around my grandparents house, also a few blocks away, for most of my life and have seen it change a LOT in recent years from a slow, deserted oldskool mall into what it is now....and what it is now is a great place for good deals! This mall features a lot of off the path discount outlets right here in Bergen County!  The store features such places as Marshals, Century 21, as well as outlet shops for Nike, Timberland, Nordstrom off the Rack, Sachs 5th avenue etc.  There is also a HUGE Whole Foods and Target (with its own Starbucks, but the one across the highway is better) This place also features a Quedoba restaurant, Bobby Flay's burger palace, nathans stand and the pre-prepped food section of Whole Foods (which is pretty extensive from vegetarian to meat).  It is also very nearby a Wendys, Fuddruckers and Popeyes on the same side of the mall, as well as a Chipotle, Panera and Starbucks on the Rt 4W side.   This mall is a great place to stop in the area that saves you from having to drive all the way to Woodbury Commons (and have to pay NY taxes) or from having to drive all the way to Jersey Gardens in Elizabeth.  Its SO convenient that its only a few blocks from my house....I'd imagine this place to be a challenge for the NYC pedestrian types, but there are many shuttles at the mall that go to NY as well as the other Paramus malls.   Check it out!
Bergen Town Center is a seemingly huge improvement over what used to be on this site.  It's like an indoor outlet mall, although they really don't go out of their way to bill themselves as such.  There are quite a few stores, but they aren't putting Woodbury Commons out of business any time soon. Century 21 seems to be the drawing attraction, but I just don't get it. I really go here for the Whole Foods, although on our latest trip our DD did love the Disney Store Outlet.   This last visit was maybe the 2nd time that we've actually walked around the mall part of it, usually we just hit up Whole foods from their dedicated entrance around the backside of the mall.   Parking never seems to be a problem which is a plus.  It's a little difficult to navigate in order to get back onto Rt. 4 West, but all in all it's not too bad.  One of these days we'd like to check out the Target but we never quite make it down to that end of the building.
This was always the shadiest mall of all the ones in Paramus.  The interior was dark and dreary, and definitely conveyed the 1970s more than the 1990s or 2000s.   Recently, its acquired Century 21 (a fabulous department store) and there are plans for a Target and a Whole Foods to open soon.  Although these stores will greatly enhance this mall's reputation and increase its revenue, there needs to be an interior makeover to attract the crowds seen at the other malls in the area.  Maybe some windows??
First off, I will always all it The Bergen Mall. "Bergen Town Center" is too damn hard to remember. That being said, it's weird to see the mall so crowded. They have a nice Target (I have two Targets within walking distance. Wow.), Whole Foods is always good, but expensive. There's Bobby Flay's burger place that sometimes has a line outside. All in all, I like the 'new' mall, but sometimes I get nostalgic for the olden days of the early 1990's when I would hang out with the other mall rats and headbangers. Not really much of that anymore
Edit: I gave it few more shots and its a nice mall. More organized and clean version of Jersey Garden Mall in Elizabeth NJ. Positive: Location and new mall Negative: Traffic and more parking headache than your momma.
Great shopping center not as crowded as GSP, very nicely remodeled. Many places to shop and get food.
I like this outlet because i'm just 5 minutes away! It's not crowded and there are a lot of couches scatterred everywhere. My husband and I go straight to J Crew then to Marshalls though the Marshalls here doesn't have a wide array of good items. Century21 is also the best and love the Nordstrom rack. I just wish that there was a small food court here.
This is my favorate mall period.... ample parking and every store I need to stay so fresh and sooo clean. Century 21, Nordstrom basement,  and off 5th ave are the some of the stores in this mall will keep u champagn fly on beer money!!!! They even have a whole foods so u won't be hungry shopping...             win win.
Outlet shopping has come to Bergen County! For those of us who have been in this area for the for a while, you'll understand how great this mall turned out to be.  What used to be in this lot was the Bergen Mall, a run down crappy mall that used to have a bit of a crime problem.  What stands here now are premium upscale outlet shopping and some decent dining options.  Whether it's Target, Whole Foods, Banana Republic, or Old Navy, this mall has something for everyone.  The outlets bring a great value with premium brands.  Parking can get a bit hectic on the weekends, but I never find myself looking for too long.  The inside is usually busy, but never mobbed.  Everything looks clean and well maintained, it really makes it a pleasure to shop here.  There isn't really a food court, but that's fine by me.  There are even islands of stores outside the main building, with more shopping like ULTA beauty supply and Jos A Bank.  Restaurants on the highway side include an Olive Garden and a Bahama Breeze.  I haven't been to the latter option and it's likely a chain, but I won't hold it against them.  There's even a gym on the bottom floor, highway side.  I find myself going here for most of my retail shopping time and time again. Bottom Line: Premium outlet selection in a great location
Not that big, but has a lot of great stores! I usually go to WholeFoods when I come here. The salad bar is amazing. Also the Nike store. Very convenient since its really close to where I live.
I miss the old Bergen Mall.  That place kicked mad North Jersey flavor especially the basement.  I guess the new and improved mall is okay.  But those type of joints are a dime a dozen.
My mom and I came here this afternoon because I've been wanting to visit a Century 21 and this is the closest one to my house.  The shopping center is very conveniently located right off Route 4, and it's a quick ride up the Parkway.  We weren't impressed at all with Century 21, but there are other very good outlets in this center.  We were most impressed with the Gap outlet and the Nordstrom Rack.  I found so many beautiful clothes in this store -- we spent most of our time in here.  The Bloomingdales outlet was mediocre, but I'd definitely come back here to visit the Nordstrom Rack.
Huge space that has everything a girl on a budget could want. I think of Bergen Town Center as a place good for an upper middle class family. They have Whole Foods for grocery shopping, an Off Saks, Bloomies Outlet, and a huge Century 21. It's like outlet shopping but indoors and much cleaner. I think it's worth dropping by if you're going to Woodbury especially because it's indoors (no freezing your ass off here!) and they have a ton of great options. Remember to drop by their customer service desk and get a free coupon booklet. It'll save you some $$$.
LOVE this place!!! Thank God someone had the smarts to take the old and dying Bergen Mall and transform it into a big, clean, bright and modern outlet mall. I could easily spend an entire afternoon in here but my favorite go-to places here are Gap Outlet, Marshalls, and Bobby's Burger Palace. It is conveniently located to practically every major highway in NJ and has plenty of parking.
Bergen town center is an indoor outlet mall with a whole foods and target.  They have century 21, nordstrom rack, off 5 th ave, blooming dales outlet in addition to a marshalls, etc.  Nice selection of stores but the prices are not very discounted and it can get crowded here.  Parking is pretty easy and they do have a coupon book that comes out every few months.  Overall a nice place to shop if you have patience.
Great place! They've really classed this area up. Take a day to go and browse all it has to offer. Stop in at Bobby's for a burger. Highly recommended!
This mall has everything. Small and has all the shops that could spend all my money - and they did their job properly. Definitely go back there again - After I save some money... :-)
For an outlet mall, A++ due to: 1. being new 2. being enclosed, with a very nice interior space 3. great anchors- Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom, Bloomingdale's and Saks outlets 4. a Bobby Flay burger place Very attractive and pleasant place to shop.
really liked this place. great selection of stores. a few outlets and a few are regular stores. also liked the bobbys burger joint there.
Nice concept for an outlet mall but some of these outlets have a lot of "made for outlets" junk! On a very recent visit I was dismayed to learn that a number of smaller new stores have been squeezed out by managemnet who I was told" doubled all of the rents" Not a nice way to welcome your new tenants at all! Place is just Ok
OMG...I love this place for 2 reasons: Century 21 & bloomie's outlet store.  Packed with annoying crowds, yes, but so worth it.
Best mall in area.
This place tried to re-brand itself as the "Bergen Town Center", but has failed miserably.  I don't understand why ?  Anyone who knows Paramus knows that it is a hotbed for big malls with big name retailers, restaurants & money machines.  I almost feel like the company that owns the Bergen Mall, oh sorry "Bergen Town Center" never got the memo about how to cash in on this extremely wealthy demo.  The ceiling tiles are brown, the decor is 1970's and depressing, and the stores are either boarded up or are no name shops run by fat men in stained white V-necks.  The only plus is Bergen Counties only Century 21 Department Store, besides that, they might as well hand out cyanide tablets in the food court, because upon visiting you will want to kill yourself.  :)   Ahhhhh, I Love Yelp !
I will give this mall 2 stars today, but they are in the midst of a massive renovation plan which will bring a Lowe's, Target, Whole Foods and have already branded themselves as the upscale discount mall in the sea of malls in Paramus. Century 21 has a massive store here (I will review this) but the inside oft the mall is very dark, no open air atrium and has quite a 70s feel to it. From the exteritor it looks tired as well and there were a few questionable characters lurking around the exterior of the mall, in fact a few were smoking weed. Oh well, I'm sure this will change once the renovation is complete. Filene's Basement  is here as well, Off Saks 5th.
Great mall. It's clean,fun,large and has gorgeous fish tanks all over. It has events for families all the time. It's more focused on families. You don't have the teen group hanging around cursing and smoking by the front door so you don't have to cover your child's ears (in my case 3 kids) so it's nice to know I don't have to pick which kid gets to get even more corrupted and which one doesn't due to the fact I only have 2 hands! There's even a church upstairs to the mall. So if over spending and not omitting the exact amount spent from your significant other is a sin you can repent  pray and spend some more .........conveniently,  than go home and tell him that god forgave you so Well's Fargo should forgive your delayed house payment as well (lol). Great shopping tactic for them though..seems to bring in alot of older woman and grandma's love to spoil their grandbabies..so kudos to whoever's idea that was. The Whole Foods Market is located in the middle of the mall and  has amazing lunch as always. Target is also in same location. Also there's a Chucky Cheese across the little alley from Marshall's so you can bribe your little angel's to be patient while you shop!!! ( Yes, I know that's not recommended but really every parent does it). All the store's except Target are outlet's so the pricing is supposed to be cheaper but I think Gap and Children's Place charge the same no matter where there located. You have Sak's fifth Ave, Marshalls, Gap, Osh Kosh B'Gosh,Guess and ect... Great little shopping center.. Oh and there's Ultra across the parking lot.
Not an entire lot of stores but enough to enjoy. Small hallways so it will get croweded where you can not move. The stores that are in there werer nice. The only down side is they have no food court.
not your typical outlet mall... this one has target and whole foods at the opposite ends of the mall
This whole center has been renovated recently and is decidedly more upscale than its previous selection of stores.  The Century 21 yield some relatively premium brands, and so do the Off 5th - Saks Fifth Ave Outlet, Neiman Marcus Last Call, Nordstrom Rack, and Bloomingdale's Outlet Store.  Of course, I still frequent the Marshall's, and the Gap outlet is still there, and I saw that they are prepping for Banana Republic and j.crew (though rumors of j.crew men's only - HMPH - what about the ladies?!).  Target is always packed, and I like that there isn't a food court but restaurants scattered all over.  The Whole Foods is immaculate and also has a wide selection of quick, dine-in options.  The Ulta store is also another frequent destination.  The Bergen Town center is a nice alternative for a quick shopping trip (as opposed to making the trek to Woodbury Commons or even Jersey Gardens).  I do recommend that on Saturday, try to get there before lunch.  Otherwise you'll find yourself prowling for 10+ minutes for a spot.
Pros: Great place to come and browse around. Basically it is a fancy mall for rich Bergen folks and some non-Bergen people who want to feel rich like me. Cons: Full of conservative Republicans who live in the North but think like a Southern rich plantation owner -- Ignorant and extravagant. For them eating in an expensive Japanese sushi bar or Argentine steakhouse is the closest thing their ignorant self went to eating "exotic food". (Yes it's kinda unrelated to the mall, but had to vent.)
So many outlets, so little time. This mall boasts a Nordstrom Rack, Off Saks Outlet, Neiman Outlet, Bloomingdales Outlet, a Century 21, JCrew and so much more. There's also a Whole Foods. Boom. Overall, I didn't really find that much that I actually liked and felt there was value, but definitely a great mall if you like outlets.
It's not often that I drive around in this general area. I've heard a lot about this mall, and since I had some free time on my hands before meeting somewhere else, I just had to visit! The mall is located right off of NJ-4, which is easy for those who are coming  from the Garden State Parkway (which I utilized) and NJ-17. I was able to park in the garage across from the Olive Garden without an issue. But that was probably because I came on the evening of a weekday.  There was another parking lot off of Spring Valley Avenue where the Target and Whole Foods Market stores were anchored. This mall has three levels, but to me, it felt like it only had just one. I'll explain that later. The 3rd level was simply made up of the Lincoln Technical Institute. The mall has a good number of anchor stores, and most of them can be accessed from the outside of the building by the NJ-4 OR Spring Valley Avenue sides. The lower level mostly consisted of various anchor stores that could be easily entered from the NJ-4 side outside. H&M and Old Navy was also located on the lower level, but those had to be entered from the mall entrance on the Spring Valley Avenue side. I actually had a bit of a hard time trying to enter the mall. Usually when you enter an anchor store, you would expect to easily find the entrance to the mall from there. I tried to enter the mall through Neiman Marcus's Last Call store and HomeGoods, but there was no entrance. But when I entered the Century 21 store (which was quite nice!) and climbed up the escalator, the mall entrance was right there, which was also called the 2nd level. The 2nd level was the main mall level. Various stores were lined up on both sides of the level. The level looked really nice and clean, and there were some areas where you could sit down and take a break. There were even some cool aquariums right across from Marshall's. The restroom facilities were fine and the water fountains were functional. I looked at Nike, Tommy Hilfiger, Disney, Whole Foods, Lindt Chocolate, and Target. Those stores were just okay overall. This mall isn't as big as I thought it would be. If you were to simply walk from one side to another, you would be done in around 5-6 minutes. It felt like there was only one level since a lot of the stores and patrons were located on the 2nd level, and there was no indoor corridor on the lower level that connected those NJ-4 side anchor stores to each other. That probably explains why I had a hard time trying to enter the main mall area from that particular side. Also, NOT every store here is an outlet, and that obviously includes Whole Foods and Lindt Chocolate. Overall this mall is just okay. I certainly wouldn't drive all the way up to Paramus solely for the purpose of coming here. But if I was to come back again, I would just visit Whole Foods Market and Lindt Chocolate, since there's none of those stores in my general area. I will recommend coming here for the first time, but for the second time, only if you have a particular store that you want to stop at.
This mall has come a long way since the days that it was considered the "creepy" mall. It was never real competition to the formerly popular Paramus Park, and the now popular Garden State Plaza. Now that it has outlet stores mixed with regular retail, it is on a different level than regular malls, as people will appreciate both shopping experiences each place will offer. The center is neat, clean, organized and updated.
Its a lower end mall with an upscale feel.  They renovated it a few years ago and the result really did "pick it up".  Nordstrom Rack, Century 21, Marshalls, Nieman's last call, Target, Gap outlet, Whole Foods are just a few of the stores here.   Its sort of an outlet mall without being full of outlets, but instead the discount department stores.   Parking can be ok depending on the store you are visiting.
My favorite mall in the area - and there are plenty to choose from (understatement - this is the mall Capitol of ... At least the east coast.) Whole foods, Dunkin donuts, Bobby's burger palace, pizza, Chinese, etc for food. Now on to the nitty gritty - shopping! Target, century 21, Marshall's, off saks fifth ave, h&m, ny&co outlet, gap outlet, old navy outlet...etc. etc. (but those are my favs.) Even on the weekends it's not too crowded. Restaurants including Bahama breeze right next door. A great overall shopping experience without breaking the bank! A must especially around the holidays (when Paramus gets so crazy it's hard to move let alone find parking!) the new parking garage makes it headache free as well. Oh and cvs and chase in same complex - score!
Another mall in Bergen county, the shopping capital of the northeast.  This mall carries higher end products, not as huge as Garden State. Like the mixture of stores and eateries, we generally come for the food and for me a couple of stores. Come visit for shopping and a meal, nice layout of a shopping mall.
lots of parking, lots of options and it is one of the few places out east where i have been able to find a nordstrom rack. The lines on Saturdays seem a bit outrageous, but there is a great selection of outlet stores, along with a whole foods, target and a handful of eateries.Worth a swing by, especially if you are already in paramus to do some ikea shopping. It is also nice to find an outlet mall that is mainly enclosed. Especially so on colder winter days or extremely hot summer ones! The only thing that i hate is just how crazy busy some of the stores get....the lines relaly put me off from completing my purchase sometimes. Oh-and don't forget that this mall is not open on Sundays!
Bergen Town Center has become one of my go to malls. As a high schooler, Newport Centre was the place to be. As a college student, I upgraded to Garden State Plaza. Now in my late 20s, I've landed at Bergen Town Center. Does this mean I'm officially an adult? It's an outlet mall but it has great high end anchor stores like Bloomingdales and Nordstrom and Off Saks. that also means there aren't a bunch of teenagers running wild (ahem GSP). This mall is well kept. There's TONS of parking. And the mall is spread out well that you're able to in and out of different stores easily. They also have a whole foods and target so it can really be a one stop shop.
A nice, relatively calm outdoor and mall center with a range of medium to high end stores and factory outlets. There are also several decent restaurants and a huge whole foods. The outlets are ok, but typically have their own selection apart from the real stores so don't go expecting huge savings on something you saw in the real store. Still, nice to have some relatively relaxing shopping in the area.
This place is a bootlegged-shopaholic's dream! (Speaking from first-hand experience of course.) I don't venture out to Paramus often, but when I do, its almost solely to visit this mall. All those high-end department stores that I have no business stepping foot into...but in outlet form?! Yes, please! This was the basis of my BRILLIANT idea to do Black Friday here this year. And get this...these people ain't crazy...the mall didn't open til 7am! There was a line outside because the 1st 200 people got a gift bag with some goodies inside, including a mall giftcard for up to $5000. I won't lie, we were tempted. But were also cold...and lazy. So instead of braving the cold winter weather, we chilled inside the warm mall for 2min before the stores opened. Our first stop was Bloomies, it was definitely the way to go. Found the key item on my list there! There were no lines waiting to go into the stores. Just a few people hanging around...my type of Black Friday shoppers. Every other store was falling to pieces by the time we got there but that was to be expected. All-in-all, it was a great Black Friday experience. We covered a lot of ground in our 7hrs (yea I know that's absurd) and we had quite a bit to show for it. I do hate how some of the stores connect weirdly to the mall and some you actually have to go outside to access. That is literally my only compliant! They'll probably be seeing my next Black Friday as well!
There's only one reason you should go all the way to Bergen Town Center: a Bloomingdale's Outlet! Need I say more? Oh, and a J. Crew outlet. Actually, I take the former back. The Bloomies outlet is a horrible mess--it's worse than your local trashed Marshall's and that's saying a lot. It's like me not doing laundry for 2 weeks. It's a smaller alternative to Jersey Gardens with a Target and Whole Foods and I find it less crowded. A round of shopping will take you about 3 hours, depending on how much time you spend in each store, but no less. A nice, little shopping area but not worth a trip from NYC or afar.
This isn't really an "outlet" mall so don't go out of your way to come here if you're looking for bargain basement prices. The J Crew wasn't bad, neither was the Nordstrom. Bloomie's and the Gap were overpriced. It would take a lot of time/patience to find deals, but there is a pretty good mix of stores in this mall
