I came here because my boyfriend said it is the best ribs in the world. Turned out i had to agree with him that the ribs are really good. They made the ribs and cooked it wih the sauce (dinosaur bbq sauce) and I loved it. Though, i really doubt it is the best in the world.  I mean,  there are so many bbq around the globe lol. But I must say I will be bias whenever I have ribs now. Since I am from Houston Texas,  I didn't have any ribs as good as this. Made a reservation for 5 and a baby. They are really quick in giving us  seats when we get there at about 7.30pm on a Friday night.  I made an order of combination, any two for $16.95 plus two sides and a cornbread.  I got bbq ribs (4ribs) ans maybe 7-8 slices of brisket, mashed potatoes with gravy and A.K chili.   They did not give me my cornbread but it ia fine. I am not a big fan of cornbread. But others got their cornbread in a muffin style.   I wasn't too impress by their chili.  It is more of a beans and meat and chili. Not very hot. Mash potatoes are good.  Love the gravy. Main course! Ribs are very good especially eaten with sauce. As advertised by my boyfriend. Love the sauce. The brisket are not as good as the ribs but still good enough. Overall I enjoyed the experience and would def recommend it to my friends.
Ive been here three times.  The 1st time was on friday of the opening weekend.  We got rushed out because they sat us where the band would be setting up shortly.  We went again a few weeks later and things were less busy and the server was good.  We tried it again before seeing a show at sheas.  It was busy and the service was a bit slow.  The food is cooked ahead of time im not sure why it takes 30-40 minutes after ordering but maybe thats just how it is when its that busy. The food is ok. It seems a bit overrated.  I find the sides to be very small.  Ive had the mashed potatoes,  bbq rice, black eyed peas, ak chili,  and mac and cheese.  They were all fine but nothing out of the ordinary.   I prefer the brisket to the pulled pork.  You can tell everything is genuinely slow smoked but I find the smoke flavor profile to be underwhelming.   They have a decent beer list focusing on NY state and local breweries.   They have community beer works and hamburg pretty much always. They did add a free parking lot down the street.  We had to pay $10 the first time as we couldnt find any on street parking.  So thats a plus. If it were just for the food I would give it 2 stars but I really like what they did refurbishing this old building.
Ate here a couple of months ago, and it was so-so. The décor is cool and funky, and I like their use of repurposed stuff. The noise level, however, was off the charts. Beer selection was pretty good, and I do like that they offer  1/2 pints, which are good for the girls. I ordered a combo plate of chicken and ribs, with coleslaw and fries for sides. My husband had the brisket with beans and something else that eludes me at the moment. Our food arrived incredibly (almost suspiciously) fast. Thankfully I didn't order a full rack of ribs because they were kind of tough and disappointing, especially since that is their specialty. The coleslaw and fires were better than average. The brisket was tasty, but a bit on the salty side. Buffalo is an ideal place for a joint like this, but they need to get it together. I have been to the Syracuse location before and remember it being really good, but the experience here was kind of a bust. We may give it another shot, but overall, we were not impressed.
I've spent the last almost decade in Virginia, so I'm not unfamiliar with good BBQ. This is definitely good BBQ. The ambiance was a little bit on the chain-y side, but the food was top notch. The mac and cheese side was creamy and spicy, and the pulled pork had a nice smoke flavor to it. It's good to know that I have a place to go to that is similar to my former home!
This place can get slammed.Even with reservations, you may be in for a bit of a wait. But let me stress, if you're coming here on weekends around the dinner hour, MAKE A RESERVATION. Great food although portion size is a little small for the price. Would love it more if they offered a basket of corn bread instead of just one muffin per plate.
I've never been to a Dino BBQ before so the Buffalo location was my first experience ever. I made a reservation via Open Table and we were seated right away. As a popular chain, I was expecting the drink prices to be outrageous. I order a flight of 4 beer samples for only $5.50. It was a Buffalo themed sampler and gave me the chance to try some beers I wouldn't normally order (Community Beer Works). The coolest thing I saw on the beer menu was the option to order half a pint of a beer. That's something I always ask for at a bar but I've never really seen it on a menu before. I went with the 2 item sampler platter. I got the pulled pork, beef brisket, macaroni & cheese and the beans. It came with a corn muffin as well. The beef was tender and came topped with some sauce and jalapenos. It was my favorite thing on the plate - I will definitely get it again next time. The pulled pork was decent. It wasn't the best I've ever had but there was nothing wrong with it. I expected the macaroni and cheese to be creamier for some reason. It was on the dryer side and had a lot of pepper. I think that I am so used to Fat Bob's that I expected this to be better than it since Dino BBQ has such a good reputation. The beans were delicious too. My only complaint is that that the corn muffin was very tasteless. It was almost a chore to chew it but I kept eating it anyway, hoping it would get better once I got the other food taste out of my mouth.
Been to Syracuse, Troy & Rochester.....first time to this one....and it doesn't disappoint. I love the deviled eggs here.....which is rare to find on any menu. A friendly staff moves it up to 5 stars.
Went to Dino the other day for lunch with some co-workers. I was very pleased when I saw the interior of the place. It was bigger than I had pictured it being for some reason. Server came right over to greet us and take our drink orders. He also went over the menu for anyone who had never been to Dinosaur Bar-B-Que before. We all seemed to order something different from the menu. I ordered the chicken sandwich, chow-chow style. It came with some sort of pickled relish and slaw on top. It was such a nice change to the style of BBQ I was used to having. I am a big fan of something sweet on pulled pork or chicken, so this for me was really spot on. The portion sizes were large as well and the selection of sides were great. I had a side of mac n' cheese with my meal which I usually do at most BBQ joints. It was good, but not my favorite. (Fat Bob's) Everything from the food, to the atmosphere and hospitality was an A+ for me.
So much hype in Buffalo, such a disappointment. I have been to other Dinosaur Bar-B-Que restaurants in the past and my past experiences were pleasant and satisfying, but this location just did not do it for my guest and I. First thing that turned me off...we had a reservation and had to still wait for a clean table for about 10 minutes. The place was not overly crowded and there were open tables, just not clean tables, I can understand waiting if the place is packed with customers and there are no available tables to seat us, but there is no excuse to make people wait with a reservation just because the ten tables that were open were dirty. For dinner my guest and I ordered 2 drinks (which came out after our food was on the table and the server realized we had not gotten our drinks yet. The server handled it well and apologized and offered us free dessert). We shared three small plates which were; the BBQ "Burnt Ends" Meatballs, the sliders (the cheeseburger slider and the pulled pork slider), and the Deviled Eggs. For dinner I ordered the Smoked-House Salad with pulled chicken breast and Bar-B-Blues house dressing. My guest ordered the BBQ Catfish. It is sad to say that the best part of our meal were the Meatballs and Sliders. The Meatballs were delicious, crunchy and firm on the outside with a tender inside packed with a great flavor. Sliders were spot on too, great tasting cheese burger slider and a delicious pulled pork slider. The Deviled Eggs really weren't up my ally, way to much filling and they went over board on the mustard. I should have just ordered a side of mustard and ate that. Then came the entrees. My Smoked-House Salad was really disappointing. It looked lifeless on the plate, like someone threw the old lettuce sitting back in the kitchen on the plate, quickly found a few scraps of extra chicken, and splattered the Bar-B-Blues dressing on top of the salad.  The Catfish on the other hand came out very appealing to the eye, but lacked in taste. Catfish was bland even with it being covered in a BBQ glaze. Atmosphere was easy going, just what you would expect, with the sports bar feel. I was impressed with the bar layout and length of bar, a great place to get together for some game watching or happy hour after work with the co-workers. Inside had some cool art pieces and decorated well. Maybe I just went on bad night or ordered incorrectly, but I will give it a second chance in the future and hope for a better outcome.
Been to Dino in Rochester or Syracuse? If so, you know what to expect here. Decent BBQ by Northeast standards. For those new to Dino BBQ here's the general theme: Old urban building converted to BBQ joint while maintaining some charm of the original purpose of the structure. Expect a bit of a biker / blues theme as well. Beyond that - solid (but not exceptional) BBQ. What was ordered - Ribs, brisket, mac and cheese, and fries. All were very solid. The brisket was very good. Tender and moist with good flavor. Ribs were decent -smoky, tender, came off the bone fairly easily. The mac and cheese is sligthly different than other locations - a bit more spice. Perhaps this was an attempt to localize the menu. It worked. Fries are nothing to write home about. Service was friendly and attentitive. Ambiance? Typical Dino - mismatched tables and chairs - Kinda thrown together, but not in a bad way. This is part of the gimmick of Dino. Old factory doors and other relics from the previous life of the building can be found throughout. 4 stars because it's Buffalo. Don't come here expecting Texas or Memphis standards or you'll be disappointed.  Tip - Make reservations online to avoid a wait.
I've been holding off on going to this new spot because I wanted to avoid waiting and waiting for a table - especially since I've already been to the spot in Rochester. Luckily I walked in yesterday and although quite busy (Friday night) we immediately got seated and served. The atmosphere and design of the interior is typical of the Dino BBQ theme, but also features some industrial architecture which works for being in Downtown Buffalo. After a VERY thorough explanation of the menu by our server - who seemed very excited about it - we decided on a Pork Chow Chow Sandwich with Mac n Cheese and a 1/2 Rack of Ribs. We also got a pitcher of their Dino Ale. Everything was tasty! The sandwich with one side filled me up, I couldn't imagine doing two. Our waitress checked on us often and was very helpful. I had a great experience here which I don't know that I expected. I would go again if I were in the mood for BBQ.
I should start by saying I live in Syracuse and this is my firsttime eating away from the Dino-mothership.   I wanted to love this location as much as I do the one in Syracuse but I was a little disappointed.   We went on a Sunday afternoon so it was very empty but even if it had been crowded, the high ceilings and large seating area have none of the ambiance that the Syracuse location does.   Dino is supposed to be crowded and loud and you walk out smelling like BBQ - that's the fun of going to Dino! I had a brisket "cheese steak" with onions and poblano peppers that was very good but I was SO disappointed in the Mac and Cheese!   It was nothing like my absolute favor in Syracuse.    Sadly, the waitress told us that the recipe has been changed at all Dino locations.   Instead of a nice creamy cheese with a hint of fresh jalapeno, the new one is less cheesy and they used pickled jalapenos which give it a very sour flavor that is just not the same. We did try Dino Poutine which was very tasty and something we'd not had at home.
Original pulled pork plater with coleslaw and fries. The meal was ok Smoked porter beer was more bitter Than I like but I wanted to try a local brew. So I can not ding them on that. Music is very loud luckily I was alone and did not have to talk much. Server was very nice and attentive.
Finally tried out this place after hearing months of hype. I've had people at my work get Dino BBQ catering and have heard great things but my dining experience was less than pleasurable. Started with poutine fries and then I got the half rack with two sides (mac n cheese & BBQ rice) and my gf got the brisket sandwich with mashed potatoes. All sides were marginal (rice was pretty damn good actually) but my gf said her sandwich sucked and i wouldn't put these ribs anywhere near top 5. Didn't fall off the bone and had insane amounts of cartilage that were quite hard to get around. Didn't even finish a half rack, and I've been known to gorge myself to a point where I want to die. All in all, it didn't live up to the hype. Not even close. I know this place gets great reviews, and maybe I just caught them on a bad night but I probably won't try it again.
Hubs and I went here just because we wanted to see what the big hype was about. Years ago I went to an event and the line for a Dino BBQ was ridiculously long, like hours wait. So I checked it into my memory that some other time I would have to check this restaurant out. Fast forward to 2014, and I can say its kinda meh...I don't get it... I ordered this sampler appetizer that comes with the option of single, double, triple. You get (per order) 1 wing, some shrimp, 1 potato pancakes (?), 1 deviled egg, and I think that's it. I mean it was fine because you got to sample some stuff but for ~7.25 an order...yikes! My husband got ribs and chicken, cold macaroni salad and mashed potatoes. He says overall for his food he would give it 4/5 stars. He also got hard apple cider for 5.50 a bottle, yikes! I ordered a quarter of a chicken, some shrimp, bbq fried rice and mac and cheese. My food was also good but tiny portions of chicken. The shrimp wasn't anything special at all, but it was good. Overall I would give it 3.5/5 stars. I think our bill came to almost 70 bucks. That's very expensive for good food not great. I definitely wouldn't wait hours for the food. Like I said this place is meh, not bad not super. I don't get it. Also charging people to park in your lot is ridiculous!!! Luckily we went on a deserted Saturday and was able to find parking on the street right away or we would've left. Its one thing if the spots run out, but come on people!
I've written great things about Dino BBQ in Rochester and Syracuse as I've been a fan of them for years now. However, this Buffalo location did not meet the consistent quality (and honestly, portion size) that I've received time and time again at the other locations. The ribs were way overcooked and dried out. It was quite a let-down. I'm giving this location 3** because it's a great asset to help rebuild downtown Buffalo. But at my visit there a month ago, standards were not upheld. I'm pretty disappointed.
Best BBQ place in town! We got the family style BBQ for group of 5 - everyone was happy and it was so much food had some leftovers too
One line review: good food, atmosphere and great service! What I tried: -lemonade moonshine: tastes delicious, comes in a mason jar but a tad but pricey $9 -Combo plate with the brisket, ribs, a side of Mac and cheese, chilli and corn bread. The ribs and pulled work were delicious and the mac and cheese has a great kick to it. The corn bread was dry and lacking any flavor. The wait staff was friendly and service was quick. One complaint that I have is that the food was not hot and that hinders the taste a little. Pros: -good food -atmosphere Cons: -tad bit pricey on a student budget
Well there is huge hype for the same place in Syracuse and I thought I would give it a shot for my moms birthday for lunch. It was not the most amazing BBQ place that I have been to like people say they are. It's okay. Would I go back... Yes but only if it's like friends that want to go that have never. It was 3 people and it cost over 50 dollars. The food plates were not huge either for the price. They charge like 13 dollars for 3 ribs. Man that a lot. It's hard to two stars but also hard for 3 stars. I would say 2.5
I've been going to this Dino since the day they opened.  I saw it through the opening bumps that all restaurants experience, and now to day, I have to say, it's pretty awesome. The atmosphere makes you feel like you're in a  rustic barn.  The service is spot on usually and the food is consistently good.  If you've been to another Dino location you may think that other locations food is better, but give Buffalo's a chance to get its sea legs and it will be just as good as all the rest.   I would highly recommend it especially if you want good brisket.
This was my 2nd time at Buffalo Dino BBQ.  I went in to see the band Teagan and the Tweeds.  Dino has live music every Friday and Saturday night starting at 10PM. They have 18 drafts, which are mostly craft beers, and many were local craft.  They also have 4 wines on Tap!  I ordered the Devil's Dual wings which are their hottest.  They don't taste overly hot at first bite, but the heat does build quite a bit as you keep eating them...   These wings are Pit Smoked and taste much different than your typical deep fried wings.
Good BBQ. Not the same type of atmosphere as the Rochester or Syracuse locations. Went on a Tuesday evening, moderately busy, service was poor. Got the family combo platter. Good amount of food for 4-6 adults. Ribs, chicken, pulled pork, brisket, rolls, 3 sides. Highly recommend the Cajun corn. Good fries too.
After driving all the way to Rochester for my last visit to DBBQ I was pleased to see a Buffalo location pop up. We went on a weekday night when it was not crazy busy and were seated right away.  Our server was a riot and very good at her craft.  The place has a lot of hustle bustle going on, there was lots of noise and movement. A large bar area is there for football and hockey nights as well as a developing regular crowd. The smoke ring and flavor of DBBQ is top notch, they know their craft. The sauces are very good. We had the ribs, pulled pork and brisket. The prices matched the food served,
A solid addition to the Dinosaur BBQ family.  Interior is classic Dino with old antique signs and the wonderful smell of smoked meat.  Good, not great, beer selection.  Had the Drunken Shrimp and Big A$$ Pork plate and it did not disappoint.  Portions are large, so go easy on the appetizers!
We waited until the initial buzz (and associated long wait times) of the opening of Dinosaur tapered off and we were able to get a seat quickly.  Please note that if you want to park near the building, it will cost $5. My wife and I both ordered combos.  I had the ribs and pulled pork.  My wife had the brisket and chicken.  I got a taste of the brisket, but not the chicken.  I'm going to itemize this review. Brisket - Very, very good.  Tender, flavorful.  I would get this again. Pulled Pork - Also very good.   Ribs - Good but needs improvement.  I found that although the flavor was good, they had a very thick, chewy crust.  I understand that may result from the smoking process, and not being a rib connoisseur, I am not sure if that tough crust might be the proper way to serve them.  But I personally did not enjoy the chewy exterior. Mac & Cheese - I really liked this side.  A little spicy kick, I really liked this. Wedge Salad - Acceptable.  Just the small wedge of lettuce with house dressing, which is similar to Russian dressing.  But it was fresh. Beer selection - Pretty good, prices average.  I enjoyed the Dinosaur Smoked Porter. Service - They really shine.  Waitress was prompt but not overbearing.  Checked on us a few times.  Very good service. Overall, I rate this as a very well run restaurant, and all items were of good quality despite my somewhat unfavorable impression of the ribs.  Does it live up to the hype?  Maybe not.  But Dinosaur is a solid choice nonetheless.
Look out Smokey Bones, Buffalo finally has real BBQ. This is my 4th Dinosaur (been to Troy, Syracuse and Rochester at least a dozen times) and they've done a good job here. I've been worried about them losing quality with rapid expansion, but fortunately that hasn't happened yet. This downtown location is roomy, hip and the service is excellent, although their sweet tea needs lots of work. The ribs, pulled pork, pulled chicken we had were exceptional, the best you'll find in Western NY (this is a step up from Brickyard in Lewiston (and Brickyard is good). They have great BBQ (no turkey) and all their sides are good. Come from BBQ and go home happy, but keep in mind it's no where near as cheap as Southern BBQ. You'll pay more here, but it's worth it.
Went here last night with the girlfriend and we made reservations on Open Table. I'm really happy we did because the place was packed when we arrived. However, to my surprise we were seated immediately! We were seated next to the waitress stand which I was uneasy about at first, but ended up being a great place to sit because our waitress was able to check in on us the entire meal whenever she was doing her waitress thang at the stand. I wasn't a huge fan of my seat as I felt like I was going to break it the entire meal, but I guess that's just this places' "charm" coming through. We were asked our drink order by a runner shortly after being seated, and received these very quickly. Our waitress did not tend to our table until about 10 minutes after this, but we did not mind as we were not in a hurry. We ordered the burnt end meatballs as an app which were interesting as they are basically deep fried until they gained that burnt end outside texture (I assume). I wasn't a huge fan of these, and we kind of wished we would have gotten the fried green tomatoes instead (next time). For our entrees I took a risk; instead of ordering a combo platter I got the brisket platter. Oh am I happy I did, it was OUTSTANDING! It was not the best brisket I have ever had, but it was close. I got a side of mac and cheese which very very cheesey, but as other reviewers have said there were too many spices mixed in. I also got a side of the bbq fried rice, which was different but awesome. The only complaint about my meal is that they put the BBQ sauce on the meat by default. Granted it was very good due to the fact that it was warm, but I could see how some BBQ traditionalists would be appalled! She got the pulled pork sandwich which she really liked and from the small taste I had of it, I thought it was pretty good as well. I give this place 4 stars because of the small issues I have listed above, but I will for sure be back to try those fried green tomatoes and these ribs I've been hearing so much about! On a side note, that has nothing to do with the dining experience here; we realized as we were leaving the parking lot that we paid $10 "Event Parking" fee for that they have their own lot on West Tupper for free, BUMMER!
I've been to Dinosaur BBQ on several occasions and have never been disappointed in the food. I love their pulled pork and I have tried their ribs and brisket, which were delicious! I usually get the macaroni & cheese and that is yummy too. I have yet to try their peach cobbler since I always leave here feeling stuffed. If you're in the area I would definitely recommend trying this place. It has been busy everytime I've gone but I have never had a problem with getting a table/seat. You will likely have to stand in a line for a couple minutes to order but it moves pretty fast and there has always been a "host" that checks with you while you're waiting how many people your with to ensure a table. The atmosphere is casual, busy, and loud (but not so insanely loud you can't hear the person next to you). Since it is casual and loud I would definitely consider it "kid friendly" and they have some smaller options available for kids. If you can go without a stroller I would recommend doing so since it can get kind of tight.
I really enjoyed my meal here. I tried the chicken, shrimp, and pork ribs. The chicken and pork ribs are barbecued to perfection and taste really good. The shrimp has not been deshelled, so it retains its juices. There are plenty of them too. The sides were well-made - mashed potatoes were high quality and I the corn and zucchini were good enough. The waitress was attentive, came at the right moments and provided good service. Best meal I've had in a while.
Have been to Syracuse and Rochester locales and the newly opened Buffalo establishment does not disappoint. It does features menu items unique to this location and the standard late night music. I will admit I could be jaded to the experience; I was not wowed with the experience. Staff are very friendly and prompt with their service even with having a packed house. Pulled pork and BBQ Brisket are full of flavor and were consistently exceptional, but their sides were lacking. I know sides aren't the reason you go to a BBQ joint, but they just weren't up to par. My biggest concern was the pasta... Far too al dente for my liking on both occasions for the mac and cheese  and pasta salad. Not what I would expect for this style of cooking. Maybe it's just the Saturday afternoon crew, but just slightly undercooked for my liking. Not a bad experience, but there are definitely some other great establishments in the Buffalo area. Just because they done have the Dinosaur BBQ klout, their food  and experience are just as worthy of visiting.
Ive been reading alot of the negative comments and alot of them are misinformed.  The dinosaur does NOT charge you to park in their lot. They do not own either parking lot on either side but they do have FREE parking thats across from tudor lounge that they allow their customers to park in no charge. They also have free motorcycle parking.  Classic dino. With that being said..... Pulled pork and fried green tomatoes are awesome I get them everytime I go, also the chicken cheese steak sandwich is mind blowing.   Service is awesome. Vast beer selection
I absolutely love love love this place! Is it the laid back, authentic vibe of this bbq joint? Or the seriously clean and nice bathrooms? Or the deliciously homemade lemonade served in a cool mason jar? Or the delicious finger lickin' JUMBO chicken wings? I don't know but everything seems to work out perfectly. I had a lovely time here. The prices of food and drinks were very reasonable. Debated between ribs or brisket on top of wings and it's like they read our mind because there was a pick 3 special for $19.95 that came with two sides. Chicken wings was by far the best. Smokey, bbq flavour, they were big and meaty. Ribs was delicious, tender, not quite fall off the bones but had great flavour. Brisket was pretty good, but I find it a bit dry. Our server was super friendly and service was fast despite it being a full house. Restaurant itself is big, large bar area for those that like to watch the game, or long tables for a party. Now if only they would expand to Canada.....
Atmosphere was nice in a hip building. Unfortunately the server was very distracting. My sandwich was salty and my salad was too sweet. I want to see more New York State "chains" in B-lo but this was a disappointment:( I did up my review from 2 to 3 stars since the manager did come over and took the sandwich off the bill.
When the boy comes home from camp for a 24 hour break he's gotta be fed.  And, he can't be fed just any old thing.  After weeks of being a camp counselor and surviving on camp food the boy needs hearty man food.  When given a choice of where to go, he chose "Dinosaur Bar-B-Que".  We've been to the ones in Rochester and Syracuse... and found this Buffalo cousin to be more wide open and welcoming.  It was just as packed on a Saturday night.... but the open-ness made me not mind waiting at all.  Well, that and the delicious Mojito I had at the bar while we waited for our table.  We were quoted a wait time of 25-30 minutes, and out table was ready in 20.  Fantastic! The menu has most of the items that the other "Dinosaurs" have, plus a couple of additions.  We, however, are all about the Beef Brisket.  It's what we get every time. We started with an order of fried green tomatoes to share and really enjoyed them. The buttermilk ranch dip that accompanied them was fantastic!  Then it was on to the main course.  All three of us ordered the brisket (such a compatible group!) with macaroni and cheese as one of our sides, corn bread (instead of the roll that comes standard), and mashed potatoes with gravy for my son, cold slaw for my boyfriend, and cucumber-tomato salad for me. The portions were large, but perhaps not as large as those in the other "Dinosaurs" which is not a bad thing.  The brisket was flavorful and fall-apart tender, but while the guys' meat was nice and lean, mine had quite a bit of fat on it.  I left about a third of the portion on the plate.  The macaroni and cheese was yummy, but would have been better without the liberal sprinkling of seasoned salt over the top of it.  I was surprised that the corn bread was really corn muffins.  It's not like that in the other "Dinosaurs" and I was kind of disappointed because that cornbread is usually one of the highlights of the meal.  This was just okay.... perhaps a bit on the dry side.  I tasted everyone's other side (as well as my own) and found them to be equally delicious.  The mashed potatoes were real and seasoned just right. The cold slaw was fresh, crunchy, and delicious.  And, my salad was farm fresh, August ripe, and fantastic. For dessert we shared one slice of key lime pie.  It was perfectly tart with a wonderful graham cracker crust and more than a dollop of real (!!!) whipped cream.  It was a great ending to a tasty meal.
Outstanding food and service!! Make sure to get a combo platter and have the Cajun corn on the side. YUMMY!!
Always consistently good bbq.  Great service from our waitress who seemed genuinely excited with the product.  My only critique would be to please, please, please bring back the fried green tomatoes with the shrimp.  Please.  Otherwise love the food and sauces and will of course be back
I really can't give this place any stars, as I didn't eat there; however, I am writing this as a caveat to all of you who think you might want the experience. After all, it did get rave reviews from many Yelpers. I had a reservation for dinner the other day, went in and my friend lobbied for leaving immediately. Why? Because the decibel level was insanely loud. If this is not a big deal for you, great. Unfortunately, it was a deal-breaker for us.
I don't usually like to stuff myself at a food institution unless it's a buffet, but when it's as good as Dinosaur Bar-B-Que (and on someone else's dime), I will probably end up waddling slowly  home with a very full stomach. As I came with a large group, there was a lot of sharing among dishes, which is a Yelp reviewer's dream. I started off with the fried green tomatoes, which were made "fancy style", meaning they were topped with pimento cheese and Chow-chow (pickled vegetable relish). This was perhaps the best part of the entire meal, as the tomatoes simply melted in your mouth, and the pimento provided a savory kick on top. More apps! The chicken wings were quite good, but as a sauce fan that was the difference maker. I was partial to the honey BBQ, though the garlic chipotle was good too. I favor milder wings unless they are buffalo wings, and this was the case here. We also a half pound of the drunken spicy shrimp boil, which was arguably better than the wings, and that is saying a lot. Long story short, awesome appetizers. And finally we get to the pork ribs. After all those appetizers I could only order a half rack, and I barely got through that. My sides of BBQ pork beans and Cajun corn were decent, a very nice complement to all the meat in the meal. To finish it all off, I managed to wolf down a key lime pie. The portion was very healthy, especially all the appetizers and ribs. It was a nice way to top off a very filling and satisfying meal. As for the service, it was simply great. Our waitress went through the menu in depth, which is a very much underrated aspect of restaurant hospitality. She was also always around to check up on each dish and see if we needed our drinks topped off. Couldn't be better. Five stars, just as I gave the Harlem location. The price came out to almost exactly $30 per person, which is certainly fair given the quality of service and quantity of food. I very much plan to come back to try some of the other offerings, and maybe even their local beer sampler.
Solid BBQ joint, just as good as the restaurants in Rochester and Syracuse.  The best thing about this particular location is the ambiance.  A lot of the decor is genuine and was saved from old buildings/houses.  This isn't fake stuff manufactured to look like antiques. It's loud in here, no question, but that's part of its charm.  Don't come here for a romantic date but DO come here with a bunch of friends to drink some good beer and eat some good BBQ. Speaking of beer, they have a good selection with some craft beers and a couple beers that are brewed specifically for Dino. I had a pulled pork sandwich topped with coleslaw and a side of mac n cheese.  Everything was good, although the pork had a couple tough spots and what felt like either a bone or some really thick gristle.  It didn't bother me too much - overall everything was solid. 3 stars because their BBQ will never be as good as the local mom-n-pop joints (I'm looking at you, Suzy Q!!!!).  And they're a little on the expensive side.  But hey, they know they can charge the prices they do because people will always return to Dino BBQ! Very glad they finally opened in Buffalo.
Since Dino opened in Buffalo, I have been here twice.  The first time was with two girlfriends for a girls night out and the second time was with my fiance for lunch.   The first time around, my lady pals and I stupidly decided to go around 6 pm on a Saturday night without making reservations.  Of course, there was an hour and a half wait... but we decided to tough it out.  Dino offers a texting service to let you know when your table is ready which was actually very helpful since we decided to step out and grab a drink (or four) at Cabaret while we waited.   By the time our table was ready, we three ladies were feeling nice and saucy, so, while any food probably would have been delightful, we all really enjoyed our meals.  I ordered a cheeseburger slider (extra points to Dino for putting onion straws on the burger-- yum) and their chopped salad.  All were delicious and I unexpectedly really loved having BBQ sauce on my salad! The slider was really cheap (maybe $3-4) and a really nice size too-- similar to a kids cheeseburger from a fast food place.  I was also thrilled that my meal came with a side of cornbread.   One friend ordered a platter with different types of meats and sides while my other friend ordered the cheeseburger slider with mac n cheese.  We were all eating off each others plates and everything was exactly what you'd desire from a BBQ restaurant: large portions, juicy meats, flavorful BBQ sauces, etc.  My only complaint was that my friend's mac and cheese had an undeniable beefy taste to it which I did not really care for.   Our server was very friendly and attentive despite the crowds in the restaurant.   After our meal, we stuck around to have a drink at the bar.  When my friend ordered a vanilla vodka and coke (which she had already been drinking at our table all night), the bartender tried to tell her that they didn't have vanilla vodka.  Once she told him that she had already been drinking it with dinner, he looked around and magically found a bottle.  A little lazy... Aside from that, our first experience was great!  It's a fun atmosphere for an affordable night out on the town.  We are all looking forward to coming back and checking out live music here over the summer as well. My second experience at Dino was almost just as good.  While the hostess was very nice and accommodating (I accidentally made a reservation for the wrong day, yet she sat us right away anyways), the drinks were noticeably weaker.  Regardless, the food was still very good and my fiance loved his brisket sandwich.  The meat was incredibly juicy and delicious!   Since I have really enjoyed both visits here, I can't wait to return.  My fiance said he'd like to go back as well, but he feels that this location does not feel like a "true" Dinosaur BBQ.  Since he's from the Syracuse area, he grew up frequenting that location, and something about the new Buffalo location feels wrong to him. He wasn't sure whether it was the wide open space or the decor.   While I usually value his opinion, I don't really care this time because I love this place and I want another slider ASAP.
I will keep it simple because there are far too many TL;DRs re: Dino BBQ. What did I love: -Pulled Pork! Second best to Whole Foods in Lakewood (Belmar), CO (yes, I'm serious).  There is no pulled pork even remotely similar to this in all of WNY. No place I've tried yet, at least. Order this, you won't regret it. Smoky, tender, amazing. -St. Louis Ribs! Oh so tender. Though, they taste brined, and then smoked perhaps. Kentucky Greg's can go tit for tat with these. -BBQ Fried Rice! It's fried rice made with smoky pork. Very good and different as a side. What did I like: -Brisket was good, but not the best ever. Needs more fat marbled through it. Most of my portion was lean which meant slightly chewy. Not bad, just not great. -Black Eyed Peas & Collards, Kentucky Greg's has better. They were a little under seasoned and the collards a little underdone for my tastes, but not bad. -Fried Green Tomatoes appetizer, we were quite hungry so we ordered this. They were good! I don't really have any comparison but it was a good way to start our meal. -The Mac & Cheese, it was good but INTENSE. Like really thick and super cheesy. It's not my favorite ever but it gets points for flavor and intensity. I wouldn't order this for myself. The cornbread had great texture but could have been sweeter. I still enjoyed it though. As far as BBQ is concerned in WNY, no place, other than Kentucky Greg's, even comes close to rivaling Dinosaur. -This shit is bananas! -Service was prompt. We were in and out in about 50 minutes. I love quick service. -I made a reservation via their website, on OpenTable. Easy, loved it! -Parking was easy, in the lot next door. 3 hours for $5. Since there were 2 hours left on my ticket, I put it back in the lot machine for someone else to use. But be careful if you are here before 6 because the meter maid was writing lots of on-street tickets! Get your smoked meat on and head to Dinosaur. Overall best BBQ in WNY!
Everyone talks about how great this place is, but I was a bit suspicious. After all, I grew up in Louisiana, have family in Texas, and spent about 10 years of my life in North Carolina. I feel like I really know what barbecue is all about. Well, this place is really, really good. It's well worth the wait. (It takes forever to get seated. I recommend making a reservation well in advance.) The food is delicious! My favorite is the brisket. It's hard to find a place that does brisket right. The brisket here is tender and smokey, cooked slow and low --as they say down south. The brisket sandwich is great, but I also like it on its own, with the black-eyed greens, slaw, and cornbread. The barbecued chicken is very good, too, but I like DBGBs on Allen Street better. I'm not a huge connoisseur of ribs, but the ones I had were out-of-this-world delicious: succulent, moist, fall-off-the-bone tender. The North Carolina pork was good, but not really North Carolina style barbecue. It didn't have that great vinegary flavor that North Carolina pulled pork should have. One great surprise is the pie. I LOVE chocolate pie and theirs is as good as it gets. The atmosphere is just what it should be for a barbecue joint. It's crowded, noisy, a little on the boisterous side. The beer list is very good. It's a great place to go for a fun night out. I'll definitely be back again and again and again. Parking is impossible. Be prepared to pay or hunt for a space.
I've been to multiple Dino locations, and now have had the opportunity to visit the Buffalo location twice.  I must say, Dinosaur BBQ again makes the grade.  The ribs were probably the best I've had, moist, smoky, smothered in extra sauce available at the table.  The pulled pork is also good, and all the sides are freshly prepared and uniquely seasoned.  The also put a nice little twist on deviled eggs (creole seasoning).  The corn bread is muffin style, and each time was a bit drier than the flats served at other locations. On to the vibe...definitely not quiet, then again I don't think that is the point.  The restaurant encourages staff (and patrons) to be themselves, and this entices a wide array of customers and servers alike.  Our service was excellent, and the place was busy even slightly off hours (late lunch and late dinner).  Also, they have an excellent beer selection with local and national micro brews.  With still reasonable prices, this is a awesome place to hang out and have some top notch food.
The thing I love most about this place is that it used to be film storage for Universal Studios. When they brought the building back to life, they incorporated artifacts from its former life along with barbecue decor.   As far as food... Truth be told I am an equal opportunity barbecue lover. Vinegar barbecue, brown sugar barbecue, dry rub barbecue....I love it all. Dinosaur doesn't disappoint. I recommend the smoky sweet brisket. I work in the neighborhood and Dinosaur has been bustling for lunch and dinner every night of the week since it's Buffalo debut. For the foreseeable future, you should call ahead for seating, especially if your party has five or more.
Yay!!!!! This place is awesome.  I have been to the one in Rochester and Albany but I also really liked this one as well.  DinoBBQ seems to do it well wherever they go. Last night a group of me and my friends went here.  For a Tuesday night it was very busy but we managed to find one parking spot left.  We entered with a reservation and got seated within ten minutes.  The hosts were really friendly and nice. The menus were laid out and our group of buccaneers chose the family meal pack for $70.  We also got poutine as an appetizer.  The poutine came out in literally 5 minutes.  The rest of the meal came out in not much longer after that (15 minutes) and it all tasted amazing.  They must have their food cooked, ready to order because there was easily over six pounds of food on the table. The ribs, pulled pork, brisket, chicken and fries side were all cooked well and the ribs were falling off the bone.  The mac and cheese we also got on the side is some of the best I have ever had (really try this!).  It turned out also that our waitress was from the same high school as us and she was super friendly, great and attentive. I could see anyone liking BBQ and beer really loving this place.  If you don't like these things then this definitely isn't the place for you. I will go back when I come back to town, great job on the new restaurant guys!!!
So we have been to the Syracuse & Rochester Dinosaur restaurant,and now bflo! Love the fact they have special motorcycle parking along the side of the building! We had reservations for a Friday night. We only had to wait a couple minutes at the bar before we were sat. They were super busy, but our server Grace was great! Super friendly and on top of thing. We never had an empty glass. We started with the burnt end meatballs and the shrimp boil. The shrimp were delicious but messy since they are peel and eat, the meatballs, meh! Would not order them again. Kind of dry actually. For our entrees, I had the chicken and ribs with mashed potatoes and gravy and the tomato and cucumber salad, my husband had the brisket and pulled pork with BBQ dried rice and tomato and cucumber salad. All of the meats on our plates were delicious! The sides on the other hand were underwhelming. The BBQ fries rice was the only one we would order again. All and all we would come back here if we wanted to try a fun new BBQ sandwich, but for just straight up BBQ, we will go back to our fav...Kentucky Greg's.
I been here 4 times and tried well basically all the staples on the menu. You really can't go wrong with what you pick. Anyways, foods been consistent. Very good! Brisket is still the king of the hill. Cajun corn with potatoes mixed together is off the hook. Granted the service can be slow at times but at the same token this is still a new establishment and a work in progress. Don't be baffled by the buzz of negative feedback, from newbies or faceless yelpers(those who can't even post their photos) I tend to disregard there feedback! Yes I said it....sad but true! It seems every review about places has those 1 or 2 review people who the majority of the time leave a 1 or 2 star review. If you really don't like bbq don't come here. If you have to wait an extra 15-30 minutes do to your name on a waiting list don't go! If you don't like inexperienced staff, don't go. There's always fast food complainers! Go there!
Today is a beautiful day. I called Dino and ordered old light lunch: 1/4 rack of ribs, Mac n cheese, chili, and cornbread for a very reasonable $10. Then, instead of driving to Rochester, I drove 5 minutes to franklin street to pick it up. Walking from my car to the new location for the first time, the familiar smell of Dino filled the air, and filled heart with joy. BBQ sauce and joy. The building exterior is really cool, but I'm sure you've already read about that. The inside is familiar; a smaller version of the other locations with some unique Buffalo flair. Very Dino. I picked up my order, went home, and inhaled it like a dog who was just given ice cream. It was just as good as the other locations, which is to say that it was incredible BBQ perfection, found nowhere else this north of Tennessee. Today is a beautiful day.
Went down to Dinosaur Bar-B-Que today, recently opened here in Buffalo and I love a good BBQ when I can get it. Walked in around 11:30, place opened at 11 and was greeted happily and asked if we had a reservation. Clearly they've been pretty popular in their opening, I was a little taken aback since it was so early in the day, but was promptly seated at a table with my friend. The service was awesome, explained the menu in depth, highlighted personal favorites and gave honest reviews about all of the food, including what she hadn't tried yet as to not give a misleading opinion. My friend and I led off with a 1/4-pound order of their boiled shrimp. Had to peel them yourself and they were served cold, but the sauce to dip them in was a nice mix of spice and flavor and was a nice starter for the two of us. I ordered the Big Ass Pork Plate and was not left unsatisfied. The sauce is what makes the meal. The original sauce that is used is delectable and I may find myself ordering a bottle of it when I make BBQ at my place. The Mac N' Cheese was to die for. A nice little kick of spice but nothing that makes it feel like the mouth is on fire, just a very nice flavor to compliment the food. The BBQ Fried Rice was a little different, not a huge fan of it after having it but can definitely see others enjoying. The place is a little pricey, won't be coming here on a weekly basis, portions were alright for the price but I was very happy and impressed and will consider this as a place to go for special occasions. Table was cleared quickly and professionally, every employee was very nice and attentive and well-informed on what was going on. I can see this place is going to be very popular, I'd say just watch the pocketbook a little bit. A fountain soda will run you about $3 with a pint of some alcoholic drinks running you $5. Great food, great service, price just made me question it getting a 5 star rating. I encourage you to try it out and see for yourself. The menu is expansive.
We had a great experience on our first trip to the Buffalo location. WIthout a reservation, we knew getting a table would be iffy (even at 5:30 on a Friday), so we called when we were 5 minutes out and the host was able to grab us a seat. The service was super quick and the waitress knew the menu inside and out--no problems answering questions or making suggestions. I ordered the smoked broccoli Reuben (smoked broccoli, BBQ sauerkraut, Swiss, and BBQ mayo). It's $9.95 with one side or as a platter for $11.50 with two sides. Having a craving for both fries and mac-and-cheese, I went with the platter. The sandwich was one of the best VEGETARIAN sandwiches I've ever had--in fact, I've been craving one ever since. BIG kudos to Dinosaur for skipping the culinary cop-out (the ubiquitous and rarely exciting veggie burger) and actually designing a vegetarian offering that is a fully conceived, complex, unexpected, and delicious. And they didn't stop there! At the same price point they offer another veggie sandwich: the FGTV (fried green tomatoes, pimento cheese, shredded cabbage topped with home-made Chow-Chow and BBQ mayo). Can't wait to try it! My husband opted for the "pick your own combo" selection, choosing shrimp, brisket, and St. Louis ribs served with cornbread and two sides for $19.95 (he chose mac-and-cheese, plus mashed potatoes with gravy). He seemed very satisfied with the whole meal--at least that's what I assume from the pile of napkins and practically licked-clean plate left behind! If I have any tiny complaints it's that the mac-and-cheese was a bit on the dry side. Also, the parking lot adjacent to the building could be better marked; it's a PAY lot, not actually affiliated with the restaurant (despite the fact that the patio opens up onto it).
Nobody does it like DINO! I am so happy Dinosaur Barbecue came to Buffalo! This wasn't my first time at the Dino so I knew what to expect. I called ahead and they said they might be a 20 minute wait. They just opened about a week ago so I was expecting to wait much longer than 20 minutes and then another 20 minutes or so for food so I was planning on waiting a while for this delectable meal. But to my dismay we walk right in and order our food Melissa our waitress was wonderful and "kind" to quote my boyfriends words. The whole experience took about an hour and we didn't have to wait or feel rushed! We ordered chicken wings and deep fried Green tomatoes as an appetizer. The wings came out first and then our food actually came out before the Green tomatoes. Melissa was so nice she offered a complimentary dessert for the inconvenience but we were not inconvenienced at all as you're carrying a massive plate of delicious pork to the table. The service was impeccable and the food delectable I would recommend dinosaur barbecue to anyone of my friends and family!
We've been wantin to try out Dinosaur since they opened the buffalo location; we've been to both the Syracuse and Rochester locations and love them. We immediately got places at the bar, and the bartenders were great. We tried the fried green tomatoes, the deviled eggs and the wings for appetizers. Everything was amazing; the fried tomatoes are a must! For dinner we had the full rack of ribs with the chili, mashed potatoes, Mac & cheese and beans. Everything was absolutely amazing; we would come back in a heartbeat. Totally worth it!
Was a bit disappointed in Dinosauer BBQ, after dreaming of it for a year after visiting the Rochester location, I didnt think it lived up the the hype. My friend and I both got the combo meals, which the food was decent, but I felt the portion was small. I had a home brewed smoked porter which is made in their Syracuse facility which was a huge perk. Nice ambiance and rustic feel, but the food was sub-par. I'd like to go back just for drinks and to enjoy the atmosphere.
I've been to the Rochester location maybe 10 times over the years and they'd get 5 stars.  The food here tastes good and comparable to that location, and this location looks fantastic - authentically Dinosaur with a Buffalo twist, however, I can't remember ever leaving the Rochester hungry.  Portion sizes seem to me to have shrunk here. I had a sandwich with brisket, blue cheese, pickled jalapenos (and I added their house-cured bacon to it) with sides of fries and chili.  Everything was delicious, but I rarely have found myself at Dinosaur reaching for the dessert menu because I'm not satiated.  My wife had leftovers from her Pick-2 platter, so she was satisfied. Maybe I ordered wrong, but I always have left Rochester stuffed, and that was not the case tonight in Buffalo.
When it comes to restaurants, word of mouth seems to be the best seller for me to try a place....and of course Yelp reviews helped along the way.  When I first heard about Dino BBQ, it was from people taking short road trips to the Rochester location, and all the great food they enjoyed after waiting for hours to sit at a table, and saying it was well worth it.  Well I waited until the Buffalo Dino BBQ opened its doors to finally try what everyone was talking about, and yes it was worth the wait!   I visited this place a few times to sample some of BBQ they offered.  First off, try the BBQ sauces at the table on anything you are eating, it just takes things to another level of deliciousness.  My favorite main dish has to be the split order 2 combo of BBQ chicken and pulled pork.  I can't decide which I like better, they are both equally awesome....slow cooked, smokey, tender, flavorful, and everything that BBQ should be. A lot of people rave about the ribs, but they were inconsistent for me. Sometimes they were fall off the bone BBQ awesome, and sometimes fatty/tough and not as tasty.  I tried most if the side dishes, and definitely recommend the BBQ fried rice and black eyes peas/greens.  The fried rice is full if extra goodies beyond the rice itself and one of the best I've ever encountered.  The black eyed peas are pretty darn tasty as well.   If you plan on coming here make reservations well in advance, since it's still quite busy (on weekends mostly) since opening here.  One visit I walked in without reservations on a Saturday afternoon and waited about 40 minutes for a table, which isn't too bad.  I did try take out on my first visit and the service for that was good, however I didn't enjoy the food as much as eating there.  It just tastes better eating at Dino BBQ.
We ate at bar to avoid a wait. Awesome bartender! Very attentive... never waited for a thing. Food was great. We got a combo meal for two. Plenty if food but not so much your sickly full. The hot bbq sauce was great... nice flavor with an after bang! Definitely recommend!
If you've been to any other dinasour BBQ you know what to expect- lines, loud, awesome decour and delicious food. If you sit knowing you're order you will have your meal within 10 minutes- lightning fast. I gave it four stars because it's Dino! They just opened and did a great job with the place. It's no secret in any restaurant staff makes hiccups- like giving me apple orchard (probably misheard in loud bar but they happily fixed it!!) or a runner coming to the wrong table with food only to return later with our food and blame the server (haha I found it funny but in the industry a nono- one team one dream!) There going to get it dialed in. I never normally criticize but its constructive. I hope management appreciates honesty. After all...It's gonna be here to stay, and likely dominate the downtown growth. Tip: make a reservation for 6 or more on open table (why don't more places in buffalo use this!?!?) - don't have a large party? Make the reservation, post on Facebook, and people will join you. I'll be back and all but certain if this place dials in like roch cuse or "the city" bump it to 5stars!
I went back to see how the service was on the patio and what a difference. It was like night and day. The still have that chinese fried rice instead of proper black beans and rice but I figure if I keep hammering away at that and maybe even organize a picket line they might see the light. Everything on the menu is worthy of a try except the rice. If you dont order it they will get rid of it so please help me in this cause.
Ribs were great. Meat fell off the bone but almost too much. Great flavor and taste.  Not much to say here. If you come, get ribs! Wings were pretty good. Brisket was very dry for me and sucked all the moisture from my mouth. Sides were good (coleslaw, fries). Can't go wrong with either of those. Service was great. Waitresses were very helpful, quick and attentive.
Because I have heard only good about dino from most I know...I plan on revisiting dino bbq. I do hope that my first visit was but a bad day there...as we all do have them.
Way overrated... Average food at best! I don't what all the hype is about this place. The sides were better than the wings and ribs. Ribs were big but very tough. Wings were undercooked on the inside, almost rubbery.
Great staff! Excellent beer menu!! Of course awesome food!! LoVE the fried green tomatoes!! Not a bad dish on the menu and something for everyone!! Even the veggies!!
My boyfriend and I are soooo happy Dino has finally opened in Buffalo! We decided to stop in for lunch today on a whim. They were PACKED but the wait was only 20 minutes (when I was expecting longer given their recent opening). Even though you can enter your phone number to get a text of when they're ready to seat you you're better off listening for your name.  The building is a former VAULT. Signal is going to suck. There was a lot to look at as we stood by the bar from the tables and chairs to vintage wall decorations. I loved spotting all the Buffalo touches! FYI aside from the local beers and wines they also serve the local soft drink favorites. Loganberry is there! Once seated our waiter was awesome. He asked if we had been before and then offered to walk us through the menu. I just asked what he'd recommend and he ended up being spot on! He kept refilling our drinks before my boyfriend or I could even think to ask! The whole team was really friendly and had good flow. You'd never know it was their first week open. I ordered the Tres Nino, a sampler entree of sorts (ribs, pulled pork, and brisket) and my boyfriend ordered the pulled pork chow-chow sandwich platter. For sides we had the chili, mac salad, coleslaw, and mac n cheese. I love love loved the ribs! My mac n cheese was really good. Coleslaw was honestly too heavy on the vinegar for my taste but I can see it working well alongside the Dino's sweeter BBQ. My boyfriend's chili and mac salad were really nice and the bite of his sandwich I had was awesome! The green tomato relish is REALLY good! Great flavor balance! Condiments: I've already been familiar with their Sensuous Slatherin Sauce (damn good!). Don't be afraid of the Wango Tango. It's a sweet front with a reasonable after heat that works really well. I didn't brave the Garlic Chipotle sauce but I'll have to try it next time. Of course there is Frank's and ketchup too. Overall great meal, great atmosphere, and well lived up to the expectation.
Great atmosphere, food, and service!
Amazing place. The competition doesn't even compare. Rolled in with my crew and crushed a family meal for 6 and let me tell you...wow! Everything was delicious and then the fresh baked corn bread arrived. Holy smokes. Soo good. Thanks to all the great reviews on here. Without them we would've ended up at the other dump down the street. Thank god.
Once again the buffalo pallet is unsophisticated, over priced, small portions, I don't think the mac and cheese side could be any smaller, and the biscuits are a big as a dime, plates are small, and just not even close to being good or worth the price. As usual starving in Buffalo and the food here is very subpar. Take the drive to Depew and go see Kentucky Greg, he knows how to cook BBQ and you wont leave there hungry.
This was no where near the level of famous Dave's or fat bobs. The sauce is very tomato-y. I personally am not a fan.
Wow I was totally blown away by this place. First off, I loved the style if the building. It was very unique and had a retro feel. The food was incredible. Everything was so delicious and you get SO much of it. I got the combo meal with four BBQ wings, ribs, macaroni and cheese, and coleslaw. I recommend this place to anyone who is in Buffalo or passing by. I definitely hope to return to another Dino BBQ in the future!
Ok, this is my first review of Dinosaur's BBQ, but I've eaten at their Syracuse and Rochester locations several times. This review is based just on the food *  The food here is just as good, love the big space.  We parked in what you thought would be their parking lot, but apparently it isn't and it will cost you $5,, at least on a Saturday night. We had the fancy fried green tomatoes, wish we had skipped the fancy, didn't really care for their pimento cheese. For my entrée I got the one eyed brisket hash that comes with a sunny side egg on top...everything taste better with an egg., right?  Loved it! it was even better the next day with another egg and some goat cheese at home!   For my sides I got the chili...I LOVE their chili, it's one of my regular orders here.  Got the Cajun corn and zucchini too, pretty good. Hubby got the Tres Nino, a sampling of ribs, brisket and pork.  He really liked it...we brought all our leftovers home on the plane next day!  He loved the mac & cheese, I thought it was a little too spicy for my taste he also ordered the beans, but said they were just ok., If your in Rochester I recommend getting the black beans & rice as a side, they are delicious. *Since I've eaten here so many times and never had a service problem, I did not deduct stars for the service this time, but it did leave something to be desired.  Server was great, but somewhere along the way he or the kitchen lost our food order and it took us an hour to get our meals.  They offered to give us a free desert but I would have preferred they took off the appetizer or even our $6 worth of ice tea. As infrequently as I'm in NY, it's still one of my favorite BBQ places, can't wait until my next visit.
Overrated. Having spent time in the south, it's not even comparable. The pulled pork was alright, nothing special at all. The sauces are bland. The mac'n'cheese was way too salty. The fries tasted like they were dropped in the deep fryer more than once. The only flavor in the macaroni salad you tasted was vinegar. Service was alright, nothing special. We were seated at a booth right next to a picture of a few men standing over a dead pig. Not exactly appetizing, even if I am eating a dead pig, sorry. Overpriced for the quality. I suggest finding somewhere else to go.
I have been to the Dino BBQ in Rochester and if you had both plates in front of you at the same time you would not know they were the same chain. The food was dry, the service was good. Will try again in the future.
Food was great, service was better. Best BBQ, aside from the Rochester and Syracuse locations, in the country??(north east for sure!)
So glad that Dinosaur has finally opened in Buffalo, and that it's within walking distance. To clarify a few comments made below: 1.) This place isn't pricey. You get a ton of food, and short of Denny's don't know where you are getting a meal much cheaper. 2.) There are combos. In fact, unlike the other locations, you can make your own combos, with any of the meats. Going into depth on a review of Dinosaur is pretty pointless. Everything is as delicious as always, the bar is huge and setup well, and they'll text you when your table is ready (I know this is common most places, but we're in Buffalo, and this is a huge step in the right direction). I had extremely high expectations, and they were surpassed.
What else can be said about this place? I usually hate when people "City Drop" ie (I lived in NYC so I know a good bagel) But I've gone on road trips looking for bbq, and the Dino is surprisingly always at or near the top of my list.   I've always loved the Rochester location, and I actually think the Buffalo location is even better.  This iteration of The Dino is much more open, and they have a huge bar area.  We called Friday night and they stopped taking reservations, and we decided to take a chance.  Because it's Lent and the first really nice night of the year my party of 6 was able to get seated in less than 30 minutes.  I went for dinner the Sunday before and it was packed so the wait was a little longer.  Chill out and drink one of their $3 tall boys.  I decided to not gorge myself with pork and ribs this time, and instead opted for a brisket slider and an order of bbq wings (Hot).  I've had some bbq wings in a few places and they always end up dry, these were not.  They were smoked and charred just perfectly.  The sauce was a perfect complement to the wings, and they were not dripping in sauce, which is a big plus in my book.  I noticed a lot of Canadian plates so you know people are making the trek to this place.  If I was Fat Bobs I would be very worried. Parking:  If you are lucky there's free parking on the street, or you can pay $5 at a lot, or you can stop being lazy and park for free a few blocks away.  You want Buffalo to be a grown up city?  Then walk a few blocks like people in grown up cities do.
Picture this, Syracuse 1996.   I'm 18 years old visiting a friend at Syracuse University.  This friend takes us to the obligatory Carrier Dome for a game and after the game decides we have to eat at the dingiest BBQ joint in town.  I walk in, there's live blues music playing, bikers everywhere and the most beautiful smoky aroma wafting through the air.  We sit down and my attention is immediately drawn to a small plaque on the wall which reads:  Get down on yo knees,  Throw up yo paws,  and thank the good lord  for the use of yo jaws! That night the BBQ was so amazing I indeed thanked the good lord for the use of my jaws.  My life was never again the same.  Enter Dinosaur BBQ the protagonist of this story. I could not possibly recount the influence that Dinosaur BBQ has had on my life.  This is even more spectacular because the nearest restaurant was at least an hour drive from my home (and that does not include the usual hour plus wait to get a table).  I have taken more last-second trips to Dinosaur BBQ with a car full of people than I care to remember.  However, one bite of those ribs will make you understand my love and fascination for this restaurant.  I will warn you though, do not waste your time with the beef brisket, only Texas for some strange reason has figured out how to make a proper beef brisket.  However, do not just stop at the ribs, their baked beans, chili, deviled eggs, fried green tomatoes...you name it are just spectacular and made with ample doses of love for the food and the ingredients. Even the condiments are top notch.  I adore their BBQ sauce, the Cajun Foreplay spice rub can be used on anything, and the Devil's Duel Habanero Hot Sauce may be the most flavorful, yet spicy hot sauce in existence.  I always have these condiments on hand in my home as they are readily available at your local Wegmans (I usually also have some of their frozen pulled pork in my freezer just for emergencies). A couple of years back Dinosaur BBQ published a cookbook which is a treasure trove of amazing recipes.  While the corn bread and baked bean recipes are simple and delicious, it is the dishes that are not on their normal menu which really blew me away.  There is a recipe for a Latin-style braised flank steak called ropa vieja, which is one of the most satisfying dishes ever to emerge from my kitchen. However, Dinosaur BBQ is more than just BBQ, it is the whole environment.  From the graffiti littered walls of the bathrooms, to the live Blues Bands on the weekends, to the wonderfully large selection of microbrews, Dinosaur BBQ was and is truly a destination location. Therefore, could you imagine my giddiness when I learned that I no longer had to drive at least an hour to experience the Dinosaur in all its prehistoric glory?  Dinosaur BBQ recently located in Buffalo in the old Universal Studio's Warehouse which stored the original reels of many of the classic Universal Studio movies.  I had no idea that this building was even in Buffalo until Dinosaur BBQ moved in and uncovered the original Universal sign, which still is displayed proudly above the entrance. So being Valentine's Day last evening (amateur night at most other restaurants in town), I could not wait to take my Wife there.  One of our favorite local bands was playing, the Jony James Band, which is basically the creme de la creme of local blues artists (think Cream of the blues world) which only added to our excitement.  I thought Dinosaur did an amazing job with the interior renovations.  They transformed a concrete warehouse space with warm woodwork, and their characteristic dinginess.  The speaker system was crisp and loud, the acoustics were beautiful, and the band kicked ass.  This location even takes reservations. (Seriously I did not have to wait for a table!!) The BBQ was fabulous with no real surprises on the menu.  However, I will point out that the condiments available on the table were far more limited that the Rochester and Syracuse branches.  I think the Cajun Foreplay spice rub, Devil's Duel Hot Sauce and the mini vinegar peppers need to be at every table.  However, when requested they were quickly provided to me. Overall, this is exactly what Downtown Buffalo needs, a destination location.  Dinosaur has provided the Queen City with a beautiful location to enjoy a live band, have a great meal and make some fun memories. While I was certainly pissed at Dinosaur for waiting so long to get to Buffalo (instead gracing Troy, Harlem, Brooklyn, Newark and Stamford, CT long before us), their presence in the Queen City is something we should all be proud of and celebrate.  I believe the large sign plastered on the wall says it all:   Help to Build a Better...Buffalo Or perhaps my Wife after enjoying an after-dinner moonshine cocktail from their menu said it best:  "God I'm full!!" (I'm kidding that was me...she'll kill me if she reads that)
This place lived up to the hype! I went there for my first time on Wednesday evening and couldn't be happier with my experience. The service was outstanding, the food was delicious (especially the smoked wings- must try) and the atmosphere was fun! I will definitely be back!
Just paid over $70 for an applebees meal for 2. Dont waste your money. Too much hype.
I was disappointed... I have visited the Rochester location several times and they are amazing but this buffalo location is not up to par! The brisket came out mushed up ribs were cold and my Mac and cheese was burnt! The waitress was super nice, that's what saved it from a one star rating..
Oh no! Dino-BBQ Buffalo has left me sad!  I've been to the other 2 spots in Rochester and Syracuse and have had some of the best barbeque ever!  I went here recently and was underwhelmed by far!  The brisket and pulled pork were definitely not the same at all.  The baked beans were a mush pile of no flavor!  I will say the staff was great. To be honest the 3 stars is really dedicated to the beer. The beers were cheep and have optional sizing (glasses/pitchers).  Biggest bonus?! Dogfish 90 Minute on tap?!?! HELL YEAH.  I did enjoy the wings and the ribs but I would much rather drive the distance to get those dynamite experiences I'm used to in the other locations. Don't worry Yelpers I'll give this place some time to get out their kinks and get the smokers going 24/7 and try again in many months time.  But customer beware-- it may be hit or miss or it might just be a miss!
Today was the second day dino opened its doors in buffalo. I tried to find a table via open table on Dino's website only to be disappointed with no available seats during lunch or dinner hours. So I decided to reserve a table for 2:15 and I'm glad I did! Although it was pretty late for lunch, the food was worth it! It is exactly as I remember them from the Rochester and Syracuse location (and why shouldn't it be?!). As a Buffalonian, I no longer have venture into the snow and drive to Rochester for Dino's amazing BBQ food! Thanks for opening this restaurant in Buffalo guys!
I've been to Dinosaur in Harlem and Syracuse. This is my least favorite of the group but the food is still good. Their wings are amazing. Their ribs are pretty good and their sides are really satisfying.
I was recently diagnosed with Celiac's disease so going out to dinner is more stressful than not.  I was pleasantly surprised when I spoke to the waitress and she offered me a gluten free menu.  It had quite a few choices on it.  I had the 1/4 ribs and 1/4 chicken.  They were both delicious.  The cucumber and tomato salad was great.  I had the beans as well.  They were ok but I did not like them as much as the rest.  The meat on the ribs and chicken were fall off the bone tender.  My food was served on a red plate (the rest were blue).  I really felt that care was taken to make sure my food was gluten free.  Can't wait to go back.  Free parking at the corner of W. Tupper after 6.  We were there at 5 and no trouble parking in the lot.  All the sauces are gluten free, unlike some other bbq places.
Great drinks relaxed fun atmosphere and good friendly service to go with some tasty bbq.
Everything I ate here was good.  We ordered take out and everything was fresh, hot, and well prepared.  I had the ribs and brisket combo.  Both were delicious.  The sides were good too.  My family enjoyed everything as well.  We got the chicken wings as a starter and they were surprisingly good.  Would recommend highly.
very disappointing to have an establishment like this in downtown Buffalo.  The toughest ribs I've  ever been served. over-rated. much better dining in the area. oh! I forgot, was offered 2 free deserts after spending $61.00. NOT!
I got a TON of hype about this restaurant from friends reppin' the Rochester and Syrcacuse locations, so to be fair, I had pretty high expectations for this place.  What I got was just okay.  It has the look and feel of a suburban chain restaurant.  Their meats-- I tried the pulled pork  and brisket-- are certainly prepared and smoked in a special, delicious fashion.  Other than that, small-ish portions for high-ish prices.  Nothing to write home about.  I wouldn't go out of my way to go again.
I can not stress or applaud my waitress enough. The atmosphere was cozy, a very warm spirited theme. You will feel as if you've been here before but from a different time, a different world; where customer service actually existed. The waitress, "P.A.M." with her many tattoos gently invited me to try items out of my comfort zone, i was impressed at her professionalization and candler. The moments of laughing with a friendly face didn't cease. I ordered the chicken steak, it was cooked well but too fatty for my taste, the Macaroni and cheese and coleslaw are my comfort foods. Pam, was not happy that i was displeased in my selection, she stated,"I will take this up with management"  Well, i am sure we've all been told that in the past. Not here and not with Pam, she offered me a tasty dessert for my pain, her manger came and also gave a heartfelt apology and offered me something no restaurant has ever..     I won't offer in details but i will say that hands down this is the best place to wine and dine your mother-in-law if your on bad terms. I am still full but i will find the room in me to eat the rest. You will not be upset at the cost, the level of service, food and atmosphere outweigh even 3star dineries. Some people complain about parking when there is a full house, or waiting in line for hours, i have waitied 3mins, from the street to my seat and if anyone is writing negative reviews its one of 3 things or all the above, 1. A disgruntle employee(which i doubt) 2. A competitor(most likely) 3. A rude Jackass Its worth it....good reviews are hard to come by but honest reviews are even harder.. 5 STARS MS PAM..
Nothing fancy to me, food was bland and tasteless st. Louis ribs were tender and meaty but that's about it nothing to write home about. .
Was one of the best experience I've had at the buffalo location. When ever I go to Syracuse or the one in Rochester I'm always subjected to a 20 minute plus wait. Maybe it was my lucky day but I got in right away at peek dinner time. The food was great as always and our server was amazing to. It's been a while since I got that great of service.
I'm already biased to love this place...I would go to Dino's Harlem location regularly when I lived in NYC. I was thrilled to see Buffalo was finally getting one. Be prepared to wait, the place is always packed. The ribs and pulled pork are obvious winners (don't bother taking your vegetarian friends) and save room for desert, the pecan pie is a really good.
AMAZING! WOW! Best wings in Buffalo! Nothing compares! Expensive though. Be prepared to break the bank but it's worth it!
Thank the food gods I no longer need to travel to Rochester for my favorite BBQ! Being that the place is so new, I wasn't surprised to be waiting about 45 minutes for a party of 4. The bar is substantial, being that you have endless choices of beers to choose from from. Those who have eaten at a Dino BBQ know the quality they provide so I'll spare the deliciously detailed food comments. The staff is great and friendly despite them running around back and forth, the establishment itself is super clean and just as you would have suspected, carries the same old school environment from the Rochester locale. Pop on in to this place and you'll be guaranteed a superb meal that can satisfy even the most needy of appetites!
We had an AWESOME lunch at the new Dinosaur BBQ in Buffalo! We and only been to the one in Rochester once, years ago, and I don't remember being this impressed. I had the brisket and pulled pork and both were fab. I did two sides- mac n cheese and the fried rice. The mac and cheese was out of this world. One of the best I have ever had. The rice was really good and unique. Hubby had the beans and slaw and those were tasty too. Our server was fantastic. Only con was the cornbread- was pretty dry and not exciting at all. Will DEF be going back!
Very good BBQ, very happy they opened in Buffalo.  I usually get the ribs with two sides, but I have also gotten the pulled pork sandwich carolina style, and the porksket sandwich.  Both are very good.  Great atmosphere, overall great place.  Highly recommend for good BBQ.
The best BBQ in town hands down. These other places can only hope they don't close down in the next few weeks thanks to dino.
This is my third Dinosaur . Syracuse , and Rochester , they have done a great job in Buffalo. The restaurant is beautiful , the nicest of the 3, more room and it has a " bicker's " atmosphere.  The food and the service were outstanding . We were in Florida this spring, ate at several BBQ places, Dino was the best. Love using Yelp to make reservation .
Walked in without a reservation about 5:30 and even though the place was packed, only about a 20 minute wait for a table.  Ribs and sides were all great, service was attentive and knowledgable.  Glad they opened in Buffalo and you should go enjoy!
John at the bar was really good & the wings are definitely better than anchor bar & other few places I have had in buffalo ... They were out of pulled pork so if u are craving for make sure u call in advance & check or place an order in advance ... Tried the brisket ... " was good as well "
Finally made it to dinosaur and we were a bit let down.  Only some of our group had previously dined at other locations but we all came in with extremely high expectations.  Ill start with the good.  The food was out extremely fast, within 10 -15 minutes of ordering.  The pulled pork was amazing.  It was perfectly tender and seasoned just right.  An extra side for tht evening was their Cajun corn which was a lighter well less heavy option to balance out all the meats.  The ribs were just ok.  I would give them 7 out of 10.  Which while not bad just does not live up to the hype or previous experiences.  One of the biggest reasons I only gave them 3 stars rather than 4 was the service.  Yes the food came out fast but the server was blatantly trying to rush us out of there.  Several times while we were still eating she offered to bring out boxes or clear away plates.  She brought out the check while we were still eating as well.  And even was nervy enough to offer third who finally did take to go boxes, some bags to take their food in while we were finishing up our pitchers of beer.  All said and done we were there for less than an hour and a half come down girl.  Lastly I just thought the place was ugly.   Maybe it's just me but I will never get the appeal of mismatched tables and ugly wood trim.  I don't see why they had to go into that particular location given the remodeling that was done.  They could have built an amazing location at canalside with a patio and a lot more seating.
I was in Buffalo getting tires for my car and in the tire shop the news mentioned a new Dinosaur location opened in Buffalo.  I've frequented the Syracuse location several times over the years and its by far the best barbecue I've tried in NY state (its a whole other ball game in the southern states).  I went straight there after my tires were done and could smell the smokey flavour from outside. When I went in I was told that they were training and only open to friends and family.  I mentioned I was just travelling through Buffalo and I wouldn't have a chance to come back so the manager let me in as his guest.  The staff were all really attentive and friendly from beginning to end, but the real test was the food. I ordered my favorite plate, which was a rib and brisket combo with fries and coleslaw and it was exactly as I remember it from the Syracuse location; the meat melts in your mouth with the perfect hint of smoke to it. I'm really glad this place is open, its a great excuse for me to go to Buffalo.
As usual the ribs were great, this was my 1st stop at this new location. The quality remains high, you won't be disappointed here. Make sure that you get the BBQ beans they are outstanding. The staff is great and the ambiance in the building is what we've come to expect from Dionsaur's.
I decided to brave the masses and go here on the 2nd day they opened here in buffalo. It was the 1st full day of service & things went smooth as could be! The host was great and friendly and i was able to be seated within mins of walking thru the door bonus! My server Grace was most awsome friendly and very knowable of some of the specialty items on the menu only made for this location.As far as the Q goes its spot on dino,,, go to any of them and its a good smoke process and the sauces are wonderful,, i perfer the garlic/ chipotle but the others are just as good! The sides witch you can choose from are all in house made and good.i chose the mashed potatoes and they did not disappoint. The only draw back i can for see is the choice of roll to witch the sandwitch is on ,, come on this is Buffalo. Use costanzos !! Over all this place is gonna rock in the summer provided they can work out some parking issues.  I for one am glad they came and opened in buffalo .
Food and service were amazing. Just one question can I order Meghan our server in the camo hat for dessert?
So there's all this hype over Dino BBQ? Don't get me wrong, I'm glad to see them open in Buffalo, for sure but seriously, its BBQ people. Stopped in Sunday afternoon around 3PM, had to wait about 40 minutes, no bother, I expected to wait without a reservation. Got a nice table and had great service but this place is loud, with speakers hanging everywhere. Now I don't want to sound like an old fuddy duddy but there was a crowd roar that was from talking over the music. OK, so we don't sweat the small stuff, lets get to the meat! First the brisket.. melt in your mouth tender, juicy and oh so good. The ribs.. meaty and fall off the bone, just the way they should be. How were the sides you ask? The cole slaw was like I've never had before, a delicious blend of spices and did I detect blue cheese in the slaw? Whatever it was is was awesome. The cucumber salad and the mac-n-cheese on the other hand were so-so, I've had better. All in all, a good time and a good meal that will have me going back soon.
I've been to the Dino BBQ in Syracuse and Rochester before and always hoped we would get one in Buffalo. The Buffalo location which is in a great downtown spot has had quite a crowd since it opened about a month a go. I've been there twice, and the food, atmosphere, and staff are terrific! This weekend, I had family in town for the basketball games, and we decided to go there for dinner and drinks at the bar to watch some games. The food was awesome, especially the wango tango wings. The bar staff was encrediblly courteous, skilled, and friendly. There was 8 of us there, and after the first round, the bartender remembered what each of us had to drink without asking, while working a completely packed bar. Everyone's dinner's were tasty, filling, and fresh. I would recommend Dino to anyone coming to downtown Buffalo who is looking for some good, down home bbq in a comfortable stimulating setting!
Flavors not as strong as Rochester location. Maybe it's that the smoker is new but the meat doesn't have the same pop. Still delicious..just different. Service was rushed...sandwiches came three minutes after the appetizer. Louder than other locations. Will probably save Dino BBQ visits for trips to ROC and SYR in the future.
I'm not stranger to the Dinosaur Bar-B-Que, but obviously this was my first time to the Buffalo location since they only opened 2 days ago. I knew the food should be good, but with being so new, I was kind of iffy on trying it so soon. I am so glad I did. I went my husband and five-year old son. Almost all the tables were full but we were seated right away and our server was very prompt and thorough in explaining the menu. Everyone who works there appears so "real" and down to earth. All food was brought to our table in a very reasonable amount of time. As for the food, I was very impressed. The server talked us in to the Swag Sampler plate which included 2 smoked chicken wings, 4 Drunken Spicy Shrimp (peel & eat), 2 Fried Green Tomatoes and 2 Deviled Eggs (with a kick). All of it was great and worthy of it's own appetizer, but my favorite was the Fried Green Tomatoes. For dinner, I ordered the 1/4 chicken leg & thigh and half rack of ribs and the hubs got a half rack of ribs; both came with 2 sides. The ribs were amazing and just as I had remembered them from the Rochester location. The ribs seemed super-sized compared to other places and you could eat them as is or dump some sauce on them. Hubs prefers no sauce and I liked it with the sauce. My 1/4 chicken was probably the most moist chicken I have ever had (I didn't even bother with BBQ sauce, it certainly didn't need it). Now for the sides; hubs loved his mac and cheese and I forgot to ask him about the mashed potatoes with gravy, but since he ate every last bite, I presume they were good. I decided on BBQ beans which were awesome (just enough pulled pork mixed in) and Black Eyed Greens. I probably won't order those again. The peas were good, but the greens didn't seem "wilted" enough for my liking; I did like the bite they had to them but they're just not my cup of tea. For the picky eater (my son who announced in the parking lot how much he HATES BBQ), there was a children's menu that had a basic hamburger and fries. He ate the entire burger (slider size) and ate a good portion of the seasoned fries (which really surprised me). We will definitely be repeat customers!
Maybe there was just too much hype about Dinosaur BBQ but I just found it to be ok. Don't get me wrong, the decor was great, the atmosphere was fun and the waitress was EXCELLENT! The ribs were on par to any chain bbq restaruant, the mac n cheese was not good (dry and spicy). Maybe you just have to be a local and been told all your life that it's the best because I just don't get all the hype about it. I'd go back if friends wanted to go, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
What a disappointment! Been to the one in Syracuse and the one in Rochester both are really good. Buffalo has a long way to go. We were in watching  the NCAA tournament-non game day. The service was slow we had to ask the hostess where our server was after waiting 20 minutes- it was not very busy either. Our server we are pretty sure was more a customer than a server. He spent the whole time with his table of friends and at one point was sitting with them while we were waiting for our check. The service was so bad we decided to head elsewhere for more cocktails. Now the food was average at best not the dinosaur I am used to. The macaroni salad was about half cooked and tasted awful. Learn to cook your macaroni all the way. The macaroni and cheese was ice cold. The brisket was very good and similar to the other locations. My advice to you is give this location time to get its act together before eating here.
I had this place in syracuse before and I liked it! I'm glad it finally came to Buffalo! I went last week and the ribs were still great! I loveee the beans! definitely a good staple BBQ place for buffalo!
Outstanding BBQ more of the Texas variety than the Carolina or KC sweet barbecue. The brisket served hot and juicy can't be beat anywhere the side of the mason-dixon line.  Outstanding service and outstanding food you just simply can't go wrong
It was good! My husband got a sampler platter of ribs, chicken, and brisket and he liked the ribs the best. I tried a rib and it was really good! I had a pulled pork sandwich with Mac & cheese and BBQ fried rice. The Mac and Cheese was average. The rice was excellent and unique. The pork was a little bland but I added some BBQ sauce that was on the table and that did the trick. Overall a good meal and excellent service. Like a previous reviewer, I also had Grace as a server and she did a great job helping two newbies to the Dinosaur navigate the menu. It was worth the 45 min wait. We got there at 4:30 on a Sunday so the wait was probably shorter than usual. This restaurant takes reservations - that's the way to go. The "lodgy" decor is warm and comforting. I posted a pic of one of the many fun metal sculptures mounted on the divider walls.
My husband and I are huge Dino bbq fans and have been to the Harlem location many many times and Rochester as well, so our expectations were very high. We were NOT disappointed. It was opening weekend and so we knew that maybe it would not be perfect perfect but we were wrong it was exactly like every good experience we had before. The beer selections we have grown to enjoy (especially the local options) were great and there was lots on tap, so we enjoyed that while we waited for our table. The decor and feel of the restaurant was laid back and eclectic, loved it.  Our server was outstanding, so friendly and down to earth. She answered all our questions with excellent knowledge and was prompt and quick on getting us everything we asked for. Food...amazing! Mmmmmmmm good! Ribs were falling off the bone, pulled pork was delightful and the hot hot wings were hot and cooked perfect. The corn bread here is the best I have ever had. If I had one thing to say that could be different it would the poutine. I'm Canadian so I'm pretty particular about my poutine having cheese curds and not just cheese. Unfortunately Dino just uses cheese, good cheese but it's not poutine. Main ingredient is cheese curds so I would probably not get it again unless they use those curds and make the gravy super hot so the curds melt. Anyways...go eat here! And don't worry about waiting 45mins or 5mins it is totally 100% worth it. We will be back very soon. Note: on the weekends they have live music at night and I can only assume it will be good blues like tunes like other Dino bbq
I visited Dino BBQ while visiting my friends in Buffalo, we booked a reservation and were really pumped to crush some BBQ. We did a PowerPoint presentation of the menu in our hotel room prior to showing up, so we we were ready to go.  We started with a bakers dozen of the Wings, we went with 1/2 Mango Tango and 1/2 Hoisin Sesame, killer Wings, and from my Buffalo friends they said 2 thumbs up. Meggan with two "GG" was out server. She was awesome, made us feel welcome, made some great eye contact, and was concerned my buddy wasn't eating his pasta salad side, truth be told it was good, but he saved it for the end and was out of gas. One of us got a full slab, we got  the 3 item combos, Pork was kind, Brisket was righteous, and the Ribs were tender and had a proper smoke. Beer selection was more than adequate.  I had a gratuitous Gennessee Cream Ale just to say I did. Definitely recommend this place if your a fan of BBQ or your just fat and like to eat like me. Meggan was the highlight, we miss her already.
