I like this mall.. Classy and has better collections in stores like Ann Taylor, kate Spade new york, Banana Republic and J Crew.. This is my personal opinion. And, I have my favorite restaurants .. Rosa Mexicano , Little Magiano's , Cheese Cake Factory, Barns & Noble, sometimes Brooks Brothers.. I love this place.
The Shops at Riverside are a very different than the other malls in Bergen County. This place is never packed, even during the holiday shopping season. The majority of the stores here are very high end; the other malls don't have these stores. The layout of the mall is very different. There is no food court, no kiosks every few feet,  no planters, or any of the other things you'd normally see in a mall. There are leather couches lounged around some of the stores, but that's about it. The food options are pricier chain restaurants, including Morton's Steakhouse. Best part about this mall is the lack of mall rats. And the abundance of hilariously overdressed housewives of Bergen County. It amuses me when the salespeople pass over me to target these people, especially when they I end up buying a lot.
It's another high end mall, but who can hate on a place that has such nice bathrooms? If you need to drop a deuce, you're way better off taking a dump here than in other places. That being said, if you need to get a Burberry shirt, Tiffany watch or Tumi suitcase, you will be well served here.  One plus about this place is that they have plentiful dining options.  Unlike other malls nearby, the food here actually doesn't suck.  Who can say no to Houstons, Cheesecake Factory, or even Smash Burger?   Lots of great places to shop and eat, though again, it's a high-end fancy schmancy place so better come here with a big bank account.  Otherwise, plan on doing a lot of window shopping or hanging out at one of the last Barnes & Nobles that you will see anywhere. One note - the outdoor parking spaces are pretty tight.  I'm not sure what asshole drew the lines, but many of the spaces (especially near Houstons) are tight as hell.  You've been warned.
Nice Place To Visit But Shopping Here Is Costly I Believe It's Now Called "The Shops at Riverside" Hello yelp, tap tap tap this thing on? This mall is always very quiet, most folks seem to be browsing. I enjoy two of the restaurants attached to this mall, Rosa Mexicano and P.F. Chang's. I occasionally have a cupcake at Mr. Cupcake before heading over to the very nice Barnes & Noble, the rest is a wash for me. Parking lot is a nightmare, how some people passed a driving test I will never know.
Only come here because it's the only Bloomie's in the area.  As others have said, not your average NJ mall demographics - ie not overrun by teens with tight clothes or drooping pants, usually empty even on Saturdays.   That said - I generally dislike the demographics here - way rich young couples who dress their toddlers in Burberry and let them wander the mall aimlessly.  Women shopping in 4-inch stilletos and cocktail dresses.  Just odd.   I can't tell if I'm out of place when I'm here or if I they are the ones out of place.
The Shops at Riverside is a high-end shopping mall located in Hackensack, NJ right off of Route 4 E. While northern NJ is certainly no stranger to shopping malls, The Shops at Riverside has successfully managed to carve their own niche and separate themselves from the pack. For starters, this isn't your typical NJ mall. You won't see loitering tweens wearing too-tight tank tops with a bunch of corny acronyms sprawled across the front, there aren't kiosks every 30 feet with pushy salespeople and most of the usual suspects don't occupy the retail space here. Don't get me wrong, as a twenty-something who primarily grew up in Bergen County, I appreciate the "mall rat" culture as much as any stubbornly proud New Jerseyan. That said, an occasional change of pace is very refreshing and appreciated. While it can get a bit awkward when you're at the mall on a weeknight and it's practically empty, it also allows for a more relaxed experience. The bulk of the 72 retailers which make up the shopping core at Riverside include luxury brands and specialty stores such as Burberry, Bloomingdale's, Coach, Saks Fifth Avenue Hermes Paris and Louis Vuittone and Barney's New York CO-OP. There are a few more modestly priced stores as well, such as GAP, Victoria's Secret, H&M and Barnes & Noble (which is open on Sundays). There are also some excellent restaurants located here, and quite a variety to choose from whether you want hearty Italian (Maggiano's), classic American (Cheesecake Factory), Mexican (Rosa Mexicano), hand-crafted burgers (Smashburger) or even some Americanized Chinese fare (P.F. Chang's). Most of the restaurants take reservations, so it would be best to call ahead and secure a spot as they are almost always packed. Overall, I like shopping here on occasion and think it's great for a high-end alternative to exist right in the mecca of malls. The property itself is immaculately clean, with everything from the floors to the bathrooms being maintained throughout the day with a very high standard of quality in mind which provides an appropriate ambiance. Parking overall isn't bad, but can become a pain in the late afternoon and evenings when the restaurants start to really pick up.
Growing up, everyone knew Riverside Square as the yuppy mall.  My mom said that when she was in high school, she and her best friend would put on ratty sweats or pj's and go to the mall to play a game- they would see how long it took to get the security guards to start following them.   I don't really shop at this mall very often.  It makes me nauseous to see little girls clutching expensive bags in Coach and Vera Bradley telling there mothers, "But it's only $98!"  But I do like the restaurant options here. Once in a blue moon, the boyfriend and I make it out for a date night to Maggiano's or Cheesecake Factory. We didn't care for Rosa Mexicano, but PF Chang's is great and Houston's has the best veggie burger I've ever had! The Fountain Spa at this mall is pretty amazing. It's super pricey, but for a special occasion, it's absolutely worth it. I have no use for places like Bloomindale's and Tiffany's. However, I suspect that this mall is changing it's target consumer. In the past few years , they've opened Mr. Cupcakes and Smashburger, which are much more affordable than the other eatery's in this mall.  They also have a GAP, Barnes and Noble, H&M, and Victoria Secret.  I might be wrong, but I think this mall is adhering to the changes in the economy and switching gears to include shoppers (like me!!) that are looking for more affordable options.
Mall for the rich. Bloomingdales, Hermes, Tiffany's, Louis Vuitton, Ferragamo...you get the idea. (If you're in the market for a sugar daddy/mama, then this is good scouting grounds.) Having said that, this mall is off limits for my broke ass. There are some stores for the poors, like H&M, but it's small and usually a hot mess. You're better off going to Garden State Plaza. Three stars for Barnes and Noble. 1/2 star for Houston's (only when I don't have to wait two regoddamdiculous hours for a table.)  Don't even bother looking for a spot in the open parking lot. You'll NEVER find one and will go bat shit crazy in the process. Just head straight to the free parking garage by PF Chang's.
A mall that met its demise, came back from the dead, and re-invented itself as an upscale food court that happens to have shops.   RSM is a high-end mall (think Natick Collections, if you're a Bostonian reading this)- Bloomies, Tiffany, Hermes, Louis, all that stuff- but I'm convinced that what keeps this place afloat are the restaurants, and there are tons of them: Houstons, Cheesecake, McCormick's, etc.  Given that this is Bergen County, and dining options are often grim, these places are all packed, especially on Friday and Saturday nights. If you have a critique of capitalism and/or materialism, this probably isn't the place for you.
Riverside Square is an upscale mall in Hackensack.  How is it upscale?  Well, in comparison to the other nearby malls in Paramus, Riverside Square has more high-end and specialty shops - Bloomingdale's, Saks Fifth Avenue, Hermes, Tiffany's, etc.  The interior is cleaner and nicer looking, and its always less crowded than Garden State Plaza.  Riverside has a full-service day spa too, The Fountain Spa.  There's also a really large Barnes & Noble at Riverside, and its open on Sunday! At Riverside Square, there are a number of restaurants (mostly chains) including: Morton's Steakhouse, The Cheesecake Factory, P.F. Chang's, Rosa Mexicano, Houston's, McCormick & Schmick's, Thai Chef, and Maggiano's Little Italy.  The waits can be ridiculously long at these restaurants.
I love going into borders and grabbing a coffee and finding a good book. =)
Very nice mall located in bergen county - expect nice restaurants and nice, but mostly high end stores.  Good parking available.  This is the only mall I will go to on weekends!
A 3 floor mall which has alot of speality, high end stores for the tasteful shopper. No true food court here, but little restaurants here and there. Due to this mall lacking kid and tween stores, it tends to be very roomy and quiet.
2nd time eating here. PF Chang (Hackensack, NJ) last time I order pickup from you! 80 bucks for 3 people. The steamed wontons looked like they were dropped from the Empire State Building. My wife's shrimps were absolutely tasteless. Sautéed noodles were more like spaghetti, my beef with orange rinds was way too sweet. The crab fried rice had about 15 grams of crabs, and it didn't resemble fried rice at all! Only thing OK was my daughter's beef w/ broccoli. Top that off, with the fact they forgot the soy sauce, plates and eatware (we didn't want to dirty plates tonight with my wife jetlagged from Italy)! Eff them, I make much better and authentic Chinese food!
Just being inside this mall gives me a feeling of being a wealthy poor person. Victoria's Secret at this particular location made me finally succumb to their "ethnic" looking pajamas. Barnes and Noble is awesome even though the guy at customer service answered "I'm not sure" to all of my questions.
