This review is for the Wedding Suite: Visit Date: July 2013 Allows Pictures: Yes Pros: * They let you browse through the sample dresses * Extremely friendly sales associate (Michelle is great!), excellent email correspondence regarding trunk shows * Nice variety of dresses to try on * Lots of accessories to try on, as well as heels * Relaxing environment * Online appointment scheduler Cons: * The A/C felt lacking, though it might have just been the heatwave at the time * You can't browse the dresses available online Highly recommended! If Michelle is still working there, make your appointment with her!
Ahh Nordstrom.  This was my first memorable Nordstrom's experience.  I needed to upgrade my wardrobe for work.  This place had suits that were terrific.  I felt like a million bucks in the clothes from here.   Over the years I kept coming when on the search for a specific thing.  It was always found here.   Nordstrom is not a discount store.  Its a place to go when you need something to be "perfect".   Parking is ok if you get here early in the day.  But its a busy mall, and parking reflects that later in the day. Edited (8/11/14) to encourage you to visit their café or coffee shop when here.  Both have great service and great product.
I'm not a regular client at nordstrom although I do work in the same mall complex. I was asked to be in a wedding party and the bride had teamed up with nordstroms bridal shop. When I first went in for a fitting I gave the stylist my credit card number is case I couldn't make it back in time for the order to be placed. I did end up making it back in time for the order to places but I payed cash instead of using my credit card they had on hand. About two days later I received a charge for the dress I had just payed cash for. When I went in to ask what was going on they didn't have an answer for me but did return my cash in full 3 weeks later I received another charge on my credit card. It was nordstrom again with the same dress order. They had charged my card yet again. When I went in this time I wasn't too happy. Mistakes are made once. Not twice. She claimed she had no idea how it happened but was quick to accommodate a full refund. She pulled out a binder with all of the brides information including a copy of my credit card along with the other bridesmaids information. There it was my cc # in an open binder. No lock. No pass code. Easy to get to. It's the 21st century. Information like that should be stores on a computer with a pass code only the stylist I have been dealing with can access. I will never shop here again. Do not trust them with your financial information!
Great store, I ordered online and realized the shirt was too big so I went in to return it. Now at this point, I've had traumatic experiences of having proof that I've brought the item having to show my Identification for some returns so I was ready, guns blazing, I wasn't going to let anything get in my way. Then...Nordstrom happened. All I simply said was "Hi, I'd like to return this" with the expected response of "Well, sure we just need (list a million things that you possibly may not have)" Sure enough, she just says "okay, would you like this returned to your credit card or exchange for something else?" I stand there baffled! BAFFLED! and I respond with "I have a receipt here if you need it and my I.D" Then the wonderful sales representative says "....sir we really don't need that, you're all set to go, thanks for shopping!" Nordstrom, I love you.
Stopped here after not finding a thing at Neiman's. The had just gotten Versace Collection in women's so the wifey got a few new shirts. Beatrice was very sweet and helpful. She also agreed to track down a few items for us that we were looking for.
My favorite Nordstrom ever! It's my go to spot for cosmetics, jeans and eyebrow wax. Yes eyebrow wax, they have an Anastasia Beverly Hills Studio on the third floor. See Cynthia she is great. This Nordstrom is one of the highest grossing Nordstrom's in the country so expect to see all the brands you want. Their cosmetics selection is full of hard to come by brands and they sell Louboutins here. I only know of one other Nordstrom that sells Louboutins and it's in California. Great sales staff that aren't pushy and extremely helpful. I am legit here once a week. I always try to purchase all my stuff here because Nordstrom has the best customer service.
Hands down, Nordstrom is my favorite department store.  The customer service is phenomenal and if you can't find what you want in a particular store they will find it for you!  I also love shopping online.  Their website is one of the best in my opinion, in terms of search functionality and ease to use. My only gripe is the restaurant in the Paramus location is not as good as some of the others I have visited.  I wish they had the same menu as their Durham, NC location.  :)
I really only shop at Nordstroms during the annual Anniversary Sale but may make it a store of choice based on the consistently high customer service I receive from every Nordstroms location.  This weekend did not fail to deliver.  Lance from the Shoe Department hunted down my desired boot, when they were out of stock online and managed to snag one of the only 3 pairs left in the country!   Similar experiences were had in Cosmetics and Lingerie.  I enjoy shopping in an environment that has such knowledgeable and friendly staff.   Looking forward to more shopping here in the future.
Nordstrom is my favorite department store in general and especially at Garden State Plaza. It has enough sophistication without being haughty; it has a great selection without being too overwhelming, and the sales can be tremendous. Unfortunately, my sister couldn't find shoes at the sale this past Labor Day, but that didn't stop us from trying to look for shoes. We worked with one gentleman who was very friendly and helpful. He mentioned his name, but four days later, I don't remember. The store is spread out over three floors, and I think in general customer service is great here. We stopped to look at bras and were asked if we needed help. The place is well lit and organized, and I like that I didn't feel like I was being watched or pressured to buy. Customer service is really good here.
"These shoes are $300" "These shoes are $300" "These shoes are 300 fucking dollars" "LET's GET'em!!!" ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ youtube.com/watch?v=3HjI… btw. This location is closed on Sundays, so remember that and don't drive out there two Sundays in a row.
Did you know you're not allowed to take pictures of store fronts inside Garden State Plaza?  Every time I've tried to take a picture inside the mall (twice) a security guard stopped me from doing so and told me that it was against mall policy to take pictures indoors. A lot of people rave about the Nordstrom brand dress shirt.  Personally, I prefer the Brooks Brothers offering.  While both come in slim fits, only the Brooks Brothers brand offers the spread collar.  The Nordstrom dress shirt is a bit cheaper but the Brooks Brothers shirt is a true non-iron.  I have several non-iron shirts and they really live up to the name. Nordstrom also offers a non-iron shirt, but it's not the same quality.  It still requires some ironing if you want to maintain creases.  As for the rest of the men's department, many of the associates in the suiting department have been there for many years and are very knowledgeable. Casual clothing is somewhat of a bust and I suggest shopping at Macy's or Lord & Taylor as they are more wallet-friendly.   Parking isn't an issue as there is access to a parking garage and open lot parking as well. Try the Brooks Brothers...
Good quality clothing, shoes and accessories. I only hunt them down when there is a sale, very good deal!
This is one of the nicer Nordstrom locations I have been to in the area. I have been to the one at West Farms in CT and prefer Paramus by far in terms of selection.
This is the Nordstrom of my youth. The location that made me love all other Nordstrom locations. I can point you to the best sales person in each department, the sales person that will take their time with you, bring you different sizes or bring different different colors for you to try on with a smile. Like all locations, this Nordstrom is clean and well staffed. The Macy's in this mall should aspire to be as clean as this location, but doesn't. Importantly, this Nordstrom has an Anatasia counter where you can get your eyebrows done. This is the only place in NJ I'd trust with my eyebrows.
While they have a good selection I feel there staff is racist I went in to get my  daughters  first pair of uggs at 10 months old :) and they ignored my sister and I the manager helped once I complained but I just couldn't believe it and the other depts were the same the worst part is most of the people were of color  it's upsetting but I will continue to shop At neiman Marcus since they have always been helpful and responsive even  when I'm in sweats ;) even bergdorf goodman was a nicer experience ... Word to wise don't think you know what I have or what I'm getting you don't know me ;)
This is the only place I shop for bras.  The staff is very good (espcially the Russian lady - she knows her stuff.)  I have a hard time trying to find bras that fit right and I always come out with several great ones (although expensive!)   Also, I love Bobbi Brown make-up which is sold here; Rose works here and she is a good staff person to match your colors correctly.
Nice looking store. Maybe if I was 50 lbs lighter I could fit into something from their men's section. I will say that the sales people are usually really helpful and go out of their way to assist.
Can't beat Nordstrom in terms of value and quality.  This place kicks the shit out of Macy's.  Not as extravagant as Saks or Neiman, but do you really need that kind of extreme pricing? Nordstrom sells the best men's dress shirts.  Smartcare ROCKSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!
Hey Nordstrom! How is it possible to lose my husband's designer jeans that were in for tailoring at the Paramus, NJ store? Took me forever to find a nice pair that fit him and you make him wait a half hour and then no luck? Are you kidding me? This is the WORST customer service. I should have gone to Bloomingdale's or Saks. That nice new credit card will be chopped up ASAP.
Nordstrom's is still my favorite department store at Garden State Plaza.  Not as expensive as Neiman Marcus, but has nicer stuff than J.C. Penney's and Macy's.  Always clean and staff is typically very helpful.   My favorite departments: Shoes, Make-up (huge selection - has Mac which Sephora doesn't!), Women's Clothes.   Plus, Nordstrom's has one of the nicest bathrooms in GSP.  If you're in the area, go here rather than one of the mall bathrooms.
My friend and I were trying to figure out who was better .. Bloomingdale's or Nordstrom.. well not better but more high end.. I  still have no clue. Nordstrom is pretty high end but,lets face it, they are no Neiman or Bergdorf.   But they surely aren't a Macy's or JC penny ..lol sorry Jc penny just sucks so much i chuckled.. neway  They are a tad bit boring, but they carrry  the more affordable items, with a  high end demeanor.. there u go ,.. i got it ! bc bloomys would never carry some of the mess Nordstroms carry. .. Don't be intimidated , go right in ,...Its very affordable , and easy to shop there. They have a real Juniors dept.( as opposed to Bloomys where they have a Jr's dept , but its just as exp as the adult sections, kids clothes should be cheaper,.. i think) They are also very helpful when it comes to customers.
I have been in many times over the past 6 months looking for a pair of Louboutin shoes. I have proactively given my number to several people asking them to call me when they are in. Of course the idiots threw my number out. One day Clarence took my cell and added me to a list of people he texts when they are in. Surely enough weeks later he lets me know some are in but not what I needed- the next day they get the one I want.   THE BEST PART- he leaves at 5 on Saturday- I was in traffic- he waited till 5:30 and stayed till 7 with me.   The other sales people were looking at me as if they knew me- I reminded them they never called me and I knew they weren;t interested. Well my guy sold me 2 pair of Prada, Dolce & Gabana and some others- it was a hell of a sale- IDIOTS the rest of them.  Well in the end he tells me this is his last day- what a nice guy to stay late (yes I know the commission was well worth it) but he is being transferred to Atlanta and said he can get me the shoes even though he is there. Better believe he's my new guy. I also have to say I have been happy with the service at the make up counters and intimates.  Hell all the people who have been helping me since jan have been pretty darn good.
I've been coming here since before I was born. Literally, in the womb, my mother was here buying booties and onesies. Now, I have graduated from babies and kids, past BP, and finally on to the grown up section (although I do sneak into BP from time to time... don't judge) The salespeople here are all super nice, if a bit overenthusiastic. You will never browse alone for more than thirty seconds before someone asks if you need help. I wish I had a "no thanks, just looking" sign I could wear. That being said, whenever I need something particular, especially a special order, I come here first. And I don't even live in Jersey. Or have a car. Honestly, it makes this lifestyle very difficult. Recently I bought my first pair of Louboutins (for my wedding rehearsal dinner) here. You know if I'm willing to drop $600 on a pair of shoes, this place is something special. They also have great cosmetics and lingerie sections, which will come in handy for the Big Event. Minus one star because they do unfortunately stock a lot of ugly old lady clothes on the upstairs level. Ps. No sales tax!
Beautiful store, top notch merchandise and excellent return policy and customer service!
The customer service is comparable to none!  The selection, the atmosphere, the decor and organization of the merchandise is always pristine.   That handbag department ... If you ever wanted to stalk me ...  That's the first place to look!
Unbelievable customer service I went in with a pair of jeans that had ripped. I was greeted by Nora at customer service and have never felt more welcomed in a retail store. Not only did Nordstrom take my ripped jeans they also made sure that there were a pair online for me to buy. I will def continue to shop there.
OK.  Nordstrom is known for it's half yearly sale, but sales before X-Mas?! This was fantastic.  I was shopping with a friend for a holiday dress completely.  My friend is quite busty so we were searching for a work appropriate dress to accommodate her girls.  Shopping on the top floor of Nordstrom where sales were a foot I stumbled upon a few dresses upon them a Nicole Miller that was simple yet elegant. Unfortunately for my friend they did not have her size.  So I figured I would be the good friend and try on the dress so she could envision what she would look like.  Well, I fell in love.  Needless to say I now own a Nicole Miller that was less than $100!  Yes! Nordstrom is having a sale.  I say go prepared to shop. A great store, great service; see Kat in the dress department.
Nice mall with good selection of products. Staffs are friendly especially in woman's shoes section. Generally customer service is good, store is well organized and not over packed with product. Can enjoy shopping without pressure of buying. I like their fine perfume section and shoes, jewelry. I hardly get disappointed with service whenever I visit.
I came here specifically to check out the Zella activewear.  I almost didn't make it- I spent an hour trying to park.  What a nightmare. When I finally got in the store, Heather was super helpful in getting me organized and showing me what they had to offer.  I usually like to just browse on my own, but she was a pro at helping me out without being pushy or making me uncomfortable. Also, I loved that the people working that section were wearing the gear they were selling.  I'm sure it's all in my head (then again, what about sales isn't?), but having a salesperson wearing what I was shopping for kind of made me feel like she was especially qualified to speak about the products.
I Love coming here! Every time I shop here, the customer service is always phenomenal. Every beauty brand I need from YSL to Chanel is there and always ready to give free gifts and samples with purchase. The shoe section is great, I just wish the Christian Louboutin section was bigger but I will live. The Café has yummy inexpensive food. And I can always find clothes for my little ones in the baby and toddler section. The anniversary sale is currently going on and I have been back three times already leaving with bags of goodies. Nordstrom is definitely the epitome of customer service when it comes to department stores. There return policy is awesome and the very few returns I have had to make are all processed smoothly and cordially.
Great mall something for everyone every budget love coming here award winning Joseph in men's department is the best
Great friendly employees.
Let's be real- this place does no wrong. It's my Mecca.
I have visited may Nordstom locations and this is one of my favorites.  Although I am a self proclaimed designer buff an a lot of stuff needs to be ordered, the service I receive from Hannan Ali in handbags is too notch.  Hannan is committed to providing the best customer experience possible and her commitment to excellence is unmatched by others.  It is Hannan's expertise and customer care that keeps me shopping and not minding when I need to order something.  Do yourself a favor and visit her, it will change your life!
Excellent customer service. Store is beautiful and organized. Their womens shoe department is a dream, went to the Anastasia Brow studio in the 3rd floor and Chelsea did miracles with my brows.
Good service, friendly
Nordstroms rocks. period. it has everything u could possible need or want (fashion wise)...and true it's not as redonkulously expensive as neimans.  And my suggestion is shop online!  it's quicker, it's easier and if u call in ur order the people are very nice and helpful!...this store puts the customer first .  They give me what i want and they do what i say. love that.
I love Nordstrom. I have been shopping at this particular location religiously since it opened prob 15 years ago or so. I can remember countless ridiculously fabulous items I bought there that I couldn't find anywhere else. I think they have a magical selection of awesome clothing and accessories, and their customer service is second to none. It's a more high end department store than say Macy's, I personally do not like Macy's, it's always such a disaster with stuff everywhere.  Nordstrom is I think comparable to Bloomingdale's and Lord &amp; Taylor. I like both of those stores but think the selection at Nordstrom is supreme to them. Nordstrom does carry alot of the more exclusive brands and designers that Saks &amp; Neimans carry, but Nordstrom also has items that don't start at &gt;$200. They also have fab beauty &amp; perfumes department and their restaurant and coffee bar are good. I love Nordstrom 4 Life.
I recently scheduled an appointment with a personal shopper at this Nordstrom's  via their website. I filled out the info form, and within 24 hours, I had a return email from their "Customer Relations Manager" who had me fill out a form including my price range, style I have, style I'm looking for, sizes, etc...I was paired with Michelle, a young Savvy Stylist who was personable and professional. She was prepared for our appointment, having pulled quite a number of outfits based on my comments on the paperwork, and then ran around and grabbed many more clothes, shoes, and accessories based on our conversation upon my arrival. All and all, I'm blown away yet again by the wonderful customer service at Nordstrom's. The stylist service is FREE with NO obligation to by, no need to tip for her services, and HELLO! NJ! NO TAX!!! You really should treat yourself to a day of pampering and attention whenever you need a little pick me up in the wardrobe. And ask for Michelle; she's the bomb.
AWFUL COSTUMER SERVICE!! Espically In The shoe department. This has happened to me twice! The first time the employee in the higher end part of the shoe department would not let me try on a pair of louboutins that I have been looking for (I think because I was in sweat pants). I do not buy louboutins online because my size is all over the place and I prefer to try them on first. The second time I was looking around in the higher end shoe department and I asked the manager where the Jeffrey Campbell shoes were. He said to me "They are in the front" so I'm looking around an nothing.  I kept asking employees where they were and they all had me going in circles until I realized they probably weren't there. Once they saw that I was not buying 2,000 dollar shoes they stopped giving me service. I called the department store asking if they sold Jeffrey Campbell shoes and they told me not for another month.... So I was lied to LOL. Absolutely awful I will continue to go the Neimans because when I look like a slob they still give the best costumer service... Not this piece of sh*t store.
Oh, Nordstrom. You used to be my go-to place for shoes. At a size 10/11 narrow, you always had a nice selection in my size. Alas, those days are gone. I was informed the other day that you no longer carry narrow width shoes (except for Munro...which are "comfortable" shoes). One salesperson even laughed at me when i asked if they had a pair of Cole Haan's in my size.  I'd bought a pair there previously!  Oh yes, I know I can find a selection of narrow shoes online, but I need to TRY THEM ON before I buy them. So, dear Nordstrom, my feet and my money bid you farewell.
