Yea!!!!! 20% off everything plus they emailed me a $15 coupon towards my shoe purchase!!! French connection oxfords from $125 to $84 is a deal for me!!! #bargainshopper #canttakemeanywhere
This is probably my favorite Lord & Taylor. Always amazing sales. The whole family shops here. Most of the little one's clothes have come from here since birth - discounted as always. Most of my clothes that I actually care about come from here. Want a Ralph Lauren dress knocked down to around $70, this is the place to go. The hubby and brothers are always in here getting dress clothes, casual clothes don't generally come from here but they also need more dressy stuff for work, socializing and other things. Again with the RL - a suit came to about $250. Not included in any store sales but still discounted. Decent price to update the wardrobe. And of course I love the jewelry department. Fashion jewelry on sale plus a coupon equals a very happy me. They recently sort of renovated so things are a little more organized. There are a lot of new brands in. My only complaint would be the staff is more often than not quite rude and not incredibly helpful, which I don't appreciate in a higher end retail store. Although there's one lovely lady in particular in the kids department. Always awesome. Usually laid back in here and stays open kind of late. I love this place.
So with all the upgrading in the county's shopping, guess what? Lord & Taylor also expanded, becoming a major contender in local department stores. The new L&T in Ridge Hill is just a tease, a prelude, to the bigger, better version in Eastchester. I just hate running into b6tches I can't stand in here!
Men's fragrance dept seems to have brand/company reps that do not work for L&T.  Bad move L&T, you are just alienating your customers with overly aggressive sales people who have no loyalty to the store.   I walked in there and was swarmed by different sales people (at the same time) sticking those paper cards in my face, with whatever brand fragrance they were hawking.  Once I said I'm not interested in that particular fragrance, they would buzz off like flies, never to return or ask what I'm looking for. On the plus side, the store is still nice, with a good selection, and always a sale going on.
You gotta be kidding, how hard is it to buy a pair of blue pants? Employees running around everywhere looking for blue pants in my size. 32x32. SEEMS STANDARD? And does it look like I have all day.... The employees meanwhile tell you that you're wrong about this or that, then they have the gall to smile at you. PUT THAT SMILE AWAY, DO I LOOK ENTHUSED? Long story short I leave this place empty handed. I've been coming here 10 years. TEN! Maybe even more. Thanks for the unfashionable lifestyle I've been afforded thanks to your good for nothing merchandise. K that was a bit harsh, but don't let your kids shop here. They'll look like a Tony Hawk before puberty. Men's selection is epic but so are the prices and god forbid they had a pair of pants a guy could wear. Jesus, you ain't no Bloomingdales. I've been to far better Lord & Taylor stores. That being said, I want to punch both Lord and Taylor directly in the face for this edition of the chain. Suck my hand!
First, let me tell you I've never even been to this store. I called there tonight for assistance ordering a dress I was told by their call center they had in stock. I need this dress for my brother's wedding in November. A string of unfortunate incidents including first getting the right dress but wrong color and then having a sales rep at the store in Novi, MI enter my info incorrectly have kept me from getting this dress. I need it. Now. When I called the Scarsdale store earlier this evening Patricia in the dress department helped me find the dress I needed in the right size and color. It took 3 tries to describe it and confirm it was the correct dress but in under 15 minutes my transaction was confirmed and she tells me my dress will ship out tomorrow. When I thanked Patricia for her diligence she said, "We try to help people." Indeed. Another big thank you for your great customer service all the way from Detroit!
I tried calling them to ask about Hunter boots today and not only were they unhelpful and ungrateful for my business, they left me on the phone to listen to them selling shoes to other customers. I overheard the lady who picked up the phone yell out if anyone was going to answer the phone! WTF? I'm sorry, but am I not a customer as well? All I wanted to ask was if they had my size in stock! It would've probably taken them a minute to look it up! How freakin' rude! I will NEVER walk into an establishment that treats potential customers with such blatant RUDENESS. YUCK! You can thank your RUDE women's shoe department for the loss in business. I hate horrible service!
First problem: Calling this store and having a hard time getting a human being on the phone that speaks English! WHY in the name of God can't you hire human beings to answer your phones??? Do you REALLY think customers WANT to deal with a robot??? When an employee types in an incorrect address and it is realized BEFORE the item has shipped, WHY do you treat it like it's rocket science to correct your error??????????????????? And don't try giving me the nonsense that once an order is placed, it cannot be corrected.  It CAN be corrected ~ It's simply a matter of instructing the people who set your system up. No, I will NOT be placing any internet orders with your store employees again; If your store does not have the size I want, I will simply go to Nordstom or Macy's to by the item(s) I want, because if the Lord & Taylor employee makes a typo, it's ooops, too bad for the customer!!! This is an UNACCEPTABLE way of doing business!!! Either fix your inefficient method of doing business or expect to go out of business!!!!
It's been years since I've been in a Lord & Taylor, as they closed all the locations near me. On a pass through Eastchester, we decided to stop in - purely out of nostalgia. It was as I remembered most Lord & Taylor locations: nice yet average department-store merchandise mix, but offering outstanding customer service. Overall, a better experience than we've come to expect in the Macy's-everywhere era.
This really is my all time favorite store!  I am sooooo loyal to L&T, I'm afraid to tell people about it so I can keep it all to myself. THE BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE!  I wouldn't kid you.  Everyone is friendly and helpful. The store is beautiful and filled with the most beautiful things.  I'm goodlooking by just walking into it.  Best designers ever. What's also the best is the sales that they constantly have.  I can't even believe how great the coupons are that I'll keep charging my L&T card just to get them.   I'm never disappointed when I come here every week.  LOL. Tip:  Every year in November, L&T in Scarsdale has a charity event day where you get 10% off cosmetics and jewelry.
I stopped by L&T yesterday afternoon to pick up some Kiehl's shampoo & conditioner. The woman working the Kiehl's counter was so helpful but not pushy AT ALL. She helped me figure out which shampoo/conditioner combo would work best for me and then happily offered up samples of other kinds for me to try, along with samples of face moisturizers. As she was ringing me up, she gave me her card with the date of the next Charity Event so I can get an additional 10-15% (can't remember which) off my purchase. If only all department store employees were this helpful and friendly...though maybe it's best that they're not. If they were, my bank account would be in trouble.
Like every other retail store, L&T has plummeted in customer service, cleanliness & choice of merchandise...The merchandise selection is all Chinese-manufactured, so, if I'm going to buy anything at all, it will be L&T's generic labels (even HUGO BOSS has gone down the tubes!)....Instead of all employees being friendly & helpful, that now, is the all too rare exception, with the added twinge of ghetto now there...The women's bathroom on the ground floor was DISGUSTING....Why bother paying L&T's prices (even during a sale!), if quality, customer service & cleanliness are long-gone?!!...Buh-bye L&T!!!...What a bummer...
Definitely and oldie but goodie. Always crowded.  GREAT sales.
This is a great store. Amazing sales, beautifully laid out and well maintained. The aisles are clean and easy to maneuver with a stroller. The staff is friendly and accommodating.  Did I mention the sales are unbelievable? I am not in Scarsdale often, but when I am, this store is on my hit list!!!!
Let me start by saying I've been shopping at L&T since I was a teenager . . . and I am nearing retirement. I have lots of clothes I love from this branch as well as the flagship store in NYC. Through the years the Scarsdale store has been renovated and rearranged but the latest "facelift" is  big disappointment. Case in point is the dress department. Sadly, it had been reduced in size and placed in the lower level more than 5 years ago. Still, the selection was great and it was well organized. Imagine my horror in entering the store recently and finding, not the dress department of the '80 and '90s, back on the main floor - but the equivalent of a warehouse packed with cheap dresses. There is no logic to the way the dresses are displayed, and signs for lines and sizes are scare. What was equally annoying was the inability of the dress department manager to find dresses by Kay Unger, David Meister or other better brands in any number. They were overshadowed by unknown labels imitating Mad Men '60s styles. After half an hour, I left the store, went home and ordered two dresses online from Bloomingdale's.
I love this store !!! everyone is friendly and the store carries great stuff; it's definately a must "Go and See".
It is a nice store in Eastchester, not in  Scarsdale, despite the address.   The clientele is more upscale but older generation... I think.   Can pick up good stuff once a while with sales.
One of the best places around if you are looking for a selection of fine  clothing for the curvaceous and well-fed lady like myself. ;) They of course have clothing for all sizes, but I have been really impressed with the brand names in the women's department. Prices are a little inflated, but come with a coupon or when they are having a sale.
After searching online for the perfect gift I found some perfume with a gift for purchase from Lords & Taylor.  It was to be sent to my sister-in-law. There online site gave me grief putting in the phone number but I finally did and they confirmed the purchase. They next day they canceled the order.  When I inquired why they said they couldn't verify the address.  After we went through all the information, that was correct on my part, I had to verbally resubmit the order verbally.  What a hassle all the way around for such a high end store.  I'm using Nordstroms on line next time
