If these people had a food truck they would be millionaires.  Ordered two sandwiches.  Took 10 minutes and they were so good I forgot how annoyed and hungry I was real quick.  I thought a grilled cheese place was a joke, was I wrong!  Try the #89 or the #42 as both are well worth $7.50.  I'll absolutely go back!
Holy crap. The sandwich here are mind blowing. I had the 25, my husband the 28. First of all, the bread is freshly baked. The sandwiches are filled with quality ingredients and toasted to perfection. The quality reminds me a lot of The Melt in Cleveland. Just amazing. Taking one star off because the wait is a little silly. There was only one order before us but we waited half an hour for our sandwiches. Worth the wait though if you're not in a hurry! One of the few places in buffalo I would not hesitate to recommend.
I absolutely LOVE grilled cheese sandwiches and make them at home all the time... with all different kinds of bread and all different kinds of cheese and sometimes a couple of tomato or apple slices thrown in for good measure.  That said, I love this place as far as concept goes.  I found the execution a bit weak though.  When I stopped in the other day for a quick lunch I was the only person there (except for the owner and another guy who was working), but it still took me a while to receive a greeting.  Then once I was acknowledged and I placed my order and paid with my credit card I was told, "You don't want your receipt, right?". Ummm.... well..... actually, I do.  I'm just that type of crazy person who checks every receipt off against my statement every month.  Please don't judge me. I asked for a glass of water to go with my sandwich and I was told they don't have any, but I could buy a bottled drink. No thanks.  Water in a cup is good enough for me. Nope... no can do.  Oh well.  I waited and waited and waited and waited for my sandwich as I sat at the counter and played with my phone and tried not to get a headache from the too loud music (man!  I'm getting old!) Glance at the owner cooking...nothing.....glance....nothing.....­glance....nothing.....  Finally the other guy brought my sandwich with a chuckle and said, "Here's your sandwich.  You look very hungry".  Ummmm.... yeah...I was a bit hungry.... but it also took nearly 20 minutes to make one sandwich for the one person in the restaurant. My sandwich, the "Number 28" was supposed to be brie, gouda, and cheddar with granny smith apples, caramelized onions, and a drizzle of honey.  Well.... I don't think either gouda or honey were on my sandwich.  It still tasted mighty good.... perfectly golden brown and gooey with flavors that melded perfectly.  It was a very good sandwich, as it should be for $7.49 plus tax without even coming with a pickle or a potato chip on the plate.  Will I come back?  Probably not.  But I will experiment with more grilled cheese sandwich concoctions at home.  For that inspiration alone I must give thanks!
This is a quick in-and-out grilled cheese paradise. With seating for only about 10 people, they make up for the lack of seating with a menu full of creative grilled cheese concoctions. You can get a simple grilled cheese for $1.99 (or 6 for $9.99) OR you can get all fancy like I did today. I ordered the #72 which came with ricotta cheese, fried portobello, eggplant baby spinach and sun dried tomatoes on white bread. It was $6.99, but it was one mean grilled cheese sandwich. The white bread was way bigger than expected and perfectly grilled (not too charred) with a buttery exterior. The ricotta cheese was very smooth and the bits of portobello and eggplant were sauteed superbly and blended with the spinach and sun dried tomatoes. The staff was nice and prompt. My only gripe is that they only had bottled water and wouldn't let me get any tap water for my sandwich. That's kind of weird, what kind of restaurant won't let you get water?! Other than that, big fan of this place for lunch or a late-night Allen St. option!
It's a shame they don't make currency here. We could all use a little change, said Smash Mouth, and it's true. If they were a "Smelting Point" then we could all pop in here for free money anytime we wanted to, instead of greasy fancy takes-too-long-to-make grilled cheese sandwiches. I have to be honest and say I am not the world's biggest fan of this place. But I do like it and I am glad it's here and I might even go back again someday. The quirk you should know going in is, there are only about 10-15 sandwiches, and you can build your own if you want. But they are randomly, erratically numbered between 1 and 100, which makes it sound like an enormous menu when you tell your friend "get the #42, not the #28". By the way, get the 42, not the 28. Seriously. But then what do I know, I'm not even a huge fan of this place. I know, I know, and I'm sorry. I know everyone is delighted to have a sweet cool tiny little grilled cheese place in the heart of artsy Buffalo. I know that the menu is really exciting and very original. I know that the wait times suggest incredible food. Maybe I'm just not a big fan of grilled cheese? It is a very American thing. We do have cheese on toast in England, but it is *way* better than grilled cheese (probably because we use amazing cheeses, like this place does). American grilled cheese I always found to be awful. I like "Melt" in Cleveland, and this place is named similarly which makes me think if that was at least in the back of the minds of whoever opened this... but in all honesty this place is absolutely nothing like it. Much less elaborate and expensive, smaller portions, tiny little digs on Allen Street. I was torn between giving it a 3 and a 4 rating. I'd never give a little family owned place like this less than a 3. The 3 is because their most recommended sandwich (#28) actually made my stomach turn. It was both the caramelized onions, and the sharp, sour apple, which completely dominated the sandwich and made me feel sick for hours. So they were firmly going to get a 3 based on that. But then I tried the thick cut bacon and smoked gouda sandwich (#42), and I really liked it. It wasn't quite a 5... probably more like a 4. But definitely delicious. I wouldn't go out of my way to have it again but it was definitely good. And my friend that loves grilled cheese, absolutely adored it. It's very greasy and wet and hot and luscious and that's exactly how I like it. Another reason I lean towards a 3 rather than a 4 is because I think (predictably) this place is being overrated. Yes it's fancy grilled cheese, yes it's on Allen and yes it's good. But it's quite far from being a 5/5, and 50% of the sandwiches I've tried so far have been stomach-churningly bad (although I don't appreciate fruit and savoury foods being mixed, so that does mean I'm a little biased on the apple one). However based solely on the sandwich I loved, which is borderline 4/5, and the fact that I'd like to support them and their original concept and menu, and the fact that my friend adores it and has more "American" taste than me and probably has more similar taste to the average American, and the fact that they are fairly friendly (I'd say average on a scale of awful to great), I'll give it a 4. Plus I realize that given that this place has not too many reviews yet, if I give it a 3 I'd significantly affect it in a negative way and I feel bad about that. My personal bias against grilled cheese and against fruit & caramelized onions should not really affect a business rating that much. But understand that my rating is with the caveat that it's slightly pretentious, one of the sandwiches made me sick, the wait time is really really really long (and sometimes they say 5 mins when they mean 15, which is a bad habit), and that it's far from being the best place in Buffalo as some will tell you it is. But since it's all a matter of opinion and since so many people in the US are obsessed with grilled cheese sandwiches... I'd say there's a good chance you'll love this place.
Allentown has been wondering for months, will Melting Point ever open? It finally opened today and based on my experience if was worth the wait. The menu (seems temporary) is set up with different combinations of cheeses, spreads, other ingredients already predetermined for your grilled cheese sandwich. I ordered the "No 28" which was Brie, Gouda, Cheddar, Carmelized onions and Granny Smith apple slices. This was a large sandwich which basically tasted like dessert. I couldn't eat more than half of it and I'm really looking forward to the other half later. It was only $7.49 which seemed more than fair for the amount of cheese that was inside. They also sell classic grilled cheese here for $1.99 each/6 for $9.99 if you're too lazy or messed up to cook that yourself. I was happy with my visit here and I can't wait to go back and try something else.
As I waited at one of the 2 tables in the establishment the size of a closet that is Melting Point, about 12ish minutes after I ordered, this review was sitting around 2 stars. However, I'm happy to report that after actually eating my food, it shot up to 4. That's what it boils down to, right? The regular grilled cheese is awesomely priced at 2 bucks; but my fancy-pants "No. 42"( Thick-cut Bacon, smoked gouda, tomato, spinach) goes for a semi-steep (considering what it is) $8.49. Again, after eating this delightfully delicious and extremely unhealthy creation, all complains went away. The portion size was perfect: not huge, not tiny, just right for me. I look forward to trying more of the menu. It's not a perfect situation...with only one man on the grill, it does take a while to get your food, and it's such a small place that if it were to get busy, it would be uncomfortable to wait. Take these things into account, but enjoy the final product.
Decided to head and try some specialty grilled cheese with some friends for lunch.  My first impression is that this place is SMALL.  We had 4 people and were lucky that the stools along the window were free, because there are only about 7 or 8 seats TOTAL.  Definitely a good option to get it to-go. I ordered the No. 38 -- Monterey Jack cheese, grilled chicken, roasted poblano pepper, and sweet cherry tomato jam.  It was very delicious.  I wish it was a bit warmer on the inside, but the bread was perfectly toasted and buttery.  My friends all enjoyed their sandwiches as well.  For someone who does NOT like a lot of cheese, I was happy that it was not overly cheesy, and it had a nice balance of other toppings.  One of my friends did comment that she wish hers had more mozzarella, so I guess that it something to consider if you like super cheesy sandwiches. Prices are a bit higher than I'd like, but it was definitely a good sandwich.  Judging by the numerous people coming in and out, I'd say they seem to be doing pretty well with the lunch crowd.  I wish them luck and I will definitely be back!
Oh, my, goodness. Yum, grilled cheese! Great grilled cheese! Better than what I could ever make. I first went to the Melting Point with my mom this past Saturday. I wasn't really sure what to expect and to be honest, I wasn't really sure if I even liked grilled cheeses. Well, I LOVE the No. 28 Grilled Cheese from Melting Point. Delectable! Apple slices, caramelized onions, brie, cheddar, and gouda cheese with a "drizzle of honey" for a mere $7.49. Yeah, I suppose I could make my own grilled cheese for less but it wouldn't be anywhere near as good as Melting Point's grilled cheese! The two gentlemen who were working were kind and personable even though I may have gotten made fun of for being unable to get the front door open. No shame here!   Only complaint is the restaurant is terribly tiny but it's grilled cheese people are eating, not three course meals. Tables empty pretty quickly. This "complaint" is definitely not worthy enough to subtract a star. We're talking 5-star, melt in your mouth, grilled cheese. I can't wait to grab another grilled cheese from Melting Point!!! Looking forward to their continued success!
I love their sandwiches--delicious, squishy, bready and cheesy. Total comfort food. However, both times I went there for lunch I was waiting 20 minutes for just a grilled cheese sandwich--a bit too long for a restaurant that is clearly a quick eat's place (tiny store with just a couple tables). Furthermore, when I tried to stop by again just today, at 11:30am, the restaurant was still not open, although they have posted everywhere that they open at 11:00am. Come on, Melting Point, I wanted to eat you! And this is following the mid-summer vacation they took earlier this month. I was trying to eat you then, Melting Point! You guys don't make it easy to be loyal a customer.
We had the number 28. Best cheese  melt Sandwich . These two guys really know what they're doing. We waited a long time for this to open- the wait was worth it. Will be returning soon to try the rest of the sandwiches The tomato basil soup was excellent. Nice cozy restaurant with good service. We were offered a free pickle and free soup for the wait love this place.
The food here is always amazing! I like to try a new sandwich each time I come in and am always pleased with my order. The soup special is always something unique, (ex: Broccoli leek, or turnip potato) and it is always fantastic. The service is very friendly, the only reason for the 4 stars is the wait. I get take out from here since I live in the area and it is usually between a 10-20 minute wait for your food depending on how busy it is.
I have really mixed feelings about this restaurant.  On one hand, I adore grilled cheese with a firey passion.  On the other hand, a bunch of stuff about this place rubs me the wrong way.  It's a little expensive for what it is, but the sandwiches are really large.  The menu is pretty awesome, I've sampled about half of their sandwiches and have yet to have a bad experience (see: I love grilled cheese).  My biggest complaint is that the two guys working while my friend and I were in there were kind of mean to us for no reason, and we waited a stupid amount of time for our food.  Not cool, but my love for grilled cheese trumps all else.  Mikey, he likes it!
Had the 38 and the 42 yesterday. Banging! Also had the roasted garlic sun dried tomato soup. Equally banging!
Tiny place. ..2 tall tables and a Window counter. So it's great for a quick bite or take out.  I came here to meet up with a friend and we had 2 toddlers and a baby. It was not a good choice to meet due to no area for kids to sit.  But we don't regret our choice because the food was awesome. I got a brie, carmelized onion,  and Apple sandwich.  Thick bread grilled in butter and everything melted together just right. My friend loved her eggplant grilled cheese too.  And my kids inhaled their classic grilled cheese. Would  definitely return. ..without the kids
I love cheese. Like get mad when theres none in the fridge kinda love. This place takes it to a whole new level though. I went in here and requested that they chose between the #25 and the #64 for me. What I got was the #64 with added bacon (I might've asked if they could add bacon to whichever one they picked). It honestly was the best grilled cheese I've ever had. I can't wait to become a regular here! Another plus for being open until 2 and for the awesome, friendly service.
Sometimes you just want grilled cheese and tomato soup. For me and the lady, last night was one of those nights. I don't even remember what I ordered but it had gouda and caramelized onions and gooey goodness. the tomato soup was exactly what I needed to warm me up. the service was polite and prompt, and even though it's a small spot we found dining in to be quite cozy. we'll definitely be returning soon to sample more of the menu. all bases covered from fancy smelly cheeses to good old yellow American on white, there's something for everyone, even the kids. considering that crust next door is awful, and jims is bleh( see my reviews on Jim's and crust) I see this place having the potential to be a huge success.
Really friendly and courteous staff, I enquired about a vegan cheese and they asked me for suggestions...I can't wait to see if they get it. I'm lactose intolerant, so I got a no. 25 which is made with goat cheese and doesn't bother me too much. It was awesome. Everything we ordered was perfect. I am definitely going here from now on. :)
Their  No. 3 with bacon is one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches I've ever  tasted. Their tomato soup was also really good.
Simple concept done right.  Delicious.
Great addition to Allentown!  These gourmet grilled cheeses are mind blowing.  It's simple in its concept, but very affective.  I will be coming back... ALOT!  Try the 38 and 97. I plan on trying all of them
Customized my own grilled cheese tonight.   Pickled jalapeño and smoked gouda.   Definitely five spatulas!  Do yourself a favor and ask about the ginger ale.
Simple concept. Perfectly executed. Quality, fresh, and local. The bread is unique and delicious and the combinations of flavors are really work well with one another. All the menu items are thought out and executed to perfection. Clearly these guys know what they're doing and care about putting out the best product.
Been waiting forever for this place to open and finally made the trip down tonight. I got a simple sandwich with a few cheeses, pesto, and spinach. It was perfect. I don't spend time in Allentown often but my friend and I both agreed its worth the trip down. It doesn't hurt than the owner is very charming!
I want to first start off by saying that the food is 5 star! The only downfall is the wait. Every time I order inside it take 20-30 minutes. I do understand it's too small for more then 2 employees, so it makes sense. I think the place needs some customer service improvements. But I will say that the sandwiches Are so good I'm willing to wait! I define rely recommend!
Tasty sandwiches, and reasonable prices.  I like it!  Downsides are a tiny restaurant and no public bathroom as far as I can see.  I'd suggest planning on takeout if you go at a busy time, since they only have two tables and a 3 seat bar.
