This park is fantastic. Probably the only place in Manhattan where you can find *real* nature...not some urban planning squareish park. During the day it's fantastic and it's not so bad dusk time either. Biggest complaint about going after dark would be those people who go there at night to drink and smash bottles. One of the best parts about Inwood Hill Park is the dog run. Homer's run (what it's called) is where we are the most (with our dog) Great dogs and great people!
Good for jogging, especially in the dawn hours of the morning.  The joggers are content to let you go buy in companionable silence.  The woods are gorgeous, and those who're social can sign up with Wild Man Steve Brlll for a foraging tour.  There's some work going on to renovate a terraced area in the middle of the woods - stone benches that were falling apart were removed, and the pavement was broken up.  The park still has woodsy parts to it - contrast to Fort Tryon Park which is the part of this area separated by Dykman street, and the home of The Cloisters Museum - Fort Tryon is manicured and posh.  Inwood Hill is somewhat primal.   Don't miss the salt marsh/tidal pond during cherry blossom season - there's  great cherry tree with a wood bench looking out over the water.  Perfect for sitting and holding hands with a loved one.
Many years ago I didn't feel comfortable walking through Inwood Hill Park.  The situation eventually improved tremendously, and I remember a wonderful Christmas Day walk with a group of people in 1999.  I took another long walk there with my husband, on a gorgeous late-fall day in 2002.  Inwood Hill Park is a treasure, and its location at the tip of Manhattan seems light-years away from the "hustle and bustle".  It's hilly, overgrown, beautiful and peaceful (or at least the latter is true for most parts of the park).  We look forward to spending more time there in the future. The city parks' chief naturalist gives guided nature walks at this park from 8-10 a.m. on Sundays, from April or May through mid-November.
All I can say is that it's a BEAUTIFUL park with picturesque views towards the Hudson and the Palisades of New Jersey. Not as crowded as other parks throughout the city and seemed a bit 'quieter'...well at least the areas that are NOT near the baseball or soccer fields. Most people who visit the park are families and their friends and mostly locals so definitely NOT touristy. Great place to get some sun and just relax. Only a 5 minute stroll away from the 207th Street Station (A train). Inwood residents should be proud they have this park at their doorsteps since Central Park can get a bit old after a while.
Inwood Hill Park is completely different than any other park you're likely to go to in NYC (especially Manhattan) in that the majority of the park is completely natural and not at all landscaped or designed by anyone (unless we're counting God as a landscape architect). Its serene and dense woods only have several paved paths winding through them (there aren't any benches and unpaved paths are hard to come by). The park, as it's name suggests, is on a very steep hill so there are good opportunities for exercise here. In addition to the wooded area Inwood park also has a field area, courts of every kind, and playgrounds. Overall the 196.4 acre park is something to be treasured and is worth a visit. It's worth noting the history of this place as it's quite interesting. It's estimated that humans inhabited the area since prehistoric times. There has been documented proof of Native Americans living in the area who used the surrounding rivers for food and the natural rock formations as shelter. Some maps have this labeled as caves but it's not that grand. The few "caves" are just big enough to fit 2-4 people laying down in. I went to explore them (toward the northern side of the park) a little and one was inhabited by a homeless guy, and another also had evidence of someone staying there as indicated by the blankets and empty box of the plan B pill. I digress. There once was a tulip tree at the northern side of the park that lived for hundreds of years, it was under this tree that Peter Minuit traded the island of Manhattan with the Native Americans for essentially a small amount of goods. The tree actually survived until 1933 where a storm too it down. In its place stands a stone with a plaque marking the spot.
Inwood Hill seems like a forgotten park, both by people and time. The forest here is overgrown with brambles at points and there are some very large trees. This is not a manicured park, and that's part of its charm. At one point there is a small fence with a break in it. This leads to a large rock, an observation point of sorts, where you have a sweeping view of the Hudson. It's beautiful, even if the cars whooshing down the West Side Highway below detract a bit from the bucolic scene. Three stars. I've seen better parks, but Inwood gets points for maintaining its natural aura while staying within Manhattan's bounds. That said, Fort Tryon probably pulls this off better.
If you're ever up by the cloisters, and I admit it's not everyday I go here, this spot is particularly beautiful one.   This is one of those hidden corners of NY that people often forget about... Gorgeous views of the Hudson River will frame the backdrop, while you lounge away your day on the grass and enjoy nature.  It really is that far north. If you haven't dragged your butt up here yet, summer is a great time to do just that.
This park is very large and a great hang-out place. There are so many things to do, so many scenes to choose from. In the summer they have nice festivals and free movies. This is a family oriented place, lots of kids and pets running around. I love setting up picnics and just people watching.
I simply love love love this park. I run in it regularly and love the fact that it is a challenge. It is filled with steep hills which is great if you want to challenge yourself and also if you want to do some off-road running in the city. There is always people around and Sundays are nice with their baseball games and tennis playing.
I absolutely love this park. Growing up in Inwood I spent countless hours in this park, playing little league here, basketball, and riding my bicycle through rather challenging trails for a 12 year old. I am so glad that this park has been cleaned up, and I dfeel proud to be a strong supporter of this process. In the last week of June 2009, my organization will be hosting River Week 2009, a celebration of conservation and environmental awareness and progress. Naturally, the even will be taking place in the heart of Upper Manhattan parks, Inwood Hill. I can hardly help myself from jumping around in excitement as we continue the planning phase of the event. I hope to see everyone there!
This park is great place for the whole family to spend the day. You have ball fields, play grounds, trails, plenty of benches, the farmers market at one of the entrances, views of the Hudson River. This place is great for those visiting or living  in uptown Manhattan, Inwood or even the Bronx because it is right over the bridge or from NJ too because it is not too far from the George Washington bridge. This is nice park overall.
March and April and great times to visit this park--all the bulbs and  trees are blooming. Lots of paved walkways, usually lots of people and families so you feel safe. At 218th entrance you can see the  tidal pools from the Harlem River, (Sometimes you get to see the Colombia athletes during their crew practice) and visit the Park Nature Center (bathrooms are here too) for information on local wildlife, some Saturday programs are available and occasionally free canoeing lessons. The highlight is the ongoing summer plays in the park-- Information is posted at Park Entrance.
Great park in the City! Good for jogging and foraging- check out Wildman Bill and his foraging tours throughout City parks. It just has a different feel to it compared to Central Park or even Riverside. This park is real (no Starbucks cups or open cookouts here). They also have tons of activities all year round. I also love going to Ft. Tryon. River views and quiet corners make this a great spot to bring lunch and just chill. Plus the Medieval Festival is here and well that just takes me back to my Ohio summers!
Nature stands proudly at the ends of Manhattan. I came to Inwood with a clear and overdue purpose in mind; to gaze at the purported spot where Peter Minuit purchased Manhattan Island on 1626 and ponder on perhaps, the most incredible barter in all history; the acquisition of what was soon to become New Amsterdam and one day New York, for the mere price of a few beads and trinkets valued at 6 guilders at the time, our inflation equivalent of 24 bucks. So yeah, New Yawk idiosyncrasy was born on the premise of this transaction: "I'll make ya an offer that you can't refuse, capicce?" Nature stands proudly at the ends, but in between, blocks and blocks of projects and slums dominate the landscape; I braced the 1 train towards 215th St. were Inwood Park is; last Manhattan stop, then you are off to Bronxland. Admittedly never having ventured this far, I didn't know what to expect; I asked for directions to the park and made a left turn at 218 street, and at the very end lied the Park and a view of the Henry Hudson Bridge. The foliage was beautiful in its shades of red, yellow and green; I quickly sidestepped the last human landscaped vestiges of this once proud forest, and soon enough I was in between tall trees and strange rock formations, which distinctive, sloppy arrangement, betrays them as having being formed in the last ice age, or so I read. All this brought me to the very same sight that the Dutchmen saw upon touching land. Nature in the raw, away from the buildings and busy streets, a mirage of things to come. Eerie. The Rock states the legend of the famed transaction, and I remember the thoughts of Peter of Amsterdam upon seeing the bizarre bronze skinned humans that curiously smiled upon them: "Now although the land was goodly and fair to look upon, a veritable garden of pleasure, to those who had come from a long voyage on the angry waters, as had we of the Sea Mew, yet there came into my mind the fear that these brown men who wandered here and there, giving little heed to us who were so lately arrived, and who were the owners of this New World, might come at some future time to say to themselves that it were better the Dutch had never landed in their midst. If that day ever did arrive, woe unto us whose skins were white!" The low humdrum of an irreversible moment in history; the clash of two worlds and everything that was to happen. I stroll in the cement paths totally covered by falling yellow leaves and I lose myself on those echoes of history; the fear and emotion of the seaman, touching dry land after months and months of wicked tides and the expectation of death; the terror at the sight of unknown vegetation and unknown things; naive and unsure but with the secret and growing realization that this land is their ultimate prize. A word creeps into this tired and rugged sailor's unconscious: plunder. And the indigenous; observing the vessel from this very same promontory where I stand; the strange ships which make  their long wooden canoes pale in comparison. The bizarre clothing, the big beards, the ivory skin and the long metal furlongs that they carry. And the calfskin bags full of powder. A fire is lit, Dutchman and Indian lie in peace, still examining their distinctive features, and in the smoke of this first fire, violent shapes and sounds seem to gather, of terrible man made skyscrapers done with glass and ironwork, of immense Grey balloons lazily floating in the skies, of sloppy smoking metal monsters scaring off the horses as they valiantly take to the streets. And the cheers; the celebrations of independence amidst stars and stripes, the roaring of crowds gathered on the shipyards as the immense crates of a puddled iron cast statue of a lady pulls into the harbor, and 1,000 derby hats into the air as the war to end all wars comes to an end. And of tragedy. The screams of thousands as the modern towers of Jericho collapse in themselves, the sordid cry as a metal & hydrogen mammoth bearing the symbol of the swastika crashes in an unprecedented inferno: "Oh, The Humanity!" A jogger grazes me and my thoughts are redirected to the incontrovertible present. I give one furtive look to the rock formations I mentioned before and a sense of fear is ignited. One day nature will once again reclaim this island and leave again it's immemorial mark like it did in the Ice Age; and the jogger, the bum sleeping over that rock, and the lambasting cynics that live outside this last bastion, will be all gone. I walk away. The bum stammers; "C-can you spare a quarter" I give him a dollar, the bum shows me his horrid teeth in a smile. Why not? This is, after all, the place where we commemorate a deal...
This park is the only park in Manhattan that is original and was not created or designed. nycgovparks.org/about/hi… There are actual geology tours here. nyctransported.com/2011/… It is hard to believe it is in  Manhattan. We ended up here by accident. We had actually planned on going to Indian Road cafe. yelp.com/biz/indian-road… But they were pretty rude and sent us away. I said we came here from another neighborhood we rarely venture this far uptown. In fact I rarely ever go further than Harlem. If I do it is  for the Bronx or Bronxville or something. In fact past Harlem I always call it upstate. It isn't accurate but anyone who has been in NY for at least a few decades or grew up here knows everything outside of the main areas of the city are refereed to by New Yorkers as upstate. Its not accurate just what we call it. It just means it is far and not what we think of as the city. I said I have to use the bathroom really bad and I came here especially for Indian Road Cafe and they said use the one in the park. We went to the park the bathroom was closed. We went back and someone else was asking to use the bathroom. They said we are closed for a special event. I told them the bathroom in the park was closed which they must have known since it was across the street and I reminded them I made a special trip to go to the cafe and they just said go find another bathroom. The door was not closed at Indian Road cafe. Needless to say we won't be back there. Oh about the park-Within the 196-acre park is the last remaining primeval forest in Manhattan, not to mention the fact of it's waterfront, archaeological relics, recreational fields, ornithological study areas, and jogging and pedestrian paths. We were happy to find Urban camping but you do not feel you are in an Urban Park at all! We saw mostly New York residents there but there was a group across the street from Indian Road Cafe. They looked so out of place. The ladies were wearing heels the men wearing suits and they were drinking wine. They had an attitude which projected that  they were not from NY. Perhaps Greenwich CT. They were annoying and out of place. Everyone else was a resident and they were just enjoying their day in the park. There are signs all over the park saying the USDA kills Geese and save the geese. I saw a lady writing it with chalk and asked her what it was about. She said the Government is euthanizing geese all over the city. Apparently it has been on the news here. I try not to watch too much bad news since 911. nbcnewyork.com/news/loca… Anyway so that is a big issue in the park. The park is quite lovely. We were there until after dark and there were so many events going on in the park. I loved the walking paths. There were a few bikes but New Yorkers were riding them. Not silly transplants riding out of control with cow bells on their bikes expecting you to move out of their way since they refuse to learn to ride well or properly. There were good bikers from New York here. To me that is important since my health has declined and I have been falling and can't walk unassisted any more. I need to walk in a park where the bikers know how to ride and don't have a license to kill. Just look around the city and you will see many memorials to dead bikers. That is not the real NY! From a site called Washingtonheights.Us. According to local legend, the Dutch purchased Manhattan from the Indians for $24 worth of trinkets on November 5, 1626, near the knoll on the shore of the Spuyten Duyvil Creek. To commemorate the occasion, the Indians planted a tulip tree, which had grown for 300 years. Its dimensions were 165 feet in height and 6 and 1/2 feet in diameter. The tree, now long dead, has been replaced with a plaque honoring the location and event. The cove in the Spuyten Duyvil Creek was the reputed landing site of a long boat of Henry Hudson's ship Half Moon. The legendary purchase of Manhattan from the Lenape presumably occurred in what is now Inwood Hill Park. Some of the oldest trees in Manhattan are the tulip trees of Inwood. At present there is a Copper Beech that is not native to the park. Experts have dated the tree at least 140 years old. Other trees found in the park are Dogwood, Oak, Gingko and Hickory. During the American Revolution, Inwood Hill, then known as Cox's Hill, saw many skirmishes. The fortification was known as Fort Cock Hill, whose name was derived from its location. The fort was a redoubt that mounted two cannon. After the Fall of Fort Washington on November 26, 1776, the Hessians occupied the area.-http://www.washington-heights.us/ Here is a link about the neighborhood Inwood. myinwood.net/where-cobwe… It looks like Bronxville,  it has the same hills and look to it
Nice waterfront
With so much stress from the day to day work... on a Monday night! lol I decided to go for a walk around the block from my GF apt to burn some steam outside and not on her.  I walked up on cooper and then turned left on Isham checking out what was there next to Isham park.  While all i wanted was some peace and quiet and Isham park looked quiet, i didn't feel in the mood for a walk up the hill as it is. Down the street i see basketball courts and tennis courts and then going north the sound of baseball. Not as peaceful and quiet as i wanted but alluring none the less as it was early at night and the sun was still up. This walk took me deeper and deeper down the fields of Inwood Hill Park. I didn't know what it was called then as i had not been there, but have been in this area for the best part of a year.  As i walked down the well kept grassy hill, i noticed how smooth it all looked between the sparse large trees that would bring shade on a sunny day. Families of all sizes gathered here and there on the grass. Some trying to fly kites other playing ball. Some baseball games were taking place in adjoining baseball fields. All the way down the hill, the water... Understanding NYC water, i still found it extremely calming to see. The sun was not directly coming down on the water. It was just some light remaining for the late afternoon. It looked beautiful at that moment and it did to me what i needed. It calmed me down and helped me relax. Even little ducklings swam around the shore! How much more of a soothing image did i need? Not much more. It is nice to know that such places are still available to us here in the city. Sometimes we seem to forget that they are there for us to enjoy a bit of nature inside this concrete and steel jungle we live in.  As most of us tend to look for enclosed venues to drown our stress in.  As it is, i am currently envisioning a longer visit to this park to do something active or relaxing. Maybe play some sport, ride a bike or just a picnic. Actually, maybe one of these nights after work. Stop at the super market and get a few simple goodies and relax under a tree with my sweetheart. Some wine might not be a bad idea. On a side note. There are some nature related activities available for children there. I will be checking on them later on, my daughter might like some of them. Canoing, hiking and the like... Be active...
I love Inwood Park.  Its hard not to consider Central Park as one's favorite park in Manhattan, but Id have to say that we have a tie.  Its almost surreal to be in certain parts of this park.  If you took someone, blindfolded them and set them in the middle of Inwood park (aside from facing kidnapping charges) that person would not believe that they were in Manhattan.     You can literally get lost in the woods here.  There are certain areas that you can hike through, that make you feel like you are in a forgotten world.  Streetlights broken and covered in live growth. The pathways cracked and barely visible through all the plant life.  Or you can go off the path and make your own.   You can see the Bronx, and New Jersey (sometimes simultaneously) in this park.  You can see the Hudson and Harlem Rivers (again, simultaneously).  There's always an abundance of clearings free of people (especially tourists) for you to lay out, throw a frisbee, football, kick a soccer ball etc. which is either unheard of or not allowed in Central Park.   To top it all off, you can go rock climbing here.  Im not talking BS rock hiking, Im talking Sylvester Stallone, cliffhanging, life's on the line (if you so choose it to be) rock climbing.  Its exhilarating, beautiful, and unbelievably fun.   If youve never been to Inwood Park, you are not a New Yorker.   Thats that.
I walked through this park on a beautiful sunny Sunday, and I have to say, is one of the nicest places on the entire island of Manhattan. I walked around a little and then walked around the tip of the island, under the bridge and almost wandered up on the bridge to cross it, but turned back and headed back around. I came in from the 218th st entrance, and saw lots of little league-rs, people BBQing without consequence, and Frisbee teams practicing. It was so peaceful and nice. The walk around tip through the woods was star though, You got gorgeous views of jersey, the Bronx and the Hudson river. I cant wait to come back again.
Great park to wander around. How many places in Manhattan can you pick raspberries? Damn few. This is one of them. You can also get a great view of the Hudson. Good luck finding that in Central Park. And beyond the playing fields and courts, this place is pretty empty. Highly recommend wandering through the park if you need to relax and get away from it all for a little bit.
This  beautiful, large park located in upper Manhattan is great for exercising; a jog, walk, yoga, family gatherings, a picnic, or a romantic randevu. It has lots of little nooks and places to explore so it's great for kids and dogs as well. I love this park.
It is one of the most green parks in the area. it is good for running , walking and it is great place to walk with your pets. Love it , I met one of my girlfriends here :)
Another great park in upper manhattan.  Its nice to have a park where you see more nature than city and that is hard to find.  The tourists can keep central park.
Can't say anything bad about this park or better yet protected forest. Amazing slice of nature and love walking the trails imagining this was Manhattan while the Native Americans hunted and fished and lived on the hill. The plaque at the base of the hill says this is the spot Manhattan was sold to the Dutch almost four hundred years ago.
Walk the perimeter of the park, i.e. the outside fences, & there are PEOPLE...glorious, diverse, free PEOPLE. IHP is mainly fields & open lawns situated atop Manhattan before the BX. Sometimes I just want the paths and trails to end; not because they're not flippin' awesome but because I'm aesthetically flabbergasted and overwhelmed by silence not characteristic of this island.
My neighborhood park. It does get pretty crowded in the summer, with toddler birthdays and family reunions, but it's a great place for a rollerblade or a hike up to the Indian caves.  There's actually a way to walk all the way to Dyckman and the river essentially entirely through the woods from here, believe it or not. Toward 207th, stop and watch a basketball game in summer.   These kids are GOOD!
What a discovery! I went out here to meet up with some friends who come here for their neighborhood dog park. After catching up with their doggy friends, we went on a long, winding hike through the woods and like the other poster said, it was hard to believe I was in Manhattan. Absolutely beautiful and peaceful - from what my friends have told me, it's claimed to be some of the original old growth forest, plus where the Dutch made the original purchase. As repeating the other poster, but there are some seriously nice looking rock climbing areas in this park, although no climbers to be had the day we were out there.
Lovely, lovely park -- the hiking trails lead you into some really dense, unadulterated forest and for a couple of minutes makes you forget you're still in Manhattan. During the week I imagine it's even more quiet and tranquil than it was over the weekend. Lots of birds and other wildlife to look at too.
Such an amazing park! Have you fed the ducks? Enjoyed The Drums Along the Hudson Festival? Been to the Indian Road cafe for a coffee? This is such a lovely park!! I heard kids doing paint ball one day- but the rangers are usually very good about such things.
What a great view! You can stroll on your romantic walks and take wonderful pictures. Who knew Bronx's park can be so beautiful.
One of my favorite parks on the planet.  I'm absolutely biased because I grew up roaming this park.
One of the BEST parks in NY.  If you wan some unmanicured green space, this is the place to come.  Its almost 200 acres of practically untouched land.  It's easy to get "lost" in the woods while hiking through.  Come visit
Looks like a park way out in the sticks in some midwestern or southern state. This is MANHATTAN! Unreal.
i'd only recently started to actually like my neighborhood.maybe over the last 2 years or so,the park was always one of the reasons i didn't like it here.it used to be rather run down,the concrete benches by one of the main baseball fields were in horrible condition.but about 10 years ago the park underwent a massive transformation.all the run down crap was replaced,the playgrounds were redone...basically we got ourselves a new park.the only bad point to this park over the last few years was the murder of Sarah Fox,aside from that,i've fallen in love with this park,you can almost forget how bad it used to be,unless you've been here for most of your life,like me,and remember how horrible it was.
have been here many times when i used to live up in inwood. what appeals most to me about the place was the portion that lies along the breakwater, or the "beach" that separates manhattan from the bronx (actually, that view across from this park is technically still manhattan). it reminds me of wildlife somewhere. being at this park, i can't help but imagine how the "legendary" sale of "manhattan" island between the lenape indians (then) and the colonizing europeans ever happened, as reputably by most people, here in this park.
A great community park. Lots of baseball fields and a nice little path lined with benches along the river. It is quiet and less crowded than a lot of parks.
Echoing what others have said, this is the last untouched forest in Manhattan.  It is incredible to get lost here in the hilltop trails.  Once we found a very cool clearing atop it overlooking the Hudson (as mentioned on the Forgotten NY website), supposedly a Native American vantage point, but we haven't been able to locate it since.  That's thing thing about this park - compared to other Manhattan parks, Inwood Hill is wild & rambling.  It's easy to get lost & hard to get back to the same place twice, which makes it terribly fun to wander 'round.  A beautiful thing!  We tried to navigate around using a "trail map" from the nature center below but the map seriously looked like a detailed diagram of the human circulatory system, trails are all over the place - kudos to you if you can decipher that map!  So just come here & succumb to the nature.  Skorakopock Rock below has a plaque commemorating Peter Minuit supposed trade w/ Native Americans buying Manhattan, which is pretty cool.  How lucky we all are to have this unique last bit of forest in Manhattan!
best park in manhattan. hands down.
Breathtaking views of the Hudson; well-maintained park and they are making improvements; surprising wildlife; plenty of places to do your yoga or tai chi routines, or sit, sunbathe, jog, walk, meditate, frisby, etc. baseball diamonds, soccer fields, place to run your dogs, picnics. Only downside is the walk to this park. next to an off-ramp; isolated block leading to park.
Came here late night for a run. I regret it. Very dark and no one else was out. This is a great place to be during day time hours. There are bike trails, views of the Hudson and a great place to bring family or a date or go on a solo stroll. I like it.
Love Inwood Hill Park. Awesome hiking trails, strolls along the Hudson. You won't believe you're still in Manhattan.
Wonderful, lush green park with beautiful views of the Hudson.
When I was a little girl, my father went away for a time to work on the Alaska Pipeline. He came back months later with a straggley mustache and a wild look in his eye. I understand now, me being isolated from every living being up here in the Northern wilds of Inwood, mere steps away from the subway, but oh so far away, conceptually, from downtown. What do I do, sitting wild eyed and clean shaven in my humble abode, where the winter wind whistles through the gaps in the window frame and the pre-war drywall births a new crack every day, threatening to cave in on me and my overpriced prefab BedStuy warehouse furniture? I browse the internets, Gentle Reader, and write nonsense on Yelp...I overuse commas and write run on sentences, I read old tales of my environs*, of Tubby Hook, of Dyckman Pier, of Indians and Dutchmen, of ghosts and madmen.... Inwood Park. Fairly inocuous, you say? But here, covered by time and dirt, resides some interesting history. You have heard tale of the prehistoric forest and Indian caves, I will now lead you up the old Bolton Road, which in present day roughly coincides with one of the paths through the park. Several houses and large homes once existed at the edges of Bolton Road, now since grown over, one of the most notable being the House of Rest for Consumptives. This was a home for the dreaded TB, the white plague that slowly drained, it whitened formerly ruddy faces, and so threatened the hale and hearty that they exiled the afflicted to this shady spot. Many delicate handkerchiefs were bloodied here, my friends, so tip your hat as you pass the fragile birch trees that house the spirits of these dear departed gentlefolk. Slightly more northerly on Bolton Road stood the dark and imposing House of Mercy, fitted with barred windows. This rather forbidding exterior was even more forbidding inside, it was essentially a Victorian era dumping ground for unruly teens, philandering wives and other women who did not conform to the social norms of the time. Lock her up, Mr. Rochester, so you can have your little Jane Eyre! Mwahahaha! According to some old yellowed newspaper clippings, the conditions in this place were horrible, there was starvation both figurative and literal, the shaving of heads, and various punishments administered by sadistic nuns...ah I can still hear their screams now, carried by the western winds, and I hear in the distance the rattling of the bars, and their cries for revenge... Later, through some sort of cosmic karma, or deliberate act, the entire place burned to the ground and only the foundation remains. Who is to say that the tormented souls of the long dead do not return here on a crisp winter night and voice their disapproval, wraiths who fly at intruders and scratch and bite, banshees that wail their sorrow and send a chill to the heart of man...dare ye visit this place? The map shows an approximate area in extension of 207th street that I think can be still be seen as a small U shaped mark on google satellite maps of the area. As we flee in terror back down towards Dyckman, note the little row of houses across from the southeastern end of the park, one of which was the residence of Mrs. Houdini after the famed magician's death. The Houdini House looks not at all spooky or magical, but perhaps that is only illusion....behind the rather commonplace little door may lie a secret entrance to the underworld, or another dimension...something nasty and Lovecraftian, or gentle and kind witchery, depending on your taste and worldview. Or perhaps it is only a house after all, and the spirits prefer to fly through the sky above it. Look sharply now, for Mr. Houdini might fling a lock pick down on your head, or a tarot card, as he was a notorious showman in life and in the afterlife might be unable to resist putting a bit of a scare into a midnight passerby... Do not go here at night alone, as the park is rather shady (seriously), as evidenced by numerous empty drug bags. Other nasties of present day have also happened in other parts of the park, so be aware. I much prefer the distant tales of woe, as they are slight and harmless melodrama, and would welcome any pictures of the old houses' foundation, or precise locations if you can find them...someone with a compass and an eye for old maps should be able to pinpoint the site... * cudos to the webmaster at MyInwood.net, chock full of Inwood history
The only park in nyc with three bald eagles!!! Family friendly events and cool people to get to know!
This is a great park up at the tip of Manhattan. I love that it's hilly and more naturally landscaped than the other Manhattan parks. The park has genuine hills and trails in the woods which makes for a good "hike". Being in the woods can really make you forget that you're in Manhattan. I would not recommend it for running as i did the first time I visited simply because of the many hills (unless you're working for a hill workout). There are a few flatter areas of the park which would work for running but I think the beauty of this park is in the hills and woods. We brought my in laws here last Sunday and they were really impressed that there was such a place in Manhattan.
I love this park my dog got diarrhea here I don't want to blame the park but..
Sometimes I can't even believe this place is a part of Manhattan. It's such a diversion from the crowded streets & skyscrapers; it truly is an oasis that I doubt I ever would've discovered on my own. Tucked away in beautiful Inwood, this park has an amazing history as a home to some of the first inhabitants of Manhattan. The great part about this park is that it has two very distinct sides to it. On one hand, you have what appears to be a standard park with open lawns, baseball diamonds, basketball courts & playgrounds. But if you happen to climb those steps near 207, you'll find yourself smack dab in the middle of Manhattan's version of a national park, surrounded by nothing but  lush, dense, enormous trees. I absolutely love coming here when the weather is nice & I need a good walk to clear my head.
WOW!!! Bald eagles in Manhattan! Yes, you did read that correctly. I repeat: BALD EAGLES IN MANHATTAN! It is such an incredible sight to see. For this reason, I will always have a special appreciation for Inwood Hill Park. I was just jogging in the park along the river one afternoon when suddenly I heard a screech from up above. I looked up and I saw two adult bald eagles flying over the Hudson River very close to the riverbank before they disappeared again into the trees of the park. Though it all happened too fast for me to snap a picture, I was so excited by the eagles I immediately felt the urge to tell everyone I knew about them and proceeded to publish several boastful social media posts about the experience. I even called my mom to brag about my rare sighting. Turns out its not actually that rare though. Google later revealed to me that bald eagle sightings are not too uncommon in Inwood Hill Park. The park rangers even lead free bird watching programs for anyone interested in trying to get a glimpse. In addition to the eminence that bald eagles provide, Inwood Hill Park has many other unique qualities that you won't find in other NYC parks. In my opinion, it is the only place in Manhattan where you can almost completely forget you're in the most urbanized area of the country and just enjoy some true peace and solitude for an afternoon. The park has an authentic, un-landscaped feel complete with all-natural marshes, forests, and rock formations. It really gives you a sense for what Manhattan must have looked like before it was urbanized. There are several miles of paths and trails to explore, which the rangers manage to keep tidy without destroying the park's un-manicured charm. This, along with its large size, make it the perfect place to go on an adventure get a dose of nature without leaving the island. With this said, I would not recommend walking around this park alone at dusk or later. As others have mentioned, there are many secluded areas that I can imagine becoming havens for illegal activity at night.
This place is beautiful,you wouldnt even know your in the boggie down bronx. Mazes are about this leafy,grassy,flowery park. You would think your in some kind of forest,but your in the city. As you gaze up in the sky you will notice the very,very tall trees,and you can climb the top of the hill way above the hudson. Here you can view the palisades and the GWB. Fyi there also is a cafe and a coffee shop if you follow the path to indan road.
Since my first visit, I've been drawn here, and to this neighborhood, on the northernmost tip of Manhattan. This park has the distinction of being the only "natural" park (undesigned) in Manhattan.  Of all the spots in Manhattan, this area is the closest to what Manhattan looked like prior to Henry Hudson's arrival (OK, you have to imagine that the paved paths aren't there).  It has the only remaining salt marsh in Manhattan.   This is simply a beautiful park.  While it is not the largest park in NYC, there are plenty of winding paths to follow if you wish to walk or jog.  If you choose to walk up Inwood Hill, I'd recommend that you go in the winter.  There are some great views from the top of the hill, but in spring, summer and fall, these views are obstructed by the foliage. You could also walk along the river. The park is a great place to bring kids.  I would recommend bringing children to the Nature Center, which is geared towards them and is fun and educational.  The rangers that work there are friendly and informative.  There is also a recreation of a Lanape hut.  There are also playgrounds. The park can be crowded in the weekends, especially around the baseball diamonds, but it never seems to be as chaotic as other parks. The drawback, and potential draw, of this park is its location.  Being on the northernmost tip of the Manhattan, it often seems more isolated than the outer boroughs.  If you take the train on the weekends, the ride seems to take forever, even from Midtown.  If you drive, however, the parking situation, while not great, isn't that bad on the weekends. If you are done with the park, I'd suggest walking around the neighborhood.  Inwood is a unique area.  On Broadway, you could find the Dykeman Farmhouse, which is now a museum.  Some of the streets have lovely houses (not brownstones or townhouses, but actual houses) and make you feel like you've gotten lost and wandered into one of the outer boroughs.
After having a spot of brunch at a nearby cafe, The L. and I made a bee-line for Inwood Hill Park to enjoy the Fall day. Funny thing is while the leaves are colored and many are already down the trees at Inwood Hill Park are still lush and green. The residents of this charming community sure are lucky to have IHP as a resource. It offers lots of walking paths, a new children's playground, ball fields, water views, no bicyclists, Mallards (my 2nd favorite Duck) and Black Squirrels. It is dog friendly with a fenced in dog run but some not so friendly dog "owners" who leave their dog's poo in the grass... ;)))   I am glad to have had the chance to stroll through Inwood Hill Park. Now I know Manhattan does not end at 96th Street and become The Bronx, LOL. Some good park strolling tunes. Get your swagger on!: youtube.com/watch?v=0UgP… youtube.com/watch?v=PX-K… youtube.com/watch?v=PZxA… (RIP)
Inwood Hill Park is the only place in Manhattan where you might actually get lost in the woods and get poison ivy.  And in a city overcrowded with everyone from hustlers to tourists, nothing could sound sweeter.  The forest trails are almost completely devoid of people, and you can even find a couple of amazing rock outcroppings overlooking the Hudson that would be great for a picnick. The park encompasses a large wooded hilly area, a small park around a lagoon on the Harlem river, and a large park with feilds along the hudson river side.  The forrest here is terrifically overgrown with paved paths snaking throughout, some smooth, some less maintained.   I rode my bike here on a Sunday from Brooklyn and it was some of the most fun I've had in a long time.  Since all of the trails are paved, you can ride them all on a road bike - though I'm sure you're not supposed to - and there are some nice long downhills. And eventhough it was the weekend, I only saw 4 people total on the trails.  It was quiet, clean, green, and completely rejuvinating. The ball feilds to the west were jam packed with Mexican Americans playing and watching soccer, cooking, dancing, drinking beers, and just generally partying.  It was awesome, i bought a huarache from what could have been a family cookout and sat back and watched the soccer game.
Free, public tennis courts. Enough said! Well, not quite, but this is a nice little park, not terribly over crowded like Central Park can be, and there are so many public tennis courts and basketball courts, it's nice to see people out and about, playing and all that. I played tennis (I am obsessed with tennis, almost) for the first time in a year, and having tennis courts across your apartment is such a luxury (my friend lives right there).
This is my favorite park in NYC.  It's not as big as Central Park (but really, not much is) and not as manicured as Fort Tryon, but that's why I love it so much.   The park has two parts. The lower park with places for basketball, tennis, baseball, and other sports.  There's the inlet with beautiful views of the river and the Palisades, some lawns which make a great place for a picnic, and a track for exercising.  Everything a park needs.   The second part is Inwood Hill itself.  This is the last 'natural' forest in Manhattan.  Though it's smaller than a forest should be and has concrete paths, there is a movement afoot to return it to its wild nature.  That's why the streetlamps don't work and the benches have been left to the elements.  That's great, though, because it gives the place a wonderful aura.   Though not terribly big, you don't have to go too deep into the trees before you lose all sound of the outside world (evemn the cars on the highway).  Treat yourself by walking to the top to look out over the GW Bridge, river, and Palisades from an even better vantage point. The only caution I would give is to not visit the park too close to dark.  The streetlamps don't work and since it's semi-isolated, it's not exactly safe.  During the day I've never ever felt unsafe or had a problem.  I just wouldn't go running here at night.  (Fort Tryon is great for night walking).
The Only City park Where there is a Decent chance I'll become lost forever.
I feel like a lot of 'larger' parks (Central Park, Madison Sq. Park, Washington Sq. Park,  Riverside Park, etc.) in Manhattan have become tourist traps and overcrowded. Between lost tourists, food vendors and folks cycling/running/rollerblading you sort of lose that quiet serenity that I at least look for in a park. If I wanted hustle and bustle, I'd go to Times Sqaure, but being a born and bred New Yorker, when I go to a park I want to experience nature, have nice views and the only loud sounds I want to hear are children playing and birds chirping. Inwood Hill Park is my cure. First off, Inwood (to me) just doesn't 'feel' like Manhattan. Second, with Inwood being pretty chilled out and quiet, after doing some wandering around in this park, you don't even feel like your in NYC anymore (aside from the port-a-potty I used that smelled like a homeless dude has been living there for a few months). The last patch of natural-old growth forrest on the island, a salt water marsh, the site of the sale of island to the Dutch, glacial potholes - things you usually don't associate with the island of Manhattan. A fantastic spot I recently found when I was here for a recent festival was the set of benches overlooking the Spuyten Duyvil Creek and Henry Hudson bridge. Throw in a picture perfect 75 degree day, along with munching on lunch under the shade of a huge tree and it was my slice of heaven for a bit. Yes, it's a pain to get to. Yes, it's out of the way. No, there isn't a whole lot going on in Inwood. But if you're all about serenity, amazing views and some peace and quiet, Inwood Hill Park can really turn a Saturday or Sunday into a little one-day mini vacation, all while still staying on Manhattan!
I was pleasantly shocked when I first visited this park. I had no idea a place like this existed in New York, let alone Manhattan. I wouldn't call myself a nature person, but it's so refreshing to find such a natural space right off a subway stop.   Like others pointed out, it's easy to get lost in here. You will constantly hear squirrels and birds rummaging through the surrounding forest. I grew up in Colorado, and this place reminds me of hiking in the mountains. A must-see if you live in New York.
This is really a great park, and it's also pretty huge. I've not ventured much into the trails; I usually stick around the open areas. It can get packed, and VERY loud around the baseball fields. There's usually small teams of all ages playing there and the audience really gets into it. There's a small area called the "Island" or the "Peninsula" and you can barbecue there which is pretty cool. The Park Rangers there by the way are very friendly. The park can get crowded on the weekends but I've never had a hard time finding a spot to lay down and relax. One thing that I don't like is that they close most bathrooms by 4pm, even though the park remains open till' late so i guess they want you to get creative with your bathroom needs. By the way this park also had tennis courts that unfortunately are still under construction even though we're almost have way through the summer.
I have lived in 3 different cities in my lifetime ( Manhattan, Houston, and Miami) and no place has had a park that compares to Inwood. I love when I talk about going to the park in the city and everyone automatically assumes I mean Central Park. Not to hate on Central Park, but it's got nothing on the beauty and history of Inwood. Growing up a block or so away on Cooper St- the park was and still is the be place to be in the summer for picnics, activities, sports. The hills are gorgeous, but alas, not safe at night. Pair your trip with a stop at John's DooWop Deli for a sandwich and you're pretty much set for happiness in an afternoon. Im still a big kid at heart and love that this park still has swings I can happily swing as when I take want to take my nephews to the playground. There's so much new that has sprung up around Inwood, but the park is a piece of  the city that is still Old New York, and takes me back to a time when you knew your neighbors, and the park was the place to build those lasting bonds and friendships.
Spectacular! If someone were to see photos of this park, I think its pretty safe to say that their LAST guess as to the location would be "Manhattan". Inwood Hill Park is the only natural part of the island left. Before being developed, New York City was full of rolling hills and swamps. Most of that has been done away with to construct skyscrapers or pristine landscapes of central park, but Inwood hill provides us with a little lasting peak into what used to be. Absolutely gorgeous escape into nature, still accessible by the subway.
IHP gets 5 stars, but this is conditional on timing and exact location.  You have to know what you want out of the park and be in the right place at the right time to get it.  If you do so, you will be richly rewarded. The park is vast and requires a little knowledge in order to get the most out of it.  If you are looking for nature, you will want to stick to the trails in the hills and avoid the massive and endless birthday parties / family cookouts on the north peninsula.  Ballplayers crowd the fields west of the highway or along Seaman Ave at 207th, while bikers and joggers skirt the outer trails circumventing the fringes of the park.  Kids can take part in fantastic programs from Rangers at the Parks Center, and those looking to just sit or stroll have ample waterfront paths at the northern end.   The park has been better maintained in recent years though the sheer volume of users can be hard on it at times, and to be frank some of the park users are not terribly well-mannered when it comes to litter or noise.  Go at a peaceful time for maximum enjoyment of this huge resource. All in all a true flagship park
This park is so beautiful. A great place to unwind, jog, play and...uh, other stuff :) It's home to a good patch of natural forest and lots of historical native American stuff. This is the park where Peter Minuit bought Manhattan for 14 bucks (there's even a rock commemorating it).
For my 100th review I want to share with you why Inwood Hill Park is one of the best and prettiest parks in New York! - 5 stars alone because it has the only natural, wild woods in all of Manhattan (which are great to hike in). - Aforementioned woods has caves (!) - Lots of wildlife, including woodpeckers, herons, snakes, etc. - Fantastic for picnicking, on the northeastern portion. Grassy knolls overlook the body of water where the Columbia crew team trains and you can see into Marble Hill/Riverdale. - The knolls are great for sledding on too! - Very family friendly - lots of baseball fields, makeshift soccer fields, handball courts (on the southern end), etc. - In the summer they have free Shakespeare in the park (no theater, just on the grass). - Great for jogging (on the perimeter). - You can grab a snack at Indian Road Cafe when you're done frolicking! What are you waiting for? Check it out if you're in the area!
