I love ILKB! Kara, Chuck, Marv and Ron make every member feel welcomed and like part of their ILKB family. I get excited going to class and love the kickbutt workout! The facility is easy to get to and always inviting!
Ilovekickboxing.com Eastchester at Westchester Martial Arts Academy is awesome! Been going there for almost 4 years and it's still a great workout every time!
This is a wonderful place to learn and enjoy kickboxing! Every instructor is there for you. Classes are one hour and they have a fine schedule. They have weekend classes as well. In the morning on Saturday and Sunday. Kara, Marv James, Chuck, Joey, Ronnie, and Danielle are wonderful people. They really help you feel comfortable. It used to be difficult for me to work out in front of lot's of people but I don't feel self-conscious anymore. Since I started classes 9 months ago at I love kickboxing Eastchester, I have lost weight and I have got more energy throughout the day. I feel stronger physically and emotionally since joining this kickboxing team. It's worth your time and money. I love kickboxing is located in a safe area with lots of space to park your car. Once you try a class here you will be hooked and you will gain that eye of the tiger strength!!
Life's about kicking a$$ not kissing it and there's no better place than ILKB of Eastchester! The staff is superb, they're very tough but they're friendly and most importantly they truly care about helping everyone reach their individual goals. You'll get your booty kicked, you'll sweat like crazy but you will leave with a smile on your face guaranteed, I definitely do!
I love kickboxing Eastchester is a great place to workout! The instructors are great! I have an injury that prevents me from doing some of the exercises but they are great about making any modifications to ensure that you still get the most out of your workout! I am so glad that I joined and the best part is that I get to workout with my friends! If you haven't tried it already what are you waiting for?!?!?
What an awesome workout! I am so happy I joined. I've never worked so hard and I always leave happy that I showed up!
I have been attending kickboxing classes here for about 7 months and go at least 2-3 times a week. I love everything about it. The instructors are great, they are easy to talk to if you have any questions and they are very knowledgeable and dedicated! They are active with keeping you motivated and make the classes fun and enjoyable as well as efficient. I have definitely reached some of my goals and continue to work towards new ones. Also the people who attend the classes are all extremely nice and welcoming. I would definitely recommend Ilovekickboxing-Eastchester.
I love love love "I Love Kickboxing" in Eastchester!!! The instructors are GREAT at what they do! They are my constant motivation and are very personable. I burn at least 600 calories a class or more and feel great after every workout. I started classes this past July and haven't stopped going. Every week I measure myself and I'm consistently loosing inches and gaining muscle! I'd highly recommend coming out and trying out classes here.  After one class you'll be hooked!!I
