Spectacular & "Zenful" Untermyer Park is my home away from home.  I go here at least once a week and during ALL the Seasons! It is open all year.  It is rich with history & splendor. I love to see the gardens transform according to the Season.  I enjoy hiking and doing yoga & tai chi on the grounds of Untermyer.  It is kept clean & it is very safe.  (You will come across some broken glass over by the Temple of Love, but other then that, the grounds are Extremely Well Kept!!)  Their genius & very friendly Senior Gardner, Timothy, is always tending to something on the grounds. They have FREE concerts on Saturday evenings util September 6th.   Summer Solstice Celebration as well as many events, (Fashion Shows, Lectures, etc .. check their calendar for more details) I've come across beautiful wildlife grazing, as well as birds & butterflies.   Who would think this Magical place is in Yonkers, NY?!  You will  think you are in Lord of the Rings when you are at the Temple of Love, or down by the Vista or in the Great Gatsby when you are in the Walled Gardens! Those who really appreciate the grandeur will be transported to another place and time ... You will meet people from all over the tri state as well as tourists from other countries stopping by on their vacations to check out this amazing place.  I've seen wedding photos done here & even Cosplay events going on. NOTE:  It is NOT a place for loud radios/music.   There are NO sand boxes or swings here.  This is a place of  Culture.  A place to enjoy the sounds of nature.   Do not come here thinking it is a playground for the kids.   Hopefully, one day, someone will make a video of Untermyer with the music of  Vivaldi's Four Seasons!   Gina S.  - Yonkers, NY USA
My favorite place in yonkers! It's just so beautiful and they've been doing a great job with restoration.
Quite the hidden gem, just outside the city, almost like the unknown east coast grounds of Hearst Castle or the Getty Museum. (Perhaps handicapped by the fact that "Untermyer" has none of the cachet of "Getty," "Hearst," or "Rockefeller?")   Practically had the place to ourselves on a beautiful Saturday morning.   "It's a shame kids come here to drink beer and smoke dope at night" one other visitor commented to me at the overlook. Say what you may about the activities, but their choice of locations couldn't be better - just leave the graffiti elsewhere, please.
Beautiful!  Found this place looking for things to do with family in Yonkers and decided to venture out one sunny Sunday afternoon, and boy were we happy we did!  It was amazing!  A gorgeous place to explore and nab a few great amateur photographer family photos.  The views are stunning!  Only complaint is dumb humans...it seems they've taken to coming here at night and getting drunk off of cases of glass beer and then they think it's amusing to smash the beer bottles all over the gazebo!  There was glass everywhere (beware if you're wearing open toed sandals or have the kiddies with you).  Petty humans have to go and mess up such natural beauty like always!  Besides that we had an awesome little get away at these gardens!  Can't wait to go back with friends and have a nice little picnic on the quiet, clean grass area!
A lovely experience. The gardens are beautiful and well kept. There are a bunch of scenic overlooks and even hiking trails. You can easily spend a few hours there. The main area (walled garden) is what you see in most of the photos that people post, from there the garden branches off into some overlooks, including that of the Hudson river. There are two small parking lots that hold a total of about 25 cars or so, but I noticed coming in that there is a lot of street parking. I went there on a Sunday afternoon (1pm) and was able to get a spot inside the private lot. One of the best things about this place is that its free!! The closest thing I can compare this place to is Wave Hill, which is in the Riverdale area I believe and also overlooks the Hudson, but there is a small fee of about $8ish, if I remember correctly. I saw that there was a tour guide that was explaining to a group about the history behind this place. I recommend this place to anyone, you'll have a great time!!
Untermyer Park gives you the creeps. I forgot what I was searching on Yelp, I think it was "fun things to do," and somehow this park managed to show up in my results. I read the reviews and thought "Oh, this sounds nice," but then it turned out to be the park where Son of Sam once performed his satanic rituals. Of course I had to go! I arrived here with my partner-in-crime via bus. The 2 takes you from the hustle and bustle of Getty Square to the solitude of Tudor Woods. The bus ride is chilling as the city changes into the quiet suburb you expect from Westchester...then it becomes still and placid. You walk about one block, and the entrance to the park is right on Broadway. There was absolutely no one there when we arrived. So we meandered into the walled Persian gardens... alone. I felt like we were in a post-apocalyptic universe. Then, our curiosity got the better of us and we wandered through the woods to the gazebo overlooking the Hudson, and eventually down a trail that put us in the deepest portion of the woods... where we saw something lurking in the distance. I was absolutely terrified. It was a deer.
Oh, COME ON, what kid who was too young to really be afraid of the Son of Sam WOULDN'T want to hang out in this park late at night? This is an urban exploration wet dream, people. The area in which Berkowitz hung with his Satanic pallies is intact, graffiti and all. I mean, too bad I didn't don a robe and bring candles, blood (fake, I could never kill a cute animal!)  and some charcoal so I could fit in. I can paint a mean pentagram! Treacherous hiking paths. Not cool to be wearing platform boots and a pencil skirt (unless you were the rapist with whom I had a missed connection that night). The robe would have worked better. I slid a lot. I was a total pussy and my friends had to pull me up hills and fences. Thank god I was drunk. We saw a family of innocent deer on the way out of the park. This was obviously a propitious sign. No annoying ghosts hitchhiking their way home with us on our doom buggy! Yay, deer! Then my friend stole a garden gnome from one of the nearby houses. Kind of a stupid move, but so be it. Really, should these homeowners be complaining?They ought to be thanking their lucky stars they didn't live there back when they could look out their back window and realize their dog was missing at the same time they saw the glow of a bonfire in the distance and heard ominous humming and shit. The new part of the park is cool too. Note to self: return in the summer after hours so you can go skinny dipping in the fountains and pools. Much more satisfying than slumming with rapists and satanists. GAWD.
I was able to visit Untermyer Park for a wedding photo shoot. When we got to the grounds, I saw a  fort-like wall. Not knowing what to expect, I walked in and it was gorgeous! The garden looked like it was straight out of a story book. The grounds are very well kept. The detailing was perfect for photos. There was were mosaics, fountains, statues of sphinxes, colums, gazeboz and best of off a magnificant view of the Hudson River against the Palisades.  Some days, I hear that you can walk down to see a better view of the Hudson River and looking back up to the park you could see a waterfall.
Hands down one of the most beautiful, magical places I know.  I recently moved to NY and purchased a condo down the street.  I stumbled upon this garden in June and was floored.  Absolutely phenomenal garden, beautiful water views, rich history, eclectic architecture.  This place has it all.  More people need to know about this!!
Great hidden gem of a garden! There is a formal garden with long reflecting pool surrounded by flowers and a gazebo on the other side. Both sides have view of the river. The other side of the river is a very long patch of greenery, which will be great for fall foliage. The garden also has cherry so I'll be back here in the spring to see the blooms. It is worth the trip & highly recommended. I parked on the street.
If you want to find peace and experience a bit of heaven in a quiet setting, I suggest you come or visit this park. As soon as I walked through the gate into the park/garden, I was awed by the beautiful and serene surroundings. From the Romanesque/Greek architecture surrounded by lush greenery and view toward the Hudson River and the Palisades, you can't ask for a better view and setting. It can be very romantic if you come with your significant other, watching the sun go down on the Hudson and love that it's not that crowded either. Also a great place to get your wedding pictures taken!! The park/garden definitely will remind you or give a clue of what heaven will look like. Will definitely be back!!! Only downside is that it's nearly impossible to get there without a car.
Untermyer Park is amazing. Part of one of the first Hudson river estates, the garden area park is all that remains (the mansion was replaced by a huge hospital next door). Just run down enough to be mysterious but not so much that it is unsafe to visit. Kind of like visiting a roman ruin except that it is in Yonkers. 3 main parts: 1. the enclosed gardens, at least an acre or two, surrounded by 10 foot babylon style walls, an interior filled with fountains, willow trees, a huge roman gazebo like structure, some odd sphinxes and whatnot (make sure to look down into the huge pool next to the gazebo thing, it has a cool mosaic of sea creatures), 2. The 100 steps, 100 or so steps leading down to a man made cliff with great views of the hudson (farther down a tricky path is the supposed devils cave, basically a couple of very dark creepy rooms built into the hill, part of an old carriage house, where local resident Son of Sam supposedly hung out), and 3. The Eagles Nest, easy to miss towards the left when you first enter the park, is a huge man made rock outcropping (essentially giant boulders cemented together) with an iron gazebo on top, walk around front and you can see where two man made waterfalls once flowed (Warning: Eagles nest is occasionally occupied by skeezy people, little empty coke bags strewn about is evidence of it, though I have never actually seen anyone there the many years I have been visiting, I think the wierdos come out at night since there is a busy old folks community center right in the park with security, but if you see any odd folks at the nest, I would avoid it). Great to visit year round, but late spring and summer when the enclosed gardens are in bloom is pretty sweet. Pretty safe park, in the nice part of Yonkers, but best explored with friends during the day just to be safe since parts of it are rather secluded. Also, not to freak anyone out, but don't wear sandals, lots of broken glass everywhere and other such sharp things. Right off of route 9 Broadway in Yonkers (easy to miss the small sign). Can be reached from the city via Metro North to Yonkers to the 6 bus or the 1 subway to the 2 bus. To make a day of it, check out the nearby Hudson River Museum and take a walk on the Old Croton Aqueduct.
I spent some time here in the mid/late 80s and it was spooky and semi-abandoned. I came back in the 00s and it was somewhat rehabilitated, but still sort of melancholy and creepy. It makes an awesome place for a morose teen to brood. It's beautiful in that neglected kind of way.
When are the gates to the garden open? I've been to the park a few times and have NEVER seen the gates to the garden open. Yonkers charges wedding parites to take pictures in the garden (which I don't blame them for), and that may be why the gates to the garden are never opened.
