We had a great time today. Bowser and Yoshi, our tour guides, did a great job and kept the whole group laughing the entire trip. Thanks, Mario and Luigi
Awesome  day of adventure    All our guides rocked   !!  The views were beautiful peak leaf time . All SAFETY MINDED great for anyone
I went as a mother son time and what a great time we had. everyone was so careful and caution.  The girls made us incredibly comfortable which made it easy to zipline. I thought I would be scared but thanks to them I wasn't. I plan to return with the family for Halloween for my sons birthday. The view was incredible how can I not return.
What can I say...I love ziplining and to have one literally 2 minutes from my (parent's) house? Me likey! As much as I enjoy the adventure, I really can't spend $99 per person to partake in the Zipline which is why it took me a while to actually do it. I happened to see a Living Social for Big Bear, $99 for two, totally jumped on that deal! My first time Ziplining was last year when I went to St. Maarten on a cruise. It was literally 12,000 feet of ziping across wooded ravines and over intense obstacles with almost no instruction. The guide took off first, and we were left to figure it out ourselves...this is nothing like that (good for you beginners). Anyway, back to Big Bear. Arrival and check-in went very smooth, the group of 10 moved to the garage next to the main office and began to get fit with our harness. Bill and Diter were our guides and both were awesome. Our group ranged from newbie high school students, to middle aged couples to a doctor...by the end we were all very close with each other. haha. We took a van to the starting (and ending) point and were given more instruction and got onto the first platform. The difference between this zipline and the one I had previously done, is that we were not allowed to do anything ourselves. Clearly, laws are much tighter in the states than the Caribbean. That was kind of a letdown, but at the same time it was good because it required no thought on our part. We zipped to the first platform and then had a nice little walk up the hill to the next. Each zip got progressively longer and faster, it's definitely good for beginners. The few obstacles were a Tarzan swing which was more difficult than the actual zip! haha Overall, I thought Big Bear has a lot going for it and especially the location of it. It's close to many people and there aren't many around. There are some ziplines that are just one zip and that's it. This consisted of 12 ziplines I believe. I would recommend going when they are offering a deal. $99 is a little steep but clearly that's because of all the safety concerns. I had a great time and would recommend it!
What an adventure.  If you're with a good group it helps add to the fun.  We had coach and tuna as our guides and they were really helpful.  Even as someone who's afraid of heights I was able to get through the whole course and never had an issue, coach and tuna were great helping us feel comfortable and safe. There's some walking and ladder climbing to do but its manageable.  The whole course with 5 people took us about 2 hours to zip through.  If you have a bday or special event this would be a great way to spend your day or as a gift also.   We were actually visiting NYC and we took the metro north green line train all the way to end in Poughkeepsie and we called and Ralph came with the complimentary shuttle to get us to the office.  You go through gear up then orientation and you're ready to head over to the course and start zipping.  The first line is called little bear and its a great way to get your feet wet. Bring your smart phone because they have a social media challenge that you can do whole on the course and it gets you a discount in the store for some of their swag like t-shirts and sweat shirt
This was great fun! They had 8 diffrent ziplines arranged in a course where you go from tree to tree. The staff was great, and took care of everything. They really made sure everyone had a great time. Great fun, I would highly recommend this.
I am still on a high from today's ziplining at Big Bear Zip Line!   My husband and I purchased the tickets back in June. Of course I didn't take into regard my fear of heights.  Figured I'll deal with it when the time came.  Well on the 2 1/2 hr drive up, I was getting nervous.  Staff was very nice upon arrival. After signing in and being weighed for safety measure, we had our gears fitted and listened to a short briefing.  Uma (Tuna) and Myke (Skittles) our guides drove us about a mile up to the actual zip lines.  After the first zip, I was trying to find a way to back out.  However both Una and Myke knew of my fear and took their time and reassured me the entire way.  By the 5th zip, I was having a blast!   I highly recommend this place to all even if you have a fear of heights like myself.  They saved the best zip for the end, the longest.  If you can somehow carry your cellphone or camera in a pocket, I suggest you do bc you'll want to take pics and video to enjoy and show your friends the awesome time you'll have!   This place ROCKS!!!  And also both Uma and Myke~. You'll want them for your guides!!!
Tons of fun!  I made the trek out here with my wife al the way from Norwalk, CT -- totally worth it!  Ziplining is a must do for any thrillseeker.  In addition to ziplining, you do have climb up fire ladders and take a "tarzan vine" back to the ground.  It was intimidating, but with the support of the tour leaders and the rest of the group its easier than you'd think.  Our tour guides, Nick and Una, were funny, supportive, knowledgeable, and obviously enjoy what they do.  When you're done zipping, check out the ice cream place right in front of their location.
Got over my fear of heights here, and gained the insatiable thirst for thrill. Beautiful, bucolic scenery, lots of laughs. I recommend to go with a group. You may be a little sore at the end of the day from all the climbing and harness straps, but it's worth it. It's about an hour and a half/ 2 hour drive from NYC and will be a whole day of fun. Hyde Park has a lot of other great things to offer so if you need other things to do check out the Roosevelt House too!
So cool.. the friendlest place.. cool staff and tour guides..  ask for Ralph and Andy...  Be sure not to go with a big group.. we had 4 people on our tour and we zipped through the tour..
First time ziplining for me and my fiance. It was awesome!! I thought the price was a little steep, but it was well worth it. We felt safe and were well instructed the whole time.  Definitely go back again!
Honestly can not say enough good things about this experience! The staff definitely made the 1.5 hour drive worth it, my boyfriend is very cautious so I was nervous bringing him into a potentially "dangerous" situation. We were put at ease immediately Ralph, Becky,and Wes took the time to explain everything and made everyone feel comfortable. They were all really friendly and excited to show us a good time. The thought of three hours in the woods was a little much for us, being from the city, but we were all too sad to reach the 8th and final zip line. We are now just looking for an excuse to go back!
