I love this park because its close and theres lots to do here. I usually go to the track and run while my sister and nephew go to the playground. Theres also a softball field, tennis courts, dog run, nature trails, golf course, orchard beach, and plenty of greens to just lay on the grass to relax. Theres a little wildlife like geese, and rabbits but those geese leave poop everywhere. The last stop on the 6 train goes to the park, and some buses go there too. Its a family oriented park and not touristy like central park and perfect for anyones park needs.
Pro: You are literally my backyard Con: In the warmer months, my backyard is always being invaded by people barbecuing at the pits until midnight (Get off my lawn, you crazy kids :::shakes fist:::) Pro: There's tons of wildlife; geese, the occasional deer, hares, etc... Con: I often have to bike or walk through said wild-life's poo. Pro: You are filled with playgrounds that have sprinklers! Con: I look like an overgrown idiot running through your playgrounds with sprinklers, or trying to cram my ass into a swing made for a toddler. Pro: Your waters are deep enough for speed-boat rides, yet calm enough for fishing. Con: This water is prolly just as polluted as the Gowanus Canal...and I ain't eating no Simpsons-esque mutated 3-eyed fish!
All parks thrive by striking a balance between preserving nature and  landscaping nature to better serve the community. Some parks are major tourist attractions that are regularly written up in guidebooks and are known throughout the world. (I'm looking at you, Central). Others are less famous but still serve local communities with open green space. Pelham Bay Park falls in the latter category where it is joined by Forest Park in Queens. You can take the 6 all the way to the end and just arrive at the cusp of this massive park, the largest in NYC. You'll need to hop on a bus to continue the journey throughout the breadth and width of this 2,700 acre space. And there may well be hundreds of acres of woods here too, with nature trails, a beach (Orchard Beach), horseback riding, kayaking, marshlands, a historical home, a golf course, basketball, tennis, a nature center and more. Driving from Queens on a Sunday morning was a quick 25 minute commute compared to the mass transit way of getting there from Queens. I suspect mass transit from all points except in the Bronx will take some time. The history buff in me is intrigued to know that Anne Hutchinson (who lent her name to the river  parkway) had founded one of her dissident colonies in the park back in the day of the 1640's.  (Idea for Occupy Wall Street perhaps?) 130 years later this land was the border between loyalist NYC and rebel controlled Westchester County during the American Revolution. And that master builder and power broker whose handprint is on all parts of this city, one Robert Moses, designed Orchard Beach, a man made crescent of sand in the park that was meant to be the riviera of the long island sound. You can now sunbathe on landfill thanks to Mr. Moses. (Technically the sand is from Sandy Hook, NJ and the Rockaways. It's the lower levels that are landfill). The sheer size of this park makes it a bit intimidating. Segments are separated by water! It's well worth a visit, however. Unlike the more easily accessible parks, Pelham Bay will be a trek from the non-Bronx boros. You will certainly experience the wonders of nature, a throwback to the primordial forests that once made up the whole of Gotham.
An awesome place to spend a spring or summer day, very beautiful and relaxing. You can do pretty much anything here, hiking, bike riding, or just laying around on the grass and reading a book. Aside from that, there are all sorts of places in the vicinity to explore like the Pell mansion and Hunter's Island, etc. If you have access to a boat, David's island, slightly to the north east is an amazing place. It's a former Army base and Civil War prison. I think it's forbidden to land there, but from the water you should be able to see all sorts of ruins, if the city hasn't ripped it to shreds yet. Cool stuff. I should probably note that there is a minor "hood" element at times, so just be smart about what you do and where you are. Regardless, NYPD and Parks Dept. makes their presence known and there are usually tons of people out in the nicer weather, so it's pretty safe.
I've never actually stopped in here, but driven through it many times either going to or coming from work, in order to bypass traffic on the Hutch or I-95. it seems there's horse riding, picnic areas, parks, and more. even on the areas closer to the main roads you'll see deer and many types of birds just hanging out. one day I'll stop and actually check it out more...when I'm not trying to run down obstinate bikers.
I grew up by the park in the 40's and 50's. I recall pheasants and rabbits in the park and a real safe place. What moron in the city thought this would be a great place to put in a land fill should be strung up. I know everything changes but a land fill in such a pristine area? Don't go in the summer that's when the hordes of people invade the park from other parts of the city.
Pelham Bay Park...Wow.  Memories. I used to bike/blade/skateboard there and hang out with friends.  One of our favorite spots at Pelham Bay was way past the softball fields, through the high grass, and onto the secluded "beach" (if you want to call it that).  Yup, the one with the gigantic rock wall.   I took my dogs to the dog run that was built there (when it was rather new).  Pretty cool addition to the park.   Other than that, I used to go to PBP on grammar school and middle school trips (field days).  I used to practice (football) there with my friends, as well, once in a while.   I pass by PBP once in a while when I'm driving by on I-95.  I still see the birthday parties being held there.  Thank God my parents never held mine there! haha  The park looks better than it used to about 10-15 years ago.  It looked rather run-down when I used to frequent. Overall, it's a fantastic park to hang out at.  Running on the track, practicing sports (tennis courts, too), or just relaxing on the greens.
3.5 stars... Pelham Bay Park is a great example where bigger isn't necessarily better. The park boasts the title of being NYC's largest park, although it's far from the best. Everything in the park that's man made is either abandoned or in complete disrepair and it isn't the cleanest or well maintained park I've ever been to either. The park is sort of split into three sections. The lower section of the park is often packed with families (mostly latin) having picnics and parties (the park has picnic tables and allows grilling in this area). This section also has the very nice Bronx Victory Column topped with a golden figure of Victory. The upper section is dominated by two golf courses but also has the historic Bartlow Pell Mansion. The other section has Orchard beach, a decent sized beach on the Long Island Sound. This section also has a number of paths and trails. This is where the park stands out. This is the closest place to hike through the woods with no sounds of cars or people. Harriman State Park is much better for hiking but that's 35-40miles north and obviously doesn't have a subway stop right by it. The bike paths here are decent but somewhat limiting. Overall it's an ok park but if you have a car, there are better places to go and if you're taking public transportation, there are only a select few things worth coming here for.
I love this park because it's in my neighborhood and walking distance to enjoy the track, open green spaces, bike paths, and just get away from the congestion of The Bronx.  My dog loves coming to this park, and the dog  run is always full of dogs. It's almost too big, and is so spread out that it is really like 3 huge parks.  The softball fields and tennis courts are great, and are conveniently located close to the subway/neighborhood. I wish the Parks Department would put a little more money into the park, tho, because during the summer months, a lot of people who do not have so much respect for the park use it as their backyards and treat it as the visitors they are. Pelham Bay Park is very safe, very family oriented, and is a good place to see how diverse NYC is, and see everyone do their own thing.
My favorite local park and it right near me whats not to love. Also via Yelp and Jack A.'s review i just learned that Pelham Bay Park is the largest park in NYC. (Now that is bad ass) You can either drive there or enjoy a nice run or bike ride from Orchard Beach to Pelham Bay Park and that will provide you with a nice work out. It's a beautifully well maintained park that has everything you would want on a nice day out with a significant other or just to clear your head. Picnic and BBQ areas, grass fields, jogging track, football and soccer field although there is a battle for space and the football players of course love to bully the soccer players away and say they have a permit to use the field. You prob have a permit to suck entirely as well, because it's normally semi pro teams or terrible high school football teams that don't have there own facilities using this field. Ideally the best time is go to come in the spring or summer and just enjoy the day.
A little known fact that I bet most people don't know: Pelham Bay Park in the Bronx is the largest park in New York City. Over 2700 acres, Pelham Bay Park has tennis courts, a jogging track, ball field, a playground and a little dog park/run.  There are scads of picnic/ Barbecue areas, and there are neatly kept swaths of grassy fields and manicured walk paths, not to mention benches all along the way if you just want to sit and contemplate your surroundings. Perfect to enjoy on a summer or spring day, the Park is always brimming with skateboarders, bike riders, rollerbladers and joggers.  And on an autumn day, you can enjoy all the trees change colors.
I LOVE, LOVE this park. I know some people might think I am overrating it and maybe I am, who knows. What I care about though, is that I have some very awesome and fond memories in and of this park, and for good reason. First off, this is NYC's largest park and is 3 times the size of Central Park. The nature in this park is fabulous and the recreational activities you can partake in are plentiful. There's several baseball fields, a big astro turf and track for jogging, soccer, football and much more. My friends and I would go there at night and wrestle and practice martial arts at midnight are later which was awesome. There's  two parks for kids with sprinklers, and plenty of trails to hike. Especially if you have a bike, its awesome to take the trail to Orchard Beach but especially during the night when there's no one there and you can enjoy the scenic view of City Island. There's also the statue that is commemorative of the Jewish soldiers who died in World War 1. I usually frequent that and lay down on the grass (if there's no geese droppings around) to get a piece of mind. The wildlife is also astounding in this park! You'll see plenty of raccoons, possums, skunks,  and an abundance of bird species. I've spotted more than a few hawks and other birds I rarely see in other parts of the city besides pigeons. This is simply one of the best parks in NYC and kind of a hidden gem in my opinion. Its definitely over shadowed by Central Park and Flushing Meadows but thats definitely fine with me. I wouldn't want it any other way.
One of the best places ever. To me, anyway. There isn't anything like getting off the bus or train, crossing the overpass, and just wandering around aimlessly. It's fun to go hunting for a quiet nook where you can just sit and meditate. If you're feeling more active, it's fun to go hiking, or exploring some of the woods, or the playgrounds. It's the perfect ratio of nature to civilization.
A superb bike ride from the Bronx to Orchard Beach before Memorial Day.  I can imagine this is the unofficial second Bronx zoo with how many people must frequent this place.  We rode to the northern tip of the bay and tried to orient ourselves. Luckily, there was a tour guide who had just arrived from Van Cortlandt Park leading a group around.  He told us about how Robert Moses did a lot for this 2,700 acre park.  The guide pointed us to the Throngs Neck and Whitestone Bridges and gave us a history of the neighboring islands.  One with a building that seemed to take over the island was apparently owned by CBS back in the day for broadcasting.  We also found out that the beach is man-made, imported sand hailing from New Jersey.   They took a cue from California's boardwalks and have a ton of courts for any type of game you would want.  If you are in need of quiet, the park also offers spots to catch wildlife.  Obviously the animals, like me, forgot they were in the 5 boroughs.
I'm from Pelham Bay and grew up going to this park.  I love this park, from the baseball fields to flying a kite, smoking and having the mexicans playing soccer yell at us to get out of the way.  All in all in all a really nice park. Except in the summer on Sunday this place gets invaded by the mongol hordes, jesus christ it's gotten ridiculous the past 10 years.  I always thought the picnic was wherever the car broke down but apparently it always makes it to bruckner boulevard & pelham bay station. Whatever, as long as everyone's having fun!
This park makes you feel as if you have left the hustle/bustle of the city. It's very quite scenic and there are a ton of places to picnic, grill, lounge, play, or just cuddle with that special someone. There are tennis courts, trails, ect. I really enjoyed this park (enough to stay there for 8 hrs...)
Recently I was in the park with my girlfriend and we decided to stop and rest for a while. 10 minutes later, a man aged 50-65 years passed by us. 5 minutes later I heard a whisper that repeatedly. I turned around and found the same man who had been watching us and hid behind a tree. Even after we noticed he kept watching us. Be very careful - it is not a safe place and you do not know who he is.
one of my favorite parks in new york.  so many species of trees.  lots of wildlife and especially bird watching if you are into that kinda stuff.  orchard beach is also great this time of year, absolutely no one there.  you just enjoy the calm waters and walk along the jagged coast just off the beach. when i'm flying into laguardia from the long island sound approach i always love to get a view of this park, orchard beach, and city island.  its hard to imagine this huge mass of greenery is still part of new york city.
Lots of people do loud barbecues here so the quiet quotient is pretty low.   There is a landfill not far down orchard beach road.   It doesnt give off any fumes like the infamous Fresh Kills in Staten Island, but I'd wonder about it if I had kids and they were crawling around on the grass.   But it is nice to walk through the park to City Island for foodz or to walk back to work off all that seafood.
Pelham Bay Park is New York City's largest park.   It's 2,700 acres big with 2 18-hole golf courses (Pelham and Split Rock - Split Rock being the nicer of the two and the one you can't see from Shore Road), a beach (Orchard Beach which is amazing in the off season and not so great when it's invaded by nacos blasting salsa music), a forest, hiking areas, baseball fields, a football field, tennis courts, basketball courts, playgrounds, a swamp and streams for crew and kayaking, and on top of all that it's policed by cops on horses!  How great is that?  It's just a simple ride on the 6 to the last stop.  That'll take you to the playground/picnic/bbq area which is overpopulated in the summer months but peaceful and beautiful the rest of the year.  If you walk along Orchard Beach Rd. or just follow the road that goes to City Island/Orchard Beach, you will pass the forest (a garbage dump too!), and pass a mini-golf course with batting cages and a driving range! Sadly, the people who run the "Turtle Cove" driving range have seriously let it go.  It used to be really nice but now it's run down and not very nice looking but it serves it's purpose. You can't compare Pelham Bay Park to any other park in New York City.  It's by far the most natural and much bigger than Central Park - more than twice the size.  It's not as sculpted and beautiful in the artful way that CP is, but it's nicer in terms of natural beauty...but then again, I'm comparing and there really is no way to compare these parks.  It also borders on one of the best neighborhoods in the Bronx - Country Club. Country Club is a residential area with many houses.  There are nearly no businesses and no subway stops there so that keeps the area clean and quiet - just the way the residents like it. I don't know why more Manhattan visitors and residents don't come and see this park for themselves.  It's a great FREE way to spend a day in nature.  I recommend bringing your bike and taking the trail from Pelham Bay Station to city Island and/or Orchard Beach.
I love Pelham Bay Park.  It's the largest park in the city (Yes, there are parks bigger than Central Park..) and it's one of the few places in the Northeast Bronx that's pretty to look at.  There's a track, tennis courts, softball fields, a playground, Orchard Beach, and not to far away, there are stables and a driving range/miniature golf place.  On Saturdays in the summer, it's really crowded and there are people barbecuing everywhere.  As far as Orchard Beach goes, I would walk around there, but I wouldn't want to swim there.
Read my Ochard Beach review. Says it all! Orchard beach is in the Pelham Bay Park...yes one of the best parks in NYC. I bike it to the park and run here 3-4x / week, sometimes taking a dip and swimming a few laps before calling it a day. It's very appropriate if you are looking for a long distance run. Even more so for the triathletes. Guaranteed fun!
The largest park in New York City (yes, it's larger than Central Park), this city park transports the wilderness to the northeastern fringes of the city. A short distance from Co-op City and Pelham Bay Train Station (6 line), the park offers a place for people to unwind and relax due to the presence of lawns, natural forests, and neighboring Orchard Beach. Popular during the hottest months of the year, you'll find families doing cookouts, bathers at Orchard Beach, and hikers exploring the natural forest that has existed here for eons. The presence of softball and tennis courts are an added plus for those looking for a sports-theme day. With a vast parking lot at Orchard Beach, parking is readily available.
One of the most beautiful parks in New York City. Hard to believe that so much beautiful lush green trees are located in the city.
Walking from Pelham Bay train station to section five, is it better to walk on the new bike track or on the outskirts of the highway when walking alone?
I came here on an early Saturday morning for a boot camp class and I was shocked how nice this park is. Yes I'm a Queens snob that doesn't really like to travel to the BX for a park. The park was full of people working out and playing some sort of sport. The grounds were kept really clean and they have parking lots. There is a lot of things to do here but I didn't get to explore but will do next time.
I went to this beach for the first time on Saturday. We live about 15 minutes away so it was pretty convenient.   Pros: - lots of stuff to do there it seems: basketball courts, playground, boArdwalk, etc. - nice view. It's different from your typical "nothing but ocean" view of a coastal beach because it's the Long Island sound and the view consists of what I think is city island and maybe even queens? I'm not sure but it was nice to look at islands and some sort of trees and terrain instead of endless ocean. - free to get on the beach and free bike parking (but cars are $9 weekends and $7 weekdays) Cons: - definitely not peaceful once the afternoon crowd rolls in. They were having a basketball tournament or something while we were there and although it wasn't super annoying, the music was loud and I can see how some may be bothered by it. - beach is dirty. It's very much like the Coney Island or Brighton beach of the Bronx. - costs money to park the car. Overall, it's def worth it since it's so close to us but not a place to travel far for.
New York City's largest park, there are plenty of ecosystems, recreation opportunities, golf courses, multiple access points, different cities. It truly is a wonder that could take years to fully appreciate.
