My relationship with Equalize was short, but sweet.   The Place:  It's very clean and modern- especially the bathroom (you've GOT to check out the bathrooms).  They have a nice range of machines (some with TVs attached), and a wide range of group classes scheduled.  Only downside is that they didn't have a swimming pool.  The front desk has a juice bar, which I never took advantage of.   The People:  The staff very friendly, and the clientele is regular, so it's easy to make new friends.   There is ample parking for drivers, but for those who do not drive- it's a 5 minute walk to the Northbound #6 bus (southbound bus is a couple of minutes more, as you either have to walk to St. John's or the Foxfire School). My only complaint is that the monthly membership fee is a bit pricier than many other gyms.  I couldn't keep up my membership b/c I am moving and gotta make cuts to extras. Even with that- no hard feelings. I definitely recommend this gym.
Nice layout, very clean, always friendly workers. I found them by purchasing a Groupon for fitness classes and took a few and enjoyed it. My favorite is the aerial lessons. They also have daycare that my daughter goes to when I'm in class that's only $5 and Ms Charlene is the best. My daughter now also goes to their gymnastics classes at gymcats on Saturdays and she loves it. I just wish their membership prices weren't so steep. It's the same cost of my current gym but they have a pool.
Recently joined Equalize. I was excited to try all the new equipment. I'm coming from Blink Fitness who didn't have any free weights whatsoever. The staff is really nice and so are the members. I even received a free shake from their smoothie bar for registering which was really yummy! The only thing I don't like about this gym is the weights are unorganized. You have to play mix and match with the dumbbells. Also, the weights on the cable machine feel a bit odd. A lot lighter than they should be. But other than that I really recommend this gym!
Great Layout and staff. Extremely clean and always up to date on the latest fitness trends and machines. Extremely happy with Equalize and even travel all the way from Rye just to work out.
LOTS of steroid use going on inside that gym. Over priced. Owner is a scum bag. Steals your yearly upkeep on equitment fees. If you happen to lift more wieght then the average person the owner/staff freaks out. (Why put 100lb dumb bells in your gym and have 50+ 45lb plates?) Also if you don't buy a shake everyday he confronts you about it. Do not recommend anyone to join. He just wants your money doesn't care about your fitness goals. Wieghts are all over the floor making it a unsafe place to work out. Cable on the TV's was down for over 6 weeks at one point. Once found a hyperdermic needle in the men's locker room used to inject steroids. SOMEONE MIGHT GET HURT. I am highly concerned about the safety of the members after seeing such a high volume of steroid use taking place. Also saw a 8-10yo boy being inproperly tuched by an instructor during a lesson. NOT GOOD FOR YOUNG KIDS. Join planet fitness or NYS Club. You will be very unhappy with this gym. Dont waste your time or money. Fitness fanatic LIFE.
My husband and I wanted to join a gym that could help us get in shape. We met with Walter who was professional and interested in our fitness goals. We had a 7 day guest membership and knew that we would join after coming a few days. As part of our membership we had two free sessions each with a personal trainer and I ended up buying a 3 month 1x week  personal training session. I was matched with Diana V. who is an outstanding trainer!! i enjoy the frequent Zumba classes and have tried Pilates and Yoga. It's clean and the staff are friendly.
I recently joined this gym and so far I've been very happy with my experience here. After moving to the Bronx I wasn't interested in joining dumps like Planet Fitness or Bally's so a 10 minute drive up the Saw Mill Pkwy to North Yonkers is well worth it. The staff is very friendly and while I haven't needed their assistance with anything yet, they seem very competent and attentive. The 2 great things about this fitness center that jump out to me is the fact that it never seems to be that crowded and that all the equipment and weights are always neatly in order. Dumbbells and plates aren't scattered all over the floor. You never have to wait to use a machine or weight bench really. Its nice not to have to fight over space in the gym or see groups of 4-6 kids occupying an entire section of the place for 20 minutes at a time. Other gyms I've been to have not been as well maintained as Equalize. This seems like the type of place that keeps you motivated in achieving your fitness goals. There is something for everyone at this gym, as they offer a wide range of group fitness classes.
