Bikram yoga is 26 postures. 90 minutes. In a 105 degree room. Don't be intimidated! Once you get the hang of the moves (which are consistent every time) it gets MUCH easier. And regardless of level or ability, Juniet and Elvis of Hot Yoga Yonkers will take care of you. I began practicing Bikram in 2009 and at Hot Yoga Yonkers (in bits and spurts) since 2011. There are now a good deal of studios around Westchester, but I really love and prefer the staff and the atmosphere of HYY. They take time to learn your name, make an effort to accommodate everyone into class (even if you haven't pre-registered), and will even gently correct your form or make suggestions to deepen your practice. Classes fill up fast with regulars, but try coming in or calling anyway. Your best bet is to make reservations during prime studio time (generally after work hours). If you're new, you'll love Juniet. She's sweet, with a relaxing voice and she's all about the intention, stress release and other-than-physical benefits of practice. Yukari is great once you get the hang of things or want to perfect form. She'll even push you deeper into a pose if you need it. Try Elvis if you're up for a challenge! He will make you hold every. single. second of a posture and really push you physically to engage that core and reeeaaaaach. PROS: The STAFF Towels provided. Water for purchase, mats for rent. Well-managed room. Never unbearably or dangerously hot. Lots of class options. (Even more so with the sister studio in Hartsdale.) Non-pretentious yogis/yoginis. The regulars are 100% engaged in their own practice and you won't find any judgmental looks if you're unfamiliar or just returning to your practice. (Just make sure to respect the studio!) CONS: No shower. Carpeted floors. The parking! There's plentiful street parking right across the road (not IN the raceway) but you play leapfrog trying to avoid cars when you cross! Enjoy your journey with Hot Yoga Yonkers. Do the intro week special and you're guaranteed to get hooked!
Bikram and Barkan style yoga with dedicated instructors and reasonable class sizes. During the weekdays the schedule includes a 6am 1 hour "express" class - great for those like me that prefer to start the day with intense exercise but don't have time for the standard 90 minute Bikram practice. Midday Monday through Friday, there are $10 karma yoga classes scheduled for those that can't cover the usual $25/class cost.   Registration for a place in class is done through the online schedule which has the name of the instructor, the type of yoga, the time allotment for the class and the number of spots remaining. There is a fee for registering and then not cancelling if you can't make class. I guess this is for those that space and forget since online class cancellation is just as simple as online class registration. Be sure to check the online schedule for any last minute cancellations. This December has had a few rough snowfalls with dangerous driving conditions, and it was quick and easy to view the times classes would not be held- handy not to have to call the studio to check. The majority of the space is sectioned for the practice studio, one bathroom sans shower and separate changing areas for men and women. The women's side has a small curtained booth for the demure, lockers with gratis locks available at the desk and a thoughtful jar of hair ties for those that forgot to bring one of their own. Towels are included for return to the laundry bin after class, hair ties you get to keep as those are not re-purposed for sanitary reasons. You can leave your yoga mat at the studio where it will be cared for and laid out for your use at your schedule class which is another perk of online registration for a specific time and date. It is apparent that the proprietors are not only mindful but thoughtful. Parking in front of the studio is limited to 6 or 7 cars, but there is ample street parking- remember to bring quarters since the credit card fed street meters are not available. A sister studio will be opening up soon in Hartsdale, likely around February 2014, and currently there is an amazing 6 month and 1 year package price to celebrate. I got in on that great pricing and look forward to many months ahead of deep practice.
I really like this studio. It's less busier than my current studio. I like the fact it's parking, only a certain amount of people can attend each class. Once the class is full that's it, you have the option to book your spot online. This will be my new location. The only thing that was a little different is that the instructor went a little to fast for me. The studio provides minor things that made me feel welcome such as locks for your locker and bands for your hair.
I normally practice up in Fairfield which was becoming a trek for me, and Im very happy to have found a clean, well run hot yoga practice in Yonkers! The instructor is fantastic...great energy. I'll definitely be back!
No judgement & very welcoming! Started 5 months ago and fell in love with hot yoga & this place! The owner and other instructors are the best and very compassionate.
Hot Yoga Yonkers is my new home away from home.  I practice and teach hot yoga in Santa Monica, CA and was looking for a place to practice while visiting my family for the holidays.  I was so happy to find out that this great NYC Bikram teacher, Juniet opened up her own place, Hot Yoga Yonkers.  She is one of the most nurturing and attentive teachers with a real passion for the practice.  Whether you are a beginner or advanced practitioner, live in NY or are visiting, you are in good hands with Juniet.  The studio is intimate, parking is metered and easy and the space is clean and simple. I look forward to making Hot Yoga Yonkers part of my routine each time I come back east!
Went back for a class with Jimmy and it was excellent! The small class sizes offer more personal attention and teacher involvement gives you the chance to fix mistakes and get the most out of postures. In comparison with other studios, I like that Yonkers gives you towels but it's inconvenient that there are no showers.
Hot Yoga Honored is amazing. I have been a member since it opened. It is the most affordable in Westchester with Bikrim certified teachers. Parking is easy and the owner is both welcoming and insightful. Her husband, also a teacher,is excellent as well. They all take the time and truly care about their yogis!!!  Postures are also modiied as needed for flexibilty, injury, surgeries etc. Hot yoga will revitalize your mind, body, and spirit. It helps your body in many ways, but you have to take a class to find out how!!!
Clean and welcoming studio with a laid back "no judgements" philosophy. Owner Juniet and her husband Elvis have a lovely studio that is convenient to the Major Deegan as well as the Bronx River parkway. They have different packages and there are five $10 classes every week. I've taken Bikram classes in Harlem as well as the Bronx. I am so happy that there is a studio in Yonkers as this is literally five minutes from my house. I joined the studio in January 2013 and have been going to classes almost every day ever since. If you've never tried this type of yoga, do yourself a favor and try it. People have noticed the changes in my body and have complimented me. I also love the meditation/mental aspect of this type of "work out". The instructors are great, they're different but they bring a great energy to class and help keep students motivated. The only negative would be that because the studio is on the small side, they do not have shower facilities. This isn't really a problem for me because I live so close by that I can just go home to shower, but I'm sure for some people the lack of showers is a negative.
This place is great. It got me exercising again, and I find the staff to be very good at leading the classes. Hot yoga definitely is not cheap, but it really is worth the money as you see results, wonderful relaxation, and a great way to get back into exercising and stretching.
