Beautiful, beautiful! Such a pleasant surprise. I come here as often as I can. I've taken many hour long walks here on sweltering summer days. It's a good 10 degrees cooler here under the vast canopy of trees. I got caught in a thunderstorm here this summer and although it wasn't the safest place to be, it was surely the most enchantingly beautiful. I can go on and on about this wondrous place!!
I never expected to find such an awesome park along the Hudson river and the Metro North train tracks. This park is not filled with swings, gates, or water fountains for children to play in. This is the truest definition of the word park- its just you and nature. Trees surround you in every direction as does the beauty of nature envelops you. If you have a pet who would enjoy a long 2 mileish hike, this is the perfect dog-walking experience for you and your canine. Intermittent parts of the park offers seating but really, this is a true hike around in dirt, type of park. Some of the views of the Hudson and NJ are delightful and you'll also get to check out Riverdale's exclusive Yacht club from afar. It's just one of those places where you can practice cross-country jogging, walk with your pet or enjoy a day outdoors being one with nature. When the greens are lush and overgrown, please becareful of the poison ivy. And finally, if you bring garbage into this park, take it out with you when you leave. Trash cans do not exist and its better for the environment if we do our part to minimize litter.
4.5 stars... I'm only taking 1/2 a star off because despite bordering the Hudson River you can't go down and sit by the river as there's train tracks  right next to the water with a fence keeping you from getting to them. Despite this one downside this park is awesome. Like Inwood Hill Park in Manhattan, Riverdale park is all natural woodlands. Partly due to the parks narrow shape there's primarily one wide path through the woods that goes the length of it. The park is about 1 1/4 miles by about 400feet. There aren't any benches but occasionally there's a log to take a rest on. At the northern end of the park is a fire pit, I'm sure you're not allowed to be having fires here but by the looks of it, I don't think that rule has been followed. Riverdale Park is the first and only place I've been to in NYC where I've been surrounded by nature and if I listen closely there's no whisper of traffic in the distance, only the sound of a gentle breeze and birds. This is because there's only the river to the west and the gorgeous and surprisingly un-NYC like neighborhood of Riverdale to the east. It's worth driving/walking/biking around this neighbored and checking out the mansions while you're up there. Wave Hill gardens is also in the area, a worthwhile visit (especially if time it with one of their free times) It was very relaxing park/area and I'll be sure to be back.
"Park" often invokes visions of jungle gyms, swings, noisy happy children frolicking in sprinklers...not the case here.   Nestled in between Palisade Ave and the Hudson River for much of the length of Riverdale, this is really just a long strip of trees and wilderness with some paths carved out for walking, jogging, or dog walking.   If you do come here for a jog, be warned that the paths are not at all flat, and not formally maintained, so you'll occasionally be dodging bushes and branches, as well as aforementioned walkers and dogs.  Not for everyone, but some of us really enjoy a more "off road" experience whilst running.   Also, there are no formal entrances - really just gaps along the fence where pathways begin. That's about all you get - but that's how Riverdalians like it.  Trees, trees and more trees.
Spontaneously decided to visit this park and was pleasantly suprised. It's not a flat park and I don't recall seeing a swingset. We saw a few dogs (and their owners) but for the most part, there was no one in the park when we walked through. It feels like you're not in the Bronx. The Hudson line of the Metro North wisks by on the west side of the park. There are several downed trees that the parks dept has turned in to seating areas (it seems). We will be back!
