I love how dog friendly this trail is, and very clean! Although I do not think there are enough garbage bags, I wish they had dog waste removal cans
I walked from Beekman Ave down to Irvington Station and, while the trail itself was pleasant enough (at times), I found it poorly marked throughout. Additionally, the portion I walked was primarily along Route 9 which is not terribly scenic; more sidewalk than trail. Since we were approaching at Beekman Ave we were instructed by a local to just take Route 9 because the trail will intersect soon enough.  We picked the trail up at Prospect Ave (because there didn't appear to be a connection at Leroy Ave, despite what the map says) and followed it for a short bit before finding ourselves at a dead end, in a neighborhood where one of the residents working in his yard pointed us back down to Route 9 because "there's no other way around the NYS Thruway."  We stayed on Route 9 until Lyndhurst. While walking through the grounds of Lyndhurst was lovely, we expected the whole trail to be more like that and less like walking along a highway.  Because we got lost a few times due to poor signposting, we had to end our ramble in Irvington rather than at Dobbs Ferry, where we had originally planned to terminate. For a ramble, this section in particular is not worth the trouble.  However, the towns we passed through, as well as Lyndhurst, were all very cute and worth a separate visit. I do plan on returning to Tarrytown to head north on the trail though. Hopefully we just chose a poor section and the whole trail isn't disappointing.
Gather 'round, young and old I'm going to write a review, as yet untold I pray for guidance that it doesn't suck It's about the Old Croton Aqueduct. It all happened this Saturday past In Hastings-on-Hudson the story is cast We took Metro-North, the Hudson Line The gorgeous river views helped pass the time From Manhattan we arrived in no time flat 20 mins from Marble Hill station to be exact As we left the train, I wanted some tea That's good, my friend said, I need to pee The public library sat atop the hill There was also a Farmers' Market - what a thrill I wanted fresh apples, no time for chitter-chatter My friend agreed as she went to empty her bladder We wandered through town in search of caffeine While little children painted store fronts for Halloween How cute, I exclaimed, but such a pity At home that would be considered graffiti I got me some tea and a bagel with butter So much so, a heart attack I fear I shall suffer We walked on past the Episcopal Church For the trail, we still had to search There were few signs leading the way It would have been easy to go astray But then we saw it - a fence post green There was only 1 thing that could mean Across it read OCA The Old Croton Aqueduct - hip hip hooray Now for a little history before I say more To old New York, let's go on a tour 2 hundred years ago the city was growing Where would people get water, no one was knowing To sustain our future, they copied the Romans An aqueduct will get the water flowin' They went upstate and built a huge dam This would help solve their water jam Then a big iron pipe was laid To the Harlem River it was made Across the High Bridge at 173rd To Central Park, it could be seen but not heard Where flowers on the Great Lawn now wilt An enormous Receiving Reservoir had been built But, oh, how this city grows fast The OCA just wouldn't last They built a new one we still use today While the old went into disarray No longer down the OCA  does water flow One can walk or bike above the old iron pipe below The path is long and the vistas wide Just be careful where you stride My friend ended up stepping in pooh It covered the bottom of his shoe There is plenty of grass, though, for a quick wipe That shit was gone without a gripe Follow the path to your heart's content We walked until our legs were spent Back onto Metro North we took a hop 3 stations down - that was our stop What such an enjoyable way To spend a gorgeous fall day It's always a pleasure to leave the city And experience a little history There it is all laid out Go see for yourself if you have a doubt If life makes you feel somewhat stuck Amble down the Old Croton Aqueduct
It's hard to get a reasonable dose of Mother Nature outside of the city in half a day.  This is why the Old Croton Aqueduct (OCA as they say) is so ideal.  You can reach the southernmost portion of the trail in 50 minutes from Grand Central, provided your Metro North train does not delay the way mine did... but I digress. The trail stretches along the east  side of the Hudson river, near enough to civilization that you won't get lost, but sheltered enough that if you look forward with no peripheral vision you could pretty much be in any wilderness preserve in the US.  Especially on a clear day, the beauty is quite stunning (see my photos). The trail is easy to follow, and the great thing is you can pretty much pick up and end wherever you want along the Metro North Hudson line -- the nicer parts of the Southern OCA are from Greystone to Tarrytown. Check it out if you have a day to spare!
This place is a gem. I grew up in the area and didn't even know this existed until last Summer. I believe this trail is extremely long, but I have only walked from Main St of Dobbs Ferry, cutting across Mercy College, and ending on Main St in Irvington. That is probably only a small portion of the whole trail, but it is still a good enough stretch to get some exercise and enjoy the nature. It's just an incredible stretch of nature! It runs parallel to Broadway from Dobbs Ferry to Irvington, but it's difficult to believe that you are so close to a major road. I believe that this trail just makes people instantly happy. There are many people walking and jogging, with and without their dogs. Most people will say hi to you when you pass them, and it's impossible to be unhappy while you're here. Especially in the Summer, this trail is gorgeous and you can get a good mix of the sun and the shade. There are lots of tall trees and random works of art placed throughout the trail. My favorite is passing by the huge houses...they all have so much character to them, it is very entertaining to see.
This seemingly endless fresh air artery has got to be the best level jog in Westchester.  My two favorites are the (1) stretch which cuts through the Lyndhurst Estate and (2) the stretch which borders and connects up with Rockefeller State Park.
Nice long trail. No garbage. Dog friendly.a great place to get some exercise and a nice sweat going with views of the Hudson and many nice homes. Great place to take in some nature on a nice day!
