I like stopping here when I'm driving on the Palisades Parkway. It's too far north to have good views of the city, but you can still see the GW bridge from a distance. You are standing on top of the Palisades-which are the tall, palisade-looking vertical rocks seen from the Hudson river that gave ride to the name of that region. The scramble via the Long Way sounds like a great experience and I plan to do that in the future. The entrance road to the park is the old Route 9W from 1926. Please note that there is usually a park police vehicle on that entrance road enforcing a very low (perhaps 25 mph) speed limit, which some people exiting the Palisades Parkway may not realize until they get stopped.
Review of Peanut Leap Cascade Trail: We came here today again with the pup and it was beautiful!! It was snowing but that didn't bother us. The trails were clear, nobody else was on the trail with us so our dog was able to be off leash. The trail markers were easily seen and lots of photo opportunities. Unfortunately, there was heavy fog/clouds so we couldn't clearly see the NY side. Getting down to the base of the mountain was easy. They had steps for you. We then ran into the large rocks where we had to scramble. We weren't sure if we were at the right place but we went up the mountain. We got about half way and decided to turn back. Only reason was because it was still snowing, our dog was having some difficulty, and we didn't know how long we would have to scramble for. This should actually be called a BOULDER scramble. Next time, we'll go without the dog and when it's not snowing and once I know what to expect, we can do it again. I even got a chance to test out both GPS tracking softwareL MapMyHike and MyTracks. I'm not sure what happened but MyTracks was more accurate. It seemed like MapMyHike lost GPS tracking for awhile. I'll just have to double check next time instead of letting the software run on its own. MyTracks Hike: docs.google.com/file/d/0… Photos: imag3l.com/?p=1319 imag3l.com/?p=1410 I'd definitely come here again. This is a great place for wild life and Fall photography!
On top of the palisades looking over the Hudson River is this wonderful park/rest area/lookout with one of the most difficult hiking trails I've encountered.  This hiking trail dubbed The Long Way is approximately 4 miles of the most difficult rock scramble imaginable.  It starts off on top of the palisades, works its way down to the Hudson River and then back up the palisades.  Along the way, one will encounter all shapes and sizes of palisade rocks; inter alia, large boulders called the Giant Steps.  Be warned.  This trail is for serious hikers.  Indeed, there is a sign prior to the rock scramble which cautions as such.   The three of us were not expecting such an adventure.  I scraped my shin a few times on the sharp rocks.  Definitely wear long pants.  The hike was difficult and one of the best workouts I've had.  After completing the 4 to 5 mile loop, I was drenched and beat. There is also a cafe in the park where one can buy water, ice cream, sandwiches, etc.  The frozen fruit popsicles were so refreshing after our hike.  Come prepared with hiking boots (unlike us), backpack with water, and walking sticks (if you have 'em).
This place is an easily overlooked gem.  Don't let the idea that it's a snack bar put you off.  The food served  is expertly done and delicious! I've got a bit of a family history here.  My Dad used to bring us here on occasion when we were kids.  Last October I was in the area and decided to stop in, not having been there in decades.  Was is as good as I remembered?  It's BETTER!  I had the Angus burger platter and it was superb! They have various platters offered, and even a vegan platter should you be so inclined.  An added attraction is a gift shop with various books of local New Jersey lore and history, in addition to other articles. The Inn has an interesting history itself.  It was built as a Works Progress Administration project in 1938 and its rustic design made use of locally quarried stone and  wood salvaged from chestnut trees killed by the blight of the early 20th Century.  A bit of living "New Deal"  history here. And you can't beat the view from the Lookout itself!  500 feet above the Hudson River!  Bring your binoculars! Only two "negatives", if you want to call them that: 1)   It's only open during daylight hours, 9:30 to 5:00, possibly later depending on the season.  That's not so bad, is it? 2)   Watch your speed on the Palisades Interstate Parkway!  The PIP police are merciless!
