OK, I will shyly admit that for awhile, given that the place is quite groovy, and the DJ's are constantly spinning R & B "Grooves", that I thought the name of the place was Duke's Bohemian GROOVE Bar. I was wondering what was Bohemian about the Grooves. Then I realized it's a GROVE Bar, which actually makes even less sense, because I don't see any Groves around here, and even if there were Groves, what would be Bohemian about them? OK, now I'll even more shyly admit (given that I was an English major, and play quizzes, and stuffs), that I have no idea what Bohemian really means. Is it something to do with the Czech Republic? Well these beats are not Czech and the club isn't really full of Czech-looking girls (in fact you'd have to go to Los Angeles, or Praha itself, for a club like that). I'm moving on. I came here to try the Eggplant Wings. I'm going to say that they weren't that bad, and were probably juicy and original and yummy enough to earn a 4 out of 5, except for a few factors. Factor one, everyone says this place is THE shizznit, it's so hyped and way overrated, I was expecting an orgasmic taste explosion and all I got was some pretty good Eggplant Wings that didn't change my life in any way and weren't as yummy as regular wings. Factor two is the price. They are way, way overpriced. I think my Eggplant Wings cost me well north of $10, and that was annoying, because they're not as substantial or filling or tasty as a regular order of chicken wings at another place, which would cost significantly less. Thirdly, they were a little swamped in hot sauce, which I actually love but I think most people would not like as much as me. Fourthly, the hot sauce wasn't as buttery as I like, it was a bit too close to full on Franks hot sauce. Fifth, the music here is way too loud to be ordering food, but that's not really a complaint. Sixth, it's not to my taste in music, but again that's just a personal preference. I think Allen St. Hardware has much better music. And finally, seventh, the service was pretty awful. The ridiculously good looking tattooed bartenders were sort-of fighting over my order and getting pissy with each other for gazumping me and taking the order. They yelled at me and not in a particularly friendly way, but that's fine, when you're that cute, you can be mean and I'm okay with it. I might even kind of like it. But then don't keep my 50 cents change as a tip unless I tell you to. That's crossing a line. These things are already way overpriced and such a thing will end up in my review. Speaking of good looking people, this club is full of good looking girls and ridiculously amazing seven inch stiletto heels. Lots of fun things to look at and gorgeous people to flirt with while you wait for your insanely overpriced overhyped food. So all things considered, this is a 3, for service and price it's a 1, for food it's a 4. But the hype means it's firmly down as a 3. Oh, and be prepared to convince the bouncer that you're just coming in for food, otherwise there'll be a cover charge, too. I'm so glad motels don't charge a cover charge, I mean, quilts should be free right? :)
People seem to have mixed feelings about this place. I like DBGBs a lot. I came across it as part of my ongoing search for the perfect place for a bro-date -- a slightly dirty place where you can hang out with your bro, have some beers, & eat pub food. (Bro-dates are more about a mood than anything else. They are for gays and straights, and men and women.) DGBG is pretty much exactly what I was looking for. Yes, the draft list could be better, but they've got a great selection of bottled beers. The falafel is weird because it isn't fried, but I like it. If you're looking for something fried, try their french fries with truffle oil. That will more than compensate for any yearnings you may have for greasy food. Here's what stands out about the place: The music is really good. Even the background music is awesome for a bro-date. They play a lot of Prince, so I guess you have to like that kind of music if you're going to agree with me. The wait staff is fun & entertaining. DBGB's has an organ that they play during Sabre's games. (Sabre's games are good occasions for bro-dates, even if you aren't into hockey all that much.) The BBQ is excellent. I mean, really outstanding. (BBQ is a good addition to a bro-date.) I love DGBG's BBQed wings. Overall, they do an amazing job with BBQed chicken. I've tried their grilled cheese, which you can get with jalapeño poppers smashed onto the sandwich. Sounds disgusting? It's surprisingly tasty, though you do have to like spicy and cheesy foods (two other good additions to a bro-date).
Grimy on every level. Went on July 3rd (for drinks) and the crowd was rough, agressive and grimy. Some guy started flipping out on me because I turned my head while he, his fat fuck girlfriend and their low life entourage were snapping endless Selfies and burnning the crap out of my retinas. All I did was turn my head so I didnt end up in the loser's facebook album. Apparently THATS considered rude enough to flip out on a compelte stranger for. When he was getting tossed out later in the night he was flipping me off which was messed up, considering I didn't say one word to the guy earlier. (For the record, I'm a woman which made his agressive verbal attacks even more disturbing.) Waited in line for the bathroom (only two of the three worked). People were getting upset. FINALLY, four people walked out: three girls and a guy (its not the kind with stalls - only one toilet per bathroom). Someone in line bitched and one girl turned and said "What can I say - we had alot of drugs to do" and flittered away like it was no big deal 20 people were ready to piss their pants while they did a bunch of coke. Around 1:30 is when things got fucked up. Tons of Colors (motorcycle and gangs) showed up, the angry guy from before was still yelling in his drunken stupor and in a tussle with security that just wouldn't end, and the unruly pigs who thought they were ladies turned the place into WWF championships arguing with each other and everyone else over stupid shit. I was in the back patio area, which just a mosh pit of slimy fucks cloaked with a heavy fog of cigarette smoke. There was nothing cool about being outside in a nice summer night in those conditions. Ladies: don't go alone or in groups. Security was scare and the crowd out of control.
All good music has a groove you can feel in your soul, a beat that makes your blood pound and your heart sing.   Duke's knows music. The live music (almost every night), the great staff, even the divey atmosphere, all come together to create a melody of welcome and acceptance. This is the place you come when you want to relax, hear some amazing tunes, and unwind. It's also now (again) a place you can come for an amazing dinner. In April 2013, the owners decided to go in a different direction with their menu and brought on Chef Red to take over the kitchen from Chef Malik Saint.  2013 was a long summer for me.  I was devastated at the loss of my favorite Chef, frustrated with the inconsistent food coming from the kitchen after the change, and disappointed that my favorite place to hang out and listen to music no longer had food that I wanted to eat. I stopped going altogether at some point. I stopped recommending Duke's for anything more than drinks and music. I found other places for dinner. A new friend asked me recently to join him for drinks at Duke's, which eventually turned into dinner.  What a difference a year makes!  Whatever trouble the kitchen had before finding it's new groove, is now solidly in the past.  I was surprised that night by the food and skeptical that the kitchen would be able to remain consistent.  I returned several times over the next couple of weeks to sample various items off the Specials menu (chopped salad with house cured bacon, soft shell crab BLT, potato and cheese pirogi, grilled salmon).  Each time, the food was solid, the quality and flavor was consistent. This last year has been a struggle for the kitchen to find it's new rhythm but finally the soul of Duke's has returned to its food. Dinner anyone?
Great service by a big guy with a shaved head. Good beer selection. Two goofy bar backs wondering around all night with no clue. I ordered lobster gnocchi, and it is a fishy, imitation claw meat. Not even langostino lobster, but  the imitation crap you can buy at the store, if that. Maybe some freezer burnt claws, which is worse. Good for draft beer, bad for lobster gnocchi.
The bf and I decided to buy a Groupon for here -- $17.50 for $35 worth of food.  I made a reservation since I knew the place was pretty small.  We got here about 25 minutes before our reservation to get a drink at the bar.  With some live music playing, the place was very busy.  We waited... and waited... and waited.  The bartenders seemed overwhelmed because it took quite a bit of time for them to realize we were standing with a credit card out with no drinks in front of us.  We both ordered Great Lakes Edmund Fitzgerald.  I asked if the bartender could make me a black and tan but I don't think she heard me or didn't understand what it was because she got confused and said something about a blueberry beer.  I figured it would be best to back off and just get a beer. We went to go find the hostess to get our table but it was pretty confusing where to go.  I didn't see a real hostess stand -- more of just a book and some menus thrown next to the bar.  I managed to grab hold of a waitress to let her know we were there so she could seat us.  Because we already had our drinks, we decided we wanted to split the quesadilla for an appetizer.  For dinner I ordered a steak sandwich medium rare and the bf got a chicken cutlet sandwich. After waiting, they come over with our sandwiches.  Puzzled, I inform the server (who was NOT our waitress) that we were supposed to have a quesadilla first.  He insists we take our entrees and then we can figure out about the quesadilla later.  The waitress comes over a minute later and apologizes a lot about the mix up.  We decided to scratch the quesadilla and just split a dessert instead.  The food itself was good.  I really enjoyed my sandwich.  I asked for hot sauce and ketchup for the fries and was given vinegar and ketchup.  I didn't bother to ask for the hot sauce, because I was just far too hungry.  For dessert we decided to split a tiramisu.  Not amazing, but still very good. Honestly, it was a good meal and I definitely think I'll be back.  The live music was a nice touch but they were playing really loudly for such a small place.  We had trouble hearing each other.  I was annoyed that they messed up the appetizer and that it took so long at the bar, so that's why I had to give 3 stars.  Their BBQ and wings sound delicious though, so I will probably be back to try those!
My Order: Duke's Sampler Platter, Pepsi (1 free refill- yay!)   Pros: - Truffle Oil Fries: by far my favorite. Crisped to perfection (literally) and seasoned well (not too salty, not under seasoned). - Eggplant Wings: phenomenal. I was so intrigued when I read ''eggplant wings'' on yelp. It's basically battered buffalo flavored eggplants!! Yum yum. - Clams: they weren't bad. I loved the sauces that came with the platter; def added to the flavors of clams (I usually don't order seafood). - Oysters: my friend said that they were tasty. Came with lemons & 2 sauces Cons: - off the street parking? I went on a Friday and I found parking with ease though. For the price of the platter, it was very filling and worth it. My server, Valerie, was very sweet and polite. She checked on us regularly and was quite informative about future events. Apparently, there is a Fat Tuesday Mardi Gras/Burlesque show on the 4th. See you there ;) P.S. Reservations recommended- it was super crowded when I went!
I rarely re-review a place unless something has changed drastic enough to do so and let me say something has since my last one for DBGB's, in that they now serve food here and it is AMAZING. So Saturday night before going to see Wicked we went out around 6pm to get some food before the show. Tried Cantina Loco but after being told it was a 2 hour wait we moseyed down to DBGB's as it was our backup plan. I heard the food was good and wanted to check it out anyway and after eating here it might be my go to plan next time. I mean we got seated right away. Our server was excellent and the food was so tasty.  We had the portobello fries and beer cheese soup to start. The Fries were out of this world good. The soup was only OK though, it was kind of on the lightside and could have been a bit more savory. Then we had a black n blue hogie and the eggplant wings. These were both awesome. Super fresh roll, steak cooked to medium-rare perfection, along with some blue cheese, caramelized onions and banana peppers had the hogie on point. Then the eggplant wings were perfect as well, with a nice crunch on the breading and tasty eggplant goodness inside, reminded me of them from Off the Wall back in the day. Top that with their amazing beer selection and reasonable prices on everything and you have a nice little hideaway to eat at. As someone who has only been here for drinking and music, I would have never thought I would have such a great meal here but I was impressed. As Wayne H. says with the restaurant, music club, and sports, DBGB's has a draw for any person at some point. I recommend you check it out.
I've been to DBGB's a few times & am always blown away by how good the wings are. They manage to find the delicate balance of crispy and saucy, and have secured themselves as the best wings in Buffalo. (In my opinion). 4 stars bc the layout is strange and it can be difficult at times to catch a bartenders attention for drinks.
I've tried.  I really put forth the effort.  I swear.  But I failed - I just can't like this place. Positives: small stage with a neat area for dancing.  Huge bottled/canned beer selection (fairly limited draft selection). Yet I find the place dark and dreary with gross bathrooms that easily plug and overflow (by the end of the night you might as well be using an porta-potty).  Drinks are absurdly expensive (a ginger ale cost my non-drinking friend $2).  The back patio is tiny and hardly worth the mention.
This is a great place.  The service was excellent. Our server, Kevin, was wonderful! He suggested some favorites, told us a bit about things, and made it a pleasant experience for us! The smoked bbq wings were delicious! The burgers were amazing! All well worth it and pricing was reasonable !
I came here to eat vegan food after reading about in on Yelp. They didn't really have any options except for what had to be the worst falafel I've ever had. I was excited to check out the "eggplant wings" but they were just breaded, deep-fried eggplants which were almost certainly not vegan so I had my non-vegan friend eat them. The stuff we ordered took a bit over an hour.  The bartenders are nice, the music was good and all around the place had a good vibe to it. Maybe we just got unlucky with the food, but it was pretty awful.  There was as $5 cover that night, but not sure if that's normal or not.  I'd go back for a drink, but would skip the food.
I really wanted to like this place. I still do, so maybe I'll give it another shot and revise this later. The atmosphere hits you as soon as you walk in the door. The night I went with a friend, a fantastic jazz duo was playing. The sounds blended with the counter-culture art on the walls and complemented the perfect-crowdedness of the bar and dining area. It was like stepping off the streets of Buffalo and into a trendy, local jazz bar in New York. Loved it. The beer list was comfortably expansive.. I had the Great Lakes Nosferatu (a seasonal favorite) and Phin & Matt's Extraordinary Ale. The menu was the perfect size: easy to navigate while still offering more than enough delicious-sounding choices. The band was a bit loud, but they took extended breaks in between sets, allowing for conversation. Unfortunately, after this point our experience went downhill. While our server was friendly and sweet, we waited nearly an HOUR for our margarita pizza and smoked wings. During that time, we were only checked on once, and our emptied beer glasses were forlorn and sad for a long time. When we finally had a chance to order another round, my friend was given the wrong drink (a Stella brew instead of a Stella cider). When the food finally hit the table, it was immediately obvious that the pizza was burned to a crisp. I understand that sometimes mistakes happen, but it was so burnt that I have no idea how it was allowed to leave the kitchen. By this point, we were beyond starving, miserable, and drinking on empty stomachs. After bringing it to the server's attention, the pizza was whisked away, removed from the bill, and replaced with a complimentary order of fries. The server stated that she "noticed the top was burned, but assumed the bottom was okay." Honestly, I don't really understand that logic, but she meant well so I refrained from saying anything. It was also disappointing that my entire meal ended up consisting of a handful of fries and a half-order of just-okay wings. So, out of the nearly two hours that we were there, about a half hour of it was okay. The other 75% felt like a massive waste of my Friday evening.
Had reservations on a Friday night at 7:30 for 5 of us for my best friends birthday. The bar was really busy, and it was LOUD,was not sure who was working there to let them know that we were there, so just grabbed the first person who was carrying food. They had our table ready so we sat right away. The band was great, but the set up was really bad. To have the dining tables that close to the live music, made it almost impossible to have a conversation with anyone at the table. The lighting was dim, then all of a sudden it got DARK. We could not see, we had to ask for a second candle for our table. I get it, you want to create an ambiance, but really! The drinks were good, and we started with the truffle fries with the hibiscus aioli and bacon aioli, and the portobello fries with the lemon basil aioli. The flavor was good, but the truffle fries were little bits and pieces, almost like the crumbs at the bottom of a chip bag. We all ordered something different, southern fried chicken wings with cowboy mashed potatoes, chicken cutlet grinder, quesadilla, pierogi platter and a burger. The chicken wings were so big, bit not in a good way, they seemed rubbery, had to pull out the flash light on my cell phone just to make sure I was not eating raw chicken, the smoked bacon that was in the pierogies was too smokey, the flavor was overpowering. The cowboy mashed potatoes had potential, they just needed something, they were very bland. Everyone else's food was just okay. Nothing that we would go back for.
Some may scoff at my five star rating for Duke's Bohemian Grove Bar but let's compare apples to apples. Allen street opens its doors around 5pm each night to a bevy of regulars and newcomers alike.  Each of the restaurants and clubs in Allentown offer their own special version of cuisine, music, ambiance, noise, dance, alcohol and...style.  That's what Allentown is all about, right?  My case for the five stars is that Duke's offers it all. It's a Bar!              Open 'til 4am and they have specials practically every day! It's a Restaurant!  Yup!  Bar food, munchies, wings, burgers and on and on. It's a Club!            There's Jazz, Soul, Funk, Punk, Country, Dubstep, Swing, Open Mike and even Ladies Night goin' on here on any given night! It's a Sports bar!   Just try and get a seat in here on a Sabres night. Vegan?                 You bet! There are 14 tables in the Duke's dining room and they're booked almost every night of the week.  Owners Pat and Gabby [et. al.] are working diligently to morph the old bar they purchased 2 years ago into an exciting and entertaining restaurant and cabaret. Taking over the reigns from Chef Malik Saint is Chef Michael "Red" Frank (Olivers, Bambino) who is working with Pat and Gabby on the restaurant's new directions. Very shortly they will be pairing their nightly specials menu's with the entertainment offered each night of the week.  They're also revamping their pub food menu to add new creations and will offer - this Summer - Seafood, Clams, Oysters, Steamers and BBQ.  Said Patrick "We want to create something fun, hip and different." Dukes Bohemian offers both the expected and the unexpected, the standard and the Avant-garde.  In their food, their music and their staff you'll find what you're looking for - all under one roof.  Apples to apples?  It's an easy five stars.
Had a good time here last night. We met a bunch of interesting characters. The bartender was very nice she helped us choose beer, which can take a minute- their selection is huge! ...and she handled my not so easy to handle drunk husband like a pro Oh and they have hot pretzels. Yum!
I need to go back here to eat mayb at an earlier time as well. I went to watch a band they had a great selection of drinks. The stage was cool but I didn't like the layout seemed small especially for the selection of seats for eating. The place was super dark and I couldn't see the ppls faces very well of who I was talking to. Mayb the lights were dimmed for the band, I sure hope so. They serve food until 3am and the food there smelled and looked pretty good ( from what I could see). When u first walk in u notice the ambiance of the bar and the theme. Small and narrow and opens up when I get to the back. There is also not enough parking only a 7 car parking lot and surrounding streets. But then that's buffalo for u. I will come back here to give it a second chance.
Neo soul night on Tuesdays are cool. But don't order shots at this bar. It was my friends bday and she's a female so she wanted something girly. Bartender gave us something made with Pinnacle Vodka and charged me $8 a shot! When did Pinnacle become top shelf?!?!?  I wonder what Grey Goose costs here?
went with 12 people last night.  everyone loved their food.  I had the bacon wrapped meatloaf and will definitely go back for seconds.  seating was a bit cramped and the lighting kept going in and out and stayed rather dark for the rest of our meal.  overall worth it!
Went here for a show. Food was great, had an expansive drink menu (I didn't have any of it, but I looked at the menu) but the venue was best for the show. Intimate and loud--my two favorite things.
DBGB's (formally know as Staples) is my new favorite bar in Allentown! Although I enjoyed Staples, DBGB's had done some things to the place to make it better. First, they made the bar longer and took out all the useless crap that was up front by the window. Its less cave-like now. They made the entrance to the rear part of the bar bigger so it actually feels like part of the main area. They also put in a sound system and a stage so that they can have bands play. Besides all that, they continue to have a pretty decent beer selection with about 8 micros on tap and probably like 30 different kinds of bottles. I hear they're going to be adding a few more taps in the future and that they're going to be serving food and opening up a patio in the back. We'll see! All in all, its a great local bar with a good beer selection, lots of good specials and a very fun and friendly staff.
This review has been written in dubstep: wub wubbbb wub wub wub wubbbb wubb wu wwwubbbb wuuuuuub Translation: DBGB (formerly known as Staples) is a great place to get your wub- I mean dubstep on. Now I'm not really sure what dubstep is, but I do know that it has a lot of wubs in it, and DBGB has a lot of it on the weekends. They also have a pretty fine selection of drinks to partake in when you need a little refreshment after wubbing on the dance floor. I got really excited when I found out they served my favorite cherry lambic. They  pour into a champagne like flute (kudos to them for knowing their glasses), which makes me feel like a total BAMF because it looks like I'm drinking a swanky drink instead of a fruit flavored beer like drink
Back when DBGB was Staples it was a tight-quartered, sweaty, dirty mess.  DJs would cram the bar full of their friends on Fridays and Saturdays and it was a nightmare for a guy that just wanted to have a cheap beer and play Big Buck Hunter.  Nobody expected it to be anything more than a dive bar, but it was a really uncomfortable and claustrophobic dive bar so I didn't head there often. Now that Staples has become DBGB, they've cleaned the joint up, kept the electronic music and dirty pictures on the bathroom walls, renovated the tiny but comfy patio, and added a New American menu that's just killer.  I'm totally addicted to their eggplant wings (Buffalo style, natch) and truffle fries.  Friendly bartenders pour generous samples of new, unheard-of beers for you to sample.  Apprehensive friends become believers pretty quickly, and it's a great place to start a fun night. It's nice to see that the new owners have taken 253 Allen back from the brink of Buffalo gin mill anonymity and turned it into a pretty respectable place to hang out.  Allentown traditionalists can still pick up $2 PBRs at Nietzsche's and the Pink, but locals should be thrilled to have a newish bar & grill in the neighborhood that's more Blue Monk than Brick Bar.
Here again and I can't say enough about it. Great food and awesome service. Get here! The truffle fries are fantastic!
I've been here a whole bunch of times - usually late on weekend nights.  My friends and I liked it because they always have live music and the crowd is a little, uh, less strange than the rest of the bars on this side of Allen.  For those who don't know what I mean, this part of Allen gets some strange birds.  I walked into the Old Pink down the street once and there was a homeless guy in there drooling all over the bar. Anyway, Duke's (I still call it DBGB) has a better crowd as it's not uncommon to see women in there that look like they spent 3 hours getting ready.  It's weird for Allen but I bet this will become more common as more people grow tired of all the trash on Chippewa. Go here if you wanna hear live music (especially dubstep) and you don't mind paying $5 and up for beers and drinks. Other notes: The beer selection is pretty good. The chicken wings they sell are tiny. The owner/manager/old guy who works there is creepy.  One night I was there and the DJ they had sucked and the dance floor/rockout area emptied.  The guy started ranting and raving and it looked like he was gonna have a heart attack. There's a patio in back but it's probably the worst I've ever seen.  Don't sit at the table in the corner it's dark and depressing.  Buffalo is depressing enough you don't need to make it any worse for yourself.
There are two things that make this place a 5-star LOCK.  First, great service.  You can tell that this place is making an effort to ensure that you feel welcome.  Number 2, and this is a bold statement, the wings made my eyes glaze over.  They are smoked, and then grilled or something with sticky, sweet, and a little spicy BBQ sauce.  Just a hint of heat, meaty, tender, juicy... just perfect. I will go back simply for the wings.  And then I will take my parents there, and make them eat the wings.   There is also a really good variety of beer, so that is nice, since I do like beer, but seriously.. those wings!   Good live music, and 3 (three!) Bathrooms, that I dare to say are the cleanest on the Allentown strip.  In fact, the next time I am at The Pink, I am going to remember the bathrooms at this place if nature calls.  And then I'll probably just get a beer... and order some wings.
The patio here only about 4 tables, but if you can get a table it's a great place to have a unique dinner. They have live music playing inside, which is the perfect volume to listen to from the comfort of an outside table. They also have eggplant wings that are absolutely amazing! I also had a homemade macaroni and cheese that you can get with/without lobster in it which was extremely rich and I could never finish in one sitting. They had some very original drink specials- I think I had a "Mariposa Martini" which was an orange vodka with chocolate swirls in the glass. All of this was much fancier than I would have guessed for a random bar on Allen, but it was all pretty good and the prices weren't bad. The service was fantastic and I felt like we were the only table the waitress had. She was very friendly and accommodating when it came to our questions. She around 11 to go home, so we closed out our tab and got drinks from the bar. All in all, a very positive experience and I cannot wait to go back to get more of those eggplant wings!
When I think of DBGBs I think of music, beer and late nights. Eating dinner here is not my first thought. But I saw a Groupon listed for this place for food and I was intrigued. My man and I stopped in right after work on a Thursday. It was still pretty empty and low key. They were playing awesome music. We sat at the bar and decided to order some food with our drinks. I got a pasta special; orecchiette, squash, tomatoes, cheese and olive oil. My fiance got another special, seared salmon on a bed of greens. The bartender/waitress was very attentive and even had placemats and a candle set up for our meal which was a lovely touch. Our food was okay, nothing spectacular but it really satisfied my hunger. Great beer list and even beer cocktails which isn't something I'd ever seen before! I'd be interested in going back to try the wings (chicken and eggplant!) and more pub-style food. The waitress also recommended the clams and oysters so maybe they will be in my future as well...
The first time I went to Duke's Bohemian Grove Bar, I couldn't find it.  We spent a few freezing minutes late one Friday night (or early Saturday morning, whatever you prefer) in January running up and down Allen, both trying to find the place and to stay warm.  Then, it hit me:  Oh, it's probably that place with all the people hanging out the door and that filthy dubstep pulsing out into the night. Duke's is hands-down my favorite club/bar/spot in Buffalo.  You'd never guess it from the bar's facade, but the interior of the place is pretty roomy, with a narrow bar that leads into a larger dance floor and stage.  The bathrooms are (as expected) gross but have some of the best graffiti I've read.  They also ALWAYS make me a delicious White Russian.  Like, really delicious.  And in a huge milk glass.  Trust me, it's the best. In general Duke's is dark, dank, and dreary, until Friday night when the glowsticks come out.  (Parking of course is awful as it is anywhere in Allentown on a Friday night.  Take a cab, the metro, a bus, or park far away and prepare to walk.  I usually park down College or beyond.)  Seems like DBGB hosts something different most nights of the week--alternative, reggae, dance--but Friday is given over to DJs spinning dubstep, often hosted by Queen City Cartel.  I've seen some amazing local acts there (AreHouse, Big Basha...), definitely worth checking out, if not for the music then at least to see people dancing their asses off.   But seriously, go after midnight, or else you might be caught raving on the floor alone.
So apparently I live under a rock.  I've been here a bunch of times for drinks, but never tried the food.  Full disclosure I know a few people who work here, and of course I love cute girls with tattoos, but I never wrote a review because I thought I was too biased.  For the most part they have a great beer selection, and their beers are probably a buck more then they should be, but it's always a really cool place to go for drinks, so I can't complain.  Rewind to last week, It's Easter Sunday and I go to my bros and stuff my face, hit up a friends house and stuff my face, then hit DBGB's to meet some friends.  I'm completely full and in no way in the mood to eat anything.  After a few drinks my friend orders some BBQ wings, I really don't care, but he starts bugging me to try one.  I end up eating five and apologize for eating so many.  I will declare this right now, DBGB's has the best non traditional chicken wings in Buffalo.  I can't comment on their regular wings, but their BBQ wings absolutely destroyed the wings I had at the Dino or any place within the US.
Definitely a good addition to the wicked Allentown scene. Duke's Bohemian Grove Bar is larger than it appears, since it is L-shaped with a DJ/dance area away from the bar. Music was new alternative last night (The Yeah Yeah Yeah's, etc.) Beer selection is interesting. They have lots of bottles. This included every international stand-by you can name: Blue, Guiness, Dos Equis, Imperial, blah, blah, blah. The micro brews were unexpected and interesting...Harpoon Porter but not IPA. Southern Tier's raspberry beer but not the IPA or Phin and Matt's. I didn't know what to do, so I tried a fantastic Saranac Lager-Lemonade mix. I wish I knew about it 2 months ago. I'd say the beer selection was extensive and interesting...and I learned something...so overall I had a good night at DBGB.
Do you remember that guy in High School that was a bit scuzzy, and you didn't think would amount to much?  Let's just call him Duke (don't want to get sued by Super Chef Daniel Boulud for calling him anything else*).  Sure everyone loved Duke, he was a lot of fun.  During your college years, you and your friends would go out and get drunk with Duke.  That was Duke, the fun loving, scuzzy guy who was always ready to party.  As years progressed so did he, a bit.   Duke would only drink microbrews; he had great taste in local indie music, and a penchant for dub step (try to find penchant and dub step in the same sentence in any other review).  Yet deep down he was still that same ole scuzzy Duke, and as you matured, got a job, started a family, he continued to party till the wee hours of the morning.  So you went your separate ways, occasionally saying hi, but with the smug sense of suburban superiority.   Now, imagine that one night Duke invites you over for dinner.  Now initially, you would scoff at the idea of eating dinner with Duke.  Duke's not the kind of guy who would appreciate a fine meal, in fact you always figured he's the kind of guy who drank his supper.  But Duke's always been a lot of fun and you go waaay back, so you give it a shot for old time sake. Imagine your surprise when Duke presents you with perfectly roasted Bone Marrow topped with buttery, seasoned bread crumbs.  Think beef flavored butter on crostini; it's one of the best things in the world.  How about his smoked chicken wings where the smoke imbued to the discolored bones creating tender deliciousness?  What about the dish he named Ole Leonard's Chicken and Stuff?(Greatest name for any dish in Western New York)  He takes shredded chicken on a cardamom flavored Waffle topped with cheese and nut stuffed dates, and drizzles a beautiful chicken veloute (that's French for velvet) sauce over the top.  Really?! Duke's speaking French now!!  However, the real shocker is when Duke decides to prepare a vegan dish with aloo tikka (Indian potato fritters), falafel (we all know falafel), spiced mango salad, vegetable pakoras (think veggie tempura Indian style), daal saag (Indian Lentil Soup) and jelabi (sweet fried Indian funnel cakes) with dates.  Sure it's not the best Indian food you've ever eaten, but it's...Duke...and he's worldly now??  What the hell happened? We (as the collective denizens of Buffalo who share a long history with Duke, formerly known as Staples) have to face the facts, Duke is not the same old Duke he used to be.  Sure Duke will still party till the wee hours of the morning, and sure he's still scuzzy, but thanks to Chef Malik Saint he can cook now.  It is time we all stop underestimating our old friend Duke and realize that he has grown and matured considerably.  Perhaps, in time Duke will even become a role model for his neighbors on the Bend.  Who knows, maybe soon his German neighbor Friedrich (Nietzsche's if you haven't figured out the metaphor) will feature an artisanal wurst plate with locally sourced schnitzel?  One can only dream!!   *Last year DBGB's (now Duke's Bohemian Grove Bar) got sued by Daniel Boulud for trademark infringement because his NYC megalith of the same name felt threatened.  I can totally see how someone could confuse the two! [Insert healthy amounts of sarcasm here]
I've been here a handful of times, and every time I show up I end up seeing someone I know there as well. It's always a great surprise seeing people you didn't expect to see (the ones we like that is). My friend Milk DJ's here a lot, which I've been there to see him before we even became friends. Milk is very talented individual who knows how to get a crowd interested and staying that way. Check him out you might even hire him yourself for something after you hear him spin. The bartenders here have always been fast, and friendly. The prices here aren't bad at all, and you'll get a good pour if you are drinking liquor. I've left there only paying out about 40 dollars for the night and feeling pretty good. I have yet to eat here, and would like to at some point. I unfortunately don't ever think of this place when I am thinking of places to eat. I will make more of an effort to do so next time i'm in town so I can taste the food and add onto my review.
Over 130 beers on the menu at this upscale bar, restaurant, and live music venue in the heart of Allentown. Menu is inventive pub fare--and VEGETARIAN FRIENDLY with some delicious options, including eggplant wings, quesadillas, fancy grilled cheese, and well-prepared salads. Walk in through the long, narrow-ish bar area and the place opens up into a fairly large dining area looking onto a cool stage decorated with 1970s oil paintings on black velvet. Continuing back to the rear of the building, there's a small triangular patio with covered bench and table seating. The happy hour shows on Friday (6-9pm) are a don't-miss.
I had heard mixed reviews for this place. I went on a Friday night for a 90s cover band. Was shocked there was a 7$ cover...this is a small bar in Buffalo I think 5$ should be the limit but hey whatever.  Now while I was willing to pay 7$ the band went on over an hour late, and I only got about 20 minutes of the show since I wasn't planning on staying out very late.  The drink prices seemed decent I believe they stated 5$ for my beers however when i decided to close my tab after waiting for 12minutes I finally got waited on and then 8 minutes got my bill and I was overcharged. Bt it was so crowded I refused to wait and debate 5$ overcharge.  The food looked good and I do plan on going back during the day time to give it a fair shot, but as for night life just seems a tiny bit pompous to me and I didn't do much "grooving." Maybe next time I will, but for now ill stick to my bars I know and love.
Excellent, excellent, excellent!!! Our server, Kevin, thoughtfully explained a great deal of the menu and extensive drink and beer menu. On his suggestion we enjoyed smoked BBQ wings (meat falling off bone good), a stuffed blue cheese burger (fantastic) and a BBQ bacon burger (to die for!) reasonable prices, great atmosphere, super service!! Try the truffle fries, yummy!!!
Amazing to die for truffle fires!!  Highly recommend to any and everyone.
My friends believe the bar is an acronym for Douche Bags and Gang Bangers. I must agree. Too bad it's changed so much since it was Staples.
Hipster central! It just reeks of pretension & just trying to be the coolest thing ever while denouncing being cool. Bar area is super narrow (worse than Coles). Waiters suck they are just rude. My waiter told me to order my food at the bar and then sit down. He brought me my food (which I paid for at the bar and yes my wings & lobster ravioli were good) but then he was shocked that I didn't leave him a tip! Here's a tip mr. I'm way too cool to be a good waiter because that's for the mainstream....... If you don't serve me I'm not tipping you. $5 for a well vodka and tea? Sorry dbgb but I can get that same liter of vodka that you use for less than $5. And there's always a cover for some very lame, awful band. I call this place heebie jeebies and I hope I never have to go back....
DBGB I believe is the gem of Buffalo's Allentown District. Good food, awesome beer selection, and a great music room. You will not be disappointed.
The bar is ok but the blonde douchebag bouncer couldn't be any more of a cheese Dick. He cut the lock off someone's bike that was locked to the outside railing so he could put a table there even though bars aren't supposed to put outside seating beyond the rail. It was crowded and hot so we went outside on the patio for some air he yelled unless you're smoking cigarettes you need to go inside or leave. The bike ended up being one of the waitresses that worked there and lucky for her it didn't get stolen even though he leaned it against a parking meter away from where it was. The bartenders were very attentive and friendly. The band was amazing. I believe it was the Andrew j reimers country punk extravaganza album release party. I hope that they don't fire that guy so I can lock my bike to the rail that has  no sign that says not to lock up there and punch him in the mouth. Other than that the place is awesome.
DBGB is pretty non-descript from the outside. I drove past it twice before I found the place. My review is for the food only. I came with my brother for dinner and we loved everything we ordered with one exception. Between the two of us, we had half a dozen raw oysters, fried squash blossoms, BBQ grilled salmon, and barbacoa tacos. The tacos were nothing to write home about. The seasoning was overwhelming to the point where I could taste only one note: spicy hot. No depth of flavor because it was drowned by the fire in my mouth. The squash blossoms were tasty, oysters, and salmon were delicious. The highlight of my meal were the oysters. Service was great. Our server was very attentive and made good suggestions though I wished she had given a heads up on the tacos.
First and foremost I LOVED THIS PLACE! Tonight was my first time foing here and I really liked it. Bow ne being in a wheelchair, this place was my choice early in the summer because it's the ONLY one with a ramp on Allen! Andwhen I got in there I almost was disheartened when I saw the dining/dance agrea level but thankfully my curiosity saved it. There was a ramp by the door of the patio. But anyway, the guy (wish i knew his name) served me excellently. Real patient since I didn't know much about everything. The wait time for my food was long but i personally didn't notice since I was watching people dance and mingle. Now for the food. IT WAS DELICIOUS!!!! I had an angus burger with cheese n bacon. Side of fries. That burger was on point. It was worth the 10...ultimately 12 $ I spent there. Pricy but so good food will keep you happy. And though I am a nonalcoholic drinker, I'm sure the drinks are good too. All in all, I say it's worth it. I went when it didn't get crazy yet. (10pm-12am basically) But this place is one of my new favorite spots. I can see myself coming to DBGBs in the future weekends! Oh! And the music was AWESOME!
