This is a great way to bond with your teammates! I want to point out the clues are very difficult! So make sure you put your heads together to figure out the clues. You'll be running around the city trying to take pictures. Try to do this on a nice day because you will get hot! Would recommend for a team of new people that need to get to know each other
Awesome team building experience. Energetic leaders, fun, engaging tasks and overall a great day!! Definitely book for corporations, teachers, any group you want to get to know each other through asking strangers to take their picture!
Great thing to do as a work team building event. Awesome time had by all (even in the rain!).
Very fun stuff!!!!! These guys are the best in the business I highly recommend it! It is a great team building experience!!!
Our office decided to offer this to us today during Staff Appreciation week.  I received an email letting us know a little bit about it, and that it was not an individual scavenger hunt, but a team hunt.  It was because of that that I opted to give it a try, because I could see it being a lot of fun with a team. I was not able to form my own team, but received an email back that I was added to a team and we were given the name, "The A-Team"... Da da da da DUN DUN DUN. We met up for about fifteen minutes to receive the instructions and learn how it would work, and soon left with our sheets and digital camera.  Within minutes we were snapping photos and talking with strangers on the street.  We were all laughing and having a great time.  We also were being very creative in ways to fulfill the photo items needed on the list. We all were running back before the end time, and met up with another team in the elevator, which was funny, as we all crammed in together. Our team will not know if we won anything until Friday, but we are all proud of what we did together and we all expressed having such a great time doing this together. One thing I will note though, is that the last two pages of the sheet may have provided extra bonus points for those who had smart phones and facebook and twitter pages and such, and not everyone will have that.  One person on our team did have a smart phone, but not a twitter page.  Is it right to ding players who do not all have the same technology?  Something to consider, and maybe it should be mentioned before everyone meets up that those who have smartphones should bring them.  Hopefully my delayed like, share, and review will still count as if I had a smart phone. Also, is it possible to buy a CD of the photos from our hunt together?
I have done scavenger hunts through cityHunt for the past three years as a part of a team builder with the high school students I teach.  It is a really fun way to engage students in creative thinking!  I also enjoy that we always do it in the West Village and Washington Square Park.  The kids always have a great time and the staff have always been really friendly and energetic.  I highly recommend them for school events.
CityHunt is a blast. Meeting new people, working together and competing while trying to accomlish all sorts of tasks...what can be better?  Fun scavenger hunting!
Awesome scavenger hunt! Great team building. This was well organized and a great experience
Any excuse to wear ridiculous outfits, meet new people, embarrass myself, and explore NYC is good with me! City Hunt is AWESOME!! - Kristin, Lauren, Claire, Diana, and Tony - Team 5 Golden Rings
The most fun you can have with complete strangers in Central Park. In broad daylight. Without getting arrested. Maybe. Loved it!
Plums mom beats her son! This was a lot if fun. Highly recommended. I have no idea how much it costs because I didn't pay
Best scavenger hunt I have ever been on.  Was in NYC visiting friends. I have been on many scavenger hunts through other companies and this one crushed them.   It was a blast.  The staff was so friendly and we met so many other people who were on the hunt.   I would recommend cityHUNt to anyone who is looking to have a great time with friends and/or wants to meet new people.  It also was a truly unique way to see the city.  I love this company and plan on doing more hunts in the future!
This was easily the best office outing we've ever done - even despite the 100 degree heat in NYC.  A team of folks who'd never worked together before at our office quickly teamed up, accomplished a ton of fun tasks in a short period of time, and had a great time while we were at it.  Tim and his team made it a great time and brought great spirit to the event.  Would definitely recommend.
I LOVE the photo scavenger hunt City Hunt hosted. I was part of 553 people (100 teams) that participated as part of the photo scavenger hunt one fine autum Saturday. The staff were full of energy and friendly. After the hunt, our team was approached by different staff members who seeked feedback. Good organization and lots of fun! I'll definitely be attending another city hunt adventure soon!
Love city hunt from Blueberry lemonade!
Ben and his team put together a super fun evening in San Francisco for the GSummit. I was one of the only locals and still managed to have a blast- even though I've done a number of scavenger hunts around the city with friends- this was a really cool way to get to know other folks at the summit (and I learned a few things about my city too). Was a good balance of trivia, interacting with folks and a few drinks. We didn't win, but our team all had a blast! A great service if you are coordinating an event and need a fun way to break the ice, or if you have a group visiting a new city.
cityHUNT Urban Adventures is the premeier public scavenger hunt in the city of New York. With over 10 years of experience, cityHUNT does it right. Sign up for our next hunt and have yourself a evening to remember!
While the scavenger hunt that they arranged for my group was quite well thought out, this company fails to meet the mark when it comes to timely responses or following through on their promises.  I paid for a CD of my photos from the end of the hunt and now 6 weeks after the hunt they haven't sent me my photos.  They advertised a multimedia show which they barely provided.  I'd stay away from doing business with this company as they advertise and promise far more than they can deliver upon.
This review will only stay five stars if her my iPad! But for real, I had a lot of fun. Good work team!
