The bf and I both took JP's beginner class yesterday - such a good experience! He totally knows his stuff and explains it in a way that you understand without having to memorize. I came in to the class honestly not knowing how to use my fancy camera, and left feeling much more confident about it all. I can't wait to put all the info he gave me to use! He is a great teacher, and a cool guy. He makes the 3 hour class fun!
JP and his classes are the real deal!  I can't wait until I go back on vacation so I can get to shooting.  The camera I have is a few years old and I was going to get an upgrade, but after learning all of the tools my camera has it's like I have a brand new one!
I had recently bought a DSLR style camera, and I wanted to know how to take better pics and get more use out of my camera.  I took the beginner class, and it definitely  helped make me feel more comfortable with the camera and gave me some good insight into taking better pics.  The only downside was that there were a ton of people in the class (easily more than 20) and it rained the entire time so we were only able to take pics indoors (which was just one room).  I think the class should have been rescheduled considering the weather.  But I did enjoy the class, and would definitely like to take the advance class when I have some more time.  JP did mention that the class size was unusually large, but he should definitely cut it down in the future to a more manageable size.
A few months ago, we got a fancy camera as a wedding gift. Unfortunately, we had no idea how to use it so on the rare occasions we took it out, we used it like we would a cheap point and shoot (i.e., on the auto setting). With a honeymoon to Asia around the corner we knew we needed to change that and JP's "how to use your camera - part 1" class was perfect. JP was funny, patient and knowledgeable and at the end of a fun 3 hours in Central Park, we left feeling like pros. I would highly recommend this class to anyone wanting a good foundation in photography and already can't wait to take JP's other classes!
JP is a TRUE and natural instructor.  I met with him for a basic instruction and he realized immediately that what I really needed was the fundamentals on digital direction.  He completely zeroed in on what I required and even wrote down simple references for later.  I have since referred JP to everyone I know because he can fill in gaps for someone who is knowledgable and take the very beginner and make them comfortable with the equipment! I love JP and plan on taking further instruction as needed!
JP is one of the most creative, generous professionals I know. He always finds the time to give help, even though he's crazy busy. He truly embodies his mission of helping others in the short term and long.. As a teacher he is warm, caring and extremely knowledgeable and knows how to bring out the creativity in his students, as I can personally vouch.
I was given a groupon for a class of JPs as a gift and recently took the beginner photography session. I brought a simple cannon Powershot and was very surprised to learn the many things my camera could do that I had no idea of before. JP is an excellent teacher and because he is also a  practicing professional photographer he has a lot of good experience to share. Definitely thought the class was a good gift and I would take another class of his again anytime.
I took JP's Beginner class this afternoon in Central Park and was amazed at all he crammed in to 2.5 hours. I've had a Nikon D40 for years, and while I've gotten pretty good at taking shots in Auto and Scene modes, I couldn't make heads or tails out of the Manual settings. Not a problem any longer! I learned and was immediately able to apply the concepts to my photography, and ended up with some great shots from the afternoon. JP's method of having you understand rather than memorize was just what I needed! And all of this conveyed with the distractions of the Steuben Parade and helicopters buzzing us...amazing.
I've taken the advanced and the night-time photography class.  I LOVED the advanced even though it was probably a little more advanced than I was ready for.  I'm going out of order and taking the beginner's last as that is how my schedule just worked out with his class schedule.  He's super knowledgable and very open to asking questions on and off the subject.  The nighttime photography class was good but I wish it had more teaching in it.  We spent over an hour of the class taking photos on our own without much review after.  I wish it had been more teaching for the majority of the 2 hours since I can practice on my own when I want.  That is my only recommendation.  Other than that, TAKE HIS CLASSES!  Everyone has something to learn from JP.
I took this class last weekend and i Highly recommended. I love the class, and he thought me some stuff about my camera that i didn't know about.
I took two of JP's classes this weekend (Nighttime and Advanced) in Central Park.  I learned a bunch a valuable information which I believe will make my photos better.  JP knows his stuff and is a wonderful teacher.  This made both classes well worth the money and time.
JP's classes are awesome!!  I've taken a private lesson and two group classes. Each time, I pick up on new golden nuggets of information. The photography on my cakes has improved a million times over, just in three sessions. Recently, JP recommended a new camera that would be perfect for me and what I am looking to accomplish with my photos. I cannot wait to buy it and take more classes so he can show me the nuances of the new model!!  Take a photography class with JP. You will learn something.
JP's courses are by far the most comprehensive and valuable for beginning and intermediate photographers.  JP is knowledgable, and has a keen ability to communicate concepts, skills, and vocabulary more clearly than any teacher I've met in college.  His attention to detail is what helps his students go the extra mile. You won't regret this class!
JP was great! Very easy to follow and great tips on improving photography skills.
I enjoyed every minute of JP's class...he has a very "zen" demeanor and keeps things relaxed and fun. I have a Canon G 12 and I am finally starting  to understand what my camera can do....I got some really nice shots during the class that I could never have taken before. Can't wait to take the night photography class!
I had a really fun day, very informative and very easy to feel comfortable in asking questions etc. Great class
A great photography class on Nov 5.  A great instructor I learned a lot ready to put the information to use and take good pictures.
My wife and I took the JP Teaches Photo introductory class via a LivingSocial promotion, and it was fantastic.  The class was equally valuable for students using a DSLR (me, for the first time) or for those using point-and-shoots like my wife, because JP walks you through what the various settings mean on all kinds of cameras and how you can use them to take significantly better pictures. He was very thorough, covering a lot of ground in a couple hours, but reduced otherwise complicated material into a handful of easily-remembered principles.  We're going to go back for the night photography class as soon as I get a tripod.
I bought a Groupon for a nighttime photography class with JP.  The class far exceeded my expectations.   JP is very patient with students of all skill sets.  I've taken other classes where it appears as though the instructors can't be bothered by the questions asked by amateur photographers....JP is so encouraging & approachable.   The class itself was quite creative & I learned how to finally take a good photo a night!!  I enjoyed JP's class so much that I signed up for another.   I highly recommend JP Teaches if you are looking to learn basic photography skills (as well as more advanced skills).
I just bought a DSLR camera so I can take better pictures. Nothing fancy, just want to have good vacation photos, etc. I did film photography years ago but have forgotten most things so I wanted a quick re-introduction to basic camera settings. I took the Beginners I class which covers exposure compensation, shutter speed, and aperture settings. I now feel confident I can use these settings appropriately using JP's intuitive lessons. JP says no memorizing allowed and it's true-there's nothing to memorize it's just a simple way of thinking about how to use your camera.  There were complete novices and people with point and shoots in the class so it covers a broad range. I will be taking more of JPs classes in the future.
I've owned a Canon Rebel DSLR (fancy camera speak for one of those large cameras that take really good pictures) for about 7 years now, and I'm sad to say that I still don't know completely how to use it. I usually leave it on auto, occasionally venturing to manual when I have something specific in mind. For the most part I've been happy with it, because it takes killer photos even on auto, but with an upcoming trip to Thailand/South Korea (it's okay, you can be jealous), I wanted to up my game. I came across JP Teaches Photo through the deals site Zozi a few weeks back. They were (and are still...GET ON THIS PEOPLE!) running a special where you get a free "adventure" just for signing up, and more free adventures for signing up your friends (zozi.me/11yrvxX). I opted for the adventure photo class in Central Park as a way to brush up on my camera skills and have a wonderful evening in the process. Our group of 6 students and 2 instructors met on the west side of the park on a perfect Sunday evening. The impending rain gave way to beautiful sunshine which streaked in sideways as the sun sank toward the horizon. Paul, a professional photographer/lighting designer and self-described "bro," led us through various exercises designed to get us used to motion photography as well as techniques to help us with landscape and wildlife photography. JP, who's specialty is in helping people use their cameras, stood by to answer specific questions like "how can I make the background lighter/darker?" or "where is that button on my [insert pretty much any camera you can think of]?" The most awesome part of the entire class was when Cartman the skateboarding bulldog and his owner passed by just after we talked about stop motion photography. I was so happy I had my camera in hand, ready to go. The two hours flew by too quickly, but I learned so much, and only whet my appetite for learning more. I may or may not have also signed up for the beginner class in August :)
I've taken some terrific photos in my life...completely by accident.  I finally decided to learn the basics, so I went straight to the top:  JP.  Mind you, I didn't even have a digital camera (save for my pocket-size one). I brought an old Canon 35mm film camera to the class.  JP is an excellent teacher: he is extraordinarily patient with even the dumbest questions, and explains everything thoroughly, demonstrating as he goes. If you're still confused, he will repeat the information and work alongside you until you get it. Personally, he is charming and has a good sense of humor. Best of all, though, is that he's highly knowledgeable about this subject and he clearly enjoys sharing that knowledge.  That is the best asset any teacher brings to the learning process--the true enjoyment of sharing. I loved this class, and you will too. Don't hesitate!
I felt kinda of shy about the fact that the only thing I could do with my digital camera was point and click. Even then, if I somehow veered off into another function or mode I would have to turn the camera on and off in order to get back to the automatic setting. After just one hour with JP, I not only learned how to use many of my camera's functions, but I understood how cameras worked and where these functions came from. JP will teach you in a way that sticks with you because you get a basic understanding about what the camera is doing, as opposed to having to remember tricks or tips. He uses stories and visuals to help you really "get" it. A week later I was in Paris taking beautiful pictures, playing with the "City of Lights" in a way I never would have imagined I could. Again, after just ONE hour with him...what a superstar teacher. Thanks JP!
First of all, a photography class where u're actually in Central Park learning and practicing right away.  JP was able to simplify the concepts of exposure, aperture and shutter speed at 3 different locations.  He also had us take sample pictures where he was available to critique and correct.  JP was extremely generous with his advice and emphasizes that his students can always use him a a photography resource in the future as well.
It's absolutely ridiculous and I am thoroughly embarrassed to say that I used to work at a photo shop for almost two years and I still was not sure what the shutter/aperture and ISO were!! No doubt I am a slow learner and not so good at paying attention but nonetheless I was determined, as a person that truly appreciates photography and aspiring to become a decent photographer, to learn some basics of the technical side of photography. I felt very lucky to have gotten the Groupon deal for How Do I Use My Camera Part I & II classes. First off, JP is friendly, patient and has a good sense of humor (all of which are necessary in a good teacher). I took both classes the same Saturday in Central Park and I feel like that day a whole new world of photography was opened to me! I feel silly that I never used (or even thought about) the functions that we learned about in the two classes, and even kinda regretful of not taking his class earlier! (How many would-be spectacular shots have I missed due to my incredible ignorance?) Additionally, it was fascinating for me to see all that my camera can do that I have never taken advantage of... Nevertheless, I'm not gonna complain, better late than never. I would recommend these classes for people who want to learn the basics of the technicalities of photography (on their specific camera) to assist the beginner's class, then take the more advanced one afterwards. I wouldn't recommend taking the second class unless you know the basics (namely exposure compensation, shutter and aperture) because you probably won't get as much out of it without having a proper foundation. JP is extremely knowledgeable about the field of photography and I would highly, highly recommend his class! *Extra bonus* helpful for those of us, like me, that have a horrible memory, after class he provides us with "cheat sheets" about the information that we focused on. I am looking forward to taking more of his classes, apparently, I badly need to learn how to take night pictures as mine always seem to come out horribly so I am especially excited about the night one, it seems awesome!!
I took a free class from JP at EMS a while back and super happy with how he patiently helped me learn the ins and outs of my point and shoot. He was great with the group but able to focus on each of us for personal questions as well. So happy to have had this intro to his class and would definitely take his class when I am back in NYC.
learned so much about how to use my nice camera.  JP is a great teacher, very patient, and no question is to dumb.  Even better, I've been able to remember & use the new info he taught me since class.  Would recommend this to anyone hoping to better understand how to use their camera or to take better pictures.
I have now taken both of the intro classes with JP. I highly recommend taking classes with him if you are interested in bumping up your photography skills. He makes it very easy to understand how to use all of your camera functions and what it all means. Part one of his class is great for anyone who just bought a slr and doesn't know how to use the manual settings. Part 2 goes further into more advanced settings and understand how to deal with certain lighting situations. He takes you around Central Park and uses a hands on approach to taking great photos.
I took the Part 1 class using my Living Social voucher on June 28, 2014. I bought myself a DSLR for Christmas and had barely touched it because I didn't want to just use the Auto mode, I wanted to understand how to use it. JP definitely helped with that and more. Since taking the class I've been obsessed with my camera; I carry it everywhere and have taken hundreds of pictures. I'm not afraid to play or experiment with it.  JP helped me understand the creative modes on my Canon, what they meant, how and when to use them. He was very patient with our small group (about 12 of us), spoke clearly, and was very open to any and all questions we had about our cameras, lenses, and photography in general. At the end he gave us the opportunity to buy vouchers for his other classes at a discounted rate. I bought one and am looking forward to taking it later this year.
Had the opportunity and pleasure to take the Intro Part 1 class with JP this beautiful evening. Left central park with a new found confidence and excitement to take pictures of everything! JP you have a charisma to teach and explain photography in a way that is super easy for us rookies to understand. It was a pleasure to take your class. I'll be looking forward to taking the rest. Thanks again!!
Took my first JP photography class today with my cousin and we both loved it! JP is great teacher who made the class fun and interested with just the right touch of techie terms. We both learned a lot and we can't wait to begin practicing what we learned today.  We will be taking more classes with JP really soon. We both would definitely recommend taking a photography class with JP.
After taking his part I beginner class, will luckily never look at my camera the same way... or my pictures more importantly! I loved JP's teaching style. It didn't make me feel like I was in a class at all and he removed any pressure to memorize which I loved (since I'm one to naturally start doing so). He is obviously extremely knowledgable and it went so smoothly. I am definitely going to take his part II class. I didn't sign up for it right after only because I feel like I need some time for all of the info to sink in and practice it a bit beforehand. If you're looking for a fun day in Central Park and a no-pressure way to use your camera better, definitely take this class.
I am a plastic surgeon opening a new office in the West Village.  I wanted to learn how to take high quality before and after photos... but I didn't want to spend weeks on a course covering every aspect of photography.  Thank goodness for Lydia, who took me step by step through understanding what I needed to know (and nothing I didn't) about my fancy camera.  She also helped me choose the best software for color correction and archiving.  That alone would have been a multi-hour long research project had I undertaken that on my own.  The private lesson was worth every penny.  Lydia's teaching was effective, concise, and practical.  She exceeded all expectations.
I have to say if your a first time photographer looking to take your camera off automatic. JP Teaches Photo offers a class called "How do I use my camera part 1" NICK the excellent photography instructor made it easy to take pictures adjusting exposure, aperture and playing with shutter speed. Nicks explanations and analogies made it easy to understand how to make adjustments when trying to get specific shots. There was no memorization needed. Everything was hands on. Nick made sure everyone was on the same page and helped them with any corrections if needed. I can go on and on about how great this class is for a first time user. Take the class and expand you photography knowledge. Trust me you won't regret it.
Fiance & I took his Intro Part 1 class yesterday. From the beginning exercise before the classroom instruction (non-snow days mean this portion is hosted in Central Park), the level of individual attention, practical examples to allow students to realize the theories deeply & the precise crisp yet humorous answers were very comforting about an otherwise stressful topic. JP's individual care, precise and very effective teaching method (reinforcing the theoretical with an immediate individual exercise, reminders to feel not memorize, practical tips for actually using taught lessons immediately) & careful explanations refined over years of teaching make this photo class uniquely effective. I highly vouch for the shared enjoyment of photography as the spirit vs rote memorization, clarity, thoughtful presentation, practical outcomes & overall teaching effectiveness.
I have taken 4 of JP classes and already prepaid for another.  Every time I walk in to central park I get a sense I am in a special place and with JP I now have the skills to capture it.  JP teaches in a sense that does not make you feel like a camera dummy but in a way to break down the simplicity of a seemingly complicated system.  JP teaches you the key facts in the beginner class and expands with lighting adjustments in the advanced. If you would like to spend your day outside in stead of a stuffy classroom then sign up for his class!
JP is a really great instructor! He uses simple analogies to help you understand your camera and his (dry) sense of humor keeps you engaged throughout the session. At the end of class, he invited everyone to send him questions and even pictures that aren't coming out the way you want it to and he'll guide on you what you're doing wrong. I really appreciated that about him! The two classes I took were: how to use my camera 1 & 2. I found the first one to be really informative and practical. The second one was interesting but not as mind blowing and useful as the first one. I hear really good things about his night time class that I may take.
I've been taking photography classes from several instructors over the past 5 years. JP is BY FAR the best instructor I've found. His promise to teach intuitive use of aperture and shutter speed was fulfilled. Exactly the approach I've been searching for! I highly recommend "How Do I Use My Camera - Part I" So looking forward to "Part II."
As someone who wanted to jump into the world of photography, and just bought a brand new dslr, JP's class was exactly what I needed. I took all three of his classes, the beginner's, advanced, and nighttime photography. The were all excellent. The beginner's was perfect to try and understand how the basic functions of a camera works. Advanced gave me a better understanding of my camera. And the nighttime/long exposure class was just a fun class that I learned so much from. I highly recommend JP's class if you're new to photography.
Attended the beginner class this weekend with my boyfriend. We shared a DSLR which was no problem during the lesson. The class was fun and very informative - I feel much more empowered to use my very expensive camera, which is exactly what I was looking for from this lesson. JP is a great teacher, very patient and helpful. Would definitely recommend!
I've never been able to understand the manual controls on my camera and this class was the perfect intro into finally understanding aperture and shutter speed. JP is super clear and seems to know how every camera works. His whole focus is to liberate you so you can start taking great pictures right away rather than getting hung up on jargon or persnickity rules about correct ways to take a picture. I'm going to Spain in a couple of days and I'm excited to be able to practice what I learned and take some beautiful pictures of my trip. And I'll definitely be signing up for his advanced class and his new class on lighting when  I get back!
My brother's wife and I took JP's beginner photography class yesterday in Central Park, and I have to say it was more enjoyable than I could have imagined. Not only did I learn a tremendous amount about my new Canon Rebel camera (without memorizing a thing), I also laughed a significant amount the entire time. We found JP to be hilarious, witty, and overall impressive. His knowledge was obvious from the start, and within 15 minutes, she and I realized the class had already paid for itself. It was a gorgeous day, with only a couple of rain showers - we got lucky for early May. The class was well organized, well paced, and three hours was the perfect amount of time to really understand the basics. There were about 16 people in our class and I didn't ever feel neglected. JP is a born teacher - he explains things in ways that are easy to understand with the use of analogies and humor - without you feeling like a dummy. Would highly recommend this class! Thanks, JP - my sis and I had a lovely day and look forward to putting our new knowledge to work!
Thanks to Groupon, I took the beginner class and the advance class over the summer with JP. JP is the perfect teacher - He's inspiring and knowledgeable.  He'll give you the science of the camera/light/photography and then tell you what it means in layman's terms. You also get the chance to take photos using the techniques and see his examples on his iPad. Here's what I learned -- Beginner Class: - What auto does to your photos (the middle gray effect) - The basics of shutter speed, aperture, & exposure - The difference between motion blur and background blur Advance Class: - How to take photos in a low light (indoor/cloudy) setting - The basics of ISO, white balance, flash settings I had read blogs and books about photography in the past so I had some basic knowledge of how to use my SLR. The beginner class helped clear up some of my questions. I noticed that totally newbies struggled a little bit with all of the different settings. They had information overload. I'm not sure how good the class is for the point and shoot photographers because I was too busy figuring out what to do on my SLR camera. Hopefully, they gained just as much insight as I did! The only downside of the classes is that they include a lot of people. I think there are about 15-20 people in the class? Right after the class, I decided to purchase the night photography class that JP offered for 20% off. I can't wait to take that class!
I took JP's night photography class in Central Park.  For beginners and people with very little knowledge of photography, this was probably an awesome class.  For someone with a bit more experience, I don't think it's worth it.  A decent number of people in the class were using a point and shoot, so a lot of time was spent explaining the basics of photography (e.g. shutter speed vs. aperture).   The best part of the class was the locations we shot from.  The Bethesda Terrace is where the class ends, and is certainly a great place to go for this sort of thing.  en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Be…
Hi JP,  It was wonderful taking your class on saturday October 5.  You are a great teacher and gave personnel attention even thou it was a fairly large class. I will recommend you to anyone that needs a photography lesson. Thanks again, Henry Florsheim
JP is a fantastic instructor.  I highly recommend taking his class.  I took the "how do I use my camera? Part 1" class which gave an excellent overview of things like aperture and shutter speed.  What makes the class great is his accessible and engaging way of teaching.  He does not get caught up in definitions and memorization, and explains things so that any human being can absorb and understand .  Usually, I am a note taking kind of person, but I did not take a single note in this class and came away with a  great understanding of my camera.  I am now much more comfortable using my camera and am really excited about how much this one class has improved my confidence and abilities.   Take his class, you will learn a lot from him.
I took JP's beginner photo class last weekend in Central Park, and got value out of it within the first five minutes.  I have a Nikon DX 3000 that I have been using on automatic settings for the past year.  JP talked through some pretty complex topics in a way that made them much easier to understand.  After taking the class, I have a better grasp on what "levers" are available to pull on a given shot, which I think is a great place to start.  I plan to take his advance class to solidify my learnings, and just get more practice working with the concepts. JP is hilarious; he has a very dry, deadpan sense of humor that will have you laughing as you stumble through tough concepts.  He is also so generous; I had a friend cancel last minute, and he didn't make me feel bad about it, or seem at all upset.  He also offered to help us via email after the class, which is AMAZING.  I actually emailed him from an event that I was at on Friday, in distress related to something having to do with my camera, and he responded within the hour.  So nice! Enjoy the class!!
I found out about JP through Groupon and since I read good reviews about him, I decided to give his beginner's class a try. I've been taking pictures for years but I wanted a class to really GET the concepts and improve my pics. JP does an excellent job in doing that in a group setting. For his class you don't really need a DSLR. I have a Canon G11 and it was perfect for his class. Others in the class had compact cameras and he was still able to work with those individuals. JP is knowledgeable, patient and natural teacher. He breaks down the concepts for people like me to understand. We all met a the Metropolitan Museum of Art and then headed over to Central Park. It was a great place to meet, which made for a relaxed setting. I will definitely try his night time class.
I bought a LivingSocial deal for a class with JP. I chose the nighttime photography class because it sounded like a unique offering. Plus, I was terrible at taking night shots, but that's just another story altogether. I can't stress enough what a great time I had during the course. We explored several beautiful spots in Central Park and I learned a lot about how best to take photos at night. JP answered all the questions that were asked during the class and on top of it all, I came home with some amazing shots. I got so addicted that I stayed in the park by myself for an extra hour after the class to take more pictures. I highly recommend this class!
Just had an awesome beginnner's class with JP. I've taken photography classes before - and they were all classroom settings, where I would just take notes and never fully understand how to apply anything. JP strictly tells his students not to memorize, but to understand. We walked around central park, taking pictures as we learned. He also allows you to ask personal questions about photography as you're walking (def. should take advantage of this if you have any questions). It was also interesting to see many students with simple point-and-shoot cameras. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
Fantastic photography class for the novice-thorough and thoughtful, knowledgeable, but not stiff or arrogant, JP is a great instructor. You leave the class armed with a few, key lessons (I can adjust the light now!!) that will make a significant difference in your shots. The only room for improvement might be a smaller class. I think we were about 12 people, and fewer students might've made for more hands-on help. Very excited to have found JP, and I can't wait to sign up for another class!
I am very disappointed that JP doesn't teach algebra or how to clean your room.  He is an amazing teacher with expansive knowledge of photography and cameras.  Did I mention he is an amazing teacher?? I stumbled on a groupon for a beginner class for the weekend we were in NYC.  Got it for my 13 year old son, who is just getting into photography, but also has the attention span of a puppy.  Fingers crossed....   JP was there, and as he signed people in it was clear that he knew how to set and use every camera there.  He was friendly and easy to talk to.   After the class, I asked my son how it was.  "Fine", he said with a shrug..... ugh, teenagers.....   and then he spent the next few hours trying (in vain) to explain all the cool things he had learned, and all the things he wanted to try.  Not only did JP teach him how to use his camera - so many buttons!!!! -  but how to use it well.   I can't list out what he learned... way over my head.  But I can tell you that he managed to inspire a teenager to learn more.  That alone was worth the full price.   JP, next time we are up in the city, we will be back for another class.  Thank you!!!
I had the beginner and advanced photo class last weekend, one after the other, and they were both very informative and helpful.  They seem short but the way JP teaches made sense and made it easy and to quickly learn a lot in a short amount of time.  He was very professional but also had a good sense of humor. I've taken a college photography class before so I knew some of the basics already, but it had been a while and I forgot some things.  This was a really good review and I learned a few more things.  It was great to be outside in Central Park also, even though we had a to hide a little when it started raining, but I never felt my time was getting wasted even then.
I just bought my DSLR 2 days before taking the beginners class. The class was just perfect for me, as I had no idea about how to use the camera. The only thing I knew was to push the full automatic button. JP's class was excellent. He taught us the basic functions using simple words and exercises. I highly recommend this beginner's class to everybody who is not familiar with photography! Thank you JP!
Prior to this class, I was one of those people who just used my IPhone to take pictures (sacrilege, I know).  I took the new outdoor adventure photography class in Central Park and the class opened my eyes to the world of photography.  Like rather than having second rate photos or trying to photoshop pictures afterwards, in layman's terms, the class teaches you things like how to program your camera to adjust the brightness of the photo, catch moving objects (like a skateboarding dog that day) using the shutter speed or time value feature, create a blurry background with crisp subject in the foreground by varying the aperture feature, and actually using what you learned to make adjustments to the camera programming to improve photos while you are taking them.  I hadn't realized the world of photography lets you like take better pictures by using your creativity to adjust your camera for the picture you are trying to capture and essentially engage in "photoshopping" photos even before or while you are taking them . . . Maybe we lucked out but there were only six students in our class, including two students who already seemed to be very advanced photographers who also had their own knowledge to share (like using a separate flash bulb to just enhance the subject of the photo and infrared cameras that also capture infrared light for photos), and both instructors, JP Pullos and Paul came out to teach the class so we were rather spoiled.  Paul did a great job of teaching the class in a way that was very fun, dynamic and interactive and JP Pullos did a great job answering questions and helping students who were struggling more than the others.  ;P Everyone was very cool and after the class some of us hanged out to talk about cameras more and just talk about people's experiences with photography in general so if you are looking for a photography community the classes are a great place to meet like-minded people who share your hobby as well.  The class felt less like a class but more like a group adventure with a cool group of photography enthusiasts which made for a really fun and unique way to spend a Sunday.
This class was fun and very educational, I'm a first time EOS camera user and I felt that the class really helped me get a better grasp of my new camera. Also, JP was a great teacher, I never felt silly asking questions no matter how mundane they seemed. I enjoyed this class so much that I decided to take his night time class as well.
A friend and I have taken a few classes now with JP and we would never take a class with any other instructor at this point.  JP has the patience of a saint, and explains everything so no matter how advanced or beginner you are, you understand it exactly!  You also see great results in the pictures you take from the beginning of class to the end of class!  I would highly recommend taking a course through JP to anyone!
I took both the beginner and advanced classes back to back last weekend.  JP takes his time to make sure you understand what he's teaching.  He does it in a way that you'll never forget.  It's helped tremendously in understanding functions of my camera.  I can't wait to utilize what I've learned :-) Thanks JP!
