Great Father's Day gift! As you get inside, there is a tv and a few model helicopters where they do the teaching session. Reservation and groupon were definitely worth it! The pilots and ground staff were excellent! Safety is truly their main concern here. They have a Segway, a ping pong table, chairs to watch as the R22's land and take off, and even a grill/picnic area! Don't bring kids unless you want to wait outside the general area(but you can watch with your kid from beside a fence as two couples did). Amazing experience and I would definitely consider going back to get my piloting license with these guys! They even give you a certificate that says you have learned the basics of helicopter flight school! Make sure you have at least two and a half hours set aside! They even have a bootleg way to let you bring your mobile device in the 'copter! I will recommend to all!
Terrible experience, sorry guys! I bought the Living Social deal ("helicopter lesson for 2") as a gift for my dad. By the way this is misleading because we didn't actually have the lesson together, we flew in separate helicopters. I was kinda bummed about that. We were the first people to arrive for the 2pm lesson. We sat through an incredibly boring 1/2-hr safety lesson (but necessary, and the teacher was major eye-candy), then waited about 1 1/2 hours watching everyone else go on their helicopter rides. Somehow we made it to the bottom of the list (if you buy overpriced add-ons, you jump to the top of the list, but only 1 person bought the add-on. How did we slip to the bottom of the list after having arrived first?). I was the dead last person to ride and was told I'd be given "extra time" because I waited so long. That sounded good to me. But, no, my lesson was actually CUT SHORT so that they could start the next group on time. The flight experience was cool, but I feel like I was screwed over. My dad had a nice time so that's why the 2 stars (otherwise, it would have been 1-star). My advice: don't waste your time with these guys!
This was such an amazing experience. The staff was more than professional. They were experts, helpful, and courteous. The training was great and used humor and props to convey serious professional messages. They provided a comfy space and the equipment seemed top of the line. Our only complaint was that the owner was screaming and yelling at the staff at points where it seemed as trivial as headphone preference. The staff handled themselves well, but it was a discourtesy to not only us, but to our perception of how the great staff was treated. I would recommend that he does not mix with customers or that he uses different ways of communicating everyone altogether.
What a great experience!! I surprised my boyfriend with a flight for his birthday, and it made for SUCH a great day. All the staff was very professional and safe, and it was so cool to be able to fly!! My pilot was great, even when I was nearly panicking up in the sky. The flight was only 25 min, but even before entering the helicopters we were able to hang out in the hanger playing ping pong and riding the Segway. I would definitely recommend the extended time, even with 25 min it felt like 10 min, thought the flight of two wasn't really worth it. We did it to try to get photos, which was a total fail. We didn't try it, but I also heard the high impact(?) flying wasn't worth it, but definitely get the extended time! Also, plan to be there about two hours, though we were second to last in our grouping.
It was a nice experience but a bit short... there is no real time scheduled so you'll wait more time for flying that the real flying time. In addition some option have a price but in order to buy those option you have to buy other option and it is not written.. For exemple if you want to do a 360 loop you have to buy the 10 minutes extra time. In addition don't expect to have a clear view of Manthan it is still very far away. I can thanks the hosts who were very friendly. I checked in there and it was sais i could have free drinks, free wifi and a free ride on the floor : the wifi and the drinks were already free and the helicopter tour on the floor no more possible. Better change the "deal" in order not to be desapointed
How many people do you know who have even been in a helicopter? Well, after Core you will be 10xs cooler, because you will have actually FLOWN a helicopter! I bought a living social voucher to pilot a helicopter for my bf's birthday, and they really made it special for him. (Thank you Core! I got huge brownie points!) To kick off the flight, Nam gave a short safety lesson. It was both hilariously entertaining and informational, I learned a lot even though I wasn't the one flying. They also have top of the line helicopters and equipment. During the flight, my bf said his flight instructor was very friendly and knowledgeable. Because it was warm, they ripped the doors off the helicopters which was even more awesome! Core offers various add-on options to your flight: -Extended flight ($65) - adds 10 minutes to your flight time -Advanced air maneuvers ($25) - S turns and other crazy stuff -Hover challenge ($20) - if you can hover the helicopter for 30 seconds, your flight is free **TIP: My suggestion would be to definitely get the extended flight. Take-off and landing (done by the instructors) cut into your flight time significantly, so getting the extended flight option increases the time you get to actually fly the plane by 2-3xs. This is an amazing experience, you will not regret it! I see them having deals periodically, so you should definitely get it if you see one. I kind of regret not buying a voucher for myself and will probably snag another one when I see it!
I highly recommend this place!! They were so helpful with our appointment, my husband had a lesson and loved it. Would used them again very soon!
I took an introductory flight based on a Living Social deal. Short story: I enjoyed it, I thought the crew was great, and I plan to go back. I've flown a Cessna before, but I've just been in a helicopter before, not flown one. As a result, I had some expectations and some comparative experiences. 1. When you arrive, you do some ground instruction with the other people in your session. We came in a little late because we got lost, but it was fine. Nam did the lesson, and he's pretty cool. Very chill.   Ground instruction briefly touches on the helicopter controls and what they do. In contrast, ground instruction for a small plane usually concentrates on exteriors - the name of the parts, how you check if they're functioning, if you have enough gas, etc. There was none of that in any of my heliflight session. It was all about how to actually fly the thing and not get your head chopped off. 2. Set aside 2 hours for the experience. Our scheduled time was 10:30 but I didn't fly until after 12. This is because we do a lesson, sign some paperwork, and then there are only two helicopters. I got the 6th flight, which meant that at least 30 minutes passed before I was flying. This wait wasn't much of an issue because the crew is pretty friendly. They played music, fired up the grill, and chatted with us. They're friendly guys on the younger side. The guy who did my Cessna lesson was an older man, probably someone's dad. In contrast, the heliflight guys were probably in their 30s. They remind me of the crew I paraglided with in California. They're laid back and enjoy their jobs (that day, at least). They make great hot dogs and dance to the music, even if it's an awful 15 minute remix of Take On Me. I asked Nam a few questions about how far he's flown, gas costs, etc, and he was happy to answer them. 3. My flight was 10-15 minutes. I opted not to take an Extended Flight because I wasn't sure how much I'd like it. I really regretted that! These helicopters are so amazing.. the smoothest take-off and landing and hovering.. like driving the best car you've ever been in. Such a difference from a small plane. Heaven. I would gladly be flown around Wayne, NJ for hours in this thing. I don't care if I'm the pilot! It's just zen-like. My small plane experience was a bit of a pain because the cabin isn't pressurized, and I really felt it in my ears at 2,000 feet, but the helicopter didn't bother me as much. Flying a helicopter is more difficult than flying a plane, though. The helicopter is guided by a cyclic or pressure-responding knob. A plane has a steering wheel so it's more obvious how to control it. I did not at all get a good handle on how to turn the helicopter. I wasn't sure if I was doing it, or the pilot was, or if I was just lucky. In addition, the helicopter always wants to spin to the left because that's how the rotors are turning. It is fighting against you when you want to turn right. Because of all this, you really need more time in the air to understand the controls. 4. You get an official-looking FAA certificate verifying your flight time.  It's a nice momento.
I bought the introductory flight from Living Social as a way to cross something off my bucket list. From the second I arrived, I knew this was something I was going to love. The hangar is a cool little hangout (despite being only semi-finished at the point). Inside the hangar, we were given a short presentation on how the helicopter works, how to fly them, and what the controls all do. Nam gave a great explanation about how everything worked. Then, he quickly explained all of the add-ons which I was immediately sold on. After spending only $99 on the Living Social deal, I had no problem spending an extra $60 for 10 more minutes of flight time (that's 10 minutes at the controls!) and $25 to be shown some advanced maneuvers like high banked S-turns, hover-360 and a Quick-Stop in mid-air. We flew out over East Jersey State Prison in Rahway on our way over the Outerbridge Crossing and around the southern tip of Staten Island. On our way, the instructor Luis showed me some of the high-banked S-turns. He looked over, to make sure I was still smiling and really showed me what the helicopter was capable of. Since the weather was so nice, we flew with my door off and I had a birds eye view of some amazing sights before turning around and heading home. Mind you, this whole time I was being talked through maneuvering the helicopter. We flew along the NJ Turnpike (which I was immediately glad I wasn't sitting in shorebound traffic) before heading home. I was sad to see the flight come to an end, but once we returned to the airport, Luis performed a mid-air quick stop and did a 360 while hovering. Once we landed, I was greeted by a smiling ground crew, who I immediately started asking about how to approach getting licensed. I'll be back one day to get my license from Core Helicopters. However, in the mean time, I have a certificate that proves my completion of the introductory flight. My $99 bucket list item has become a future passion of mine, which I can't wait to start flying again!
I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants to get into flying helicopters. Nam runs a very friendly operation and has toys such as a segway to keep you entertained while waiting for your flight. The segway is a fun experience for those who haven't ever tried one out. I took an introductory lesson and didn't get the extended flight option because I was unsure of how much I would like it but the extended flight and advanced maneuvers is highly recommended after experiencing the basic flight.
I found out about the school through living social. Getting there was easy, just followed the directions on the website. Upon arriving at the hangar  and going inside I felt like  I was in a "pimped" out bachelor pad. Very modern and stylish decor with lots of cool expensive toys to enjoy while you wait for your flight instruction. Before flying, there is a short but informative presentation given by what seemed to be the owner.  Once that is out of the way, who goes first is selected in random order (unless you get the flight for 2 option).   I was one of the first to go, my flight was with a female instructor in the yellow helicopter. This was my first time in a helicopter.  It's something I always thought about doing and I'm glad I did.   I was a bit scared at first but the instructor was really helpful and made me feel like everything was under control at all times. I got to take the controls for like 7 minutes or so, which was more than enough for a n00b like me.   Extended flights are available for purchase, though I opted not get any extended flight time options, just the basics.   It was more than enough for the first time though.  Afterwards I was given an official certificate of FAA Awareness training for the R22 helicopter.  Very cool.   I left wanting to come back. I'll definitely take another lesson.  Who knows, I may end up being a pilot one day.
I originally bought this as a living social gift for my boyfriend, but he wasn't  able to use it by the expiration date, so I went in his place. I had already taken a helioopter lesson with another outfit in the past. This place was fantastic. The lesson was easy to understand, the instructors were knowledgable but funny and friendly, and they offered an option of type of flights. I went for the adrenaline option and had a blast. Even better I was thrilled as an adventurer to see a female helicopter pilot. Loved it. They even had a bbq for us while we were waiting our turns to fly. If you are looking for something unique to give someone for the holidays this is it. And tell them the fast talker, Fran sent ya.
Loooong overdue review. I came in February and had an amazing experience with Core Heli. I had bought a coupon deal and drove from NYC to the airport (smooth and fast ride btw). Once there, I also purchased the extended flight which allows for the instructor to impress you with very cool, gravity defying moves.   The flight was very smooth, beautiful scenery from up there and they give you hands-on control pretty quickly in the air. Crew is super nice and makes you feel safe. Disclaimer: As much as I enjoyed the overall experience, they let you go by telling you that if you write a nice review on Yelp (i.e 5-stars review), they'll offer you a free flight. So -1 star for the bribing.
Do me a favor and treat yourself to this wonderful experience. If I don't live so far away I'd do it once a week. Great fun, great experience, wonderful people. It's closest you can get to "soaring tumbling and free wheeling on a magic carpet ride." With other thrills like sky diving costing 350 bucks nowadays... just stay in the sky for a third of the cost and twice the fun. Do it now!
Bought a living social voucher for this place, and had a blast.  Sat thru a short safety presentation first, Nam is a funny dude.  Then we were able to purchase different upgrades to the standard flight option if we wanted to, before taking our turns in the helicopters.  They are small two seaters and we were able to fly with the doors off since it was so hot outside, which was very cool.  They had a ping pong table and a segway to play with while you waited your turn.
Going into this situation I was nervous and excited, all in one. I would have never though that I would be allowed to fly a helicopter. At least, not without serious training. I was wrong about that. You enter the sleepy little airport in Lincoln Park, NJ and are greeted by Heli Flights's very friendly staff. It felt like I was on some island resort with their warm nature and it was a frigid day. This certainly helps ease the anxiety of lifting off in a helicopter and taking command of the "cyclic control stick". Don't worry, it's quite liberating once you get the hang of it. The staff gives some basics about the controls and a few rules which takes about 20-30 minutes and then you are off. The R-22 helicopters are made for two people, so it's the instructor and you. Bring your camera so that you can show off to your Facebook friends. I was waiting for people to ask what I did this past weekend. Oh...I just flew a helicopter! Go for it! It's one of those experiences that you won't forget.
Recently went on a Core-Heli excursion in September. I had originally purchased the coupon to Core-Heli while it was located in Lincoln Park, NJ. Unfortunately I was not able to book in time. The staff was really professional and easy going about everything and I enjoyed my flight thoroughly. The flight itself was a lot of fun. Not as good as skydiving (I am an adrenaline junkie) but definitely worth it if you do it over LivingSocial. Definitely recommend this experience. DO IT!
This is an updated review.  In my older one I rated Heli Flights 2 stars because of a lack of follow up regarding a flight certificate we were supposed to get, but never received after multiple attempts to contact them. We have since been contacted by Heli Flights. They apologized for us "slipping through the cracks." I got a couple of emails assuring me that we would get what we have been waiting for, and even got a phone call apologizing for the delay.  The certificate was hand-delivered directly to my mailbox today! I am pleased to say that despite being a busy small business, once they realized how long I've waited and the multiple contact attempts they were very responsive and apologetic about the oversight.  As I wrote in the previous review, given our very positive flight experience we were kind of surprised over this whole mishap, but they went above-and-beyond to resolve this positively for us. I'm now very happy with their service and would fly with them again, especially now that I know how well they treat their customers once the upper management gets wind of a situation.  Thank you Heli Flights!
My friend and I did the introductory lesson, flight-for-two, and extended time options.  First of all, everyone there is as nice as can be.  The person that did our instructional orientation did a fine job in managing our expectations regarding the introductory flight.  The other guys on the ground were extremely attentive and pleasant.  We got the impression that they were there because they LOVE flying, and they were eager to share that enthusiasm with the rest of us. By the time I got into the helicopter to fly I wasn't nervous at all, but was really excited about giving this a try.  Takeoff was really cool - these things get moving effortlessly and climbing fast wasn't scary at all, but it was exciting (I have an issue with heights, but this didn't bother me at all). The actual flying part where I took the controls was awesome.  It was an experience that I won't easily forget.  There's a LOT of skill involved in flying a helicopter, and while I was in control it did make a couple of movements that made me say, WHOA!  But, the instructor was there and he was helpful in telling me what I should do to make the flight more smooth. All in all I'd say that I'd recommend this without question.  Although I'm sure I don't want to take this further and get more training, I wouldn't have missed it for anything.
The best!! The best!! The BEST!!! I cannot say enough how great these guys are from Lou to Gil and Nam. From start to finish they made the helicopter experience absolutely amazing. They tell everyone you should get the extra time and trust me, I did and I'm very glad I did. I will gladly use them again and cannot wait to fly again!!
This was an awesome experience.  Everyone was so friendly, fun and helpful.  The helicopter ride was not scary at all but a completely enjoyable experience. And actually taking over the controls and maneuvering the helicopter was so cool!! I only did the 15 min flight because it was my first time but when I go back I will definitely go for the extended flight with the advanced maneuvers.  You will not regret doing this and it will make you want to again!  Fun thing to do with a group of friends.
What a wonderful experience! The staff was great and very friendly, the amenities while you wait are so cool they have a segway there so you can ride as well as a ping pong table to keep you entertained while your waiting to fly. This place feels like you're at a resort. I would for sure tell anyone to take the trip out to linden to get with this company. I got tickets from groupon and have to say there were no hidden fees. Go get your adventure on!
Just took my first flight lesson a few weeks back.  Adrenaline still pumping so figure now's the time to write the review.  Bottom line - these guys run a first class operation and it's well worth it to go check it out. Took the train out from NYC to Linden, quick cab ride to the airport.  45 minutes all-in.  They've set up in a chill little hangar that's just perfect for the operation. Upon arrival, I signed the waiver and sat for a 20 minute presentation (along with a couple other first-timers) from Nam, the friendly and likeable manager there.  They're still getting set up as they just moved to the Linden Airport location but you can tell they're not half-assing anything.  The presentation, shown on a large HD flatscreen and operated wirelessly via iPad, was interesting and full of precisely what you need to know about how to operate a helicopter without any excess useless facts. Once complete, I waited my turn (probably took 30-45 minutes while the previous 'class' completed its flights) and then was off.  Paid the extra $60 or so for some additional airtime.  Was a warm day so they removed the helicopter doors, meaning the only thing holding me in from toppling right out the side was the seat belt. The flight itself was great.  The instructor (I forget his name) was knowledgeable, confident and patient.  Once aloft, I delicately took the controls with him also holding onto them the entire time ensuring safety.  Once you get over being 750 feet in the air with your legs virtually dangling out of the heli, it's exhilarating.  We spent a good 15-20 minutes zooming around the area (it takes 3-4 minutes to take off/land as they must still 'taxi' down the runway etc).  I practiced turns, keeping flight level, going up/down, faster/slower, etc.  The instructor also performed a couple acrobatic maneuvers like a hard S turn (quickly turning left then right) and a fast-stop (zooming along 20 feet above the ground at 50 MPH then quickly pulling back to come to a hover).  So much fun and a great sightseeing tour to boot. I took a plane lesson a few months back and that was great as well.  A plane may be a little more practical and you're able to get in more airtime for the price BUT nothing beats floating around in a helicopter with a 270 degree view and open doors.  I highly recommend trying it out, especially with these guys.  They do a fantastic job.
I did the extended flight intro lesson on the day of Christmas eve, and I have to say it was definitely one of my best adventures in 2011. They locate at Lincoln Park airport, which is about an hour away drive from NYC. Scheduling is pretty easy, and each session has about 7 to 8 people. We started by being introduced to some helicopter basics, then took turns to fly with an instructor on one-on-one basis. One of my major concerns before going was whether I could really take the control and whether i would be absolutely safe. This place exceeded my expectation in both - the R22 controller (they had a name for it but i forgot lol) can be very easily shared between the student and the instructor. And the trick of keeping everything safe is that the instructor can always take back the control immediately. This helps a lot, both psychologically and for real, especially to people like me who never played helicopter flight games as a girl back then lol. I got the extra flight time option and I would highly recommend that - believe it or not, time flies so much faster when you are up there flying! Taking off and landing both will take some time, so it's worth giving yourself a bit more time to really take the control and enjoy the solo flight. After the flight they give out certificates for the lesson completed. People say that flying is addictive and I used to have some doubts on that. Now I totally believe it!
We just got the Living Social deal, which was really amazing. You really fly these helicopters...REALLY! The guys out there are great...enthusiastic and fun. Of course it is a bit of a hike from NYC, but WELL worth it. Def an experience of a Lifetime, and you get a certificate, which counts towards a licence!!!
Great place to go for an introductory helicopter lesson. Scheduling is easy, and they're  well organized with an online presence unlike most older flight instruction companies. Came in for a 2pm appt and was in the air about an hour later. Efficient and friendly, the owners are young and knowledgeable. They'll go out of their way to make sure you learn some of the basics on helicopter piloting. I really liked the flight lesson and had a great day in the air!
I am truly not surprised that all the other reviewers gave this 5 stars. To be honest, I went into this thinking it will be cool to be in a helicopter for the first time, but, it won't be much more fun than that.  I was completely wrong!  It was awesome! It was a great deal (~$100 on LivingSocial), the instructors were great and I had full confidence in them, and I actually got to control a helicopter.  It was everything and more than I could have asked for. I already want to come back and fly during the summer when I can fly with the doors off!
I took an introductory class through living social and it was worth every penny.  The staff is extremely friendly and made all guests feel welcomed (an unexpected thing).   While I was waiting, I was encouraged to try out their Segway Rider without any time constraints.  The hanger was a very relaxing atmosphere to accommodate all guests (family and friends included). The flight was quick (even with additional extended time). You become very engaged and the pilot allows a comfortable level of trainee involvement.  The only downside was the foggy weather and lack of scenery in the area (very industrial). I imagine it would be better on a clear day. I would probably go again if I see a deal.
Flew a helicopter. What else do you need to know in order to check them out?  Highly advise doing the 10 minute extension.
Core Heli was amazing...Nam and his GF are great people and extremely helpful. They have fun toys on site while you wait. Segway, ping pong, and a ATV for you to use while you wait. Great experience and excellent safe. The place is a little hard to locate but the flight to NYC was amazing. Would highly recommended !
My boyfriend and I each took an introductory flight based on a Living Social deal. It was an unbelievable experience, which I highly recommend to everyone. It was a christmas present to my boyfriend and he was extremely excited before AND after his flight. He shelled out another  $85 for extended flight and special maneuvers. The crew was great!  Had some difficulty scheduling initially (apparently due to a corporate divorce) but  Nam made up for it! Definitely would like to come back for more!
