In April of this year -- we so wanted to do this pizza tour, but unfortunately there was not a tour available on the days we were in the city. For this trip -- that is the first thing I asked my husband to do -- please get tickets for one of Scott's tours. We were lucky enough to buy tickets for the Greenwich Village Pizza Walk, but first let me give you a hint of the other tours that are available.... - On Sundays only -- NYC Pizza Bus -- visit four different pizzerias all via a yellow school bus. Starts in Manhattan but changes weekly, but you could visit Bronx, Queens, Brooklyn. 4 1/2 hours of pizza history while tasting it along the way. - Crosstown Pizza Walk --  2 1/2 to 3 hours of bliss - walking to the most significant pizzerias in NYC. This is walk focuses on the historical aspects of pizza in Little Italy and Greenwich Village. Walking distance less than a mile. Comfortable shoes are obviously a necessity. - Lower East Side Pizza Walk -- Visit one of NYC's oldest and most pizza populated neighborhood in the world. Experience three different pizzerias all the while learning about the history of pizza development. Spend time with the owners and pizza makers of these establishments. 2 1/2 to 3 hours. Walk less than a mile, but wear comfortable shoes. - Private Tours -- If you are looking for a more "personal" experience without the crowds. Contact Scott via his website for more information and pricing. scottspizzatours.com - Private Events -- just a sampling: Pizza Party on Wheels, Deluxe Pizza Party on Wheels, Hop On Bus Tours, Manhattan Pizza Walk, No Limits Pizza Quest, and Specialty Pizza Safari. To get more information peruse the website for thorough description and pricing. scottspizzatours.com/pri… And lastly, the tour we experienced ... - Greenwich Village Pizza Walk -- We lucked out! On July 31st, it was a gorgeous day in the city. Amazing day to be outside and taking in the sights. We approached our destination of 271 Bleecker Street (little did we know this is the home of Keste Pizza and Vino). Upon arrival we were greeted by one of the most gregarious and affable person I have ever met. The one and only Scott Wiener the owner of "Scott's Pizza Tours". His knowledge, enthusiasm and experience with pizza completely blew our mind. This is someone who literally sleeps, eats, drinks and lives pizza. If there was a PhD offered in Pizza -- Scott would have attained it years ago. We visited three different pizzerias in the Village. First stop Keste Pizza and Vino (I will also be adding a review just to discuss Keste Pizza). This was such a phenomenal experience. We actually all huddled in the kitchen at Keste to learn about the wood burning oven -- Scott goes into great detail in depth about the origin/history of the wood burning oven and the scientific aspects. (I had no clue that there was that much information available about the history of pizza with the different ovens, recipes, dough, etc. It blew our minds).   We then all sat in the dining room next to the kitchen in order to watch the pizzaioli make our pie. One word -- FANTASTIC. One of the most delicious slices I have ever eaten. The crust was thin and snapped when bitten into, the sauce made out of delicious tomatoes (sorry - cannot remember the type of tomato), and homemade mozzarella (Keste makes their own mozzarella). Our next stop -- we headed down Bleecker Street to Fiore's Pizza (look for a separate review). Not a very big place (No A/C), but the pizza was pretty tasty and it is named after a NYC Firefighter that perished in 9/11 ...he always dreamed of owning his own pizzeria. The pizza here is super good and the sauce has a delicious sweetness to it. Last on the tour, we headed to Famous Ben's Pizza on Spring St. This place was so crowded we could not sit inside. We sat next door in a park that has a few picnic tables. The slices here were the thick crusted Sicilian. I was too full to eat my slice, but my husband said it was delicious. The crust was thick -- sauce was perfect with just the right amount of cheese. I cannot say enough good things about Scott's Pizza Tours. This tour is supposed to be 2 to 3 hours long, however Scott went way over time. The only reason he finally ended the tour was because he has a meeting in Brooklyn that afternoon otherwise he would have spent even more time with us. Scott, thanks again for such a memorable experience. Our offer still stands -- if you ever want to get away and visit Florida you have a place to stay in Tampa.
To start out this review, I'd like to clarify that I absolutely love pizza and walking food tours. I had really high hopes coming into this tour, especially after reading some of the reviews, so I'm in disbelief how drastically my experience differed from the majority of others. I attended the cross-town walking pizza tour: this tour was very slow and lacked pizza variety. Our tour guide was NOT actually Scott, but rather an employee of Scott's. She was very nice, so I don't want to blame her for our poor experience. I think it was more the way the tour was structured in general. We visited 3 pizza places in 3 hours and ate 1 slice at each place (we visited Lombardi's, Joe's pizza, and John's pizza). Really only Lombardi's had an interesting history and interesting style of pizza...the other 2 did not at all (they seemed to be just generic new york pizza places, with generic slices - nothing special about them at all). After eating our slice of pizza, the tour guide would have us gather around into a 'pizza huddle' and discuss the pizza....the sauce, cheese, crust, in a failed attempt to engage the crowd. Then after our debrief, we'd walk a fairly long distance to the next pizza place. I don't have a problem with walking at all, but we passed sooooo many good pizza places along the route, I wished we had stopped at twice as many places, and only had a half slice at each place to provide more variety. Perhaps throw in some sicilian slices, thin crust,  maybe some toppings other than just plain cheese? It was all very one note and felt like it lasted way longer than it needed to...my date and I even dipped out a few minutes early because we were getting way to antsy toward the 3rd hour. I ended up paying about $82 for me and my boyfriend, which for 3 slices each feels like a total rip off. I left the tour feeling really dissappointed.  I could have just as easily yelped top pizza spots in manhattan and organized my own self-guided pizza tour (which is what I recommend anyone who is looking into this tour do instead)
There is nothing else like this tour! The tour guides are hilarious and extremely knowledgeable about ALL things pizza! Its pretty amazing. And, they take you to delicious, unique and history-filled pizzerias around the boroughs. You'll get a lesson in everything from the origin of pizza, all the way to determining how much moisture was in your slice's mozzarella. Loved it!
If you thought you liked pizza, you haven't had the great honor of meeting Scott, the owner of Scott's Pizza Tour. I never thought I could love or appreciate pizza more than I normally do - but now I have a newfound respect for my favorite food. Scott is very enthusiastic about pizza and has a vast knowledge of it's history. The walking tour will take you through some of Scott's favorite pizza places, and because there are so many great varieties, the combinations are different every time. One place that seems to be consistent is Lombardi's - the birthplace of New York pizza. Every stop, every bite is so worth it. We had a group of six (5 adults and 1 baby) and we were easily accommodated at each stop. While drinks are not provided, Scott will provide a recommendation for wine or beer at each stop if you are interested. We loved every minute of the tour. Several of our group were skeptical, but everyone left saying it was one of our favorite things we did. Next time we come to NYC we will definitely do one of these tours again!
My boyfriend and I came to New York as pizza snobs, so we expected greatness when I decided to purchase Scott's Pizza Tour tickets for my dude's birthday. I was a bit weary of the price ($82 for the both of us) but there was a lot of raves over this tour.. so I decided to dive-in and go for it. I've taken a large array of differing food/history tours in NYC, so I was walking into the tour thinking I knew what the outcome would be... but I was wrong about this one. Arrived to meet our tour guide, who was super fun and energetic. He was mad nerdy about pizza and its history.. which kind of made the whole tour seem more like a college lecture, than an actual pizza tour. Let me also say, that the tour checks out different locations and John's (from other Yelp reviews) seems to be a typical stop on the Pizza Tour. So imagine all the disappointed faces when we were told we weren't checking out Lombardi's or John's. Bummer... seriously... a bummer. Having taken other tours, I was expecting 4-5 stops for slices of different pizza. But it turned out to be only 3 stops, which meant only 3 slices of pizza. Maybe it's just me but I paid $41 a head for some pizza and that's just what I wanted.. BUT NOT WHAT I GOT. We had one slice from Keste (Neapolitan), Fiore's (Typical NY Slice), & some place that I can't remember the name (Sicilian). All 3 slices of pizza were just Meh... and it showed with the crowd. By the end of the tour, we were supposed to regroup and have of the group just up and left. Ya see though... I'm from Baltimore and I find walking away from someone who gave you a tour, just plain rude - especially since you're skipping out on tipping the guy. Essentially, the tour lasted about 2.5 hours, the walking wasn't too atrocious, the history lecture was nerdy, and the pizza just Meh. I left Scott's tour feeling a tad bit hungry and like my pockets had just been ripped out from underneath of me.
Scotts pizza tours is amazing! Scott has employees that do the tours but, luckily we got Scott as a our tour Guide. They give you and the small group little booklets to write down your pizza experience. (On the back are Scotts Twitter, Facebook, things etc.) First of all the pizza is delicious! Second your host/Scott talks all about Pizza, shows how their made, and seems super enthusiastic about his job! He is a nice and hilarious person, that's knows all the history of pizza, and can tell you funny stories as well. I recommend bringing a bottle of water- not the store bought kind, the kind you can just refill. Very "Go green" :)
If you live pizza you will LOVE this tour! Just finished the tour today and had a great time learning about the NYC pizza scene and the how and whys of pizza making. Scott and Alexis were very fantastic tour hosts and our "pizza group" had a fun time. Next time I am back in NYC I will definitely take this tour again!
If you are in NYC, going to pay good money why would you Limit your Pizza options by taking a walking tour ???  How many different neighborhoods can you walk to in a couple of hours while in NYC... Not to many right? Going to different neighborhoods via bus brings the tour to another level (similar to the equally as awesome Chicago Pizza Tour). Which is why Scott's Sunday Bus Tour is the way to go IMHO. Scott is clearly passionate and cares about pizza, his business, his clients. Very friendly and energetic he provides an educated point of view on the history of Pizza, differences in Pizzas and a great baseline on how to evaluate a slice! All in all we were very pleased with the Sunday Tour.   Moving forward - If my only option is the walking tour, I would take the tour with the understanding I will need to identify some pizza spots outside of the tour.  This would give me the ultimate NYC Pizza Experience!
Lower Manhattan Pizza tour: The reviewer below me (Tarin)  I think, missed the point of the tour. To clarify, this is not primarily a pizza tasting tour. It's an inside and out, learn something-while-having-fun tour. Scott is quite a character and a lucky man. He's found a way to sublimate his under medicated ADHD self into a perfect tour guide for his obsession. He is funny and entertaining, while at the same time almost uncannily knowledgeable about pizza. If I had one recommendation it would be to shorten the tour bu about 45 minutres. We spent a lot of the time sitting around in pizzerias. Some was necessary but other waits could have been shortened. People have limited time visiting.
This was an amazing experience for my family.  The tour was interesting and fun and we got to eat amazing pizza.  Definitely recommend Scott's Pizza Tours!
I am reviewing the Sunday bus tour. Yes, you should check it out 100%--if you have time and love pizza, the tour is worth every penny. So, while the tour is super fun and Scott is easy to listen and learn from, I am giving 1 star because Scott divides his attention poorly and avoided taking a picture with us. Sure, he looks and sounds nice, but please read on: 1) Scott spent most of his time with a big group of white people in different pizzerias, joking with them and teaching them things, he paid less attention to smaller groups. I don't know if skin color mattered--I'm just saying objectively what happened. 2) We tried twice to take a picture with Scott. He absolutely knew we wanted to. But instead of saying something like, "sorry, I just don't take pictures," he dodged multiple times so we just felt awkward and more marginalized. Because of this fake interpersonal facade, don't expect to find a cool short term friendship. Just go learn and laugh at his random personality, but after the tour he is just another face in the crowd that doesn't care about commoners. If you want the best experience, be in a big group and be white.
My husband took me on a day trip to NYC for my birthday and the highlight was definitely Scott's Crosstown Pizza Walk.  It was an incredible way to spend a gorgeous spring day in the city. Cedric was our tour guide and he was born for this.  It is clear that he is a serious pizza aficianado in his own personal life, and his enthusiasm on the tour is contagious.  He was knowledagble, welcoming, and fun, and he made sure the whole group had a great experience. I love pizza of all kinds and think I'm more knowledgable than the average bear when it comes to pizza types and preparation, so I was surprised and delighted to come away from the tour with so much new knowledge about pizza history in the US.   There were two aspects of the tour that I thought were especially clever: 1) The inclusion of additional "pizza points of interest" like a shop in Little Italy that makes fresh mozzarella and a restaurant supply store where we could see some important equipment up close 2) Choosing pizza places whose styles highlighted the different points in pizza history we learned about. All three pizzas were delicious, and if you favor a good thin crust and pure crushed tomato base, you'll love it as much as I did.   The timing of each stop and the amount of food was perfect...you didn't get overstuffed or go hungry.  You got a good walk in but it wasn't exhuasting.  The Crosstown Pizza Walk gets two thumbs up--I'd love to try some of the other tours too!
I have never seen someone who loves pizza like Scott! His passion truly comes through as he gets you to explore what makes a great slice of pizza! A great chance to eat, truly appreciate, and learn how to recreate the experience in your own kitchen.
Me and my group of 25 could go on and on about how much we enjoyed Scott and his tour. You won't find anyone more passionate about anything, which makes it so fun and entertaining. He loves pizza and its heritage; after this tour you will too.
We booked the Pizza Bus tour because of all of the great reviews here. Dear Internets: These people are not lying. You need to take this tour. Here is why: It is fun! I admit that I was a little curious why I needed to pay some dude to send me to pizza places in NYC when I can google my own. Remember going on field trips? The pizza bus is exactly like that. It's a nice escape; you feel silly and different on a bus full of adults there to eat pizza! Scott is enthusiastic and the fun he's having is infectious. He treats everyone on the tour like you're his friends and you're at his birthday party- complete with goodie bags! It is educational. If you enjoy cooking shows- specifically Alton Brown- this is a great tour for you. Scott has all of the answers to the science behind pizza, and he has a way of conveying that information in a manner that isn't stiff and boring. And what he teaches you sticks in your mind afterward- I can't tell you how many tours I've been on that seem like a long rambling of facts that go in one ear and out the other. On Scott's tour, you actually retain the knowledge because you can see it applied in a practical manner. The pizza and the pizza makers. It is awesome to see the relationships Scott has cultivated with the owners. On our tour (which was on Mother's Day) we had the pleasure of meeting Scott's mom who told us that places call him to be on the tour, but he only takes us to places that meet his criteria. It is incredible that not only has he researched pizza and pizza history so thoroughly, he has also curated a list of places where the owners & employees not only know his name but actually love him. That friendliness adds to the great ambiance of the tour. I enjoyed trying the different kinds of pizza and comparing notes with the other tour members. It was interesting to see what pizzas New Yorkers on the tour liked vs others from different parts of the country- and guess what? Scott even had answers for why that was! After a weekend of walking around Manhattan, it was great to unwind and relax on the bus. You will be in good hands on this tour- I can't recommend it highly enough!
we did the walking tour a while back and it was great - the one we did focussed on vegan pizzerias. i don't think this tour is in heavy rotation on the schedule so if you are looking for a dairy free tour ask scott when its coming up next. for what you pay it is a pretty good deal - you could probably just walk to the pizzerias yourself and pay a little less but scott tells some great stories and gets you inside information and you get to talk to pizza makers at each place you stop. i think you get a good value for the extra money. if you like pizza and are visiting nyc this is a great think to put on your itinerary. slice on!
Best food tour I've ever taken. You'll never meet someone as passionate about pizza as Scott. This guy has a PhD in pizza. He's like Peter Parker but was bitten by a radioactive pizza. Instead of a web, he slings stringy mozzarella cheese. Tomato sauce flows in his veins. He catches criminals like papa john and little Cesar and brings them to justice.
Who knew there was so much to know abt pizza? The tour was fun, informative and tasty. If I were to do it over again, I choose spring time when it's warmer out!
On a recent trip to NYC from Dallas, there was one thing I knew I had to do for my 29th Birthday. Scott's Pizza Tours. Yes. Now home from my trip in NYC and a month has passed, there is one thing that I remember most from my visit and its meeting Scott, the tour, and sharing his passion for naples style new york pizza. This whole thing was an amazing treat. With less than 15 in my group (we did the BUS tour, the only way to go!!) we got a really intimate experience. We tasted coal, wood and gas ovens in Manhattan, Queens and Brooklyn. Learning all of the facts about pizza... and why it is what is is, fascinated me. Along the way we got to see a part of NYC that most tourists never stop to look at, and really feel like we were a part of the local community for a few hours. This tour is not cheap, but Scott is worth every penny. I really loved this Tour and felt like I had met an old friend. God Bless you Scott and your love for pizza. May your business forever be successful!!!
This tour was absolutely worth every penny.  My wife and I did the Greenwich Village tour and our tour guide was Joe.  Joe was fantastic with the group, very friendly and genuine.  He made time to talk to everyone individually and find out about their favorite pizza places wherever they are from.  And obviously he knew way more about pizza than I thought there was to know.  Everyone on the tour had a great time, and we walked away knowing plenty about the evolution of pizza, differences in ingredients and preparation.  Just show up with an empty stomach and a fun attitude and you're sure to love it.
Four of us went on the Crosstown Pizza Walk today and it was excellent! Our pizza tour guide Joe knew a great deal about the history of pizza in New York. He took us to three great pizza places.  The pizzas were all great and the tour was a lot of fun!
I love Scott's Pizza Tour. I did a tour last Spring with a group of friends and he is the most sweetest person you can ever come across. He really knows his pizza. Most importantly, he now has me hooked on Lombardi's pizza.
This was a GREAT tour.   our guide was very knowledgeable about how all of the pizza places in the area make their dough, the sauce & cheese they use, and their ovens, etc.  This was the case for the places we went to and any place that we walked by....even some that don't exist anymore.  He would stop the group and talk about a place and how good it used to be and why they went out of business. We went on the Village walking tour.  We hit three places and had a slice at each.  Water was provided.   The guides know all the business owners well and get some liberties (getting behind the counter, pulling an unmade dough from the tray to show us consistency, etc).  Our guide would just ring up the next shop and place the order while we walked to the location.  They would have it ready right as we got there.  Since you pay Scott's, you don't have to worry about paying for the slices, etc....they bring them to you and you eat it and then discuss afterwards. Our guide was able to provide a history and information on many other parts of the Village and it's businesses.
Scott's is a must do tour! So, you think you know the world of pizza? Why is a Margherita Pizza called a Margherita pizza? Did you know  the gluten, protein, and hydration levels of your dough dictate whether you are a 'folder', 'flat', a 'two-hander', or 'knife and fork' eater'? Where is the oldest pizzeria in North America? Where do I purchase a deck oven in Manhattan after the tour? There is a tour that can answer all of these burning questions (and more). Scott's Pizza Tour is probably the most entertaining and informative tour that I have ever taken in NYC, without exaggeration Scott's tour will map out the current day pizza landscape as well as cover the significant times, events, and places in NY pizza history. We did the walking tour and next up is the bus tour. This tour is a 'must do' for everyone from the 'recreational' pizza-eater to most hardcore greasy-chinned 'pizz-a-holic'!! A++ Nice work Scott!
If you're a pizza lover this is a must do activity while you are in New York. We did the Greenwich Village pizza tour (mostly because it was only one available during the week in April). We had a group of about 16 and Scott himself conducted the tour. I've never met any tour guide on any tour I've ever taken that had as much knowledge, passion and enthusiasm as Scott. He is a Pizza encyclopedia and a Pizza fanatic. We had a fantastic time on a beautiful April NY day visiting 3 pizza places and enjoying three completely different styles of pizza and talking all about pizza from how to make it, ingredients, history, where to go and anything else you can think about pizza. If you love pizza, don't miss this tour!!! I'm going to go again next time I'm in NYC
**TOO CHEESY FOR ME** With all the rave reviews on Yelp, I expected it to be a WOW experience, but alas, it did not WOW me like the others. Granted, Scott was very passionate about pizzas, but a bit too nerdy for  me. There were three pizza parlor stops: Lombardi's, Joe's, and John's. We spoke to some neighborhood Italians on the way and they told us that these were not the best pizza places; just historical pizza landmarks. So if you expect the best pizza pie experience, you may be disappointed. We were not interested in visiting a pizza supply store, so we stopped by Ray's on Prince instead and ordered the Sicilian which was very good. Again, this was my personal take on the tour, it just wasn't for me.
Maybe our tour just had an off day?!   Went on the tour since we had two friends visiting NY.  All together we had 4 NYers and 2 tourists.   The tour started off with a ton of potential.  Started out in front of Gatsby's, the original home of Lombardi's.  The pizza history explained here was great and interesting.   Headed over to Lombardi's and still had high hopes for the tour.  Pizza was great and the oven was explained to us.  So far so good.   And then? I have no idea what happened.  The pizza history lesson pretty much ended as we were heading to our 2nd stop.  And our 2nd stop?  Was definitely NOT Joe's.  It was Pizza Box. What's that you ask?  A dingy, run down NY pizzeria that doesn't even serve good NY pizza.  There's a garden in the back with tables so that's where we ate.  No idea how or why this place was chosen as a stop, especially when there were dozens of other pizzerias in the area.   The pizza had NO flavor whatsoever and the tour guide kept going on and on about how this is traditional NY pizza.  I was with 4 NYers, including myself, who has had a fair share of fabulous NY pizza all over the city.  I felt bad for the tourists on the tour who never got a chance to experience the good stuff.  Yes, the pizza was cooked in the traditional NY style, but it was pretty horrible.  I saw many people not even finish their slice, including a few in our party.   The third stop on our list was John's on Bleecker.  I had heard of this place so was excited to try it.  We headed over and were waiting outside, I assumed waiting for a table.  A few minutes later, our tour guide comes out carrying paper plates and a pizza and started divvying up slices.  Wait...you want us to eat at famous John's and stand outside while trying to balance our bags and pizza?   I would have rather stood outside and ate that crappy 2nd slice. I dunno, the whole tour just seemed off for some reason.  I'd say save your $35 and do this on your own, for a whole lot cheaper.  Do some google work and wander on your own with friends.
I came to New York a pizza snob, and I'm leaving even snobbier, thanks to the 3 great pizzerias we were able to experience with Scott's Pizza Tours. I consider myself a history buff and a foodie, and this tour encapsulated everything I could have wanted in a 3-hour time frame. Scott and his associate Joanne took us from the birth of pizza in America, to when pizzerias proliferated, and how it all went horribly wrong. Along the way, we learned about and walked through some historic neighborhoods I otherwise would never have gone to. As well as giving all the historical information one could ask for, dating back to when the Greeks settled in Southern Italy, we got to experience  firsthand the birthplaces of pizza culture  in America. After seeing the original 53 Spring St. location of Lombardi's, we stopped at Alleva, an Italian market and cheese-making establishment. Trying the 20-minute-old mozzarella was absolutely amazing. Clean expression of milkiness. I wish I had one of these in my neighborhood. Lombardi's was the first pizzeria in the USA, and it's easy to see why they are still going strong. Their massive coal-fired oven churns deliciously simple crispy-chewy, slightly charred pies in about 2 minutes. After stopping by the front of the original Rays (the actual first one), we headed over to the hidden little factory that actually make the Bari pizza ovens by hand on the middle of freakin' Manhattan Island. Although some simple-minded patrons may not see where this fits in a well-rounded tour, I could, and enjoyed seeing that. It was also nice to space out the pizza-eating. These simple, small contraptions brought pizza proliferation across NY and the USA after WWII, because any little storefront could become a pizzeria. And apparently, they still make the best. Next, we took a walk to Greenwich Village and experienced the Bari pizza oven in action at Joe's. Once again, if I had one of these in my neighborhood, I would go 4 times a week. The slices look more similar to the floppy foldable NY slice with aged mozzarella, you're used to seeing. This one wasn't dripping with grease however, and tasted fresh and wholesome. Finally, we stopped at John's, and this was my favorite. A coal-fired pie, John's was more crispy than Lombardi's and more tasty, in my estimation. I think they seasoned the tomato sauce a little more than either Lombardi's or Joe's, and it was all around a bit more salty...me likes it salty. Scott and Joanne are unabashed pizza dorks, who obsess over the most minute details of pizza cookery. They are very funny and self-deprecating regarding their affliction. Even if you used to be the guy that pants nerds and put them in a garbage can, you can't help but be disarmed with their genuine passion and amiable personalities. If you are put off by that and are unable to enjoy yourself, let me implore you to lock yourself in a closet and watch reruns of The Hills instead, because you are shallow as a NY pizza pie.
I HIGHLY recommend Scott's Pizza Tour when visiting NYC! I love Scott's enthusiasm. He'll excite you throughout the tour and he's full of pizza knowledge. Pizzerias visited: 1. Lombardi's 2. Joe's 3. John's ** We also stopped by the location of the original Lombardi's, a cheese shop to try fresh mozzarella and a pizza oven distributer. - The only thing I didn't enjoy was visiting the shop where pizza ovens were made. I think we were in there a little too long. I was starting to lose interest in the tour for a bit but we got rollin soon enough. My FAVORITE PIZZA was John's of Bleeker St. The pizza was baked in a coal oven and it just had such a great flavor. Scott said it was a little greasier than lombardi's due to the aged cheese but it's where the wonderful flavor comes from. Lombardi's has a fresh, clean taste.. but the fresh mozzarella didn't have enough flavor. My boyfriend and I made sure we came back to share a whole pizza @ johns before we left back to Houston!
scott is a cool cat. we talked awhile about pizza, writing, boxes, places to go, etc. he runs a really neat pizza tour, too, as it turns out. ;o) btw, his book "viva la pizza!" -- also a fun read. this was my birthday present from my amazing wife. i would have totally missed out if she hadn't hooked me up. we stopped at three places and tried out the cheese pizza at each stop. once you're done, you'll know more about pizza than you ever thought you could. my family and friends constantly tells me to shut up about it. if you love pizza and get a chance to take the tour, go for it. scott is a very enthusiastic and energetic guy. you'll enjoy his spirit and depth of knowledge.
There is a reason Scott has all 5/5 stars. He is awesome. And passionate. About pizza. I went with a group of people, including some people who were born and raised in New York. One of them who is a through and through NY pizza fanatic was introduced to his new favorite pizza place thanks to Scott. Now, I'm not a NY pizza fan. I don't like greasy or flavorless pizza (sorry to all you die hard New York pizza fans) but he actually brought us to places that had good NY style pizza. Before this tour I didn't think that good NY style pizza existed. Even better than realizing that not all NY pizza is totally inedible, he took us to a pizza place that has Napoli style pizza (my favorite kind). I have been to Naples, and the pizza place he took us to was almost as good as the pizza I had there. Yum... tasty, not greasy, and totally flavorful pizza....*drools a little*
Scott's Pizza Tour was awesome! I had a blast driving around in the bus and experiencing NYC in a whole new light. Scott obviously has done a ton of research - the dude eat, sleeps, and breathes pizza. I envy his dedication! I found his knowledge base of the subject impressive and expansive. The pizza itself was amazing. You can't go on a tour like this in Boston. I feel lucky to have gone, would go again in heartbeat, and would definitely recommend it to folks of all ages.
People often say, "I'm a wine connoisseur" or "I know everything there is to know about that place."  I think the only person in this city who isn't full of shit and can really, truly call himself a connoisseur of any kind is Scott of Scott's Pizza Tours. This guy is legit. Going into my pizza tour - you can really only expect 2 things - walking and pizza tasting. That's what I was expecting. A cool thing to do in the city on a Saturday, a nice little adventure and a lot of pizza - nothing special.  I couldn't have been more wrong... Not only was this a great Saturday activity, a nice adventure and full of pizza - Scott made history exciting.  The history of pizza doesn't sound that great on paper (ok, we all know it came from Italy), but history in the context of the neighborhood and this great city can't be beat. From the first pizzeria in NYC to learning the differences between coal-burning brick ovens and wood-burning brick ovens, Scott will teach you where pizza as we know it today came from. Ask him anything!  He has done is research and knows more about pizza in this city than you would ever believe. He's funny, engaging, knowledgeable and completely magnetic - you can't help but get excited with him. Pizza isn't just a drunk slice at 4am. Pizza isn't just a favorite kids food. It's an art - and you'll learn this and all of its intricacies on this tour.  Absolutely a 5-star experience and one of the best things I've done in this city. Buon appetito.
I first read about Scott's Pizza Tours on yelp and then followed up on it with reading the reviews from his website. I was a bit skeptical on going on a pizza tour at first, but after seeing all the buzz, I decided to give it a shot and booked the bus trip with my girlfriend for SPT. Boy, Scott certainly did not disappoint. It was raining the Sunday we went, and I had a feeling that today wasn't going to be the greatest day for a tour, but we marched to the designated meeting area and met up with Scott and the rest of the tour group. What can be said about Scott has already been said through the many reviews. He's an amiable guy, with an infectious love for pizza. His knowledge of not only the food, but history of pizza within the city is simply astounding. He speaks with great enthusiasm, and it's hard not to admire his love and devotion to everything pizza. When he's giving his tours, he's not just introducing you to different places of pizza greatness, but he's also sharing his love of the food with you. The places that we ended up visiting were Lombardi's, Patsy's, Patricia's and Louie & Ernie's Pizza. Through each stop, Scott not only gave us the history of that particular pizzeria, but also the different types of ovens and ingredients that particular location uses. Learning about the pizza was half the fun; the other half was of course tasting the pizza. I am not particularly picky about my pizza, nor am I a food critic, but the experience left me realizing that there are places where the pizza is significantly better than others, and this gave me even more appreciation to the locations we visited. All in all, this trip was definitely fun. There are more expensive ways to spend 4.5 hours of time, and this trip was worth the price of admission. I would definitely recommend this tour for anyone even remotely interested in food or pizza.
Scott Weiner: The PizzaMaster General. If more people had this kind of enthusiasm for something the world would be a better place. Over the course of three hours, Scott lays down a narrative on politics, world history, economics, immigration, and the role the humble pizza played in all of it. And you get to try NY's best slices while you listen. He knows everything from the different types of cheeses used, where the best tomatoes come from, and the temperatures of every oven south of the Empire St. building! That's dedication. Just one motivated man and his laser thermometer! This is why NY is the capital of the world. Hooray for Scott!
Scott's Pizza Tour was awesome. We took the tour last year, now is that I post the review because I've just opened a yelp account. Tour was great and ull of information about pizza. Scott know alot about the great history of pizza. It was full of entertainment and I would like to say that whether you pizza or not but you should have to go for it. You will enjoy it definitely.
Scott's Pizza Tours is an awesome way to visit some of New York's best pizzerias while learning a LOT about the history of pizza and the pizzerias. I was on the very first official tour and we totally got our money's worth.  We made some extra stops at some pizza-related non-eateries.  Along the bus ride (on a new eco-friendly yellow school bus), Scott asks trivia questions and fields questions, constantly awarding pizza-related prizes. One interesting thing that happened on our voyage really amazed me.  A bicyclist was spotted by a tour-goer wearing a shirt that said "NO SLICES" on the back. Scott immediately theorized that the shirt probably came from "John's", explaining the legend of his hanging a "No slices!" sign in his window, and making the phrase somewhat famous.  Scott was right regarding the shirt's origin.  Applause erupted.  That's just one example of what sets this tour from any other NYC tour. Bottom line: this guy knows his pizza and wants to share what he knows and loves with anyone willing to listen and shell out a few bucks.
I have to say coming into this I judge the tour too early... Who really wants to know about pizza. I just eat it. I left not only appreciating the tour but taken to a whole new level of really appreciating New York pizza. This tour and tour guide not only shares the passion of everything and anything dealing with pizza (from the ovens to the history) but Scott manages to make his enthusiasm about it contagious. I left very well pleased and felt like a pizza connoisseur. A MUST DO TOUR.
Taste pizza from Lombardi's, Joe's, and John's...and get one heck of an education on all things pizza. Even though I had already been to two of the three stops on this 3-hour walking tour, I was still stoked about it. First of all, it's always great to find something cool to do in the city that my kids (one picky pre-teen and one nearly impossible-to-please teen) won't complain about...and, this was definitely one of those things. And second, it filled in a lot of gaps in my pizza knowledge...I knew what I liked before Scott educated me (I would definitely label myself a pizza snob), but now I know exactly why making the odds much greater that I will find it more often (and am an even bigger snob). You can fan him on Facebook to stay up on NYC pizza - and pizza around the U.S. as well. This guy knows everything about pizza and his enthusiasm (yes, a bit nerdy...and I say that lovingly!) are totally contagious. We spent our next five days in search of NYC pizza to top our #1 favorite (Lombardi's)...we came close at Three of Cups, which shot to #2 in our family competition.
I had a great time on Scott's Pizza Tours!  Scott was insanely knowledgeable in every aspect of pizza.  I couldnt' believe some of the questions he was answering off the top of his head.  I could tell that he truly loved what he was doing and that he had a passion for pizza. As for the tour itself, it was wonderful.  We visited Brooklyn pizzerias... apparently he goes to a different burrough of NY every time, so it's definitely a tour that one could take several times without visiting the same places.   Scott had a great repoire with all of the pizza shops and I felt like I got to see a side of New York City that I wouldn't have seen otherwise.  I highly recommend it!
This tour is a MUST for any tourist or local. Scott is hands down one of the most passionate people I've ever met. And man does he know about pizza!! We met at the site of the first pizzeria in America and then walked around Soho, learning about the origins of pizza in New York. We visited the oldest cheese shop in America (Alleva) for a sample of freshly made mozzarella. Then we went to 3 pizzerias - the first (licensed as the first pizzeria in 1905), with a coal oven and fresh moz, one with the quintessential New York giant greasy slice, and finally a descendant of the first pizzeria, which used a coal oven but aged cheese. All along the way, we learned random pizza history and facts, as well as other New York history, and got to walk all around interesting neighborhoods. We also visited a restaurant supply store and a tiny factory where they make pizza ovens by hand. Scott is a terrific tour guide: very friendly, approachable, fun to chat with, and entertaining. This tour is great for singles, groups of friends, couples, and families - I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this tour to anyone!
As a native New Yorker, I had a superior attitude that I was somehow above Scott's Pizza Tours, on account of experience, in eating NY pizza my whole life-well, I was wrong-I am definitely proud to say that I am a "cheesier" person after going on the tour.  The history of pizza, in its myriad form after I went on Scott's NYC Pizza Walk, has provided me with a greater appreciation of this ubiquitous NY staple-plus I had fun while learning.   An acquaintance who invited me along for the tour scheduled it on a day that turned out to be raining, this became a blessing,  instead of the whopping 15-30 people who normally sign up, our intimate, friendly group along with our spirited guide Joanne only numbered 6.  I was befuddled by our meeting spot, out on the sidewalk in front of a bar on Spring street (while it's raining no less-what a drag).   It turned out that the bar is the former site of the oldest pizza parlor in the country, Lombardi's Pizza.  The vibration of the subway underneath caused the coal oven to collapse and Lombardi's was forced to change locations.  (Coal ovens must be constructed along with the building's construction.  Same goes for wood ovens).  Learning this tidbit of insider knowledge from the start got me excited to continue to explore more.   On our way to Lombardi's in Little Italy, we stopped off in the oldest cheese shop in the country, where we sampled unsalted fresh mozzarella while Joanne explained the evolution and basic ingredients in pizza.  At Lombardi's, we excitedly made our way to the back room, were we all shared a pie of their savory coal oven pizza.  Joanne, who is a true oven nerd explained to us the distinction of coal, wood and deck ovens, from their temperature settings, maintenance and the specialized way that pizza needs to be heated to avoid burning.   On our way to our next pizza destination, we stopped in front of the first established Ray's pizzeria.  Joanne proudly whipped out her collection of menus from Ray's pizzerias throughout the country.  I appreciate people who are passionate about what they teach and Joanne is certainly a well rounded pizza lover.  Off we headed in the dreary rain to Bowery to check out the store that invented and still sells deck ovens, which enabled pizza to expand from already established coal, wood ovens sites to anyplace a mobile oven is chosen to be placed. Our next jaunt led us to a small pizza shop that sells pizza by the slice.  It was delicious but not all too different from other pizzas I have tried.  Since I have never had wood oven pizza (that I can remember) I was excited to try that next, and assumed since the focus of the tour was on discussing coal, wood and deck oven pizza that we would naturally try all three.  Somewhat disappointed I learned our next and final gastronomical destination had us arriving at John's at Bleeker street, a purveyor of coal oven pizza.  Although I was pleasantly full by this time, I tried their pizza; delicious, the consensus among our group was that their crisp, nicely browned pizza surpassed the flavor of the famed Lombardi's. Keep in mind I went on this tour months ago and didn't take notes so I am writing this from memory.  My only drawback with this tour is the fee but since I purchased it on a discount site I only paid half the fee, so no complaints.  All in all the experience was informative and fun, something unique and out of the norm that is worth doing.
I've been on quite a few history tours in my day. I've seen Gettysburg, walked the Freedom Trail, toured the cemetary at Omaha Beach and wandered Colonial Williamsburg.  So when I say that Scott's Pizza Tours may have been my favorite, y'all know I'm talking serious. The Pizza Tour is part culinary history, part New York City history, and part pizza tasting.  My group rode around Manhattan and Brooklyn learning about the history of Italian pizza, American pizza and the immigration patterns that bridged the gap.  Along the way, we stopped at some of the most impressive pizzerias in NYC - Lombardi's in Manhattan, Fornino's on Bedford Ave, Totonno's at Coney Island and Sam's Restaurant in Cobble Hill and shared slices and stories at each. The pizza was fantastic, of course, but what really set the tour off was the knowledge and enthusiasm of Scott, the tour guide.  He's travelled the country, experiencing and writing about pizza of all types.  He answered any question, from the pizza traditions of New Haven to the secret behind great crust char, effortlessly and with zeal.  He loves what he does and over the course of the tour, you'll love it too. If you want a school trip, this one's perfect.  If you want something fun to do with a friend, this is ideal.  It's a wonderful look at a wonderful city through a specific and wonderfully nuanced lense. Thank you, Scott's Pizza Tours.
If you have any like of pizza at all, you owe it to yourself --neigh, to your soul-- to go on this tour. You could not ask for a more helpful, knowledgeable, excited, and, in his own quirky way, brilliant tour guide as Scott. My family quickly could tell that we were in for a treat. Scott's exuberance was immediately apparent, as he excitedly described his desire to share his love and knowledge of pizza with us. Additionally, his encyclopedic knowledge of pizza was impressive from the get-go. As he checked us in, he asked where we had traveled from, and from each city, he rattled off several of his favorite pizzerias, discussing the advantages and pitfalls of each. From New Jersey to Houston to Berkeley, he had thoughts. The pizza we tried was all phenomenal (Lombardi's, Joe's, and John's), but really, it was the depth of understanding that Scott imparted upon us that was the real treat. At each location, Scott explained the precise nature of the oven, cheese, crust, sauce, and any other detail you can imagine, using nothing more than his knowledge and, well, okay a 40ft range infrared laser thermometer. You think you know pizza? Yeah, right. In all seriousness, Scott's tour was incredible. It passed a huge new appreciation of the art of pizza making onto me, and it's just plain fun. NOTE: There are multiple tour options available. My family took the "Crosstown Pizza Walk."
I was really excited for Scott's Pizza Tour, and I have to say that it exceeded my very high expectations in every way. Scott (of Scott's Pizza Tour fame) knows the history, the geography, the science, and the art of pizza.  But, more than that, he's really obsessed with pizza.  In a good way.  His enthusiasm is contagious.  Even if you go on this tour thinking "eh, pizza is just ok," you will have a new appreciation for the pie when all is said and done. I went on the walking tour, and I sampled three or four slices, plus fresh mozzarella at an Italian bakery.  And when I say "fresh," I mean it - the mozz was pulled about 20 minutes before we tasted it.   As for the pizza, Lombardi's remains my favorite. Scott is a great tour guide - he has exactly the same type of passion and outgoingness that makes you want to hear what he has to say for three hours.  This is a great tour for both locals and visitors, and a great way to spend an afternoon.  As expected, you get to walk around, and eat some pizza.  But, more importantly and unexpectedly, you'll learn a lot and guarantee you'll never look at pizza the same way again.
This was so much fun.  We met outside the old Lombardi's, where it all began and proceeded to make 3 stops, following the "evolution of pizza".  Scott is a pizza enthusiast, but I would say bordering on Pizza Maniac.   3 stops for a good slice (2 were sit down, eat in) on a cold day.  The walks were not long, and of course, your in NYC, so even that part is a blast.  Interesting people in our group who all had one thing in common.  Pizza. Scott's knowledge, historical tidbits, and interesting dialogue will make this time well spent.   Scott also recommended a couple other shops in the area of our last stop and we ended up making it 5 slices at 5 places.  Thanks Scott!
Me and my boyfriend took a bus tour this past Valentine's Day (romantics, right here!) and I 100% recommend SPT to everyone! If it's any consolation, I'm a Jersey-born Brooklyn resident. Even though I already know an unhealthy amount about pizza, I learned so much and ate such insanely good slices that it was totally worth the money! I think it's especially great to take a tour if you live in the city, because you have the luxury of returning to the places that you liked. Also, it's worth it just to spend an afternoon with Scott, the friendliest, most charismatic person on this earth.
Pizza will never be the same again for me.   A friend of mine told me about this tour so I signed up not expecting too much.  Boy was I surprised.  Scotts knowledge of pizza history, pizza making and pizzerias in New York was mind blowing.  He's never been to Arizona but was curious about pizza places here I've never heard of.   The pizza sampling was my favorite part (fat guy, what'd you expect.) The quality is something the chain brands could only hope and pray to attain.  How Scott found these places spread across 3 boroughs is beyond me.  A++++
I cannot recommend this crazy-fun tour enough. I used to not like pizza, think of it as a junk food, and not really think of it that often. That has all changed now. From learning about the fresh mozz., to understanding how breaking basil leaves spreads the oils over the pizza, and that thin crust & a simple sauce is not that unhealthy, pizza is now a staple food I turn to time and time again. I've done both the walking tour and bus tour. On both, Scott makes everyone so happy, and is so friendly himself, that you always end up meeting great people. On the bus tour I got to visit neighborhoods and boroughs I never would've traveled to otherwise. On both tours, the range of pizzas is incredible, especially since we get into such intricacies of how they're made, why they're made that way, and their historical origins. For crying out loud, Scott knows the date tomatoes came to Italy! The walking tour is more historical, and the bus tour is more about the range of pizza in NYC. We got to taste 20 minute old mozz. in one of the oldest cheese shops in NYC, and on the bus tour I was sooo full after 4 pizzerias. Scott is a blast a minute, a total natural at interacting with any type of crowd and personality. This is perfect for families with teens, couples, tourists, locals (the types of people we had on our tour) and everyone left having learnt *at least* one new & interesting fact, and with a new favorite pizzeria.
Went on Scott's pizza tour in August.  Was initially a bit disappointed as the tour wasn't lead by Scott himself, but Joanne proved a very knowledgeable and fun guide.  She has a great sense of humor and kept us laughing throughout.  Our route included Lombardi's, Joe's and John's as well as several other pizza related stops (e.g. the mozzarella shop Lombardi's sources its cheese from, a pizza oven manufacturer, THE original Ray's, etc).  The time went by quickly and it was fun for our group of four (two of us live in NYC, two were visiting) to explore a bit of the city together.   The tour is pretty technical so if you're not into pizza or fun facts, not sure this is for you.  I took off 1 star because the tickets are a bit expensive ($35 each) considering we just had a slice or two of cheese pizza at each location and only got to sit down at Lombardi's (Joe's - ate in a small park in the west village, John's - ate outside on the sidewalk).  I totally understand the rationale behind just having cheese for an even basis for comparisons, but it does end up being a bit pricey... nevertheless, still recommend it! The Bottom Line - Should be on your "must-do" list if you're a pizza loving tourist or local.
Our last stop in New York!!! FUNNY... FILLING....and FANTASTIC... That's how I can sum up our tour with Scott. How can anyone be so fanatic about Pizza? I didn't think there could be anyone more addicted than Scott. 4 Pizza stops in different parts of the city was the best part. We didn't stay in one area, which made it more interesting. We started in Little Italy at Lombardis, to Harlem,-Patsy, Bronx -Rizzo's to Brooklyn - Best Pizza, you couldn't ask for a view of NY in the comfort of a Big Yellow school bus. The information about each pizza place and to understand the difference of the oven was fascinating. Great fun to spend an afternoon with an enthusiastic Scott. A must do!
On face value this doesn't seem like a particularly eventful tour. I mean a tour where you visit pizza shops in New York and get a few free slices of pizza? How wrong was I! The tour is pretty much a walk through the history of New York pizza and pizzerias. I never knew just how much history there was behind the humble Italian pie before this. Your guide for the afternoon is the awesome Scott. A gentleman and a scholar, he is the most passionate and informative tour guide I have ever come across. Just a real nice fellow. Starting with some interesting facts about pizza and its origins in the Big Apple, you are taken to to several very delicious pizzerias for a sample of their goodness. The sheer diversity of styles will boggle your mind! The tour finishes up in Lombardi's, the oldest pizza restaurant in New York (or the entire US I think. Sorry Scott. The pizza made it hard to concentrate!). I cannot begin to describe how mouth-wateringly delicious their pizza is but that's another review. In summary a very reasonably priced tour with a likeable and knowledgeable guide. You'll never look at pizza the same way again.
This tour was literally one of the best tours I have ever been on. An absolute must for everyone: tourist and local alike. Not only does Scott literally know all there is to know about pizza, you can tell he loves what he does. His enthusiasm is infectious. I will be counting down the days until I go on another one of Scott's Pizza Tours.
I went on Scott's all-Vegan pizza tour and it was amazing! Scott is nothing short of a pizza-holic, and you'll never look at a slice of pizza the same way again post your SPT experience! This tour is a NYC MUST! Just go! What are you waiting for!?
Can't give enough praises for Scott and his Scott's Pizza Tour!! Scott is enthusiastic, knowledgeable, funny and down right good human soul!   I had initially scheduled a tour in January of this year but my flight from LA to NYC got canceled due to the snow storm in NY.  Since it was complicated for Zerve to issue me a refund, Scott sent me a gift certificate to use at a later date. Fast forward 10 months.  I lost my gift certificate during my recent move.  It wasn't an issue for Scott.  He looked up my gift certificate number and made a reservation for me. The day of the tour.  I didn't read the instructions carefully so I didn't know where to meet the tour group. In panic, I emailed Scott an hour before the tour.  He came to the rescue like Superman.  He emailed me right away and give me instructions. The tour was fun and informative.  But most of all, I think Scott made the tour fun.  I highly recommend this tour to everyone who visits NYC!  One of the highlights of my NYC trip. Thanks Scott for a fun-filled day!
You will learn, you will laugh, you will love every slice of pizza you eat. Scott's Pizza Tour will provide you with many things: An entertaining bus ride through a variety of New York boroughs, a detailed history of pizza and its diaspora throughout America, and a belly full of slices from the finest pizzerias in New York City. One of the biggest things I took away, however, was deep and profound appreciation for the art of pizza making. I like to think of it as a gift from Scott but sometimes it feels like a curse. Every slice of pizza I have eaten since has had to live up to these new-found standards: 1) Was it made in a brick oven? 2) Is this true "mozzarella di bufala"? 3) Are these tomatoes DOP certified from San Marzano? While I may not always have access the best pizza in the world, this kind of criteria greatly facilitates my search for it. Thank you, Scott.
My dad loves three things in life: the city, walking and pizza. Perfect, right?! The only thing that would have made this tour even more made for him would be if it incorporated bagels. Oh well, that would just be too many carbs. I got my dad tickets to this tour for Christmas and we were really pleased with the experience. So, if you're STILL at a loss of what to get someone for Xmas, and they *love* pizza (and, you know, assuming you'll be in the area), get this for them. I went on a 30-something degree day and honestly, though there is a lot of walking, there is also a lot of time spent indoors. Bundle up and you'll be fine. I highly recommend this not only for tourists but for locals as well. This is about the history of pizza in NYC, so even if you live down the block from the places visited, I doubt you're aware of the rich history you walk by daily! With three major stops for pizza, I honestly wasn't disgustingly full afterward. Just the right amount of pizza, mixed with a rich history as told by a passionate and humorous tour guide. Good times, great oldies.
My boyfriend and I we are both a pizza lover, and it is impossible to escape from eating pizza in New York, I think it is better in New York than in Italy! Because him, I must have been to at least more than half of the pizzerias in New York. Of course I watch my diet, if he orders a full pie I just one slice as much a half in between but I live him to finish the pie. Thanks that he is not fat at all, he only eats once a day and when he eats pizza he makes diet the next day. But anyway, knowing most pizzerias in New York this is my favorite, the best to any person craving for the best pizza in New York. Here is!
3.5 star tour by JoAnne. We did the Greenwich Village tour. The pizza places on the tour were all good. We started with Keste (my favorite of the 3), then walked across the street to a typical new york style pizzeria, John's, where they have "no slices". We made a quick stop at a local shop where they made mozzarella fresh. Our last stop on the tour was a hole in the wall pizza joint, Ben's, where we tried some square pizza with flavored bread crumbs on the top in lieu of toppings. Although I did enjoy the pizza, I wished we had learned more about pizza. The tour started off strong at the first stop with random tid bits here and there, like the fact that in the US we have pizza sauce because the tomatoes that we had here were of pour quality so they needed to be cooked first to improve the taste, but in Italy, where the tomatoes were fresh, they were used raw. I wish we had learned more pizza trivia like that. All in all JoAnne was really sweet. I think if we do this tour again, I would really like to meet the famous Scott.
Scott's pizza tour was fantastic. I like pizza a lot and I fancied I knew plenty - but that is nothing compared to Scott. To call him "passionate" or "nerdy" is very much an understatement. The man carries around some sort of laser-sight thermometer thing to test the temperature of pizzas as they come out of the oven! When we were standing outside of John's on Bleeker street, he had trouble describing the coal that they use - so he threw up the sidewalk grate, climbed down into the basement, and brought back a few lumps to illustrate his point! As a California native, I never really understood what the big deal was about New York pizza until I took this tour and tried the coal-oven pies at Lombardi's and John's. Thank you, Scott!
Scott is one the most passionate human beings I have ever had the pleasure of encountering!  I was able to learn more about pizza in three hours than I have in the past three years living in NYC!  I'd highly recommend this tour for anyone, tourists and NYC residents alike.
Scott is the man. Scott literally knows everything there is to know about pizza. He knows the addresses of the best pizza places from Queens, to Staten Island, to various locations in Connecticut, Austin, TX, New Jersey and of course Manhattan. Scott carries Pizza Marketing Magazine around with him (he was even in the actual magazine), hands out pizza survival kits and actually has an app for recording his pizza consumption. It was rainy during our tour so he opened his umbrella...whats on the inside of his umbrella? But a map of manhattan placing all the pizza! Scott is so friendly, fun to be around, a great conversationalist and our entire group had a blast. We went on Scott's Pizza for a work group team outing and it was fantastic. Whether you're a bunch of locals or from out of town, Scott knows how to cater his tour for the best! A def must do while you are here.
I met Scott about 2 years ago at a pizza place in Chelsea - he was checking out the gluten free pizza.  I loved his enthusiasm for pizza - its electric.  About a year later, I did a tour with Scott with my nephew  - a sweet kid who loves pizza and had just gone through a very painful loss - the passing of his father.  I will never forget how kind and attentive Scott was to my nephew - and I will never be able to repay him for going so far out of his way to bring a smile to someone who really needed it.   Scott's tours are really great.  His heart is something far greater.
Scott's tour was tasty, informative, interesting, historical, humorous, and a totally fantastic time. From checking out the pictures he had of old pizza joints (the first licensed pizzeria in the country!) to eating the various slices, this tour was not only a culinary adventure, it was a trip into the heart of old New York. Everywhere we went -- from the pizzerias to the two-man factory making pizza ovens in the heart of Soho -- everyone knew Scott, and was excited to see him & the tour. It was a truly wonderful way to learn about the great city of New York, the history of a truly populist food, and what it means to be alive today. Can't recommend it highly enough.
Ya know how everyone tells you that you should be passionate about your job?  Well, if you could look this up in a dictionary Scott would be staring back at you - he exemplifies having passion. Our tour consisted of a walk around downtown visiting different types of establishments utilizing different oven types, sauces and cheeses.  You get a pretty good idea of the different pizzas available in Manhattan.  He mixes up the places on the tours, so you're not always going to the same spots.  So, if at the end of your tour you want more, he can provide some really good recommendations to continue you on your perfect slice journey.  Highly recommended!
We were given gift certificates for the bus tour (only held on Sundays) and had a great time! As devoted pizza fans (yes, we make it at home on a stone with a peel), we'd been to most of the Manhattan walking tour locations so were a bit wary about what to expect on the bus tour.  It started at Lombardi's and just got better from there! We learned alot about the various styles & techniques, as well as finding out about Sam's in Carroll Gardens. Learning about Sam's alone was worth the ticket fee.   Scott's enthusiasm is infectious (just watch his YouTube video about Eataly's pizza box if you need proof) and the other people on the tour were all good eggs.  I agree with Ari S., that we can no longer claim to be obsessed with pizza since we've now met a true pizza nerd!
Exactly six weeks ago today, I went on Scott's Pizza Tours with a good friend, a New Yorker. We assumed everyone would be tourists - and probably from other countries. Wow - Were we wrong! I was the furthest and "most touristy" of the group, it was "all locals... and Hawaii." Giddyup. We went to three different pizza places, got an enormous amount of history about pizza, some great kitchen tours, a visit to a kitchen supply store, and of course, amazing pizza, and even some great political and socio-economic discussions with fellow tour buddy (lawyer from new jersey - you know who you are!) And of course, we had bunch of laughs, too, and boy, as a tourist I got treated to some amazing real estate and scenery... and I'm still using the handy "Scott's Pizza Tours" notebook. And seriously, Scott - when you're planning to come out to Hawaii, reach out! Our pizza here mostly leaves a lot to be desired, but then again, most people don't come to Hawaii for the pizza... would love to be your guide on the Big Island! Warm aloha, Katie. Katie Minkus, R(B). Hawaii Life Real Estate Brokers Broker-in-Charge, Big Island Sales HawaiiLife.com | katie@hawaiilife.com 808.895.4327 (text/cel) | 800.667.5028 (office) | 866.399.9349 (fax)
Everything you could ever ask for in a tour! Scott had so much energy and knew all there was to know about pizza. It was fun, entertaining, and delicious.
Excellent tour by JoAnne! I did the Crosstown tour. We met at the original Lombardi's spot (now a bar), then headed over to Lombardi's current location to see the brick oven and enjoy our first slices. After that we swung by the factory on Bowery that makes the deck ovens. Then we headed west on Bleecker Street for more pizza. Stopped in Pizza Box. Next and final pie was from John's in the West Village. JoAnne was fantastic -- extremely knowledgeable, passionate and a great guide. I think my group was lucky in that there were only six people, so it was a very intimate tour. I will definitely take more tours in the future!
When I first arrived I was a little bummed that the leader of my tour was not Scott... I quickly got over that as our guide was as knowledgeable and passionate about Pizza, Italy, NYC, and their intermingling as anyone could be. A great way to spend an afternoon in Manhattan, you get a tour, a history lesson,  some excercise, and three great slices all for one small fee. Deal.
This is such a fun trip.  I was on one of the first official Pizza Tours (I was quoted in the Daily News article).  Scott took us to 5 or maybe 6 places that day, and I discovered Luzzo's to which I go back all the time.  I'd love to take a trip up to Bronx to go back to Patricia's, too. Scott really knows his stuff and it shines through.  Everyone should do this at some point.  Your fare buys you pizza, interesting history, and three or four pizzerias to which you WILL return.
My girlfriend and I did the pizza tour last weekend.  JoAnne the tour guide did a terrific job. She is organized, thoughtful, pleasant, and very knowledgeable about not only pizza, but New York history, too.  She also has a great sense of humor, and is passionate about what she does. We visited Lombardi's, Pizza Box, and John's, as well as Bari pizza supply store/factory on the Bowery.  Very cool and we learned a lot.  JoAnne also gave us little gift packages which contain pizza-related candy and a notepad. Fun, educational, and pizza.  What more could you ask for? We plan on doing this tour whenever friends come to visit NYC.
I showed up expecting a fun tour and a quick trip through a few areas of NYC.  What I got was a whole new animal: 20+ locals (most there celebrating a birthday) and me, making our way up to Patsy's in East Harlem - with a Fat Joe sighting thrown in for free - and over to Rizzo's in Astoria for the complete complement of pizza styles. Scott was knowledgeable and fun without being cheesy (sorry), and the trip was just the right length and size, pizza-wise: four slices on the bus tour.  I highly recommend this tour to anyone looking to spend an afternoon seeing a bit of the city and enjoying some of the best slices around.
Scott's Pizza Tour is awesome.  We had half price tickets from Groupon, but I definitely would have paid full price for this.  I didn't expect anyone so enthusiastic and passionate about pizza!  Scott definitely knows his way around the pizza history of NYC, and I loved how he also threw in little tidbits of city knowledge as well!  We had such a good time, we're thinking of doing the bus tour also!   And, I'm definitely ordering a t-shirt when they're back in stock!  Thanks Scott!
I went on the walking tour which covered Lombardi's in Little Italy, Joe's Pizza at the intersection of Bleecker St and Ave of Americas, and John's Pizza at the intersection of Bleecker St and Jones St.  I was still kind of tired at the start of the tour (which began at 11 am), but Scott's enthusiasm and personal interest in us pepped me up.  In fact, he was so gregarious that one woman finally told him "You know, it's dangerous to examine people's eating habits."  (We were discussing how everyone eats their pizza differently, e.g. crust-eaters vs non crust-eaters.)  Beyond that one awkward moment, he was happy to take photos and give directions to the subway.  Super-friendly guy. He talked about the history of pizza making in New York and about different oven technologies, complete with "slides" and menus.  We also stopped at many places that weren't pizzerias: store fronts that used to be pizzerias, a restaurant supply store for pizzerias, an Italian cheese shop (where we tasted fresh mozzarella).  Scott even talked a little about the Village and pointed out the Bitter End, a famous club for folk singers.  Oh yes, he also mocked bad pizza. Scott was adventurous.  He took us into an pizza oven making factories (people were welding!) and snuck  into the cellar of a pizzeria to show us the coal used in their oven.  Quite charming. I was worried that I'd get stuffed, but it's just three slices of pizza spread over 3 hours.  Not bad at all.  Even though the website where you book your tour suggests that you bring water, it's completely unnecessary.  At two of the pizzerias, we were able to sit down at a table and drink water with our pizza.  Scott supplied us with our own "emergency" pizza kit which included a pad and pen to take notes, a gummi pizza (no kidding!), and candies (more politely: palate cleansers).   I am by no means a foodie, but I learned a lot.  Thanks Scott!
BEST WAY TO SPEND A FEW HOURS RAIN, SNOW OR SHINE! With nothing but 5 star reviews over the past few years I really don't have anything new to add to Scott's Pizza Tours.  To say Scott is knowledgeable about pizza is an understatement.  His enthusiasm for what he does transcends to everyone on his tour.  We took his walking tour on new year's eve and I can't think of a better way to end 2009 than with some of the best pizza in NYC! We booked tickets via his website, met him at the pre-determined location and given a pizza journal and goody bag.  During the next 3 hours - in wet snow - Scott explained in detail the history and art of making pizza.  The three stops we made to eat a slice of cheese pizza were timed perfectly where you didn't feel too full from eating a slice at the previous stop. I personally thought the cold weather made the stops even more welcoming.  Since his bus tours are currently only on Sundays I will need to make sure I stay on a Sunday my next visit to NYC.   As if the tour alone wasn't enough Scott even recommended pizza places in Austin, TX.  Now that's what I call knowing your business!  So whether you just like or loooooove (as I do) pizza, I highly recommend taking Scott's NYC Pizza Walk.  I guarantee it's a great way to spend any day of the year!
For my first visit to NYC I knew I wanted to do a pizza tour, and I found Scott's Pizza Tours on Yelp, so I booked it for my boyfriend and myself during our trip.  I'm so glad I did!  Joanne was our tour guide, and she was absoutely wonderful.  She was full of knowledge about every pizza stop we made, and was genuinely interested in discussing the pizza that we had in whatever cities those of us on the tour were from. I think my boyfriend was a little skeptical of taking a pizza tour, but he had just as much fun as I did, and we are still talking about it!  It is very interesting and a great time saver if you want to try three famous NYC pizza places without having to devote three whole meals to doing it.  I highly recommend Scott's Pizza Tours to anybody who likes pizza (so......everybody!).   It has inspired us to do our own city-wide pizza comparison at home :)  Next time I go to New York I want to do Scott's bus tour!
This is definitely the tour to take if you want to experience what NYC has to offer in terms of pizza.  Not only did we walk away tasting the best of the best, we became a lot more knowledgeable about the different types of ovens, pies, slices, cheeses, etc.  I would book it again in a heartbeat.  Especially since it gets you exclusive access to popular spots like Lombardi's and John's.
As though walking around town and eating pizza wasn't a good enough way to spend a Saturday afternoon, Scott's Pizza Tour completely exceeds expectations with a mind-blowing breadth and depth of pizza expertise.  As evidenced by the rest of the reviews, it's obvious that Scott's relentless pizza research and travel has really made the tour top notch.   As a local, outside of picking up a few new fave pizza spots, I particularly appreciated learning about a dairy shop that claims to be 'the oldest Italian cheese store in America' (amazing cheeses at seriously affordable prices) and a pizzeria supply store that puts Brooklyn Kitchen to shame.   As someone who is generally adverse to structured tours and those who go on them, I've got to give it to Scott for pulling together such a pizzawesome adventure.
Wow.  This really exceeded all of my expectations.  Scott's pizza knowledge is profoundly thorough and academic, and he shares it with wit and gusto.  He does a fantastic job of selecting a variety of eateries that let tour-goers sample the myriad variations our fair city has to offer on this staple cuisine--and uses those variations to lead into fascinating historical asides and lively discussion/debate on the merits of each. Also, he's just a straight-up friendly and hilarious dude, making the whole thing an incredibly fun/informative/delicious blast. It's obvious he loves what he does, and he does it remarkably well.
First of all, let me say that my teens chose the crosstown pizza tour from a "things to do in NYC with teens" article, and I was secretly less than enthusiastic about spending 3 hours of our day learning about pizza. That said, the tour had no where to go but up in my expectations, but I am so happy to report that not only is Scott a dynamic, spirited, and interesting guy, but that his interest in history and pizza is not only strong, but infectious. We had a fantastic time, learned a lot, and just genuinely enjoyed the afternoon visiting different areas of Manhattan and munching on pizza from some of his favorite spots. We learned about brick oven vs gas oven pizza preparation, different styles of pizza and how they evolved over time, how pizza came to be in the first place, it's roots in NYC, how to stretch pizza dough the proper way (will be very helpful for when we make pizzas at home!), and visited the manufacturer of a hand crafted pizza oven made right in Soho. My kids were fascinated, and have been saying things like "That's what Scott would say" ever since the tour. They loved this guy, and want to send him pizza boxes for his collection, and buy his book whenever it comes out. Oh yeah! We ate good pizza on the tour. My favorite was Lombardi's, but our other two spots-- Pizza Box and John's were tasty, too. Half the people we passed on the street knew Scott and acknowledged him, one older woman embraced him and told us how much she loved him, he obviously was a real "people person".  We had a great time, learned a lot, and had a good pizza lunch. Wear comfortable shoes, you're on your feet most of the time. I highly recommend this tour. We booked about a week and a half out, and took the last 3 spots on a Friday tour, so don't wait too long if you have a specific day in mind.
A delightful departure from "standard" NYC tourist activities. My daughter and I come to NYC at least once a year, mostly for Broadway.  We tried this tour on a whim, and it was a blast. 3 hours of pizza history, trivia and tasting.  The pace was just perfect for both my 15 y.o. and myself. Plus I now know a lot about pizza--much more than I could have imagined.  Scott is a friendly, walking encyclopedia of pizza.
Had a blast this past Sunday on the pizza tour. Scott is super nice and so enthusiastic about pizza. It was great to try different styles of pizza and learn about the history of pizza. I highly recommend this tour.
Even though I live in New York, I love living like a tourist every now and then... and I love pizza, so I thought I couldn't go wrong with Scott's Pizza Tours. Scott is so enthusiastic and passionate about his work that it makes the tour a really great, fun time.  He knows about the physics of the pizza ovens, the chemistry of the perfect pizza ingredients, the history of pizza from Naples to NYC... and he loves to share his knowledge. He changes the tour every week -- this week we hit two shops in Manhattan (Lombardi's and Luzzo's) and then two in Brooklyn (Fornino and Sam's Steak & Chops).  Scott picked a great variety of shops and pizza types and encouraged us to talk about our findings... who knew you could talk about pizza for 4 hours and still be excited about it? Overall, it was a wonderful, wonderful tour.  Scott and our driver, Ronnie, were fun and friendly, as were all the employees at the shops we visited.  It was a super enjoyable day, with delicious perks!
I can't say enough about Scott's Pizza Tours. My husband and I took the bus tour with friends several years ago. We had the best time, learned an insane amount of pizza knowledge, and couldn't stop talking about it to everyone we know. We consider ourselves Pizza Aficionados, but nobody knows more about pizza than Scott. We tried the bus tour again a few years later with another friend for her birthday. Again, a total blast, and it was fun to check out different pizzerias. Finally, just this weekend we went on the walking tour, this time with the other guide, JoAnne. I enjoyed walking around Little Italy and the West Village, learning more about pizza and tasting some great new slices. Scott's Pizza Tours have greatly increased my overall enjoyment of pizza. It's fun to know so many pizza facts, and I also love following his blog and twitter. Thanks Scott!
Scott is the king of tours. I loved riding the school bus around the city, eating pizza. What could be better than that?? I felt like a kid again.
I found this tour online and I am so glad we booked it! We were in NYC for a long weekend and took the Pizza Bus Tour on Sunday. We have been to NYC several times and were looking for insider information. Scott is the absolute authority on all things pizza. His knowledge and enthusiasm on the subject is unmatched....maybe a little obsessed, but that's a good thing. We visited two pizza joints in Manhattan and another two in Brooklyn all while traveling on a big yellow school bus. We visited kitchens, saw ovens, talked with owners and servers, saw ingredients. This is not a tour of the 'best' pizzas in NYC, but rather a contrast and compare tour. Coal ovens, wood ovens, natural gas, fresh mozzarella, aged mozzarella, bufala mozzarella, tomatoes, cooked sauce...The 'best' pizza is personal preference, but Scott is able to tell you why you like one and why you don't care for another. Personally, I liked them all. Boring, I know, but I'm OK with that. Scott's enthusiasm is infectious and he had could recall visiting pizza places in just about every city represented on our tour. He also gave us a spot on recommendation for great Chinese dumplings! I would do this tour again in a minute on our next trip to NYC. scottspizzatours.com
We had a terrific walking tour.  Scott is enjoyable to listen to, filled with facts and willingly answers questions.  His enthusiasm for the subject is catching!  He knows volumes about pizza and those who make it.  The three stops all had great pizza.  He was able to explain the differences between them and why they were different. There was an intermediary stop at Bari, the maker of many pizza ovens and a supplier of other items.  This may be a place we return to get a few items (not ovens!). Scott is very knowledgeable about pizza in many locations and had suggestions for us in NJ and our son and daughter-in-law in Berkeley, CA as well as other tour members from Texas and elsewhere. I (all of the family) highly recommends this tour.  We were there on 12/26/2011.
Not a huge fan, but Scott clearly loves everything about pizza and pizza related history and it really comes through in the tour. He also runs his business like a real mensch and that goes a long way.
took a bus tour last summer and was ranting and raving  about to our meetup group ..  So I  hosted on this Sunday..  More fun with a group then alone!  Great pizza and fun!! I 100% recommend SPT to everyone!  Hostely after taking Scott's tours i have not look at  pizza or where it comes the same way again. :)
What a way to spend some time with Scott on his pizza tour.  We had so much fun, ate great pizza, and learned so much about pizza. I loved it.
During this tour I was so impressed with Scott's passion for and knowledge about pizza that I thought i had to do a yelp review to help him out.  As it turns out everyone already gives him 5 stars and I don't have much to add. great
Phenomenal tour, can't say enough good things about Scott, and I've been mentioning him to about everyone I've seen this past week.  Great tour for locals or tourists, young and old alike.  A must see.  Looking forward to surprising my FIL with a walking tour for his birthday next month.  He grew up on NY pizza (John's is his favorite).
For families, for singles, for couples or groups, this is a great tour.  You'll never again ignorantly order a slice without thinking of the type of cheese and tomato being used, how long they rise the dough or the type of oven it's cooked in.  And you'll have a blast learning it all. But as good as the pizza is, the real star of the show is Scott.  He's the rare person who is genuinely enthused by what he does and it comes across in buckets.   Really did a great job. Thanks Scott, we had a blast.  Everyone else, if you're reading this Sign Up Now for this tour.  You won't regret it. P.S. A couple other notes: *  the walking tour provides a pretty good general geographic overview of parts of SoHo, Little Italy, the Bowery and the West Village. *  the walking is not challenging at all--perhaps a maximum of 6-8blocks at a single go, perhaps a total of a mile or so over the whole route *  great for kids, we had our 9-year old and she loved it
I woke up from a nap for this tour and it was worth it.
Great fun. My teenage nephews and I really enjoyed our tour.
When I got home from Scott'e tour the other night, I was so jealous.  To see someone who has parlayed their greatest love in life into a thriving business makes me so envious.  Yes, this was cheesy (ha!) & I don't think I necessarily need someone to take me around in a party bus for pizza, but it was just really fun & informative.  Highly recommend for a group outing that is a good, memorable time.  Scott's passion is infectious.
Passion cannot be faked. Scott knows what he's talking about, and his enthusiasm is infectious. He may forget to tell you he sells T-shirts, so ask- it's a one of a kind souvenir. An excellent experience.
We loved Scott's Pizza tours. Scott is truly a scholar of all that is New York Pizza. But really, what the tour was really about was the PIZZA. We tried slices at three different establishments - each was distinct, delicious, and definitely memorable. One of the highlights as a Californian was Scott's recommendation of NY style pizzerias in our area. Scott- if you read this, I think we have found a winner!
Loved the pizza tour -- I took it with a friend back on Labor Day 2008.  It was a lot of fun and jammed packed with more info than you thought you would ever know about pizza.  The tour was well-organized and was never boring.  Plus, Scott was very entertaining and kept even the bus ride interesting.  The pizza places he picked were top notch -- I just wish the places in DC were anywhere close to what we visited in NYC.  And, the rest of the group was a lot of fun too -- everyone got to meet one another and it was a complete blast.  It's also a good chance to venture out to the borroughs if you've never been.  Plus, the four hours zip by really fast and it's a good way to see NYC -- so you can "kill two birds with one stone" while you fill your tummy and see NYC.  And, the goodie bag is great too! The tour was so much fun that I asked Scott to do a private Saturday pizza tour the next time I went up for NYC for the day.  Definitely recommend that route too since you can go to areas/ places off the group pizza tour.  I'll definitely be doing another pizza tour in the near future and recommend it for anyone else!
My daughter and I took Scott's Walking Pizza Tour.  Regardless of the pizza, it is a good way to visit the Greenwich Village area of NYC. But the educational value of the pizza tour alone is worth the "price of admission".  Scott is knowledgeable and enthusiastic about all aspects of pizza making and enjoyment.  He even invited everybody on the tour over to his apartment for one of his side-by-side pizza comparison experiments. I even like to make my own pizza, and he gladly shares tips on making your own.  Scott also recently appeared on "Food Wars" on The Travel Channel during a pizza segment. I would like to add one thing:  this is NOT a tour which will get you filled up with all of the best pizza that you can possibly eat.   Over a three hour period, we stopped at three pizza restaurants, and got three pieces of pizza.   This was completely adequate for my daughter and me, and the fun and the education from Scott is what Scott's Pizza Tour is all about. Highly Recommend.
Scotts tour was defiantly one of the highlights of our trip to the Big Apple.  The man has an infectious passion for all things pizza.  We were treated to some of the rich history of pizza and got to sample three fine examples of New York pizza each with it's own unique character.  We also sampled fresh mozzarella made minutes before we arrived at Alleva a little shop that has been making it for over 100 years.  We got a lesson in pizza tech and the different ovens used and how it effects the pies made in them and a stop at Bari a manufacturer of handmade pizza ovens that are used all over the world.  If you love pizza and you're in New York, it doesn't get any better.
Awesome tour!  Well worth the tour.  Scott is hilarious and it's a must do while visiting NYC!
I've never met someone more passionate about Pizza than Scott. He was entertaining, knowledgeable, and had incredible energy! Oh - and the pizza was great too. I left the tour feeling like a bit of a pizza aficionado, and learned much more about the science behind my favorite food. I did this tour with a group for a friends birthday and we had a blast. I 100% recommend this to everyone and will be extremely offended if you don't invite me with you!
I went on this tour last weekend on my trip to NYC. I was looking forward to this tour so much that I bragged to everyone I know that I was going on a pizza tour. They gave me a weird look and I prayed that I would not be saddened with overzealous expectations. I was SO not disappointed. It was totally worth the money and the time. I was sad when it was all over. We were able to learn a lot about great pizza history and taste it first hand. We got to taste SUPER fresh mozzarella that was only 30 minutes old. I would recommend this tour to anyone who wants to be highly entertained and informed. Also the pizza is delightful!
This was among the highlights of my NYC trip!  My fiance and I learned a ton about the history and science behind a food we eat so often.  Scott was personable, knowledgeable and enthusiastic, and I really felt that I got a behind-the-scenes look at a staple of the American diet.  We've had pizza a number of times since, and we've brought up something we've learned on the tour each time.
Make sure you go on a cool day.  Tons of walking.  I think a few stops were extraneous(i.e. the pizza oven sales and repair shop).  But overall Scott was very enthusiastic and if you have 35 dollars you'd like to burn it's not a bad way to spend your afternoon.
While visiting NYC solo I booked a tour to help get me out into the city with what I hoped would be a fun group of like-minded foodies - boy was I right!  Joanne was a great tour leader, full of sass, fantastic pizza knowledge and passion.  I loved getting to see the fresh Mozzarella being made and to get to taste it by itself uncooked then on the pizza at Lombardi's was a thrill!  I know a heck of a lot more about pizza now than before and got a great NYC memory from my trip.
How Scott can remain so passionate about pizza for so long is incredible!  I am convinced there is no other person on the planet who knows more about the history, types, techniques, flavors, temperatures, ovens, and mozzarellas than Scott Weiner!  My friend and I, along with a couple visiting from Ireland had Scott to ourselves. We learned the difference between deck oven and coal fired (temperature-he actually carries a laser gun of sorts that can read the temperature), as well as using fresh (Lombardi's), vs. whole milk (John's) vs. part skim mozzarella (Joe's).  All delicious, by the way. And his personal stories are great, like how he lines his oven at home with stone tiles to increase the temperature when cooking his pizza and how, when he makes his dough, all he has to do is leave it on his windowsill to collect the yeast in the air because of the area where he lives happens to be full of it...and if you want to know the difference between all the Ray's Pizzas, just ask, cuz there is nothing he doesn't know!  His enthusiasm is contagious-what a fun day!
Best tour in NY!  The price was right for a good amount of information and food.  Joanne was wonderful!
Scott is a pizza genius, his knowledge is first rate.  This walking tour of lower Manhattan's pizza cuisine is a must-do for both tourists and long-time New Yorkers.  I cannot recommend this tour enough!  I will probably do the Brooklyn tour next time I'm in NYC.  Lombardi's, John's and Joe's all first rate slices.  You get a great walk through Soho, Nolita, Little Italy, Greenwich Village and the West Village.  Just do it.
We took the Pizza Bus Tour on a Sunday and it was awesome! Scott's knowledge of pizza and its history was truly amazing and inspiring. In addition to being able to sample 4 of the best pizzerias in New York, on top of all of the deliciousness, Scott really made the tour a lot of fun!! You really get the sense that he loves what he does and appreciates his "pizza buddies" as he called all of us. There is no way we would've found these out of the way pizza heavens on our own or be able to see the ovens, learn the history, or meet any of the other friendly pizza lovers that we met on the tour. It was truly THEE highlight of our trip!!
Last year my SO's birthday present to me was tickets to Scott's Pizza Tour in New York.   We had a blast, experiencing Lombardi's (a repeat for me), Patsy's in East Harlem, and Patricia's and Louis and Ernie's in the Bronx.   One of the major attractions of the pizza tour is that our host Scott was really into not just the pizza, but spending a lot of time discussing the production of the pizza, with many discussions of different pizza ovens, fuels, and cooking techniques (indeed, one of the frequent destinations of his walking tour is the nearby pizza oven factory).   As a result, this isn't just an eating tour, at most places you get to see the kitchen, the oven, talk to the chefs, and really get a full appreciation for the full pizza process. My review and pics here: offbeateats.blogspot.com…
We did the Greenwich Village Pizza Walk last Friday and it was awesome.  Scott was a great guide who's knowledge and enthusiasm for pizza and the history behind it made the 3+hrs of the tour fly by.  This is definitely something that should be added to your to-do list when visiting NYC.
While I take great pride in showing out of town friends around the city, I would feel very comfortable leaving them in Scott's hands.  I know that they would be entertained, they would learn things even I couldn't tell them, and they would be well fed. This native New Yorker learned a thing or two about pizza, and I got to see some things I never would have known to look for.  Locals and tourists alike will enjoy this tour. Plus, it's pizza.  What's not to like?
I was excited to take this tour bc I LOVE pizza. I really do. My husband was not too excited though bc we have taken a food tour before that was just ok. This tour was really fun and I think it had a lot to do with Scott the guide. He is really passionate about pizza and really likes what he does and it shows. We went to four pizza places and although we didn't love each one we went to, my husband and I got to try some places we wanted to visit. The tour is a few hours long but it really doesn't feel like it. You learn a lot about the history of pizza and I totally recommend this if you are in New York and want to do something a little out of the ordinary. My husband even liked it and had a good time.
LOVED the tour! We took the walking tour which consisted of (and usuall does) of Lombardi's, Joe's and John's. All different and tasty. Scott teaches so much great info along the way. Also had a stop into Bari Equipment and picked up a pizza peel to take home! Scott is personable, knowledgable and a fun guy to hang out with for a few hours! Highly recommend!!
I bought 2 tickets for myself and my father-in-law as birthday gifts.  Had heard about it a few times over a couple of years but this was the year I finally followed through on going.  We literally just got home from the Sunday bus tour and I couldn't wait to yelp.  How can you go wrong with learning while eating pizza?!  We visited 3 boroughs and 4 pizzerias while riding a big yellow school bus. Most of the pizza was good.  The information was amazing but the best part was Scott's enthusiasm and straight up pizza knowledge.  This is a young man who loves what he does.  He is truly a student of pizza, the taste of it, the history of it and the business of it.  My father-in-law says we can't brag about how much we love pizza in the same way ever again after meeting Scott. Now that's a pizza lover!  For a fun, different New York tour, definitely try out one of Scott's pizza tours.
If you love Pizza you have to do this tour. We spent a week in NY (we are from San Diego, California) and every time I talk about our trip to friends I tell them about the Pizza tour. It was the highlight of our trip. Scott taught us a lot about Pizza and he helped improve my pizza making skills.
As a 2 time Scott's veteran, I highly recommend letting Scott teach you more than you could ever imagine knowing about pizza. My wife and I set up a private tour with Scott and gave it to friends and family for Christmas last year. Several people were skeptical, but went along anyway and were completely on board less than 10 minutes after the start. The pizza is great, Scott's enthusiasm is almost overpowering (but does not cross the line into obnoxious), and the price is reasonable. Scott led both tours I have been on, but I understand there are other guides as well. I cannot speak for them but with Scott you will certainly not be disappointed. PS - Don't eat before the tour. You will regret it.
I am a pizza-phile through and through, so I know what I'm talkin' about when I say not only is Scott's Pizza Tour the best pizza tour around, it's one of the best tours of anything I have ever taken in New York. Scott's passion and knowledge for pizza knows no bounds- do yourself a favor and fill up on hot slices and pizza history with Scott!
Not only is the pizza on the tour some of the best you'll ever have (for all tastes), Scott is the best person you could ever eat with. He never infringes his own experiences and personal tastes impact any one else's. He is a huge pizza cheerleader spreading passion for the food, cooking process and industry. Where better to learn about pizza than in NY!?
The best tour I have ever been on! There is nothing that can beat eating some of the best pizza in the world and listening to one of the most entertaining people in the world.....no joke. If you're going to do a tour while visiting or even living in the metro area, don't make it a lame one, make it Scott's Pizza Tour.
My husband and I did a walking tour with Scott in January 2011 and had so much fun learning about pizza and hanging out with Scott. We were making another trip to NYC in October 2011 and decided to do the bus tour this time. We had a fantastic time and the pizza was awesome. Both of us are not big sauce fans, I've even been known to wipe off excess sauce. But, Scott opened my eyes to different types of pizza (some with mostly sauce) and I must say they were all really good. Scott's enthusiasm for all things pizza is just amazing and you can't help but love him. We will definitely do this tour again in the future, this time wearing our Scott's Pizza Tour t-shirts.
If you love pizza, interesting facts about food, New York culture, and people that have a true passion for what they do, you should take this tour. No. You NEED to take this tour. Trust me, it's in your own best interest. I have never known anyone that is as blissfully entrenched in ANYTHING as Scott is in the world of pizza. It was an absolute joy and pleasure to take the walking tour, so much so that I can't wait to plan out a trip to take the bus tour. We had native New Yorkers, people from DC, Memphis, and Connecticut on our tour and everyone found something new and interesting about pizza. He's unstumpable and his enthusiasm is infectious. Oh yeah, and the pizza's pretty incredible too. Do yourself and your friends a favor and take this tour. You won't be disappointed.
Great tour! Scott is very enthusiastic and knowledgable about pizza. We learned a great deal about pizza and how New York style pizza is made and enjoyed some of the best pizza I have every had, hands down! Lombardi's Pizza was our favorite!
HUGE fan of Scott!!! Ive done the bus and walking tour and recommend both. Its a great thing to do when visiting or having visitors in NYC. good city history mixed with some really great pizza.
The 5 star ratings are due to Scott's genuine passion for everything pizza. His incredible knowledge and amazing personality makes the tour very entertaining and informative. I highly recommend the walking tour since Scott seems to be well known around the community and part of the adventure was having Scott strike up random yet informative conversations with people around the neighborhood.
I'm new to Yelp, having only learned about the site about a month ago. However, after hopping around the site after my most recent post, something reminded me about the pizza tour my wife and I went on 2 years ago while visiting New York, and it''s enthusiastic tour guide/founder Scott, so I figured I'd check it out just to make sure they were still going strong.  Glad to see that people are still enjoying them.  I learned stuff about pizza I still quote to this day if we are out having some pie with friends and family.  We took the school bus tour on a Saturday afternoon, that started at Lombardi's, crossed the river onto Coney Island to the second oldest pizzeria  in New York, and hit two other pizza spots that had been around since the 50's -- forgive me; it's been 2 years, so I forget all the names.  But not the great time we had!  I'd highly recommend this to anyone who loves pizza ......... which is everybody, right?
this review covers the sunday bus tour: scott has the perfect amount of energy, pragmatism and pizza knowledge to make this tour exceptionally great. whether you are visiting nyc, a 'beginner' looking to learn more about nyc pizza or a seasoned pizza veteran you are sure to laugh often, learn tons about pizza and have a great time on this pizza tour.   scott will introduce you to the different styles (neapolitan, ny-style, sicilian, etc) while explaining his approach to properly tasting and understanding the basics of pizza ingredients and how they come together to form different varieties. i would recommend this tour to anyone with even a slight interest in learning about the rich history of nyc pizza.
Excellent. Lots of pizzazzzz!!
Scotts Pizza Tour was awesome. Scott takes you to the best places (we even went to 2 places in Staton Island!). He knows so much about pizza, history, ovens, neighborhoods, etc. Highly recommend this tour. It was a blast.
amazing!! i figured this would be a good & interesting time when i got it for my boyfriend, joe, for his birthday. i had no idea it was going to be so thorough, so informative, so so SO FUN!! scott is such a great guy and a fountain of knowledge. he answered every question thoughtfully and honestly! joe & i want to get friends together for the bus tour! MUCH MUCH more than we bargained for. Professor Pizza- you will see us again!
Quick review: Awesome info and tasty pizza stops. Would recommend to any pizza lover.
One of the highlights of our NY trip.  Scott is amazingly enthusiastic and know alot about Pizza.  Thanks Scott!  Let us know when you are coming to Seattle.
Great tour, great tour guide.    I thought I loved pizza, but Scott helped me realize there is sooooo much more to love.  We went out with him on a snowy day after Christmas and he was still so into it that it was contagious.  The only thing i would say to improve this tour would be a leaflet that explains the difference between Neopolitian, Sicilian, New York and other types of pizza, as well as something that simply explains the difference between coal, wood and gas ovens and how they affect the pizza.  But i am a bit of a nerd so maybe others wouldn't enjoy this as much as me.   Overall, I know so much more about pizza, and my appreciation has grown because of this tour.
Scott is simply the most knowledgeable individual regarding pizza that I have ever met and probably ever will meet.  The tour was awesome and he is determined to answer all questions.  I highly recommend this tour to native New Yorkers as well as people from out of town.
Scott's Pizza Tour really was great - both educational and entertaining!  I took the walking tour and while I expected we would taste great pizza, the other highlights of the tours and amount of information Scott had to share was really impressive.  I would definitely recommend this tour to anyone visiting the city or who lives in New York and is looking for a good way to spend a few hours.
Ah, what can I say that hasn't been said over and over in these reviews?  Scott (and JoAnne) are passionate about pizza and their love is infectious.  We did the walking tour, which is an easy do for anyone who can walk a few blocks and then eat a slice.  Our tour ran the gamut from flour to coal (they'll have to explain it further!).  Knowledgeable, exciting, fun, and just a fantastic way to spend a NY afternoon.  Also, if you live anywhere other than NY and need a good pizza, Scott has probably been to your hometown and knows where to steer you.  Run, don't walk, to this tour...you will be a better person for it.  It's a few hours that can change your perspective on what NY is all about.  Pizza for peace!
Scott's (walking) Pizza Tour is totally AWESOME! He claims he is not a pizza connoisseur, but a pizza enthusiast.  Scott is so enthusiastic and energetic, you can't help but get caught up in his excitement about pizza. This was definitely one of the highlights of our trip and worth every penny!  We were in NY in mid-October and we haven't stop talking or telling our friends that it's a must do if they ever visit NY. Scott is extremely knowledgeable about all things pizza.  I didn't realize there was so much to know about pizza.  From the type of ovens, to the optimal temperature, to where the wheat is grown for the flour, to the preparation of the tomato sauce and down to the type of mozzarella  fresh vs. aged.   We sampled pizzas from Lombardi's, Joe's and John's on Bleeker.  Lombardi's gets the thumbs up from me ~ love the fresh mozzarella.  My only complaint is that I can't find anything comparable anywhere in Southern CA.
good one
