I did alot of research before joining this bootcamp- i have to say, i am very very happy with this bootcamp and Stacy is truly amazing- she really works you out and really makes it alot of fun. She really cares about everyone and takes the time to talk to each of us individually about reaching our goals. It has only been 3 weeks and i already see a difference and i am really looking forward to the next month. I highly recommend it.
So im 2 weeks into my 4 week bootcamp session and here's my review of what I've discovered so far.  I attend the 6:15pm sesssion, by the way and can't comment on the morning classes. The online signup is easy to navigate and straighforward.  Point.  Click.  Get confirmation via email.  Show up and go workout.   The trainer, Leon is nice on the eyes but man oh man does his playlist suck!  They play better workout music in Old Navy.   The other trainer, Stacy works you a lot harder than Leon does.  Leon is all about the ladies or maybe the ladies are all about Leon.  I guess its not his fault he's so chocolate and cute, blame his mama & daddy and their exceptional Jamaican dna.  Either way, the workout is way more intense, & there's way more direct instruction and less distractions when Stacy comes through.   When I say rain or shine I mean that I will see you if the sun is shining and/or its not raining.  When they say rain or shine they really mean we will be here in the park under the trees, soaking wet, doing pushups and risking electrocution by lightning NO MATTER WHAT.   Most of the workout takes place on a mound and its hard working out on a grassy incline.  Some of the moves cant really be done effectively or safely on a dirt/grass hill because your feet keep slipping and even moreso when its raining.  Maybe this is supposed to add to the resistance (?).   All in all the workout is challenging and the instructors are motivating, helpful and not condescending.  The class is made up of all women of varying ages, sizes and athletic ability.  One woman even brings her little son sometimes.  He sits in the back and colors or reads or comes up front and does his own version of the workout so thts cool.  I have like a thousand kids so its great to know that I have the option of bringing them with me.   *Im not even 100% sure there names are Leon and Stacy but Im sure Im at least pretty close.  Deon and Tracy??
I am one that is not easily impressed, yet NYC bootcamp is very impressive! I have participated in 3 camps so far  (9am & 6:30 pm) & am impressed with the trainers, the pace, the variety & most importantly, the results! This is a great option for those who like more individual attention, are looking for a more affordable solution than a personal trainer, have ever joined a gym only to  stop going, easily get bored & need to mix it up, and who know they do better with like-minded people as opposed to going it alone! If you know the MBI assessment - it's perfect for "ENFP's"
Let me start by saying that I am NOT in any way, shape, or form a morning person BUT working out with Stacy has made my 4am alarm something that I really look forward to. I am a couple weeks into my first bootcamp and I am so impressed with the way this bootcamp is run. Stacy is great at what she does and is constantly changing things up and making things challenging and fun for us. In a few short weeks I have gotten stronger and have already lost allmost 5 pounds and my clothes are fitting better.  Overall I have more energy and feel like I have really gained so much from this experience that it is really changing my lifestyle and I can't wait to see my results in the future because I hope to become a longtime NYC Adventure BootCamper from now on.
