My Order: Tarragon Salmon (t'was delicious) Pros: - Salsa nights! They're def interesting and fun. It seems to attract an older crowd but if you come in with an open mind; I think it'll be a blast - Best. Happy. Hour. Ever. I love the variety of cocktail/fruity drinks that are available. Cons: - A little pricey if you come here for dinner: I came with a groupon ($20 for $40) and still came out paying $30-40 for my meal - Off street parking can be annoying on weekends; but on weekdays, they're everywhere ! Sean, my waiter, was very friendly and personal. He started casual conversation and really made me and my date feel at ease. It was a fun experience. Usually waiters are up and running but we came on a nice and quiet evening. It really depends on what nights/times you come. I would def. come back for happy hour/salsa night ;)
I heard about Epic's Salsa Night on Fridays and finally went for food and dancing for a friend's birthday celebration. Salsa as in Latin dance and not the condiment for tortilla chips although chips and salsa do sound pretty good about now... We ordered a bunch of appetizers and the only stand outs were the calamari, caprese salad, and flat bread. Everything else was unremarkable. Dance lesson and subsequent Latin dance party was a lot of fun. They played a good mix of bachata, merengue, and salsa. If you don't know how to, there's lessons and the instructors are very patient. The lesson is free and there's no cover charge. I would come back for the dancing but probably not for a meal with the exception of small plates. Saturday nights also have the potential to be fun but the last time I was there, the music was good (mix of Latin, Caribbean, pop, hip hop, etc.) but the crowd was definitely iffy. It was a little sparse and then there was Officer Twerk-A-Lot. He served as bouncer and hype man but the night I was there, he was doing a lot of twerking and it was NOT cute. I know I stayed off the dance floor for fear of being twerked on and/or hip checked out of the way. Street parking right in front and on side streets. I haven't had any problems finding parking around the area.
So I've been here a couple of times and I've had great food and great service. But my most recent visit, has completely changed my view on this restaurant and I will never eat here again. The food was horrible ! I ordered a few appetizers, and they took forever to come out. On top of that my waiter forgot to bring the bread I was offered. The food was disgusting, the prosciutto taste and smelled like it had been left out on the counter over night. So I ask for my check. Took me 10 mins to get my check. And I had to wait 10 mins for her to pick the check up.(she was taking shots with her friends while I waited to get my check ) The waiter appeared to be a little intoxicated. All in all I probably will never spend another dime there.
OMFG. Meal was amazing from top to bottom.  Very nice bar, cool drink menu, nice atmosphere, and a chef that is an artist from his display to the palate.  Try this place, cant wait to return!
Next time you're out and about on a Saturday night and you're unsure of your next late night destination, head to Epic.  This is my absolute favorite place to stumble into with a handful of my girlfriends.  It's clean, the atmosphere is nice, and the drinks aren't unreasonably expensive.  Street parking usually isn't too difficult either.   On Saturday nights, they clear out all the tables and bring in a DJ. They also have a hype man of sorts who busts moves all over the "dance floor".  He is amazing. You must see him for yourself.  Also, maybe it's just me (it's not), but I feel very comfortable dancing like an idiot here.  This alone is worth four stars in my book.   While I love visiting Epic for the nightlife, I was not sure how my first experience would be dining there.  It wasn't high on my list of places to check out due to mixed reviews.  However, when Groupon sent me an additional $10 off any deal, I decided to use the discount on a certificate for Epic.   And I am so glad I did!   My fiance and I had dinner here this past Saturday night.  When we arrived around 7, we were the only people there aside from a couple of people hanging out at the bar.  A little strange, I thought. We were seated immediately and our server provided some useful advice with their wine list.  We settled on a dry riesling, which proved to be perfect for a warm summer evening.  We then ordered the airline chicken and Atlantic salmon.  Our server assured us that these were great choices and informed us that the chef at Epic used to cook for the band, Phish. This was an extra fun fact because my fiance is mildly obsessed with them.  Me, on the other hand, not so much... Regardless, our meals came out quickly.  We were impressed with the presentation of both dishes.  Everything was plated beautifully and we couldn't wait to dig in.  The chicken was cooked perfectly and was served on top of a mountain of pesto mashed potatoes. Holy crap, those potatoes were good. I could have eaten an entire plate of them alone.  The dish also featured organic carrots which were crisp while still being tender. Yum.  The drizzle of balsamic over everything really perfected the dish. I love, love, loved this and would come back and order it again in a heartbeat.   My fiance devoured the salmon.  Normally I am not a salmon fan, but I loved the way that this was prepared.  It was almost charred but didn't taste burnt.  The basmati rice and purple cabbage were perfect accompaniments to the dish. Over all, the meal was very, very good.  Because we both enjoyed our experience so much, we were a little puzzled as to why this place was so empty.  The prices are high (expect to drop between $25- 40 on an entree) but this wasn't surprising given the quality of the food.   Epic is a great spot whether you're looking for a quick drink (I've heard the happy hour specials are excellent), a date spot or a place to boogie down on a Saturday night... and we'll be back for all of the above!
We love coming to Epic. The waiters REALLY know what they are talking about (not just some kid who knows nothing and ask to ask the chef or the bartender every time you have a question), and they are extremely attentive (just the right amount!) and courteous. The atmosphere/ambience is nice, although I would much prefer a Saturday evening dinner than a Friday. They run happy hour specials on Friday nights (and other weekday nights as well) so there are a lot of college or post-college students in the bar area and they are typically rowdy and loud. We have been to Epic 3-4 times and have always liked everything we ordered (some dishes more than others). We usually do the whole appetizers+main dishes+desserts+bottles of wine ordeal, so we have sampled quite a bit of the menu over the past 2 years. Everything is always excellent and we are always stuffed. The ONLY reason I gave it 4 stars is because in my opinion, it is slightly overpriced. If I remember correctly, main dishes are anywhere between $25-45 with most of them sitting in the mid-30s range, and they are usually pork or chicken or some kind of fish and beef (but never filet mignon). Maybe it's just me but I just don't think a chicken or pork or fish dish justifies a $30-35 price tag, with steaks in the mid-high 30s. I personally would rather go to the Chop House or Russell's or any other top steak houses and pay a little extra to get a filet. Appetizers were all in the $8-15 range, which in my opinion, also a little overpriced for what they are and the portion sizes. But of course, this is just my opinion. We still love it and will go back, but maybe just once a year on special occasions. PS. i think Friday nights at 10pm they have free salsa lessons? not sure if that's still going on. It sounds like a lot of fun but unfortunately we just have never dined there that late to witness it.
Easy place to go - always know there will be both amazing food and service...feel free to pick anything on the menu, you are guaranteed to fall in love! We have been to Epic twice now and each time both food and service were impeccable. As for appetizers we fell in love with the brussel sprout salad and lobster risotto. We also splurged and got the cream of asparagus soup with truffle oil and Caesar salad to split ... Loved both. Between the two of us we have tasted the tarragon salmon, airline chicken, grilled ribeye and angus steak, everything was prepared perfectly. We are looking forward to trying the seafood pasta! Service and atmosphere are welcoming and there is always parking right in front !
My friends and I wanted to get our groove on and shake it out on the dance floor with some scantily clad honeys. We showed up and the music was bumping and girls were twerking. ALL WAS GOOD. We ordered some drinks and hit to the dance floor and had a good time. My compliant is that I must have been over served. I woke up this morning with a headache and tons of regret. Should I feel that way after only 4 shots and 5 beers? I DONT THINK SO. The bartenders need to start doing their jobs and thinking about how their customers will feel on Sunday mornings. FIX IT OR I AM NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN!
This review will probably help no one but I'm okay with that! Can't speak about the food, customer service, or drinks. What I can speak about it the amazing atmosphere! Landed here on Saturday with a group of friends. The plan was to go to Epic for a drink and then go to Cantina Loco. We never ended up going to Cantina. We were having too much fun dancing at Epic. There was a great DJ playing a whole mix of songs... Not like downtown where I only recognize about 5% of the songs. Epic was playing great hits like Billy Jean, and Miami (Will Smith). There was also a great crowd there. The next day I was talking with a friend and we kept saying how much fun it was and how unexpected it was. I would definitely come back!
I have been here for night life and romantic dates. I only eat here with a groupon though bc it is pricey. the last time I went they had tuna steak instead of the salmon. It was soo good I recommend getting that if they have it. My boyfriend got the pork chop, he liked it. The dishes are always well made with good presentation. The service is good too. At night the bar is usually a good crowd, people in late twenties and thirties. Not a college bar very much. The hip-hop night is good with lots of dance space. I like epic, its a good night spot and special occasion dinner spot... however don't sit under the fan I was cold last time.
Salsa? Meringue? Bachata fan? Get your butt over to Epic! Admittedly, I haven't sampled much of their food or drinks, but I do know that if you're a fan of Salsa dancing...Epic is the place to be on Friday nights. The drinks are reasonably priced. Every Friday, Calvin and Fanny host a free salsa lesson (around 10pm?) followed by many hours of music (not live unfortunately), up until 4am or so. There is no cover. It can get crowded and it might be tough to make your moves on the crowded dance floor, but the crowd is friendly and it fills up by midnight. I love getting out of my comfort zone and doing a little salsa dancing. If you're more of a beginner, it may be helpful to learn in a more comfortable setting. The Baila Salsa Dance Company also offer Salsa lessons every Wednesday at the The Pucho Olivencia Center on 261 Swan St. starting at 7pm (it's only $5 or so). Enjoy!
Epic probably has the best happy hour I have found in the Elmwood Village.  Their happy hour is DAILY from 5-8pm.  They offer  1/2 off appetizers, $5 martinis, 2 for $5 domestic and select import beer.  I believe they may also have a wine special.  Although their happy hour appetizer menu is a scaled down version of the normal appetizer menu, they still have some tasty choices.   My dining companion and I came on a weekday around 6PM.  The bar had no empty seats left.  However, Epic has high bar tables with chairs in the bar area.  We are able to score a spot at one of these, which worked out perfectly.  It was more secluded enough from the bar for some catch-up chit chat and family gossip between my cousin and me. We shared two of the appetizers....banana peppers and the chicken flat bread.   The banana peppers were served with 3, stuffed with Italian sausage, Parmesan, herbed ricotta and mozzarella with house made marinara on a bed of balsamic baby spinach.  I LOVE me some banana peppers, and these were tasty!  The chicken flat bread was actually quite a pleasant surprise.  I wasn't expecting much when we ordered this, but it was the only other option mutually agreed upon.  You could choose between two options with the flat bread:  marinara & mozzarella or garlic, olive oil, tomato, basil and mozzarella.  You could also select from either chicken or steak.  We settled on the chicken, with the garlic, olive oil, tomato and basil.  It was absolutely delicious!  It had the perfect combination of garlic and spice.  And it was a decent size too! The bartender was extremely friendly.  She even kept walking over to our "bar" table with drinks and brought our food over to us, as opposed to us going up to the bar.  She often checked on us....this was more like service you would receive from a waitress, rather than the ONLY bartender behind the bar.
One of my favorite bars and restaurants in buffalo.  Classy and affordable, great for dates and social gatherings. Menu changes with the seasons and is a must stop if you come to Buffalo! Friday nights are a blast with dance lessons and Saturday at bumping with the DJ. Bring a group of friends and you will not regret the stop here...everyone is friendly and more then welcoming.
Great happy hour $5.00 Martinis and Wine, buy one get one  bottled beer and half off appetizers. Sign me up
Oh my, I'm not really sure what they're trying to do here.  I found the Wine Thief's space to be a little cold and impersonal (very roomy but no where to comfortably stand).  However.  Throwing up a bunch of neon signs and lights does not class the place up.  There are bright shiny lights all over the place!!!  And a tick-tacky awning.   Misguided "klassy" just equals "tacky".  And boy was it tacky. My bottle of processo was fine, but yanno, it was a bottle of prosecco.
I'm giving this place 4 stars because they have good wine. Not all the choices from A to Z. But enough. The happy hour is good. The appetizer menu is limited but it's ok. You can even finish up with good coffee and dessert. Service is grrrrreat. L be back soon Epic. :)
Wow!  I love this place.  The decor is wonderful... the service is perfect... and the food is delicious.  There's also a terrific wine list (which is always a big plus for me). I went for an early dinner, before the theater, this past Saturday night and was quite impressed.   I only wish I had more time to linger because I was so darn happy in this restaurant. My starter of a mixed green salad with a mozzarella bubble (seriously....it was really a bubble puffed up with air sitting on top of my salad) was fantastic!  Of course it looked cool, but even following the necessary deflation I was happy just eating the thing.  It was perfectly dressed and the tomatoes and watermelon sitting on top of the greens were delightful.  My dinner date's peppermint panna cotta, arranged with a mosaic of roasted beets with melted tomatoes was equally impressive.  How did they make that mosaic of veggies?  They were like perfect little tiles of happiness.  And (BONUS!)  they tasted great! So did the panna cotta (a custard like dish not usually seen in these parts). Our entrees were equally delicious.  My companion had the monk fish which was perfectly prepared, and I had the raspberry glazed beets with preserved lemon panna cotta, pumpernickel toast and sunflower seed brittle.  It was PERFECT!!  If I had to find a flaw I would say that the toast was unnecessary.  But, I'm searching here.  Such a happy medley of flavors! It was one night that I wished we weren't going to the theater so I could have been tempted by dessert.  Next time, because I'll DEFINITELY be back!
It's a wine bar that has no rose. How about a glass of chilled red? Just one, a sweet dessert wine. I don't want white wine unless it's really great white wine and that generally means it's expensive. I trust moderately priced rose to be drinkable, refreshing and what's more? It's amusingly festive. I guessed and got a Spanish white wine that was $9 a glass - which is steep. It was fine. The room seems nice and the service attentive, but the wine list is lame.
Stopped in the other day with a friend for happy hour. I was in search of a place with good happy hour specials, and everyone had great things to say about this place. Epic has the best happy hour that I've been to in the area. For drinks, I ordered the martini that featured a concoction of baileys, amaretto, and other similar liquors. For food, we ordered stuffed banana peppers and the filet sliders. The two banana peppers were presented loaded with meat atop a thick baguette. The juicy sliders were accompanied with waffle style homemade potato chips and a Gouda fondue dipping sauce. At $5 per martini and under $10 per app, Epic has a HH that can be appropriately described by the name of the restaurant.
My gf from Manhattan was impressed and so was I because the decor, design and furniture Screamed Quality. The drinks were were fairly priced & the leather couches we lounged on were brand new and comfortable. The bartender was attentive & the owner greeted us with a round of shots. I will be back......................
Although I had read the reviews prior to eating at Epic, I was still disappointed. My boyfriend and I arrived around 8:30 on Friday night. It was busy but there was a table outside; our server Shaun was great. Our food was delicious, we shared the banana pepper appetizer and both had the NY Strip steak ($29) and kept commenting about it. The reason I gave the restaurant two stars is for how inefficiently managed it is. There was only one server for the entire restaurant. Although our food came out on time it took us 10-15 minutes to pay. Epic needs more staff on busy nights. I would go back for the steak on a less busy night.
Would be alot better if they featured a few vegetarian items.  Most of their menu was meat and potato based... The service was really nice though, and after dinner we retired to some of their in house leather chairs to digest the meal.  I went with a Groupon coupon, it was well worth the $40 that was paid. Also, server mentioned that all items were made in house, which is very appealing!  I live down the road but considering only one vegetarian option, probably won't make this the new staple go to when I don't want to cook place.  :-)
My husband and I went to this restaurant for the first time, Groupon in hand. When we were here last it was a Florist Shop and the year was 1985.  It has been through quite a lot of businesses since then. Had no expectations just out for a good meal before we went to see Twilight Breaking Dawn II. As we entered I was please by the feel of the place, not too crowded, the lighting was pleasant.  Our waiter was not disdainful of the Groupon offering. He took it right away and said he would take care of it.  We loved the beer and wine menus. After a short look-see we ordered a bottle of Rioja Blanca, which was fabulous.  The food menu was very thoughtful and interesting.  We decide to have the Crab-Lobster Bisque, The Brussels Sprouts Salad cooked with Bacon and Walnuts, The Quail stuffed with Prosciutto and split the Mushroom Strudel.   The Crab Lobster Bisque was delicious. It was chock full of Crab Meat and Lobster. It would have been better if it was a little hotter. The Brussels Sprouts Salad cooked with bacon and walnuts were wonderful.  They were not greasy at all. They had a bacon finish but were not overpowered by the bacon.  The quail was done to perfection and the Prosciutto stuffing though a bit mushy was very tasty. The pomegranate sauce was slightly tart. Which was very nice, I dipped The Brussels Sprouts in it as well.  The Mushroom Strudel was perfectly cooked. The Filo dough was crispy and the mushroom stuffing was full of savory goodness. Our waiting was attentive, knowledgeable and funny. He made the whole experience special. We will be coming back with or without a Groupon.   Epic is a good name for this place. It is a fun risk taking journey.
We enjoyed our Restaurant Week meal, our server was very knowledgeable and helpful. Brought a couple of wine tastings for us as I couldn't decide, ended up with a bottle of great J.Lohr merlot. Sat outside, beautiful weather. The salmon was perfect, the NY Strip was overdone, but quickly taken care of and the steak I enjoyed was cooked perfectly. It's just the location sucks with the Rite Aid across the street, makes for crappy scenery.
My husband and I went here because he bought a Groupon. The place looks really nice inside and the service was prompt. The bread they brought out with a dipping oil that had balsamic vinegar and rosemary was fantastic. My husbands caesar was good but WAY too cold. My crab bisque tasted good but wasn't hot enough and was overly rich and cream heavy. My husband's lamb chop entree was the best lamb I've ever had. Absolutely perfect. The asparagus though was overcooked to the point of being mushy. I ordered lobster risotto which is a favorite of mine but was disappointed. The flavor was good-very lobster-y, but the texture was pasty and chewy. My husband said it was like eating thick oatmeal. I guess risotto is a tough dish to master because I have had a few great ones and many not so great ones at the restaurants I've been to. Many dessert options but we were too full to try them. would've liked to have tried white chocolate creme brulee with raspberry. I don't understand the previous review where someone complained about neon signs all over because I didn't see that. The price wasn't bad with the Groupon but wouldn't have been worth the cost otherwise, except for the lamb. My husband also said his red wine was very good. Would also like to try the grilled romaine salad if we give this place another try.
Stopped in for drinks the other day and this place was OK. There was a record label release party going on, so there was some decent House music going on. Crowd was pretty energetic and getting their groove on. Had some good beer taps, I drank some Rare Vos. Decor inside was cool too, lots of wood with a wine bar atmosphere. Definitely wouldn't mind checking out the dinner menu at some point.
First time at Epic last night. Great meal wine and especially the service. Our server made the perfect wine suggestions. Looking forward to a return visit
Huge disappointment- Waited forever for drinks, bread and dinner and would have been okay if it was all worth the wait but it was pretty bad- Too much to go into detail with each menu item we ordered but this is an honest review- it was bad from sit down to check request. Noticed the table of three girls next to us complained to the manager and got complimentary desserts so we asked how they were but they told us they couldnt finish them, that they were as bad as their meals. My fiance & I left 3/4 of our meals on the plate and just wanted to leave so didnt bother complaining for a lousy free dessert but would definitely not bother with a 2nd try here. There are too many great restaurants in the area that there is no need to waste your time here. Thanks Epic, for helping me keep my New Years resolution to eat less!
Overall I have always liked Epic. I have liked the bartenders, the food, the wine and the service. I do think their entrees are overpriced for the quality, but that is just my opinion. My 2 rating is due to a happy hour visit. Epic offers happy hour until 8p. My friend and I were at the restaurant by 730, ordered wine, asked for food menus and received our wine. The waitress did not come back to take our food order until after 8p even though we tried to get her attention. She then came over and said the happy hour prices ended and we would be charged full price. We asked if there was anything she could do and she said no. My friend asked her to ask her manager and she came back and said nothing they could do. We cashed out our wine and left and went and spent $60 on appetizers down the street, tipping the bartender $20 of that $60 because she was awesome. I think we would have done the same with Epic if they said "hey, I know you were here ... the next glass of wine is on us or we will only charge you for one app". But we were just told no. It was fine that we left, they didn't seem to care and the manager never came over.  Money wasn't the issue obviously, it was the service.
Dinner at Epic was 'almost' epic! The special grilled romaine with bacon lardons and blue cheese vinaigrette was perfect - slightly charred at the edges, complimented well by a light dressing and topped with crunchy brown lardons of bacon. The planked salmon with maple glaze was cooked to a perfectly medium temp and served with black quinoa on the side. The grilled duck breast was medium rare, as requested, with a sweet/tart bing cherry reduction and a creamy granny apple risotto. Beautifully presented, and so good that I cleaned my plate. The airline chicken was served with basil mashed potatoes, which we all loved. The ahi tuna was a bit of a disappointment, as it was rather bland, even though it was accompanied by wasabi risotto and picketed ginger. The wine selection is extensive, and there are many available by the glass as well. Dessert selections are a bit thin - we were hoping for a chocolate treat but no chocolate this night. Hopefully on our next trip! Service was very good and the food was also very good overall. Definitely a restaurant to put in your list of places to go.
I was visiting my brother (I live in a suburb of Boston, MA) and let me just say we had an "Epic" evening. It started when we ordered cocktails and we engaged our waiter, Sean in conversation. It turned out that we were all originally from the West Side. From that point on it was like we were long lost friends. The food was delicious. I ordered the tenderloin of beef  and it was expertly prepared to my requested medium rare. My brother had the duck, about which he raved. The Merlot suggested by Sean complemented both of our meals. We enjoyed our meals so much that we asked to meet the chef. I'm sorry I can't remember his name but he was very cordial and classically trained. Before we knew it, amidst all the joviality our glasses were being refilled on the house. Then the owner, Adam, came over and the next thing that happened was shots of tequila! If you want excellent food and a VERY friendly atmosphere, you must try Epic on Elmwood.
