It has been such a joy working with Sabina and watching her art metamorphose over the past few years that I've known her. Sabina's professionalism and passion for her work as a photographer and graphic artist emanate from each picture. An especially admirable quality, is Sabina's willingness and zeal for thinking and literally seeing outside the box. Our most recent photo shoot was quite an adventure, climbing wild oaks, swimming through seas of ivy, and finding our way through barbed wire fences to reach a glorious field of yellow mustard plant. Sabina is truly a one of a kind artist and her work is absolutely transcendent. You will find no other photos like hers and no sweeter or more genuine artist. Thank you so much Sabina! Looking forward to our next shoot!
I feel very lucky to have found Sabina before she rockets into what will be a most stellar career. I found myself in need of a photographer for our small civil ceremony back in my hometown of SLO (okay, Atascadero, so shoot me). Being addicted to all things internet, I perused Yelp and Craigslist and found just a handful of postings that seemed credible. I emailed a few and greatly appreciated Sabina's prompt, courteous and informative reply. (Not to mention her online portfolio that showed a creative eye for photography and not a single cliched or cheesy shot.) With only a few descriptive emails back and forth (and not a single meeting or phone call), my husband-to-be and I arrived at the County Clerk's office, met up with Sabina and walked right in for our marriage license and civil ceremony. She did an impeccable job of capturing special moments and expressions in a rather drab county office and extremely small government 'chapel', all the while making everyone feel at ease. And, even better, we then headed outside. Sabina had already scouted out three great spots within two blocks for little, mini-shoots (all-the-while staying away from the Mission where every other wedding photo in San Luis comes from). With each setting, she managed to create wonderful candid shots that were unique and perfect and just looked happy. For a two-hour shoot (and a very reasonable price), we were so happy with what Sabina captured. Given our rather nontraditional wedding, I'm very glad that we'll have these photos and memories to keep. Sabina absolutely understood--and improved on--what I'd described in our email exchanges. And, the full suite of images was uploaded to an online album in less than a week.   I would recommend Sabina without reservation. Her professionalism and attention to detail belie her young age and her talent, efficiency and creative eye all trump it all.
Sabina is amazing. Very professional, very talented. She took our engagement photos and did an amazing job! She was very easy to work with and was open to hearing our ideas. She made us look amazing and we got the pictures back really fast. We've already booked her to be our wedding photographer!
I met Sabina through the music department at Cal Poly. I needed to get photographs done for posters advertising my senior recital. I asked Sabina to be my photographer because I had seen head shots she had done for other colleagues and I was impressed with the quality of her work. She was very easy to contact, flexible, and followed through with our plans. She took my needs for the photo shoot into consideration and made me feel comfortable during the entire shoot. She edited the photographs very quickly and I loved how they turned out. I put my favorite photograph from our session on the poster and received MANY compliments on the photo. Even today, months later, people still mention the photograph. I have recommended her a friend who was equally happy with Sabina's work. I recommend Sabina to anyone who is looking for an affordable photographer with a great attitude, work ethic, and talent.
