Dear Whole you Spa, At first, I was afraid I was petrified..... but now that I've experienced The Whole You Spa, I am a huge huge huge fan. Ok so I didn't love a carpeted spa, but that's not up to me. I truly enjoyed my groupon spa experience (relax massage). Once you get over the fact that WYS is a medical/spa facility, you will relax and enjoy your service. I loved my massage therapist, Agnes, and am excited at the idea of returning for other massages!
I was gifted a groupon for the microdermabrasion facial & hot stone massage; the receptionist was very kind and accommodating (I redeemed it on the last day. Oops). The woman who did my facial, Rana, was super nice and we chatted during the facial. However, I had a 1:30 appt and wasn't seen until about an hour later because some of their staff were running late and in return, their other patients were being seen at later times!!! After the facial I had to wait about 30 more minutes for the masseuse, Mauricio (apparently he was the ONLY masseuse available that day). He was professional but I got a creepy vibe from him. He told me himself that the hot stone massage is a gimmick and they are a rehabilitation center but just added "spa" to their name in order to attract customers. In Conclusion: the facial was nice (even though I don't see or feel a difference). The receptionist was very kind. The massage was NOT all that great (it felt like a rub down).
So last week, I purchased a Groupon for a microdermabrasion session at The Whole You Spa - a medical spa located by my house in Riverdale.  I never had one, and have only had about 5 basic facials in my entire life. The idea of it always sounded appealing to me, because I am under the impression that my skin is thick, and can handle a few layers removed.  That and the fact that once these top few layers are removed, your skin care regimen can be improved because it does not have to fight so hard to fuse with your skin. The facial started out with a toning, normal scrub exfoliation, and a moisturizing.  this is always enjoyable, and I knew it was to prep the skin, exfoliate, and hydrate before this little vacuum and crystals suck away. I really thought it was going to be some sort of a scrub, because they say crystals are used.  She let me know that she can adjust the pressure so that if it feels too uncomfortable she can alleviate it a bit...hmm, this is where I am like "Oh jeez what am I about to get into?" She gave me an initial little suck toward the top of my hairline and I was like "That's it??" it really felt like a dream.  It was exactly what I wanted to have done.  It was like a comfortable small hose going over your skin, and you feel the suction with what feels like little grains of sand coming down in the process.  I really felt like the top layers of my skin (which in my head I call rubbery skin, I know I am kind of weird) were being vacuumed up. As she finished up, she let me know that my skin would definitely be a little dry after the process.  Rightfully so I believe since it just got the sucking of its life.  This is where my oatmeal mask came in (an extra $15).  It really smelled like heaven, and my skin did feel hydrated afterwards.   Because I am familiar with skin care, and the logic it involves, in my head I was hoping she put an SPF of 30 or greater on me, which she did :) I had the idea in my head that I could potentially break out a little from the process.  Why did I think that?  Well, its a vacuum effect.  If it is sucking up all of the oils and blackheads I have lingering around, its obviously not going to get everything out in one shot.  It will push everything up, but that is a good thing.  So I do have a few new bumps that have surfaced, but nothing I cant handle.  I am not going to pick, scrub or anything like that.  I will use my liquid BHA (Beta Hydroxy Acid) which I will use from a cotton swap to dry everything out.  I might get a regular extraction in a month and another microdermabrasion in 2... My analysis.  If you scrub your skin alot, get many many facials, and your skin is not in a chilled state of mind.. be easy on it before you go :) The reason for 4 and not 5 stars is I wish they had some candles or something burning.  That is all! Hope this helps, as I really did not know what to expect. Samantha Lennon
I visited this establishment today for an eyelash extension I had purchased through Groupon. Let me start off by saying this is NOT a spa. It is a medical office that they have dubbed a spa. A wall of medical charts will greet you. I was escorted into the room brusquely. There was no background music as I lay still for 35 minutes while she applied the lashes. After she completed the application I opened my eyes and they were BURNING!!!!  My eyes continued to tear for 5 minutes, I could barely open them.   I have had eyelashes put on before and my eyes have never burned. What's worse, after I asked for a mirror I noticed only 75% of my eyelid was done.  She had not applied any lashes to the inner part of my eye.   I told the lady who did them and she said this is what the groupon covers and if I was more i have to pay extra. This is completely ridiculous because the Groupon states it is for an eyelash extension. It is reasonable to expect it to be for the WHOLE eyelid.   I told the lady at the front desk and rather than trying to work with me, she was reading over the groupon and trying to tell me it is not for a full set of extensions. This was not written anywhere on the Groupon and was not on any of the papers I signed. Who pays for half an eyelid of extensions!?!?!   I left telling them that they should want people to walk out happy rather than annoyed at the shoddy service.  The lady then calls me 10 minutes and tries to explain how they went above and beyond, usually they only put 8 lashes, and they put 15 on me.  All I can tell is that only half my eye has lashes.  Who does that?? Horrible customer service. I will definitely not be returning.
Pros: - Excellent Service - Friendly Staff - Warm Blanket during your massage - House Call Options Cons: - None. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Note: - I had to pre-pay for service via credit card over the phone to hold and guarantee my appointment. - If you're a new client, arrive 15 minutes prior to your appointment because you'll be expected to fill out some paperwork. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ My Experience: Prior to moving to NY, I regularly received massages from a personal therapist that worked at my family SPA business. I suffer from chronic back pains due to a broken tail bone incident. However, ever since I moved to New York...it's been very hard for me to find a replacement for the excellent massage therapist that I had back home. I needed someone who has the magic hands that I am in dire need of and is spot on with their pressure points. I've been to several places in New York and most of them have been a pure disappointment  to me....until NOW. I called to make an appointment for the same day. Mila, (owner) explained to me over the phone briefly of how my expected service would entail. I had to pre-pay my service via credit card to hold my appointment. I honestly felt a little weary about that at first, only because I don't feel comfortable giving my credit card information over the phone. But then again, who doesn't? I was advised that If I so happen to cancel or not show up, my credit card would still be charged. I am not sure if this was only done because I made a same day appointment or if this is their regular standard procedure? Just a little FYI. It might be something you want to ask them if you are interested in making an appointment  for a future date and find out what their policy is if you may need to reschedule. When I walked in, I was greeted by Mila, a sweet Russian woman  who was sitting behind the reception area. Beside her was my massage therapist (George). Mila was really nice and made you feel like you are  not just walking into her spa, but you were walking into her own home.  The place was simple and clean. We chatted briefly about my major concerns where my pain consisted of and the history from what has caused the pain. My massage with George was fabulous! The massage table was comfy with what seemed to be an electric blanket underneath the sheets to keep you warm. George was very professional. Attentative to my main concerns. He knew his pressure points. I seriously felt like I was getting a massage from one of my regular therapists from back home. He was definitely a life saver! At the end of my session, George took some time to show me some exercises to help condition the pains that I get and left me with a little homework to take home. It was definitely a great experience and I am coming back again! =)
Went for acupuncture just tonight.  I can't really speak more highly of The Whole You.  Granted, I haven't gotten a massage or a facial.  But Dr. Gregory is calm and knowledgeable.  The staff is friendly and totally accommodating.  I don't get out of work until late and they squeezed me in for this wretched headache I've been having.  And the price for the acupuncture treatment is more than competitive. I have no complaints.  All I can say is that you'll be in for a professional and knowledgeable experience and you'll most likely come out very happy.
First I will start by saying; THIS IS NOT A SPA, I repeat THIS PLACE IS NOT A SPA. Is a therapy place. I've been to this place 2 times, the first was through a deal from a known web company who gives discounts. When I called to make the appointment the lady I spoke to was very nice and pleasant and told me she would call me the day before to remind me about my appointment. She did, but called almost at 11 pm. My phone is on sleep mode and so am I. When I arrived I was greeted by a lady (late 50's with an accent) who was not so polite and gave me a look that made me feel cheap for using a discount coupon. I arrived 15 minutes before my appointment because I needed to fill out a few forms. Once I did and gave it back to her, she's giving me a lecture about what to expect and when on and on regarding how experienced they are because they are licensed. All I wanted was a swedish massage, not a lecture. Not much for seating area, I wasn't even offered water as the usual spa do, oh right; because THIS PLACE IS NOT A SPA. I get called in and as I'm walking into the place, it looks very dated and smells old. The room was not so inviting, had a fake candle and what seems to be laundry bags of used towels. It also had tons of baggage, I guess with other massaging equipment. The "therapist" was more concern about me paying $15 extra for an extra 20 minutes than actually providing me the service I wanted. However I must say she did a pretty good job; so much so that I even scheduled another appointment with her for the following week. I got a call the night before my appointment; AGAIN almost at 11pm. The following day when I arrived it was crowded. There were 3 young ladies who were filling out paper work and they were VERY LOUD, laughing and talking to one another. I got called in and the therapist put some hot stones on my back and walk out of the room for like 7 minutes, then came back again to put more stones and left for another 10. When she returned she barely touched me and only worked on my back when I told her I wanted my legs caps as well to be worked on. The front desk lady wanted to immediately schedule me for another session; which I did. Then called the day after to cancel. Will not got back EVER!.
I had seen newspaper ads for this spa in my local paper for quite some time and always wanted to try it.  I finally scheduled an appointment for a Swedish massage (i.e. not deep tissue).  My massage therapist was friendly and professional.  She talked to me about my concerns and problem areas, and other than that didn't talk to me much, but that's how I prefer it - I go to a spa to relax, not to chat with a stranger!  The massage was wonderful and relaxing, the environment clean.  It is a medical office type space, but they have it outfitted perfectly fine.  We're in the Bronx; there's not a whole lot of space for expansive spa locations!   The massage was a standard price - not cheap, not expensive.  I did have a coupon which was nice.   There is no onsite parking, so I parked across the street a meter.  The woman on the phone who took my appointment explained where there was some free parking, but I am not too familiar with that part of Riverdale, so I just parked where I found a spot.  I probably should have taken better notes.   I inquired afterward about acupuncture, and the receptionist was very helpful and provided me with informative literature, as well as their acupuncturist's information.   I would definitely return, and hopefully will be back soon for another massage as well as the acupuncture.
Massages are great, acupuncture not so great.. front desk has no people skills and completely stress me out before every appointment. She needs customer service training in how to make her customers feel welcome. Every time I ask a question about a charge or try to discuss something, she just stares me down as if she can't believe I'm bothering her... very rude... and it's not cheap; for these prices I'd expect better service. I literally dread calling because they are so rude on the phone. And yes, this is NOT a spa. The gentlemen who work here don't flush in the tiny, very un-spa-like bathroom, so I have to see that. They even lock the front door so you have to be buzzed in which makes no sense - no one else does that in Riverdale. It is not at all welcoming or a relaxing environment. Every time I had acupuncture, he would come in several times when I was supposed to be lying there in quiet, relaxing, and crumple tinfoil for a few minutes, and leave... over and over. And then he would ask if I'm relaxed and I would always say, no, because you woke me up each time you came in. The last time I was in was a horrible experience, and the front desk didn't offer to give me a credit, just apologized for him. I had microbrasion - terrible, rude, and yes, I agree with past posters - they should not tell you to leave a tip - I always feel pressured even if I don't think it was deserved. I wanted to love this place and support a local business, but they need to learn better customer service.
This place is great! Everyone was friendly and professional.. I had an upper back massage from Carlos and he was perfect- he focused on the areas where I had pain and he was extremely good at it! He definitely knows what he is doing! I will definitely be back for another round!
Bought a Groupon for $59 eyelash extension with one touch-up.  The woman at the desk was nice enough. The woman who applied my eyelashes ugghh no personality, not pleasant at all.  Ok, so I am only getting my eyelashes done, I dont really need warm fuzziness.  Seemed like she didnt wanna be bothered with me a Groupon purchaser or maybe she just didnt wanna be bothered period dont want to assume it was because I was a coupon purchaser.  It was a little attitude mixed with one word answers and uh-huhs  as replies.  She lays me on the table and asks me how many if I want 2 lashes per eye instead of one its $30 extra.  I was taking a trip for the weekend and I wanted a little more drama so I agreed. Silly me she asked if I wanted them longer than my natural eyelashes, I am like yeah  but not too much I dont wanna look like Rupaul.  I walked out looking exactly like I came in maybe a lil bit fuller. I was on my lunch hour by the time I realized I was back at work just frustrated and had a trip to go on.  The girl at tthe desk did ask me how I liked them and I said they didnt look too much different and she said something generic like... oh really,  nothing like let me get her or anything to resolve it.  I was in a rush too so I was like whatever, I am careless with my money like that but I am advising you all so you wont be.  I never went for the touch up cause the lashes were off by the time I came back from my trip.  Dont go there find a better place not worth it. I have had lashes other places in the past and used coupons and gotten much better eyelashes and treatment. Spent $90 for nothing!!!!
I have been getting massages at The Whole You Spa for a few years now and with the exception of one negative incident with a massage therapist being a bit rude I have for the most part enjoyed my massages there. The one thing that turns me off is that they ask you how you will be paying for the tip.  This spa is more of a medical setting and It is not customary to tip a massage therapist in a medical setting. In addition, a client reserves the right to tip only if they are satisfied with the service and should not be pressured to tip by the owner or staff. Asking how you are going to cover the tip is just a little Pretentious to me. It ruins the mood after a great massage so I'd suggest they not do that. Other than that I will continue getting massages here, especially with Agnes. She was awesome!!!
I had been to this "spa" before for a facial and was pleased with the technique. Even though my skin broke out after I was willing to give it another try. A few weeks later, I saw a Groupon for a microdermabrasion for $49 and happily bought it. Needless to say, I was not pleased. I went in late August. The procedure lasted 18 minutes. Yep, you read that right. The fluorescent lights were on the whole time (it was not the dim, soothing lighting I'd experienced with my full-priced facial); the woman doing the facial yapped the whole time; no soothing music; and in the end, she hardly bothered to clean my face. I had all these crystals left on there. (Another random practice: they make you fill out a "chart" for every different procedure. So if you go there 10 times for 10 different kinds of facials, expect to fill out a form every. single. time. Weird, and annoying) Groupon asked for feedback and I sent a terse email in reply. It seems, I wasn't the only one displeased. The Whole You Spa sent out a very long mass email to unhappy customers that really didn't say a whole lot of anything. I have no plans on returning.
HORRIBLE!!!  I had electrolysis by some lady named Rana (not sure how it is spelled). She was not friendly at all. She did not try to make friendly conversation EVER. The only time she pretty much spoke was to tell me I NEEDED a facial and that they offered them there. Basically, she was just trying to sell me more things. TRUST ME, I GET NOTHING BUT COMPLIMENTS ON MY SKIN.  When I was done with the session the lady at the front desk proceeded to hand me over an envelope for the tip....WHAT? how classless is that. I thought tips were given if you liked the service or if you felt the need to. Nonetheless the whole envelope thing basically pressured me into giving a tip. I never returned and will never return. According to whoever replied to one of the comments, this spa has over 6,000 clients. In my opinion if they have 6,000 with such nasty aura, they would have 20,000 if they were less fake and money hungry. Please give your money to people that not only offer you a service but, that also do it with a good and humble heart.
I decided to try the Whole You Spa for a massage from a local business in Riverdale. I've been getting weekly massages from another business since September but they were experiencing power outage problems due to hurricane Sandy and I really felt like getting a massage. I was optimistic after reading the abundance of positive reviews on Yelp. During my massage I felt that I needed more pressure and suggested it to my therapist who told me that I signed up for a relaxed massage. In all the years that I've had Swedish massages I never had a problem getting the force adjusted once requested, especially on a first visit. The massage felt like someone was just rubbing lotion on me and not worth $75. It was one of the worst massages I've received in years. When I left to pay the fee was now $85 which I thought included a gratuity. However, I was asked for additional money for a gratuity. I said no thanks, paid my $85 cash and left. I will never return to that spa again. It's very important to leave a good first impression on a customer, especially on a first visit. If asked for adjustment to pressure during a massage an appropriate response may have been, you'll have to pay an additional -xx- amount because that's going to be another style of massage or just adjust the pressure. Make the customer leave feeling happy and know that they'll come back and you can sell additional packages. In my opinion an increase in massage pressure should not be a reason for a business to permanently loose a potential local customer.
This place is awesome! I had a great massage from Carlos and then a facial...but forgot her name :) The staff is very nice. I can't wait to go back!
I went in for a full leg waxing through a Yelp deal. I was able to make a same day appt. within an hour. I arrived early and was seen early. Check out was pretty simple although they refer that when you make your appt. you inform them that you have a deal. I think my esthetician did a great job and it was really quick and virtually painless. Would return with a deal, but not at regular price ($65).  My other compliant than price is the atmosphere. It looks more like a medical office than a spa.
If you're looking for a reasonably priced massage by a skilled therapist in a professional and soothing environment, The Whole You is a superb choice. I went in today for a therapeutic deep tissue massage - my neck and back were stiff and painful from a lot of stress I've had lately. I read all the positive reviews on here for The Whole You, and knew this was the place! As soon as I arrived, I felt welcome and at ease. The waiting area was clean and cozy, and the woman at the front desk (whose name I forgot to get) was very friendly. She had me fill out some paperwork, kind of like what you'd fill out at a doctor's office - asking about medical history, current complaints, etc. As soon as I was finished, I was introduced to Agnes, my massage therapist. She greeted me very warmly, and led me back to the massage room. The room was clean, dimly lit, and very quiet - the perfect environment for a relaxing massage. Agnes reviewed the paperwork I'd filled out, and asked me a few questions to determine exactly what she'd need to work on, then left me for a few minutes to get undressed and on the table. Once she returned, she put on some soothing music (ocean sounds with piano and acoustic guitar, if you're interested!) and started the massage. The next hour was absolutely blissful! I could tell that Agnes enjoys her work, and she's really, really good at it. She used a wide variety of pressure and techniques, and she was able to work the kinks out of my aching shoulders and neck. She incorporated heat packs to help warm and loosen my back muscles, and the smell of the lavender massage oil was the perfect compliment to the whole thing - such a relaxing scent. By the time my massage was over, I felt so relaxed, so de-stressed, and absolutely amazing! I made an appointment for next month, and I definitely plan to make massages here a part of my regular routine. The Whole You is truly a gem, and you owe it to yourself to get pampered there!!
I continue to find The Whole You Spa a reliably high quality resource for the neighborhood. I've only had massages but they are always highly skilled and therapeutic and with lasting effects.
I wish that I was able to give them 0 stars. First off, a spa this is not, so if you are looking for tranquility and the whole "spa" experience, this is not the place for you. As soon as you walk in, you are staring at medical charts and the atmosphere gives you doctor's office. On the particular day that I came, there were children running around the reception area with no adult supervision. I voiced my concern to the receptionist who led me into one of the back rooms (which I assume doubles as storage space) and was told to wait for my masseuse. When she walked in, she assured me that the screaming children would be drowned out by the "relaxing" music she was going to play. I could still hear the children screeching in the waiting area, as well as everyone walking past the room and their conversations. I told the masseuse I did not want to proceed and was going to leave. She then called the owner who proceeded to berate me and tell me that this is a family oriented spa but that children are normally not there. She then told me that I would still have to pay for my procedure although I did not receive any services altjough they falsely advertise their establishment as a "spa". I told the owner I would not authorize the charge if she did and she proceeded to tell me that this has happened before and she will still get her payment because she had my card information. AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!!!! THIS IS NOT A SPA, IT IS A MEDICAL OFFICE!
