I got a gift certificate for a European facial here and let me tell you...hands down, the best facial I have ever had.  Adriana left no stone un-turned and by stone I mean blackhead.  I walked in there with disgusting winter skin and she massage, extracted and left my skin refreshed and like new.  Absolutely glistening and new is my skin.   I am like a baby!
So it's a year later and Gabriella no longer works there. {Sniffles}. Adriana, the owner, provided a fantastic 90-minute facial. In addition to the European facial, both a rejuvenation and an oxygen mask were applied. The oxygen enzyme is actually foamy like mousse, which absorbs into your skin. Something else that was new was the addition of a hot pillow under your neck, hot socks for your feet, and hot mitts for your hands which then are further heated electrically, for about a 15-minute relaxation period. Very thorough, very clean, and still continues to be the best facial in Westchester.
This was my first time there; recommended by a friend. Had a terrific facial with Mirina; the facial was the European. She told me what kind of facial to get the next time based on her assessment of my skin. This is helpful because sometimes you want to go back but don't know what to get. Will definitely go back. The spa is small, intimate. Very clean. The receptionist was lovely and warm. My experience was great. Easy parking too. I have been to several spas, all over the country. I have to say this was the best.
This spa is private and not factory-like, lending a calming, and soothing atmosphere without all the pomp. I swear by Gabriela for facials. She is calming and provides a wealth of information on care for your skin type. She does thorough extraction, unlike some astheticians who squeeze a few blemishes, then slather layers of fancy product that you will inevitably be pressured to buy. Adriana uses the Sonya Dakar line, and will make suggestions only if asked. She even suggested I use up my current products before considering new ones as not to overwhelm the skin with different ingredients. This spa is one of the few local gems around.
This spa is very nice, very inviting and very relaxing.  I love the facials.  They are very expensive and rarely have specials, but the extractions will last you a long time.  I like to have a facial every 4 months, and I try my best to get them on specials and one time I went on a Spa Week and it was very worth it but I don't think I will go back without a special pricing.
Adriana's Spa is a pretty and cozy salon spa that will make you feel at home but away  at the same time.  Its services are always excellent and the staff is warm and professional.  If you are looking for a good massage or a terrific facial try them now!
I've been to many different spas all over the world and have had many facials, but this little cosy  spa so close to home beats them all! I'm convinced that Adriana and Gabriella's expert hands are bionic. They just have to be! The only other place to equal the attention and care you will receive at Adriana's Spa is at a cosmetic surgeons office. I highly recommend it.
