Went today for the first time and had an amazing massage.  I feel incredibly relaxed right now. The therapist clearly knew what she was doing and she was very polite too.  I hope to go again very soon!
Had a bit of back pain and went to see if they could work out a bit of the tightness in my back. Alana concentrated on the areas that I had pain and by the end of the hour I feel so much better. I would recommend this place for a bit of relaxation and therapy. I will def be back.
So, I really wanted to like it here, even though the pricing really isn't that great compared to a real spa, but I figured I'd give it a try.  I've gone twice and have had massages with Tasheen who was excellent.  I also tried Maria (I believe her name is) and she was good as well.  The reception in the front is awful though.  My massage started 5 minutes late, and they couldn't even be bothered to let me know that she was running a little late.  And Massage Envy emailed me an offer where I could get an hour massage for $49 and the receptionist looked at me like she had never seen that offer before. I think I'll spend the extra $20 on a massage at a spa and actually relax.
If you're looking for a really fancy day spa to get top of the line pampering with champagne & the works, Massage Envy in Closter is not for you.  It's moderately-priced membership ($63.13) is for everyday people who need some good ol' TLC when it comes to managing stress in their life (like me), an old injury or two (like me), and to gift oneself to an hour of relaxation.  Come a few minutes early and enjoy a hot cup of green tea to get the relaxation started a little early.  Once it's time, your therapist comes to meet you in the lobby area and leads you to one of the many individual massage rooms.  There's also a couple's massage room which I've never had a problem booking when I needed it.  Please note: You do not need to be a member to schedule appointments here; however, the monthly membership is a significantly discounted rate vs. the standard rate (I believe $99/hour). Hospitality/Customer Service: I've been a member here for almost 7 years.  When you pay a monthly membership fee, you want to feel like a valued guest, and, while that hospitality/welcome factor has gone up and down over the years, I'm happy to say it's finally leveled off as of lately.  Kelly and Mirella made a great team at the reception desk, but it went downhill after a few years when they left.  Allison has been at the reception desk for almost 2yrs I would say, and she has finally gotten a handle on it all and has studied her clientele; she is a great addition to the reception team at Massage Envy in Closter. Massage Therapists: I've had good massage sessions with Liz, Nicole, and Cruz.  But I have to admit my all time favorite is Tasheen.  She elevates the Massage Envy experience by making you feel at home.  She has a warmth to her and a soothing tone, and she really invests in her clients which is what I love and appreciate about her.  (I look forward to my sessions because I know I will not only get an amazing hour of relaxation, but most likely a life lesson or an epiphany/light bulb moment as well).  What I like is when you book an appointment, just describe whatever it is you're trying to accomplish, and you will be paired with the right therapist (be it light/medium/hard pressure, sports injury, etc.).  Also, if you're really in pain and/or just need an extra long massage, you can "upgrade" to an hour and a half.  I'm not sure what the non-member rate is, but for members, they literally will just deduct a "half hour" from the massage(s) you have accumulated. Guests/Gifts: I also really like the fact that my monthly massages accumulate if I miss a month (right now I have 6 accumulated lol).  If you don't always have time like me, do not fret!  You can "transfer" a massage as a gift to someone in the form of a gift card (+ $10 transfer fee).  This also applies to bringing a "guest."  The only stipulation is that the gift recipient/guest can only go once every 6 months to a location (since it's a membership benefit to receive massages at a discounted monthly rate). I have yet to try a facial, which is a new service they added a number of years ago (same cost as a monthly massage +$10 products fee).  I just scheduled my first facial for next month, so I will be sure to post an update then. Tip: Get there 10-15min early so you can unwind with (complimentary) hot tea. Tip: If you have a specific therapist in mind, book as early as you can (even one month in advance).  I know my fave, Tasheen, is always booked up. Fyi: There's plenty of parking as it's located in Closter Plaza. Be warned: There's a Harmon next door in addition to a really good nail salon.  So what you think is an $80+ day (massage + tip) almost always turns into a $200 day lol
Have been a customer since it opened more than five years ago. Caring owner, professional management, professional staff. Go out of my way to get there.
I used to be a member at this place, depending on which person you get to massage you it can be hit or miss. some girls are amazing others are a waste of time.
