Here's a typical weekend at Marcella: Musky, smokey dance floor. Tons of booze flowing out of the bar. Shots generously given away, especially if you let the shirtless bartenders feel your biceps (or so I hear)...Shirtless men with six packs walking around (with jello shots?). By 4am, your dignity may no longer be with you after some of things you've witnessed. Welcome to Marcella; one of the most fun dance clubs in Buffalo. When I was here, there was a bachelorette party of about 15 that got called up on stage during their Saturday night drag show (which starts at midnight). The bride-to-be was pressured into doing some pretty risque things with the shirtless six-packed man walking around with shots. Good times all around (and the MC gave everyone in that group some free shots!). Speaking of their drag shows, they are pretty fun and run every Saturday at midnight. Cool costumes and good moves all around. They also have a sexy underwear contest that starts immediately afterward, but I was intensely disappointed that it was only males that were allowed to participate =( (but our lady friends sure enjoyed the show). Friends who love to dance come together at Marcella to have a good fun time. If you're here before midnight (and you're over 21), there's no cover. It's definitely one of the most fun places that I've gone in Buffalo to dance and let loose. No pretentious snobs and just an all around good time, but since it's 18+ you may run into a younger crowd, especially when they promote their events around the colleges and universities in the area. Also, if you're offended by same-sex grinding, this place is obviously not for you (and what are you doing at a gay club??). While this place may seem like the ultimate dive from what I've described, it's a little confusing because the outer atrium actually looks pretty nice with a few lush couches, but the dance floor does get kind of dirty...and well into the night, those couches can be violated with some unseemly activity. The stage area, the lights and setup adds to a pretty cool looking atmosphere. It's just inevitable that by 3am on a weekend, the packed house is going to leave the place a little dirty. This place gets PACKED that you'll be dancing shoulder to shoulder on Saturday nights, so if you don't like chaos and crowds, be forewarned. For night life, Marcella is chaotic, energizing and lets you let 100% loose. I had a blast dancing here well into the night.
AMAZING nightclub Better than any gay nightclub in Toronto... I've been to them all... I would know. OMG such a blast!!! I go 4 times a year at leaste.
I had an ok time. I am used to getting stronger drinks at gay bars, a gay bar drink should basically have double the booze and tends to be around $6. At Marchella's the drink was $6 and was not double strength, to add insult to injury the wait staff measured the shot using not a jigger but a plastic thimble. The Drag show was pretty good but seeing adults dance around to Miley Cyrus was kinda off putting. Anyway after learning that the booze was not worth the money the club was fun the music was good until about 2:30am when the DJ kept repeating songs and saying rude things.
Marcella's has never been as good of a time to me as a lot of the other gay bars/clubs in Buffalo. The scene tends to be much younger, more meat-markety, catty and hipsterish. Drinks are also weaker and more expensive than other places, served by less friendly bartenders. The current incarnation is definitely very swank - a big change over back in the day when this was known as a scummy, bring a friend with you to the bathroom kind of place. It is still a great place to catch events, like the Black Party and the occasional drag show. Beware for large events - the club is VERY small in its current space. We were in line for 1.5 hours to get in for the Black Party and the dance floor was so crowded there was literally a point where I thougt the surging crowd would crush me - I've never ever had that fear in ten years of partying, even at raves. Sadly, whilst improving their appearance they have lost their musical edge. They used to be a big name in electronic music but now they mostly play pop and diva remixes and their former black light parties (hardcore rave style music with only black lights lighting the floor - super awesome time) have been watered down to "glow" parties with different lighting and the same music they play most nights of the week. *sigh*
Finally somewhere I can get my nail polish to glow on the dance floor! Saw a drag show, it was okay. The drag queens were very nice to chit chat with afterwards. It wasn't very long. Maybe buffalo doesn't have enough people to go drag for a show. My drink was made with dragonberry vodka. It was good, but way too sweet. Very small. I asked another bartender if they could water it down to lessen the sweetness which greatly improved the taste. I thought the electronic music was good the whole time. It kept me pumped. The bathrooms were big and clean, so what more could a person ask for.
Went here last year on a random trip to Buffalo. LOVED IT. Huge patio. Huge dancefloor (bigger than a lot of gay clubs here in TO) CHEAP DRINKS OMG SO CHEAP. Def going back.
Sure would be nice for a change up of events.  SAME drag SAME music and SAME underware contest Saturday after Saturday after Saturday after Saturday. And keep the drunks and attention starved OFF those stupid stripper poles! Feet swinging right at head level on the dance floor. Wonder how many got kicked in the face. Seems like a lawsuit waiting to happen (if it hasn't yet).
Had a great time here on Christmas vacation. The drag shows were fun, as was watching people on the pole. The drinks were good, and the staff was awesome & friendly. The renovations they're doing to the place with the fiber-optic lights will undoubtedly look fantastic when completed. Can't wait to go back next time I'm up in Buffalo.
