I came here recently for a facial and massage on a Saturday afternoon. As soon as you walk in, the spa smells nicely of lavender and other relaxing scents, and they have music playing even in the waiting area. I had my massage first and I was very comfortable in the room, despite the busy streets nearby, it was very quiet and relaxing. My masseuse made sure I was comfortable and not in any pain and I left feeling super relaxed and happy. I then went to another room for my facial and was delighted to hear that their products are for sensitive skin and all organic.  I enjoyed my facial, although there was one product in which I didn't like the smell, but after a minute I got used to it. Another product irritated my neck a little bit so I had to have that taken off right away but I did not leave with any rash or big red marks! She did an excellent job giving me advice on taking care of my skin, apparently I was over-drying my skin with acne products. Their prices are not too expensive for a spa in Westchester, and they have specials throughout the year. I would definitely go back!!
I participated in Shamanic Energy Healing today. Stephanie, the co-owner, is amazing and compassionate. I also signed up for their Mental Health special in May. A 45-minute massage or facial is only $50, with proceeds going to this cause. Their newsletters are full of wellness information, calendar events, and even recipes. I recommend this small spa to anyone interested in a personalized experience and not a factory-mill like Elizabeth Arden's Red Door.
Came recommended to me by a friend when I was in Bronxville visiting. I'd just gotten off a 12 hour flight (economy, middle row) the other day and was completely out of whack. Definitely in need of a massage stat. My friend told me she had been to the owners' old location several times and had been impressed by level of massages. I went for an hour long session and was totally thrilled. They asked me which massage I wanted and I explained the situation about my body aching from the flight. The massage therapist told me the prices were all the same, so he gave me a bit of a custom  massage, based on where I was aching (lower neck, both shoulders and right thigh). I feel totally rejuvenated and will definitely be heading back next time I'm in Westchester!
Very expensive for what you get! One bathroom(doesn't ) lock Shower in the bathroom Noisy Massages are ok, not memorable Go to Tranquility and compare, showers steam room, lockers, quiet, holistic ambiance fabulous therapists, and less expensive.
Excellent - if small - facilities. Great people.
I have been to this spa for massages and most recently for a facial.  The massages by Peter were great because he is attentive and experienced as we'll.  The signature facial did hurt but only because I have  pore issues on and around my nose.  At the end it was worth it because Trinah had my skin looking refreshed.  My daughter went for her 1st teen facial (18) and she enjoyed it.  Stephanie has given great free classes on meditation and wellness.  Maggie is an excellent at scheduling and addressing any issues.  Even though the place is small it makes up for it with their wonderful staff
Great deals, but you get what you pay for.  Facials are good, massages are just OK (and one time it was actually bad, I think the person was brand new).  Sad, since it's so close to my home and everyone is so nice there.
This spa is very small and intimate so if you are looking for a large facility with steam rooms and relaxation rooms where you can lounge around in a robe, etc, then this is not the place for you.  However, if you are looking for a great massage and great customer service and a small intimate setting, then look no further.  I planned my visit for my friends and I months ago with Maggie.  She helped me book multiple services for multiple people.  She was excellent, friendly, helpful & patient.  She was knowledgeable and able to answer all of my questions and address all concerns.  I received a 75 minute signature massage from Peter.  It was amazing!!  I had just begun an intense workout regimen 2days prior so I was so sore and in pain.  His massage was just the perfect amount of pressure which he adjusted to accommodate my soreness.  He was friendly and made me feel so relaxed and comfortable.  I even nodded off at one point despite being able to hear some construction noise outside which is a testament to his massaging skills.  I will definitely go to him again in the future.  My massage was valued at $120 but I only paid $108 thanks to a coupon.  To me the cost was fair, for the service I received, it was worth it.  I did deduct 1point because I wish it was more soundproof in order to block the street noise outside.  I also wished that they would incorporate some aromatherapy scents/oils into the massage experience.  When I get massages in Mexico on vacation they always prepare a special blend of wonderfully scented oils and have you take a few deep breaths to inhale the scent before beginning the massage.  That really sets the mood and enhances the experience.  But overall I had an amazing experience and so did my friends.  I would definitely recommend this place to others.
