I've been to King Sauna several times, and I really like it. I'm afraid I've been spoiled by Inspa in Flushing (except for those meddling kids!)-- King just looks a little dated, and a little small. Still, it is a great, authentic Korean spa experience. I usually go early on weekdays, and I am usually the only non-Asian in the place for most of the time. I almost always get the scrub-- but I have to warn you, if you're not into a Korean guy in boxers scrubbing your naked body with what feels like sandpaper, then it might not be for you. I didn't think I would like it at first, but in the interests of cultural anthropology, I decided to try it out. The results are amazing-- soft, clean skin, just like a boa constrictor just after it molts. Read Joshua P.'s review for all of the other particulars. You can get here by NJ transit bus (I have on several occasions), but it's an easy drive, and they have free valet parking. Really, being naked is no problem-- I say just get over it and give it a try. Be forewarned: some of the older Korean guys love to expectorate while taking a shower, and that's a little gross. I saw one guy in his 70s today who was a real Spa Ancient Master-- he could brush his teeth while shaving and taking a sit down shower. Awesome-- maybe in a few more visits I'll be able to do that too.
What a remarkable experience! The 24-hour King Sauna is now on my list of favorite places. The Koreans take their body scrubbing seriously. For $80 + tip, I enjoyed -- or should I say, endured -- a 90-minute treatment that left me scrubbed smooth as a baby. At times, I felt like a piece of furniture or a slab of meat. But I was never mistreated. This is just a very intense experience. By the time the treatment lady was done, there were little gray curds of dead skin all over the place! The massage was billed as a "wet massage." After the scrub, I was kneaded and stretched. At the end, I even got a hair wash and a facial. The hot tub and steam room were terrific too. There's a $45 admission price. But go to the website and print out an e-coupon. It'll get you in for $28. Even though I didn't know to do that, I drove over so the valet guy gave me a coupon that got me in for $30. The food seems good too. I didn't have time for a full meal. Still, I enjoyed two baked eggs and a special bowl of ginger tea. All of this came to less than $125!!!!!! I will definitely be back. Just a few suggestions...I wore my contact lenses and between all the lotions and facial applications, my eyes got really red. Also, be prepared to walk around stark naked. And if you have any cuts, pimples or rashes, don't do the scrub. Try something else, like the mani-pedi with the 35-minute foot massage. Plus, leave time to eat -- I didn't do that.
King Sauna is now open 24/7 as of early Jan 2011.   After the expansion, there's a new room that claims to have temperatures as high as 200 degrees Celsius (approximately 392 degrees Fahrenheit).  The cartons of eggs lining the top of this room are sold as hard boiled eggs in the dining area.  Next time I'm bringing a frozen pizza and cookie dough and making something to eat for dinner while I cook in that room.
Entry:  Go to the website and get the ecoupon - $28 bucks entry Experience:  Dude, I love this place!  After a long work week, sitting in the various sauna types feels Amazing.  I came here with my boyfriend last night.  My 2nd time, his 1st.  I recommended the scrub ($50 bucks) and he loved it!  30 minutes, they scrub you down (it hurts a little) but then you get baby soft skin!  Ladies, you are buck naked and no one speaks english.  Its a little awkward, but then you just get used to it.  On the unisex floors you wear a uniform.  We spent 3.5 hours there easy!  Could have been there longer, but work next day, bah!   Great, relaxing experience and its so close to me (JC)  Plus you leave achie free, relaxed and with glowing skin :)  Great way to end the night, you will have awesome sleep.
When I first arrived at King Sauna, fresh off the shuttle from Manhattan's K-town, I knew nothing except that it had gotten a seal of approval from a trusted friend. I was pleasantly surprised that the e-coupon I had printed out was actually valid with my smiley but non-English speaking driver, so that was a good start. Most importantly, I was elated that I had  made it to this massive brick building in the middle of Palisades Park in one piece. I was ready to get relaxed, though, and at first, relaxation was not what I felt. Surrounded by a confusing assortment of undressed women of all ages and forms in the locker room alongside many others clad in oversized pink T-shirts and uniforms, I resorted to asking a older pink-clad lady confidently giving directions to another section of the spa on her phone what I needed to do. With her gruff guidance, I made it first to the "old women's baths," where I had some nice soaks, With some further exploration and some well-timed yells in Korean when I was about to wander out to the public areas, I eventually found the "young woman's baths" where I received a revitalizing full body salt scrub from a Korean grandma clad in nothing but a black swimsuit. It wasn't until I was nearly about to leave after visiting the amazing all pink and Rococo restaurant on the second floor that I realized I had pretty much missed the best part of this place with all my time in the unisex baths - the saunas. Stride proudly up the stairs in your pink (or blue, if you're a guy) outfit and visit each and every single one of these amazing saunas. That's where the relaxation happens, as you fall asleep feeling mostly safe and warm alongside while scented herbal sacks dangle above your head. Yeah, King Sauna is pretty weird. It's not for the faint of heart. If it's your first time here, just breathe and go with the flow. Remember to eat the restaurant. And definitely check out the second floor. I can't wait to go back with all my old-pro tips now.
Been coming here for years. The pros: + Lots of beautifully decorated space + the ability to get away and find a quiet corner + open 24 hrs + provides FREE shuttle service from and to Manhattan (and Flushing, I believe) + no little kids running around The cons: - the older kids are bored and run around screaming and playing games, which is both disturbing and dangerous - no one seems to bother with enforcing the "please keep quiet" signs, and as the place becomes more mainstream and patronized by non-Koreans it becomes more and more noisy, a no-no in a sauna - they really need to clean the lounge chairs more often - after sweaty people sit in them, they become stinky - the restaurant has VERY limited options. If you're not into Korean food, good luck! Overall MUCH better than Spa Castle, which is basically a theme park for kids (bleh!)
A much smaller, more difficult to navigate spa than Spa Castle. BUT, cleaner, less crowded, and perhaps most importantly, no kids (at least not while I was there)! I love that there are more than enough reclined sofas to take naps on. Free internet access on numerous desktops and laptops. There's a super hot room here that is much hotter than the hottest room at Spa Castle, so be warned. It's 200 degrees Celsius, or almost 400 degrees Fahrenheit. Make sure to take off any rings, necklaces, etc. before going in because it was burn your skin pretty much immediately. 1 star off because it really was a maze getting around...and the front desk ladies aren't nice. Make sure you take off your shoes asap or you'll get the death stare while trying to ask where you can find lockers 400-500. Oh well!
I've been to (and love) spa world in DC a bunch of times but somehow I was still pretty confused at King Spa so here are some insights :) 1) shuttle bus from manhattan picks up in ktown in front of the former USPS office on 31st nr broadway (it's not like a tour bus, smaller!). There isn't a sign for where it picks up but it says King Spa on the side. It was pretty on time and it didn't wait around. For some reason you have to do these shuttle trips round trip apparently? You need a coupon slip for it too 2) you pick up your "uniform" by the women/men spa entrance. It's rolled in a towel so you may not see it. Otherwise I think there is a station you can get caps or different uniform sizes inside. 3) the women's spa gets 2 bonus rooms and a mugwort room (not entirely sure what that's about tho). Apparently the men don't :) hah, sorry! 4) there are big lockers and baby lockers because...err...actually, no idea :) there are big and small towels too. people seemed to use the small towel either for bathing or to wrap their heads though... 5) onto the pool section! the red pool is med hot, the green pool is lukewarm, and the blue one is insanely hot. Like really hot. Oh, and there is a cold tub (do not want) and a cool shower pull so u can be evil and dunk yourself :) ooh and no u can't hide under your big towel or a swimsuit! Translation: not-"never nude" friendly :D 6) once you're done with the pools you can wander off to the unisex saunas / lounges / restaurant / juice bar area. There are 3 floors, and two of the saunas are duplicated: yellow mud and mineral salt 7) oh, and for some reason all the saunas have alice in wonderland doors like they're made for dwarfs (...no I'm not just really tall) Whee! Anyway, once I figured all this stuff out I had a grand ol' time. I think I like this place better than Spa World (gasp!). It's cozy :)
I visited King Sauna last night after running the NYC Marathon in the morning.  I've found that visiting spas like this with the cold plunges and massages is a great way to quickly recover from the marathon stress. All the reviews are very accurate.   This place is huge! I only had about 3.5 hours to stay here, so I didn't have a chance to try all the dry sauna rooms, but I have been to King Spa in Dallas which is very similar, so I'm very familiar with the concept. I researched how to get here from Manhattan Times Square where I stayed.  Rockland Coach from the Port Authority bus terminal has 2 bus lines coming here on the weekends.  Instead, I took the spa's free shuttle departing from Korea Way (Broadway and 31st), which was convenient and fast, just a 15 min walk from my hotel.   Returning on the last shuttle back gave me just 3.5 hours there.  If I had time, I would have spent the whole day there. I spent most of my time in the spa, doing the alternating plunges in the cold/hot pools.   It's hard to do that anywhere else.   I also got the 80 min body scrub and massage, and the lady took me to the new spa section which was less crowded but a little bit smaller, but it worked just as well.  The pricing for the 80 min scrub/massage indicated minimum $25 tip, which seems a bit forward, but I heard some places do this routinely.   This disappointed me a bit, but my masseuse did a good job, so I tipped her a little more actually. From the other reviews, I did the eCoupon thing, and that saved a couple dollars.   I also had some seafood noodle soup in the restaurant and a fruit shake, so that was all great.  Conveniently charged to my wristband and account for the evening. Next visit back to NY, I'll definitely make time for another visit.
After my first half marathon, I was in desparate need of a spa day.   After I read the reviews, I immediately printed the e-coupon to get my discount.  The shuttle from Manhattan was prompt and after a quick 30 minute ride, we were in paradise. Now I've been to Korea before, so the bath's with the naked ladies and scrubbing was not new to me.   The place is very very clean, so don't be shy and let it all hang out!  Shower first and then I suggest going from very hot, to cold, then hot to warm.  Cycle it up again.  Then hit the steam room for a bit and cool down. I decided to just go for the scrub today (no massage).  Man those ladies know what they are doing.  All the dead skin cells are exfoliated with those scrub towels.  My skin felt SUPER smooth and I felt refreshed.   My husband spent a whole 7 hours there.  Eating at the restaurant (which was very yummy) going from heat sauna to ice sauna and back and forth.  Then eating a little icey red bean treat followed by a little cat nap in the "aroma" room (which had no aroma to my knowledge). It was busy but not packed.  I had a relaxing time so much that we missed the shuttle back to Manhattan.  No worries, a quick 5 minute walk to the bus stop took me back to Times Square.  So convenient!
Went yesterday for the 4th time.  Had blast as usual.   Played a tennis video game, surfed online, had an awesome seafood tofu bowl with rice.  The sauna  were wonderful, but at times annoying because just when u think u can relax; you have a group of ladies coming into the saunas and start chatting even when there signs stating to BE QUIET!  Spent 4+ hrs.  $32 w/coupon.  $6-7 shaved ice.  Employees really need to speak English when people call.   You must print out the ecoupon which is emailed to you.  There are 2 emails; you MUST print out the first or 2nd email showing email address, date, etc... to get the $32 discounted price.  You don't need to bring any towels or anything else other than another set of clean clothes to wear once you're done.  You will get a wristband which has your locker key and bar code while they hold one form of id.  This write band will be used in place of your credit card.   What's included in the price:  24 hour use of saunas, hot tubs, Internet, video games.  They also provide towels, toothbrush, shaving razor for guys, shampoo/conditioner, soap, toothpaste.  It's really clean. There's one floor where unisex use the hot tubs, and dry saunas, etc...  You are naked; you must first take a shower before going into the hot tubs, etc....  Once you are done with that floor you can go to the other floors wearing their t-shirt/shorts and trying the different types of 6-7 dry saunas. I was easily sweating after lying down for about 5-10 mins.  The temperatures inside these saunas will easily reach over 120 degree F.   When you are hungry you can buy  Korean food from the 24 hr cafe.  The Korean food is $10 and up.  They also have a smaller drinks cafe.  If you just want to sleep or watch tv on a reclining sofa you can too.  You really free like a king/queen.   They have free parking lot directly across the street from the blg; you'll just have to give the person in charge the key.  You DON'T need to use the valet parking.  The other items that you pay extra are for other services and food.  Other spa services includes onsite barber, nail salon, foot/body massage rooms etc...  I had their body scrub and full body massage before.  The body massage was $60 for 1 hr which includes tip.  I'm not sure if they changed the price.  The body massage was nice, body scrub was ok.   Possible side effects after visited.  The next day I noticed my legs got cold easily even after wearing multi-layers.  It took a few days before my body adapted to the outside temperatures again.  :-)
Second time here and once again, had a great time! I will keep coming back!! Had a facial and a massage. The manage Grace is so helpful and nice!
Definitely gonna be back...the most suitable place after five days of endless work :D
Great facility to relax in if you don't mind getting butt naked in front of about fifty people. You can easily find coupons for this place from Korean hair salons and restaurants, which will allow you to enter the sauna for $20. This amount gets you hours of relaxation in tea baths, detoxing rooms, etc. You can pay extra for message and exfoliating where you are scrubbed from head to toe and everywhere in between. (This is NOT a sensual thing, and is not unusual for Koreans). Best part is you can relax upstairs and have freshly squeezed juice of your choice and have a small Korean meal. Check out the New York Times review. kingsaunausa.com/nyt.htm
Okay, so Here is the rundown....Ive lived in many areas of the U.S. and I have been to Several different Korean Spa places as I am an enthusiast. The Good: You can print out an E-coupon book that will drive down the price to an $28. They are open 24 Hours and are spacious with different themes and several areas to enjoy the Spa....my personal favorite was the Gold Pyramid...found out that place is actually made of 23 K gold imported from Germany. There is a lot of amneties like playing Korean Chess, Baduk and Chess along with Xbox 360's computer with internet and free WiFi. The area appeared clean and the vegatation (fake and real) was appealing to the arena. Parking was free and had a seperate lot. The Bad: For the Ladies, you can only get One set of Shirt and shorts, if you want more, you have to pay. The food and beverages appeared to be significantly overpriced. The furniture looked like they were trying way too hard and everything was kinda cramped and confusing. It can get overcrowded quick so go during weekdays. The bath area is kinda small with limited sauna and jacuzzi. RUndown.....overall it was a nice experience. I am writing this review based on comparison with previous experiences from different locations. The staff was nice and informative when asking questions and what not. Sleeping areas were comfortable although be warned the recliners dont go down that far.  Overall, it is a nice place to visit and enjoy a spa day...just be sure to eat before coming and bring your own drinks.
Best place to relax that I found. It's a great deal if you get the coupon book. $220 for 10 admission else you pay $45 or $28 with 1st visit eCoupon. Man on 3F Women on 1F, common room on 2F. You can easily spend 6 hr here, dine and take nap.  It's open 24hr but there are surcharge for overnight. I recommend going early, not much people.  bring ear plug and eye mask if you want to sleep. Kids under 10yr are not allowed. need to sign waver for kid. A meal range from $8 to $15ish, reasonable price I think. Free internet computer for you to enjoy.  Other reading material available but might be either Korean or not current. Overall on a hot summer day, it beat staying home.
I love King Sauna, this is the closest experience to Japanese public bath I can get around here. You might feel embarrassed to go au naturel and share bath with strangers, but you will quickly realize that there's no need to be self-conscious because no one really cares, everyone's so absorbed in their own relaxation. Asian spa is so much more satisfying than any Western spa, it's all about REAL relaxation! You will get addicted to this place! In addition to so many variety of sauna and spa facilities, there's also a food court where you can eat good korean food. You can spend all day here! For the first timer, I recommend going with someone who has been here before so that you can understand the system quickly.
I am a fan, but not of their price.   I really enjoyed their array of hot medicinal saunas, especially in a cold winter night in the East Coast.  It felt relaxing, and like I was taking good care of myself. However, I am not used to coed spas, and did not like the outfit they gave us.  The showers and baths are single sex, but the saunas and rest of amenities are coed.  The pants and t-shirts are all the same size, and a huge one... XL.   So if you are a size S, you can imagine what you can look like.   By the way, the place is big, and multilevel.  I got confused a few times.   The food was good too at around $12, but I wished that they had smaller portions.
Other yelpers have said it before and they're right:  Go to their website and print out their coupon.  Only one person needs to do it, even if you're going with a bunch of other people and everyone will pay only $28. Parking is not as graceful as Spa Castle, but there is a little lot where you can leave your car with an attendant for only $2.  I will say that the staff is a little pretentious, and you're gonna just have to deal with it.  Your interactions with them can be as minimal as you choose. The facilities are spotlessly clean (I visited King Sauna with a serious germ-a-phobe and there were NO problems).  Sauna-wise, King Sauna is . . . well, exactly that -- the KING and by far beats out Spa Castle.  As far as pools/baths go, though, King Sauna won't necessarily provide you with all of the variety that Spa Castle can.  I ate just before entering King Sauna, so I can't speak to the quality/price of the food, but everything smelled delicious.  I was a little bit disappointed that there was no food "bar" like there is at Spa Castle, but no biggie -- you're not there to eat, you're there to soak up the heat of the saunas!! All of the services seemed a little high in price and, to be honest, i don't need a massage when I go to a place like King Sauna -- the pure relaxation is simply enough. Please, if you're new to the whole sauna experience, or just don't believe that the rules apply to you -- they DO! Be respectful of the other people who are also enjoying the sauna -- they probably don't want to hear your conversation :)
I have two favorite ways to sweat. One is probably not appropriate to mention, but the other is here at King Sauna. Literally you pay $28 for a whole day to enjoy yourself in Korean bathhouse. (that's with a coupon). I love going here, but always need to drag someone with me, because the coupon only applies if you come in a group of 2 or more people. Multiple sauna rooms, and so much to sweat. They say that sweating help rids of toxin in your body. I'm not quite sure if I believe that, but I do know that my skin looks more youthful after going here. (Training to be a cougar is a not an easy task, but it helps to look young for your age). King Sauna also provides exercising room (pass), tv/checkers (pass), area to lie down with the ladies (pass- men you have the same option), body scrub by an employee in her bra and undies (pass- men I think you have guys doing it for you), Korean restaurant - (yah!), hot tubs (sex divided, clothing not an option - ok I will go nakey to sit in the hot tubs), and massages (sorry too cheap to pay for one). 4-6 hours here is a day well spent.
This is a must read review if you have never been to a spa like this!!!!!!!!! When I was there I was a bit confused and then I stumbled upon people wandering the floors confused about what was going on. First you pay and they you take a uniform from the basket, pink for women and blue for men. You get a wrist band with your locker number, key attached and a bar code to scan for thing you want to eat, drink, spa services etc and you will pay your final bill at the end. You change into your uniform or wrap the towel around yourself and go int this huge room with open showers, sitting showers, different temperature pools. You have to shower before you go upstairs in the saunas and pools in the room. They don't explain this to you and there were people wandering upstairs who have not showered. Everyone is very naked in this area, you will get over it quickly. There is an appt desk to for massages, scrubs etc right before the huge bathing room. There they also have cloth hair caps, toothbrushes etc. I made an appt for a body scrub. Best bargain is the scrub and massage for $80. If you ever had a body scrub in a non-asian spa, it is completely different. You will be completely naked and completely scrubbed and hair washed and conditioned. Yes, very naked and scrubbing EVERYWHERE. I spent about 7 hours there, being scrubbed, going from igloo to igloo, eating lunch, napping in the lounge chairs. It sucks you cant bring books or magazines into the igloos. This place is very clean, you constantly see people cleaning. They have a free shuttle bus from midtown and from flushing!
I love King spa! They now open 24/7! It is good to buy 10-ticket-coupons if you visit here quite often since you get discount! I usually get admission/ body massage tickets. Body massage here is amazing~! I guess it is korean style deep tissue massage. It needs reservation. I love to stay in pyramid room to sweet off. It is not too hot & just right. Sikhae (korean traditional beverage), bibimbab, and yukgaejang for dinner is very delish!
I went there, one of many "mother and daughter " get close and have fun together. What a nice experience!!!!!. Very RELAXING, ENJOYABLE,PEACEFUL place, you feel like lost in heaven.I cant wait to visit it again
Nice experience. Wish they had a pool. Some of staff wasn't so kind. It was packed on Sunday afternoon! Overall it was great.
Free Round-Trip Shuttle Bus: - 9:10 AM Departure from Hanyang Mart: 35 min to King Spa - 4:30 PM Departure from King Spa: 40 min to Flushing, 1 hr 10 min to Hanyang - Flushing Pick-up/Drop-off: Across from Tous Les Jours in the municipal parking lot - H-Mart Pick-up/Drop-off: 141 Street and Northern Blvd - Hanyang Mart Pick-up/Drop-off: 150 Street and Northern Blvd Ambiance/Decor: - This may change depending on how crowded the spa is during your time of visit. Luckily, we came on a low-key day and it turned out to be a great day for King Spa! Not too busy, quiet and relaxing. Still, I can't imagine feeling the same way on a busy day in such a cozy spa house. Packed sardines I presume. - The hardwood floors and chairs make you feel right at home! But their chairs! I found myself lounging around on their pink antique chairs, red legless chairs, and leather plush reclining chairs as if I were in my own living room. - Indoor gardens and water fountains surround the spa house. The plants add natural life to the spaces while the fountains fill rooms with calm water sounds. - Their lounges carry different activities like board games (Chess, Go), desktops/laptops (free internet access, console games), or simply the activity of sleeping with the TV on! - Ahjummas hangin' out on the first floor treat the Bulhanjeungmok kiln sauna like a workout. They're unafraid of heat and inspire newbies who watch them bravely enter and exit the kiln with blankets over their head and socks on their feet at five minute intervals. Saunas from Cold to Hot / Nude Spa: - Ice Sauna - Hanyulso (Infrared Heat Ray Dome) - Infrared Ray Room - Bulgama (Bio-Ceramic Brick Oven) - Yellow Mud (Hwangtoh) Sauna - Gold Pyramid Sauna - Cheongito Sauna - Rock Salt Sauna - Amethyst Sauna - Bulhanjeungmok Sauna - Nude Herbal Steam Sauna - Nude Jacuzzi Pools: 1 cold, 1 cool, 1 lukewarm, 1 hot Cons: - No outdoor spa pools. If there's one thing I miss about my sauna experience, it would be Spa Castle's rooftop pools. - Average food. $2 eggs, $2 socks, $4 froyo, $4 fruits, $5 drinks, $6 patbingsu and $7-$15 meals. Its not the best but at least the meals come with banchan. - Unreliable shuttle service. Though it hasn't happened to me, it is unsettling to know that there is a chance that I won't be allowed on for reasons like overcrowding. - Overcrowding. I know that if I had come here on a crowded day, I wouldn't have liked this spa house as much. Pricing: - Groupon/E-Coupon/Walk-In: $20/$32/$45 - 1 Adult (6 months/1 year): $1,500/$2,500 (Same as Spa Castle) - 2 Adults (1 year): $4,500 ($500 more than Spa Castle)
My favorite place to get pampered! I absolutely love this place. LOVE. LOVE. LOVE. I  always try to go whenever I see a groupon or livingsocial deal. This is an awesome place for a relaxing girls night out. If you have never been here, you are missing out. It could be a bit intimadating at first, but I swear just come in, let go, and you will have an amazing time! The place is super nice, clean, and massive. Their restaurant serves pretty good food which is a plus. Their bathrooms are complete with every basic thing you can possibly need. There are so many different types of saunas which are all wonderful. My favorites are the pyramid, the amethyst, and that other one next to the pyramid (sorry I forgot!). The body scrub here is a one-of-a-kind experience and has now been a yearly tradition for me. To those who have some hesitation about going buttnaked with other girls, let me tell ya something.. when I first went, I had some trepidation myself  (took me 10 minutes to finally undress - thanks to the Korean staff member who yelled at us!), but then you know what I realized? Nobody really cares! So just loosen up and enjoy the experience. It may be a little uncomfortable at first but no need to be shy or insecure about your body at all. If anything, this place would actually make you feel comfortable about your body. You start by taking a shower and then just hanging around in their pools until they call your number.They have these tables lined up at the back of the scrub room. When your number's up, they lay you down on one of those tables like you're a pig they are about to slaughter. Quite funny, actually. They scrub you for a good half hour. Those Korean ladies do a good job every single time! You'll feel lighter, fresher, and happier. Absolutely worth every single penny.
Came here on a Friday evening with the lady, around 7:30pm. We printed out an e-coupon, but they did not take it because it wasn't the whole email with the date etc. We were able to get a discount coupon from the Valet attendant, which helped a lot. You pay before you go into the spa and they give you a wrist band with a barcode to be used to purchase any food or services in the facility. We parted ways, her to the first floor, me to the 3rd floor. The men's area is very clean and naked. *The uniforms are located next to the entrance to the showers/tubs. There are single use tooth brushes & razors and shaving cream available in the shower areas. The facility itself is huge, it takes a while to get used to it. We started off with dinner, the options vary and everything seems pretty inexpensive. I got the Ramyun and baked eggs (hardboiled eggs not boiled but baked, sweeter tasting) and the lady got the dumplings, tender and tasty. I couldn't really tell the difference between one sauna/room to another, with the exception of the BULHANJEUNGOAK  (HOT SWEAT ROOM) and the Ice Room. The ice room wasn't shockingly cold, but refreshing. The Hot Sweat Room is all black inside and uniquely hot, i guess it's dryer than the other rooms, but i'm not sure. The only problem we had was 2 teenagers that were farting/burping and causing a ruckus in every area of the spa, with nobody straightening them out. Overall great experience, definitely recommended at least once. Don't be shy about walking around in the buff whilst in thelocker rooms; as that saying goes; don't hesitate making your privates, publics.
This place is huge! It's bigger than the newest spas I've been to in Los Angeles. It holds about ten jjimjilbang rooms (or more), so you have a variety to choose from. I was only there for four hours so I didn't get to try all of them. So come when you have ample time to spend. The only things that I didn't like here was the selection of Korean food at the lounge. There weren't much variety to choose from. Also, my usual body scrub could've been better. the lady took a good 10 minutes to chat while she waited for the cucumber mask on my face to soak in, when most masseuse use that time to massage your arms and legs. Other than that, I lovedd the space! Especially when it's so hard to find anything spacious here in Manhattan and you appreciate every sq feet that you get.
The best place on earth and poor peoples paradise in winter months when the cold and snow have got you down and you can't escape to a warm beach Ps all the bad reviews are by idiots who don't deserve this place and would more than likely ruin the experience for everyone else
For those unfamiliar with the phenomenon that is the Korean spa or jjimjilbang, I'll shorten the description:  it is a large gender-segregated public bathhouse furnished with hot-tubs, showers, and lots of common areas for both genders, with traditional Korean kiln-saunas, nap rooms, excercise rooms, and counter food court.  It's like a weird spa-meets-mall-meets-family-picnic thing.  For many, this is a fantastic, relaxing, and affordable way to spend the day.  For many others, it is not what it seems, so be prepared for these things: - Bathing & hot-tub areas are gender segregated and everybody is totally nude.  You get used to it pretty quickly. - It is not really a peaceful environment like Westerners expect a spa to be. It's more of a social place for friends & family to gather.   - Everybody walks around the entire facility barefoot.  Socks might be optional but it may be slippery.   - People generally speak in normal volumes, so this is not the place to go for total peace & tranquility like in a western spa.   - Pretty much the entire experience is public and held in common areas.  Even many private services are done out in the open in public gender-specific areas.   - Everyone is given 'uniforms' -- color coded t-shirts and shorts that must be worn at all times in common areas.   - People sometimes spend the night, and the spa will provide blankets and floor mats for those who don't get a recliner in a nap room.  It's like camping, but...not.   But this review is about King Spa.  As far as Korean spas go, this one was okay.  I honestly expected more, but I enjoyed myself nonetheless.  So I'll list out pros & cons: PROS: - $24 (groupon deal) for 24 hrs is really a super cheap way to spend your day.   - The place felt clean. - There were plants everywhere which made the place feel very cozy.   - There's a huge variety of saunas to try out. - Convenient location with free shuttles to/from Manhattan & Flushing.  Also easy to travel by bus from Manhattan ($7 each way) - Fantastic juice bar - Everything you need to eat/drink is charged to your wristband account and you pay when you check out, which is super convenient.   - The restaurant is open 24/7 - The Bulhanzungmok room -- the hottest room where a woman opens the door for you using a rope and you need an extra mat to sit on because it's THAT hot -- is AMAZING.   CONS: - The free shuttles are small vans for ~15 ppl; it's 1st come 1st serve.  If you don't get on, they don't get you another shuttle.   - There's not a whole lot of English speaking employees on site.   - I saw a roach by the main restaurant.   - It is pretty rowdy on weekends with people jabbering about.  It was near-impossible to relax in the saunas bc of the noise. - The saunas don't have much description of how they differ and most of them are the same temperature, give or take. - The place is actually pretty small and the layout can be confusing. - Aside from the segregated hot tubs, there were no other water spa areas like at Spa Castle.   - The food at the restaurant was mediocre and pretty pricey for what it was.  Also, the service was lacking at best.   - They charge $2 for a fresh towel, and they don't trade in.
GET YOUR SWEAT ON....... I will not bore you with the procedure of what to do when you arrive, it's been done and I will not bore you.  I will however say this, when you first arrive to your designated locker area (men or women level) remove your shoes and place them in the baggie that is provided or place in cubby holes. I do have to admit I was a bit intimidated walking around in my, ahem, birthday suit, but it just us girls here, so FOOK IT and let it hang sister!. The whole place was clean and staff were courteous.  This place must cost a fortune to run.  Try all the rooms and have a nice relaxing day at King Sauna. We decided to skip eating there but we did get the strawberry smoothie at the juice bar, wow! That cup was empty in 5 seconds. I also got a foot massage (35 min for $35) and though it was very educational that will be the last time I get one, ill stick to swedish or thai massages, thanks..... BF and I will be going every other month to get our detox on. P.S. print the coupon before you go, found on there website. If you don't you will pay full price for the day, $45....
Ok. So ill throw down a few thoughts.   If they have a tour guide. They would make a lot more people happy and comfortable. It's not easy to navigate. You don't need to go to the naked part. It's not a big deal. No one blew me away with their size and we are all pretty much the same wrinkled guys. A couple make you feel big.  One or two guys with 3+ walk like cave men.  You know who they are. Proud. Anyway.  Make your way in. Take off shoes at top of stairs. Store them. Find locker.  Get naked.  Take shower Go get a uniform (outside in main locker area before you walk into the nude room) and put on shirt and shorts. Head forward towards the barhrppm and there is a staircase head down there and the fun begins. Look for small little igloo like rooms. Read the signs.  They tell you what's in them.  Very important.   They have these tiny doors.  Don't open and look in and walk out.  Make a choice to dedicate a few mins inside its not nice to open door and look and keep it open and let air out etc. the boards outside give great info. There is wifi. Lockers are close by. Some tv on. Newspapers.  I'd like to go when I know I can have 4-8 hours of not needing phone or kids. Or dinner. Just me.  My iPad. some rest. I don't endorse getting 420.  But. Highly warranted Pre bake will make this a very extra special experience. You need to have some grains to walk around and peek and see what's going on.  It's voyeuriatic no doubt.  But it's all mostly not the type of people you want to see sexually. I mean.  2013. And you don't shave and trim??  Really? Being alone.  I liked. I'm Shy about my package.  I'm average. But cold water hot penis everywhere.  Kinda makes it difficult to be able to think of the hot girl to get you a little bigger. Sorry ladies. Male thought process. Just telling it real. Place is clean. No. This not a happy ending joint. Don't even. Real massages.   Real scrubs.  Same Sex. Can be difficult for  homophobic men. Not me.  Rub my skin down. Spray me with that hose.  I'm going him to my wife I fear not. Juice bar was ok.  It's a juice bar. Bring soap.  That was gross. The salt and gold chambers are like little igloos. Small and tight. But had a nice feel to them. I have more to say. Def no one cares.  But we do care.  I'm just not a naked person. Just never was an athlete and never had a reason to walk around naked in front of 40 other men  it's 100% not nessacary. And while this is koren influenced. We are still in America. Btw.  This is a Multi million dollar joint.  This is no hole in the wall by any stretch.  Very clean. Very classy. Well designed. Clean clean clean.
King Sauna is REMARKABLY relaxing.  If you want a day where you just sit in heat, sweat a TON, relax, and have a variety of spaces to do this in, King Sauna is for  you! Pretty inexpensive if I remember correctly - King Sauna has wonderfully clean, pretty rooms.  Each room is pretty quiet, and the guests are pretty respectful of that. There are a multitude of rooms on many floors.  Each room has a different theme - salt, gold, jade, ice, etc.  They are all wonderfully comfortable.  There are also many dry and wet sauna's, and pools for you to relax in.   Be prepared to be naked - there are spaces where men and women both enjoy heated rooms - those are all clothed only spaces.  The spaces where men and women separate are nude spaces.  I recommend ALL the spaces! They are all equally fantastic.  I enjoyed it all.   Definitely go here. I'm a bit of a spa whore - and I go to many.  This is definitely one I'd go back to in order to relax.  Your skin will feel SO beautiful afterwards.
Print out the coupon from their website for $28 admission. Services are pricey, but they seem to deliver on service, ambiance, and cleanliness. The spa is immaculate with cherry wood floors and lockers. The layout is confusing, like a maze, and elaborate wood carved chairs fit for royalty are scattered throughout. The stone clad saunas are works of art, and I was especially intrigued by the ice sauna, a refreshing end to a day of near skin-blistering heat. We almost couldn't find a seat, as they only have one ice sauna which I found odd considering the dozen or so heat saunas. Though the saunas were impressive, I felt that the body scrub and massage were just average. I've had better at my favorite hole in the wall spot in Queens, without all the frills and high price tag. We went on a week day and the sheer amount of guests was irritating and factory-like, but the spa is large and spaced out so we did find relaxation. Pick up the scrubbing mitts to use between visits. They work wonders. Trust me ladies, these are way more effective than the cheap mitts sold at the drugstore. If I decide to return, I'd skip the limited menu at the food bar and head to the excellent Korean restaurant across the street for less money, better choices, and calm atmosphere. For regular scrubs, I'll stick to my unknown authentic Korean spa in Queens.
I've been here twice and I really like this place.  A lot better than it's counterpart Spa Castle which is a zoo.  Be comfortable with yourself, there are places were you could only be naked. Pros: Very clean Relaxing No kids running around Multiple saunas cheap with coupon or discount Cons: Food is Ok, could be better. Each sauna could use more info...in English. The locker room needs more showers and bathroom stalls. Wish there was parking available. hot tub in locker room could be "hotter". Overall, I like this tons better than Spa Castle.  However, my wife got sick twice after leaving here.  I believe that the sauna scents may not agree with her, it's weird.  She never had that problem at any other spa.  We do love the extremely hot sauna though.  I had a GREAT massage my first visit, one of my best. I'll definitely return soon for a relaxing Saturday.  I believe that this spa is the perfect size and has a good client base.
This is my first time at King Spa. I used the Groupon deal and the free round trip shuttle from NY to NJ. I went on a Friday morning, so I was able to get a seat on the first shuttle to the spa with no problems. It only took 30 min to get there. I showed the person at the front desk the Groupon voucher from the Groupon App on my phone. The spa itself is large. The women's area had 2 hot tubs, a cold tub, small pool, and a steam room. You have to be completely nude to go into that section. I have a low-moderate tolerance to extreme temperatures, so I was only able to enjoy one of the hot tubs and steam room. I was able to try all of the saunas. My favorite ones were the Infra Ray, Gold, the Mineral Salts, and the Ice Sauna. The extremely hot 350 degree one was too intense and I only lasted a minute. With that said, I would suggest wearing socks when going into the saunas because the floors not covered by the red mats can get very hot. There were also many rooms to sleep in with very comfortable lazy-boy type recliners and heated floors. Also there no no small children under 10 years old allowed, which is huge plus for me. The facilities are very clean and spacious. I was able to do everything I wanted to do in a few hours without worrying about space, noise or crowds. At the end of the day, I felt very relaxed and would definitely return.
The price increase moved it down a star, but still a great place to cleanse, relax, and get some slightly overpriced korean grub. Great use for long drive stop overs or recovery from the city.
I have been to many spa and sauna places in china and never experienced something like this place before.   The various hot rooms range from a standard sauna heat to Chinese medicine were something new to me.  Some hot rooms are very hot and some are mild where I can lay down in the room for at least 20+ mins.  I found that the ice room was enjoyable and allow to cool down before resting on the lounge sofa.   The men spa is on 3rd floor where women spa is on the 1st floor.  There are shoes shelf's, lockers, hair barber (men only), showers, scrub tables, whirlpools (cold & hot). steam room and hot sauna room on each floor.  Everyone is expected to be fully naked in the spa.   The second floor is a general area where cafes, hot rooms and rest areas are shared by men and women with KS clothing provided to customers. Pros: E-Coupon save you $14 each person General area is clean Towels, shirts and pants smell fresh and clean Not crowed even during Friday afternoon Cons: No parking - but you can leave the car to the valet with tips Men shower provide only soap block with no shower gel mold on the shower glass Internet computers are extremely slow and the Windows in Koreans language only Overall, regardless the cons that I just mentioned, I still like this place and will recommend to others who like to enjoy a comfortable place to relax.
Came here with my sister on a Saturday, which I'm told is one of the busiest days. And I hate busy! but despite that, it's pretty awesome...there are probably like 10 different sauna rooms where you can relax (or cool off! -- there's an ice sauna), or sweat like crazy (there is one room that goes up to 200F I believe which operates every 1.5 hours) It's almost like a relaxing amusement park. You go in, you pay for the admission fee, they give you a bracelet and you can charge anything to it in the facility. It's kind of dangerous... :) I had Korean food here and a deep tissue massage. I definitely recommend eating AFTER the massage since the meal portions are large and will kind of make the massage uncomfortable if you didn't digest it fully. Anyway, my take on my massage experience is this: though I've had massages before (swedish, mostly), the lady that did me took it "easy" on me, but I don't think it's good massage business practice to exit the room grab a bunch of bite size snickers and mars chocolates, and eat it over me while massaging my back. I mean, she did offer me one, but seriously, how am I going to eat with my face laying into the bed. Anyway, another  thing was that she kept commenting on how I looked like a little girl and that was a little bit annoying. Too bad I don't remember her name so other people won't have to go to her. Other than that, I really like the place and would totally come back here again (just not get a massage). There are a majority of Koreans here, so you actually feel like you're travelling to a new world! [and not in stinky Jersey ;)]
This place hosts your typical buck naked sauna/steam experience but something feels off and generally 'cheap-ish' about King Sauna.  Don't get me wrong, they have all the necessities, various options for wet/dry steaming, different rooms for supposed different effects. They have a nice cafeteria area, with semi yummy cold and hot entrees. It's nice to spend a few hours here, it can get quite busy but no where near In Spa World, Spa Castle, *insert another name change here* in Flushing, NY.
The ladies at the front desk are never really friendly but I don't go here for that. Been there already twice - first time internet rate, second time $19 groupon and this time $20 groupon. Enjoyed all 3 experiences and will go back again! First, I take a shower, sit in the hot tubs then enjoy a yummy korean meal... Now onto the sweating business. There's way too many rooms to talk about but i always work my way up to the super hot room in the lower floor (Bulhanzungmok). Make sure you take one of the burlaps to wrap yourself in. Otherwise, it can get pretty unbearable within seconds. Alternating between hot and icy room keeps my body on its toes.   Chatting is not allowed in the room, but on weekday nights it's not hard to find completely empty rooms, so i love it! I have also gotten the body scrubs there. it was a bit painful for me the first time, but i now crave that cleanliness I felt after a good scrub. You lie naked on a plastic massage table and the lady in black bikinis will work hard on getting rid of all dead skins. I definitely feel lighter after the treatment.
I don't know who you are, but if you're reading this review, trust me when I say this place is no good. All of these reviews are lies! Don't go!! And tell all your friends not to go either!!! I can't help and be selfish about this amazing get away. =P
Totally relaxing and detoxifying experience. Great mini-vacation and you can spend a whole day there. Spa, Sauna and a bunch of soothing heated rooms and one ice room. They offer body scrubs/massages for extra splurge. Food is awesome and price are good as well. Will definitely go back again! I took my mom there with a groupon deal (so worth it!). She came home and booked her own groupon deal for the next time and will take me! That speaks for how good it is! Seriously, it beats any vacation for relaxation! The only thing though is you have to be comfortable going with your same sex friend as you will be naked in spa. If you go with a friend, perhaps an opposite sex is better as you meet in the common area (heating rooms) and can still have fun.
Now that I have been here I officially love saunas.   Though the ones here in the USA are redic. overpriced its still worth the $35 to just come in and RELAX.   I went on a Friday and it was suprisingly not crowded.  I hope to get up to Spa Castle next.   Each spa room is quite spacious and the female only pools were nice. You just sweat all your stress away~~~~~~~~~~~~
I visited King Sauna this weekend and it was just what the doctor ordered for fun and relaxation.  This was my first time visiting (although much of my family has been here before). I have also been to other Korean spas in Seoul and LA, but since there are none in the New England area, I made a special trip to NJ. I brought along two non-korean friends and when we left, they were sold on coming back.  First we got the e-coupon for 28$ and made our way to Palisades from Brooklyn.  We arrived at about 9:30am on a sunday morning. We got our pink outfits (and white one for my male friend)... Changed, explored, and then met up on the second floor for some yummy Duk Mandoo gook.  We proceeded to explore all the different saunas, floors, etc... I liked that they had computers, video games, and lounge/sleep chairs for people to use. Around 11:30 am, the place started getting busy.  This wasn't too much of an issue as there are many saunas and places to sit. When I made it to the Bulhanjeungmok, it was closed for reheating, so I waited till it opened.  This was the sauna I was most anticipating.  It's ridiculously hot, and you start sweating instantaneously.  There are timers to take in so you don't "cook" yourself.  I would recommend socks for this sauna and maybe a small towel to wipe sweat or help you breathe... as the heat can heighten your senses of taking in the air.   I confess, I did this sauna twice.  The second time didn't seem so hot, but it's sooo refreshing when you come out!   After this, we did some sitting and shared the PotBingsoo (Shaved ice with fruit and red bean) with my friends. It was almost time to head back to NE, so my girl friend and I hopped in the hot tub, steam sauna, and took another shower.  Yes, this is the naked section.  My friend initially felt wierd about being nude, but she embraced it, for the experience. In here, they don't let you in with the "big" towel.  I don't usually feel comfortable being naked around other people either, but for some reason at the spa, I can't just help feeling ok with it... No one's judging you or staring... It's sort of liberating. I like that much of everything you need to shower and get ready is provided for you at the spa.  You can bring personal items if you wish, but it's not necessary. Overall, I rated this 5 stars, for it's size, usability, friendliness to non-koreans and slight cheesiness (in the decor).  If I lived closer, I would definitely have the membership (for a single - 1750$).. b/c i would be here every day and using the fitness center!
If you have any little smidget or inkling of being uncomfortable around nudity or public bath houses, these establishments are not for you.   During my first time ever at King Sauna, I had to get over my nudity shyness with a quickness.  It appears that 90% of the customers are Korean.  Out of this 90%, most of them are older Korean women aka "ahjumahs".  In the women's shower rooms, these "ahjumahs" freely roam around in the buff.  I don't mind it.  I wish I was fierce enough to strut around what my mama gave me! Admission has been raised to $45 since I have been back.  There has to be a secret Korean King Sauna Coupon Society that I'm not cool enough to be a member.  The first time I went, my BF had a coupon (he's Korean).  He gets them in the mail and at some restaurants.  But lucky for the rest of us now, King Sauna offers E-coupons.  Go onto their website and submit your information for an E-coupon.  This brings your admission cost down to $28. The facility itself is very spacious and spotless CLEAN.  Lots of various different sauna rooms and even sleeping rooms for your selection.  You can spend hours and hours here relaxing, destressing, eating, and enjoying each other's company.  The food is better than anything you can get in Manhattan's K-town.   Overall, a relaxing and enjoyable experience.  My skin comes out rejuvenated and glowing after spending a day there.
I reserve my 5 stars for places that really blow me away. Given the lack of really big (can I say hygienic?) spas in the tri-state area, King Sauna deserves the top rating, hands down! We finally managed to go with a few friends on Saturday (I honestly don't know why we made it a group outing - it would have been somewhat less embarrassing without the crew around us in the nude segregated parts). I haven't been to the location in Flushing yet but this spot in NJ was fantastic! We managed to spend seven hours and probably only took advantage of 1/4th of the amenities, if that! This place has a great business model - we saw lines of people coming in even into the evening when we left. You pay $45 for a day pass ($28 through their website - and possibly less if you get some sort of package deals) but as you are lulled into a feeling of blissful relaxation and have just your wristband to pay for stuff, you will forget that additional items cost $$$ and will inevitably avail yourself of their scrubs, pedis, foot massages, food, body massages, etc. etc. We tried several of their themed saunas - I am not sure the different minerals/stones/mud actually add anything BUT I did enjoy sweating out all the bad wine toxins from the night before! My husband and I also compared this place favorably to all the Russian spas we've frequented in Brooklyn and Manhattan as King Sauna is about pacing yourself while the latter can be about the bravado of facing intense heat followed by freezing pool dips! We also had a late lunch - food was comparable to an average Korean restaurant - not amazing - but I was satisfied, even as a vegetarian. I also loved the fruit drinks, which tasted fresh and were filling, almost like a smoothie! I tried the body scrub and have to say that it made my whole experience a whole lot better. I had peeling skin from a trip recently to the Bahamas and also figured a good scrub was harder to find outside this place than a massage. Anyways, the scrub was wonderful - my skin feels soft and amazing even today and I don't see any flakiness! I want to make this spa a monthly experience just for that scrub! On a last note, I didn't think the nudity was that bothersome after the first 5 minutes. I mean, no one bothers you and you just do your thing. Well worth the trek (which isn't even that bad as the shuttle from Manhattan took exactly 20 minutes both ways on a busy potentially-trafficky Saturday)!
Pros: it's the closest K-style sauna. Cons: price. I heard it got even more expensive and stopped accepting coupons. Please correct me if this is inaccurate. Anyway, price hikes in this economy is rather off-putting when saunas of the same caliber in Korea charge 7-10$ max to stay OVERNIGHT.  But if you're stuck stateside in NJ, this is about as good as it gets. Of course, my puritan American upbringing makes bumping into people I know in the ladies' section pretttty awkward. Usually, a slight nod of acknowledgment and a quick aversion of eyes saves the day. Note: To some reviewers who claim non-Koreans don't go there. Bollocks, unless you went at the crack of dawn on a Wednesday or something. The last time I was there, the bulgama was like a UN meeting, people of all colors speaking multi-continental tongues.
This place is very relaxing and fun to be with a group of friends especially after a night of partying or sports activities. It's not like any other sauna with only showers. You have many things to do in here. The only thing that is pricey is the admission but you can get a discount coupon at the valet for free. Hot rooms, showers, gym, food, desert, internet and game room with free wifi, tv rooms, board games. It's a pretty good time!
Be warned- I highly suspect I got food poisoning here.  And I don't mean like I had an upset-stomach.  I mean some serious food poisoning. Earlier in the day, I had eaten hot pot at Pho 32.  All was fine.  I cooked all the vegetables and meat, and I have eaten at Pho 32 several times with no problems. So this was my first visit to King Spa.  I tore through a bowl of bibimbop at dinner time. My husband ate some beef soup.  He didn't have any problems.   Was the bibimbop the source of my food poisoning?  I can't be 100% certain, but I sure am certain that I won't be taking that chance again.
Came here with a Groupon and an open mind, especially since we frequent a different non-Western day spa/sauna on an almost weekly basis and LOVE it.  I couldn't wait to try another one. Wow.  I was insanely disappointed and I can't believe all of the things my co-workers, who HIGHLY recommended the King Sauna, neglected to tell (warn) me about. - NO SHOES.  Anywhere.  Bring socks if you're like me and want to have the bottom of your feet covered.  Under normal circumstances I wear rubber flip flops at the spa. - ONE TOWEL for the entire time you're there.  Impractical & and not particularly sanitary, IMO. - NAKED BUMS on plastic shower stools, steam room seats, whirlpool tubs, benches in the locker room, scrub tables, etc. - CROWDED...despite being there around 9 PM on a Sunday evening this place was hoppin' every which way you turned. - "VALET PARKING"...complimentary...and also a block away.  With a rude attendant, AND it's hours don't match the King Sauna's 24.  It was closed by the time we came out. - MANDATORY NUDITY IN THE WOMEN'S BATH...this place is not for the faint of heart.  It is not optional to NOT have clothing on; nudity in the bath area is mandatory.  I know...because I got yelled at by an attendant in front of the entire place.  I'm not bashful, I'm all about being naked and knew I would have to be (and was looking forward to it).  I just wanted a bathing suit bottom on since I would potentially be sitting in the aforementioned naked bum places and only had one towel to use for...everything. The different saunas are housed in what look like little huts, all with different stones, salts, herbs, etc. in them.  I didn't see, smell or feel anything much different between any of the saunas as I had expected. The one thing I liked: lots of comfy seating around to lounge or snooze. I know some people love this place...it's practically 5 star reviews all around and I guess I can understand why.  I just really couldn't get past the things I listed above.  I guess this is an "It's not you...it's me" situation.
This review is coming from a local Korean that's been a regular customer since they're opened. I've refrained from writing a review online for a very long time until today, after I had a direct altercation with the manager (supposedly) himself.. after I witnessed multiple arguments between customers and many workers that are incapable of speaking English, I (very)kindly suggested to the manager that he should hire more workers who are able to communicate properly with the customers in order to avoid similar situations... in return he immediately raised his voice at me and said that I don't have to return to the spa if it concerns me to that extent. How I responded to such words is unnecessary, so I won't mention that here, More importantly, this place NEEDS to know how terrible their customer service is, beginning from the counter up front to the juice bar inside.. They need to hire more employees that can speak English.. at an apprehensible level at least.
I love Korean spas so it's always a great experience but some are better than others.  Spa Castle in Queens is the only close comparison and King Sauna can't really compete: it's smaller, fewer facilities, less parking and fewer choices of everything. The one thing that was comparable was the full body scrub; it came in at $10 less than at Spa Castle but it was every bit as good.  Both were awesome! Pros: very clean, great scrub, pretty good food, discount coupon for admission Cons: small, cramped and VERY confusing to find your way around, signs are sometimes in English, sometimes not, and since few employees speak English it's often hard to know where to go or what you're getting yourself into (I ended up in the laundry room once and almost walked into the men's locker room another time), limited co-ed facilities, no co-ed hot tub or pools, the saunas were small and cramped, the open areas were VERY loud with lots of people playing games and shouting, limited food choices (tho there are TONS of great Korean restaurants in the area you can go to for a more substantial meal), no alcohol, you MUST wear your uniform everywhere (I kinda hate sweating into clothing and then sitting around in that sweaty clothing for hours), signing up for services is confusing, there are cold drafts in some places which sucks when you're feeling all cozy. If I didn't have another place to go I'd go to King but I think future Korean spa visits will be to Spa Castle despite the higher entry fee and no discount coupon.
So it was my birthday and my boo brought me here.  This was my first time at a Korean spa, needless to say I went in with a open mind based on the previous reviews. You start off by taking your shoes off b4 you go into the locker room.  The entire time your in the spa you're w/o any footwear which took some getting use to .  As prveious reviewers stated it is somewhat of a maze but there are signs around if you take the time to read them you'll find your way around.  The room that I really wtd to try, which was 500 degrees, because you need a tarp to even step foot into I could only withstand a few minutes. I'm sure b/c I'm a beginner I'll be able to withstand it a lil longer with due time. There's also a restaurant that has plenty of selections and the prices are reasonable.  There's plenty of lounge areas where you can go to sleep or just relax and watch tv or read a book. There's also an area where they have laptops where u can access the Internet.  Lastly, there is a section where you have to be au natural and they have a hot tub and a cold tub, which is spacious. Now it is required to take a shower b4 getting in, which is understandable after all that sweating in the various saunas. All in all, I will definitely become a regular here and the next day I felt so energized and my skin was so smooth. I would definitely recommend this for any1 who wants to add an extra step into their skin care regimen and looking for a rejuvenation.
I came to this place awhile back with a korean friend of course.  EVERYONE there was korean and they were all old.. "ahjumas" walking around the sauna half naked!  But dude, 25$!?!?!  HELLA CHEAP!!  Took some awesome naps in the saunas while laying there.  I really dont know how people survive in this thing for hours, but i had to go in and out since it gets way too hot!  Dont forget, im getting hungry like 24/7!  My friend and i probably ate 50$ worth of food in total!  I even felt light too, how is THAT?  the only problem is that this place is SUPER far away!  I would so come here again if i had the time!  cheap and fun, what more do you want from them? Dont forget, please be prepared to be showering naked in front of your friends/PEOPLE!   PS - THE EGGS ARE MAD GOOD!!!
Oh my god the wifi was horrible! This was particularly important to me as the weather was inclement outdoors and so I was imprisoned here for a whole night. And korean people being, well korean people, feel entitled to talking long hours beyond 12am. So a good night's sleep? Not so much. I will add a few stars for meeting a reputable and cute guy here, made the $40 admission worth the package, haha. (Don't take me too seriously).
Having spent 4 hours in various different saunas, i feel very refreshed. My favorite is the yellow mud sauna, although I didn't try the hot sweat sauna. Food was tasty and I would recommend here for a day of relaxation. Didn't try their massages so cannot comment on it.
Absolutely loved it there. It was extremely convenient for me to get there (thanks to the shuttle bus service they provided). It was a very relaxing place. Loved the food. Love everything there. Totally recommend it if you need to get away from the city. Apparently I missed my shuttle bus coming back to the city. (Driver said he is going to get gas. I kept an eye on the bus, the bus never left to get gas...) So bus left, ended up having to wait another 30 min for a different shuttle to Flushing... But I'm definitely going back there when I have the time. Definitely worth it.
Went there and the reviews say it's amazing but it was nothing special. Food wasn't even that good and there was no pool or  jacoozi for your girlfriend or boyfriend to go together. I give this place 3 stars that's about it .
I absolutely love this place. I've been going there 2-3 times a year for the past 5 years or so, I really wish I could afford to go every month.  The price is fantastic and you absolutely get your money's worth. For around $160 you get a full day of amazing services and rejuvenation. The cost includes admission to the facility for a full 24 hours (which gets you unlimited access to all of the saunas, steam rooms and tubs), a body scrub and wet massage that lasts 1.5 hours, lunch and the required $25 tip for the services. The facility is gorgeous and immaculately maintained. When I first started going there the ratio of Koreans to non-Koreans was about 95%/5%. Now its more like 80%/20% as this secret gem had definitely become better known among the non-Korean community. You will see a veritable smorgasbord of ethnicities represented there on any given day.  The atmosphere is serene and relaxing with tons beautiful pieces of quarts crystals all over the place, super comphy recliners, couches and chairs for your relaxing pleasure (I have been known to nap in them myself :-) ). Every time I go there they have made some kind of up-grade to the facility. Most recently they brought in all kinds of live foliage and they also now have laptops stationed all over the place for your internet enjoyment in addition to the free Wi-Fi. When I tell people about this place I'm always sure to tell them a few crucial things. - This is a facility that is located in a predominantly Korean community and caters to that community 100%, so if you aren't comfortable in cultural environments that differ greatly from yours, this may not be the place for you. This is a traditional Korean bathhouse, which means that in the gender exclusive areas everyone is naked and absolutely no one cares.  If you feel you need to wrap a towel around you no one will say anything, but you may actually feel a little out of place. - There is a procedure that one must absolutely follow and that is: pull in to the attended parking lot and get your parking tag, check in @ the front desk, as you enter the locker room & take off your shoes, go to your locker and disrobe fully leaving everything except your towel, locker key and toiletries in your locker, check in at the desk in the locker area if you have scheduled a massage to provide them with your key number, deposit your towel, etc. in your corresponding unlocked cubby hole and then immediately shower. ABSOLUTELY DO NOT ENTER THE TUBS OR SAUNAS UNTIL YOU HAVE SHOWERED. If your hair is long make sure you tie it up. You are provided with a bath towel, hand towel, t-shirt and shorts upon entering. Before venturing to the communal areas, please be sure to don your t-shirt and shorts. - If you are getting a body scrub and/or massage make sure you relax and enjoy.  But be warned, this massage is not for those who enjoy a gentler European-style massage, this is a rigorous, deep massage that will at first be a bit painful but will leave you knowing that every kink, knot and achy muscle has been well attended to. Allow the masseuse to put you where they want you it will make the experience much more enjoyable. During the massage you will experience a cucumber mask (they grate them fresh just before they put it on your face, so wonderful) a facial and scalp massage, a foot and hand massage and when they are done they will wash your hair.  This massage will work through cycles, they will work on your troubled spots over a series of passes so if it feel like they haven't quite worked out all of your kinks on the first or even the second pass, never fear, but the time they are done, NOTHING will be left unattended.  My absolute favorite masseuse is MAYA (#8). She gives an incredibly deep and thorough massage and she is wonderfully sweet and attentive. I always make a reservation so that I can be sure to have her and I don't go on the days that she is off, she is that good. - The spa provides for all of your toiletry needs, even tooth brushes and toothpaste. They are not high-end products so if you prefer, then definitely bring your own, many people do.  You will need to bring deodorant, make up and a wash clothe if you prefer to use one. I don't mind using the products they have there as it means that I do not have to carry much in with me. - The café serves only Korean food so be prepared to experience something new if it's your first time. There are pictures of all of the dishes with descriptions in English so you should be able to find something you will enjoy. They also have smoothies and fruit salads but if you are going to truly immerse yourself in this experience then order something off the picture menu. - Lastly, be sure to go onto their website kingsaunanj.com and get their e-coupon that discounts the admission price This place is a true gem tucked away amongst the warehouses and factories in a small NJ town. Be sure to set aside a full day to enjoy your time here, set no time limits
Spent a couple of hours roasting in the saunas. The mineral, salt, and ice sauna were very relaxing. Sat in the lounge and watched the Bulls v. Heat game then dipped in the hot tubs before I left and now off for some Korean delicacies at a nearby restaurant. Very satisfied.
I love king spa... It is my next destination with couple of friends. ;)
Went here, got naked with my bestie and took a long and relaxing hot and cold bath. The communal area after the bathing segregation allows you and your friends of the opposite gender to meet up and feed up on a good, down-home Korean cooking meal before moving on to the next activity.   Your options include: a)hot/cold sauna, b)watch a huge screen tv on fluffy recliners, c)play chess/video games/checking your facebook or reviewing things on Yelp, or d) say, "f* it, I'm just gonna take a nap." Oh the possibilities are endless and it's all for a  one time daily pass that cost $20 (with coupon, of course.) They even pick you up in Manhattan in K town. So get there early, indulge and relax! Your body will thank you and let you run that extra mile the next day! So get rid of your silly body shame and give this place a try! There's no sauna like King Sauna! Love!
I was extremely underwhelmed.  Only 2 hot tubs?  Really?  I was expecting the number of soaking tubs would be equivalent to Spa Castle but no.  I read somewhere that it's because of renovations but couldn't they have mentioned it?   I'll have to explore it again once they finish renovating.  Otherwise, the food was much tastier than Spa Castle.  I can't make an unbiased review until I see their complete spa.
This place is absolutely amazing and an over-the-top luxurious korean spa experience!  My mother was complaining about winter and her joints hurting, and said all she wanted to do was soak in a hot tub and use a steam room.  I had heard of the King Spa, and after looking at their website, she was all over going.  I purchased a Groupon, and she treated us both to a body scrub and massage. As soon as we arrived we were given towels, a spa uniform, and a locker key, and shown where to change.  In our uniforms, we were given a tour by Grace Parks, Marketing Director, who made us feel very welcome.  First, the "wet areas" women only, a huge (I mean huge) room filled with showers, hot tub, herbal healing tub (one of my favorites, filled with a huge "teabag" sack of orangepeel, mint, and healing herbs), cool pool with a hard massaging shower, ice-cold plunge tub, wonderful steam room, and wet massage stations in back.  Wet areas are nude, and we are not Korean, so this was a new cultural experience for us.  Before entering the building, I wondered if we would feel comfortable, but once inside and viewing the wet area, we saw how natural, self-nurtuing, and healing the environment was, that all apprehensions fell away and we were open to what the day held for us.  Still in our uniforms, Grace then showed us the many levels of dry saunas, lounge areas, TV watching areas, computer areas (yes, they even have many computers available for you, while you relax), smoothie bar, restaraunt, sleeping rooms, (your pass is good for 24 hrs.- I bet some people stay the full time!) All of the saunas have different healing properties.  We especially enjoyed the mineral salt room, the amethyst room, and the infrared room.  You must look at their website to see everything, and even then, you must be there to get the full impact of the vast amenities. The Body scrub and massage (all for $85!) was unlike any american spa - we were fully scrubbed down Twice, including a facial scrub and cucumber mask.  The massage wworked every muscle and knot, and at times they used their own bodies to release our muscle tension- for instance, my massage therapist climbed on the table and put her knees into my glutes to massage my glutes, and it was heaven!  She also stood on the soles of my feet to massage my feet, and I loved it!  The entire treatment was over 2 hrs!  I would highly recommend their treatments! We stayed from 11a.m. to 8p.m., and will be back very soon!  If you have never been to King Spa, go and immerse yourself in a human experience you have been missing out on! P.S. On a sanitary note, my mother and I have gone to many spas, together and separately, and this place rates A+.  Very clean, and we even saw areas getting sanitized while we were there.  Just go!
4 stars for the facility. ZERO stars for the insane poor excuse for a massage that I got today. Don't bother with spa services, they are brutal. I used to like coming here for body scrub/massage but it seems like the recent staff are completely clueless. This lady literally punched, pinched and slapped me for a whole hour with baby oil. I couldn't even run outta there greased up, i probably would have slipped and crashed into something trying to escape her wrath. they keep u butt naked on the table and cover your face in cucumber mush. Just go for the tubs, saunas, etc... food is scary. Good luck.
I love soaking bath tub. There are couple place we can do in NY/NJ area, Fort lee or Queens. (other is Japanese one near Princeton NJ thought) Both Korean. I love this place more than Queens because there are so many chimjilban(korean sauna?). The Korean sauna is very good for your body and skin. Maybe that's why many Korean girls have nice skin. :) You should go to the website and print out the coupon. Regular price is 45$ but after you print out the e-coupon, its cost 28$. there is fitness but only for member. (that's sucks. nobody use it..) Love this place!!
This is a very nice and relaxing place. They have multiple heated rooms, one of them is an ultra-hot "sauna", which they heat with an open fire. It is quite an experience. Great restaurant with authentic Korean food. Very clean. Tip: ask the valet for a coupon, you'll get in for $30 instead of $45.
My hubs and I went and go the infamous "scrub down". Mine lasted about 25 minutes, his was anywhere from 10 to 15 minutes. Mine was $60, his was $50 (before tax). My lady ripped out my hair with a brush to the point where I have 1 inch chunks of hair throughout my otherwise elbow length hair. His guy did not touch his head or face. Nonetheless, I'm glad we tried it at least once. With regard to the food, we only tried the sweet slushie with sweet beans and canned fruit on top. It was the day I realized that I'm more of a salty/spicy chipotle beans gal rather than having sugar in mashed up kidney beans. If I were to do it again, I would only go for the saunas and skip the treatment.
After Castle Spa in Queens, I was looking forward to King Spa.  Thank God I had a Groupon and didn't spend $45.  There are NO POOLS at this facility and the few whirlpools in the men's sauna are barely more that a bathtub.  The sauna entry doors are built for hobbits, apparently.  I spent about an hour here and gave up.  Food wasn't bad, though and there is much relaxation available.
I wish I can this place at least 4 stars but I had a bad experience, for the first time being there. I went to the bathroom and notice that there where blood stains from a women having her period. I was mortified. I couldn't believe she didn't throw them in the garbage after wearing them and the staff is not doing a thorough cleaning check. The customer service can be much better. I got a massage, which was not that great and before I can get to my wallet to give her a tip, she told me how much to tip her. I couldn't believe it. When I gave her the tip, she was upset because she didn't get what she asked for. Then she had the nerve to tell me that, people are cheap when given tips. Instead of being greatful for what she got!
I really really like this place. Been a couple of times. The sauna, the steam room and whirlpools are a all top notch. There's no shortage if heat or steam. I also like the shaving/cleaning stations. The open area with dry heat rooms very relaxing. He sofas in the tv rooms are great. And computer usage with Internet. I will def be back.
heres some important notes i wished i knew ahead of time.. instead of skimming every review...IF ITS YOUR 1ST TIME.... 1. No flip flops allowed... drove me crazy thinking about germs but later found out socks are ok to wear around, or you can buy a pair there for $2 2. No bathing suits needed bc theres no coed swimming pool like SPA CASTLE (nor outdoor areas!) 3. before going into co-ed lounge area or nude pools/jacuzzi's, you are required to shower NUDE in shower room (NO you cant wrap a towel around yourself) so hope you r comfortable guys & girls! GUYS can't even get their uniform to change into until after their shower xD 4. BYOS as in BRING YOUR OWN SOAP! or you can share a bar of soap that king spa provides... -___-! 5. MUST try their red bean shaved ice. great feeling after running around between hot saunas! FOOD: My bulgogi was $14, curry rice was $11... the portion was BIG and we had the usual korean side dishes along with a seaweed soup. You get your monies worth, and will be completely satisfied... and then you can go straight to the nearest infrared sauna room and take a nice nap! (which was what i did) The environment is so relaxing and clean, so many fake plants around that you feel like you're in the tropics. So many lounge areas, and all around you see people passed out on the sofas, etc. It is literally a maze in there!! They seriously need to put one of those maps that show you "YOU ARE HERE"!!!! Hmm.. The only thing that made me miss Spa Castle was seeing King Spas ice sauna.. it literally felt like i was sitting inside a refrigerator (remember spa castles igloo of an ice sauna?). Also wish King Spa had something outdoor or upstairs on a patio where I can feel the sun. Lastly, wish King spa had a co ed pool area . the end :D
Bad experience. I will never go back there. You HAVE to be barefoot but the bathroom floors are always wet. It's necessary to be naked while taking a shower with NO doors. If you want to be wearing a bathing suit, you are going to get yelled at. And the stuff is very rude!!!
For 1st timer, it was a bit stress-inducing due to having to drive 1.5 hour from south jersey, and the nudity aspect. After being issued the bracelet and the bundle of outfit and towel, I walked into the locker room area.   Walked 5 steps to the wet spa area...had to remove the pink suit and place into the mini locker (look for number corresponding to the number of the main locker/bracelet you've been given).  Walked through the glass door into the wet spa area. No one's really looking.  Still self-conscious.  No one told me to take a shower, but I figured I had to. Just basic common sense.  Hope the common sense prevails for everyone.  Tubs good (1 hot, 1 medium, 1 cold). I steam room that smells of herbs.  Got the scrub/massage - coolest thing. the korean lady grabbed my hand to allow me to feel the sloughed skin...after countless scrubs/rinses, I was asked to sit in the steam room for 10 minutes before the massage. Came back to the table, and she was grating fresh cucumber. wow. after piling the cucumber on my face, she worked on the massage. this is real stuff, not the shiatsu type.  I suspect she may have used her elbow at some point, coz it was hard. I'm not complaining coz I have stiff muscles that needed some serious work. After washing my hair, and oiling my body with johnson's baby oil, she rolled a towel around my head, knotted it well, and sent me on my way.  I felt so refreshed, almost like 'new'.  Stumbled around the various halls/rooms and found the restaurant. ordered a set of dish with rice and bbq beef, soup and various sides. Too much for a single person (at least for me).  Then, wanted to try the rooms, but it was too uncomfortable due to the heavy meal.  So, the tip i'd give here is, hold off on the food until after hitting the saunas.  had the shaved ice dessert too. kinda like m'sia's 'ice kacang' but boy, it's a HUGE bowl.  i recommend it though.  Didn't get to try the rice drink. Next time. Stayed overnight. Got some nice recliners, but nothing bests sleeping in yr own bed. I'm  planning my next visit.
I prefer this place over Spa Castle mainly for transportation reasons. It's very very convenient with King Sauna. There's a shuttle that picks you up and drops you off at K-town 31st Manhattan in front of the post office. Shuttle's only free if you ride it both ways. Otherwise you pay $5 one way. On your way there, the driver hands you two tickets. Give the signed one to the receptionist and give the other one to the driver when you're leaving. After you pay, grab a set of towels, uniform, and toothbrush. This place has all the amenities so you don't need bring anything. The only thing I didn't like were the SOAP BARS. Not very hygenic in my opinion so I'll probably bring body wash next time. The locker rooms are all NUDE. You can either put on your uniform and head to the many coed saunas or stay nude, shower, and sit in the hot tubs. There was one very very hot hot tub that only I, out of my groups of friends, could enter. Once you get over the heat, it's extremely relaxing. I tried all the sauanas except the 350 degree F one. You have to cover up in fire blankets before entering! I enjoyed watching people run in and out while I sat in one of the many lounging areas sipping my fruit shake. The restaurant was nice too. Food is reasonably priced, about $8 and up. The portions were reasonable too. I got really full. Try the rice drink! It's sweet and refreshing. The whole place was beautifully decorated and all the plants were real, not tacky at all!! The floors were spotless clean. I especially liked the fact that this place opens 24hrs. Wifi worked great too! Overall, it was a pleasant, relaxing visit. Wish there were more wet areas though and that the place was just generally bigger. Go to their website for an e-coupon to get $28 admission (that's what I did) and over night is $10. Totaling $38 excluding food and other services. There are many places to sleep and blankets for rent, so take up on that if you can. That is a BARGAIN!!!
I love this place so so much. Every time I visit I end up spending five hours there. I'm so relaxed that time slips by and I don't even mind. The best thing is that they offer wet and dry massages. American people prefer the dry massage because they are not comfortable being massaged by an old Asian Woman while completely naked ...and wet, but I actually prefer it. Not in any perverted way, but I feel that my muscles are more relaxed so I get a better massage. They have special massage beds in the women's shower room, so  you're already undressed and clean before your massage. Try it once, if you don't like it then they have plenty of rooms upstairs for you to get the traditional dry massage. Many different saunas. Good Korean food, spicy and non spicy. And a smoothy station!
My first visit to King Sauna  was on a Thursday night. My best friend  and I were very excited to have a place like this very close to home. It was a sweet, extremely bitter experience. Upon arrival there was free valet parking (tips only) which I thought was great. You pay before actually entering the locker rooms (regular admission is $45 which is great too). The people at the front desk were very nice. So we split up in separate locker rooms and met on the first level. I was immediately impressed. The locker rooms are extremely clean. They gave me 2 towels. Everything is well organized. The locker room section  has a large shower area, hot tubes, wet body scrubs ( no body scrubs in  men section), and a small pool with a strong down pour. We were disappointed there wasn't any hot tubes or pools in common areas at all. However a  very helpful guy floating around as concierge informed us, they are working on a very large extension which will provide hot tubes and pools in common areas outside the locker rooms. We were super pleased to hear. Once up stairs: the place is extremely clean, extremely quiet, extremely peaceful, pleasant, and relaxing. It was great not to see children all over (must be 12 or older). It is was not crowded, however I don't know what the weekends are like. Saunas are great.  Place is beautiful. Lots of lounge chairs and sleeping areas. Lots of TV lounge areas. King Sauna is 24 hours :-) super like!! After rotating the saunas, we decided to get massages, eat, lamp out for a while and go home. This is where they go from 4.5 stars to 0 stars!!!! The massages were absolutely horrible. The worst I ever experienced. I couldn't get to a point were I felt relaxed. Instead of my body melting into the bed, I felt tense and frustrated. I was hoping I just had a terrible, lazy masseuse (she sat down 1/3 of the massage time on the bed) and my friend had a much better experience. Ya right!!! First thing he said when I asked him  "how was it" was "horrible." His words exactly was, "it was a finger F*** and a slap feast." I could not have said it better. No actual massaging took place. They just kept pushing there fingers for a few minutes in each area of the body and finished with a smack. Just so disappointing. After we just decided to leave. At that point there was no desire to complete the night. So, I cannot judge the food as I did not try it. The fresh juices we did try before the massages and they were great (only $5). The massages are $65 and there is a mandatory $20 tip. Kings should really include that tip in the actual price. Tips should be at the customers discretion depending on the quality of service. And how did I hate to tip them. There is also a 7% sales tax on everything. After leaving I realized the lady over charged me by $10. Bottom line is this will not be my last visit, but I will not try any of their addition services ever again. Today they get a horrible review because I felt cheated. I had several massages in a variety of places (so has my friend) and never experiences anything this horrible.  Next time the review score will be better (hopefully). Sorry Kings..teach your people new technique!!!
Strange experience. Some quick comments, 1. they dont let you wear slippers or flip flops, nor do they provide you with a pair, so you have to walk barefoot everywhere, not a very pleasant thought considering what some people's feet look like. 2. There is no pool or true jacuzzi, considering that its a spa. You have to be naked in all bathing areas. Its not that being naked is a problem, but the thought of sitting in the same exact place where some dude's privates were resting a few minutes ago is not exactly attractive. 3. the restaurant has noodles, spicy noodles and some fried dumplings. And a cold chicken salad, all over-priced. I understand its a Korean spa, but the menu was very lacking. 4. Every sauna, from the Egyptian gold room to the salt aroma is exactly the same sauna. They are all exactly the same, except some are a bit more hotter. There is no eucalyptus or other aroma one would expect from a spa. They're just hot rooms where you get to sweat with different stones and dried leafs on the walls, all adorned with cheesy 'energy crystals'. 5. the cold room smelled like a frozen fruit section of the supermarket. Its cool that they have it, but there was a funky smell inside. 7. Biggest gripe, the quiet rooms where you try to sleep and relax were playing rock n roll music, and you could hear everyone talking outside. I tried to get a quick nap, could not fall asleep due to bad music and noise around the room. Also, every nap/relaxation room with big leather chairs had a giant TV showing sports, while outside there a whole Internet/laptop area where people sit and surf the net or do work. Maybe its Korean/cultural thing, but when I come to a spa, I want to unplug, I dont want to think about checking email, I dont want to watch TV,  I can do all that at home. Its a weird and unwelcome addition to the spa experience. Its a nice place to visit to try something new, but I cant understand all the rave reviews  about this place.
Customer service? Forget about it. Rude? Yes. Look for something else. Avoid this location at any cost.
If you like hot rooms and foot rubs this is the place for you. I went here for a couple hours and feel very relaxed. The fruit juices and food was all pretty good. The big cushy couches everywhere was awesome and the foot rub was pretty decent.
I was lucky to get the groupon offer, for $25 entrance, normally it is $45.  A great place to just lounge in all day, plenty of saunas, the food is very good.  I tried their ginger tea and it comes with brown sugar, pine nuts, and walnuts.  The massages were very good, I was not sure what to expect at all, but left leaving as a pampered baby.  Cannot wait to go again.  You are given shorts and a tee shirt, I wore a bathing suit shorts underneath, but its not necessary because you either nude in the spa area or wearing the supplied outfit for all the saunas.  Wear something loose fitting and absorbs sweat.  The juices are fresh, I tried a papaya juice.  Wonderful place and energies.
In comparing king sauna to spa castle, there were definitely some pros. The facilities seem cleaner (major plus), there are more recliner/beds to choose from and it's a more authentic/local feel to it. There were also quite a few things I didn't like. It was quite stuffy throughout, there is no outdoor space to relax and cool off in, nor is there an "ice" room. The women's spa was small, there were only 3 small hot pools. The layout throughout the entire spa was strange, I think because they have been expanding, so everything is all over the place. The food selection was minimal and expensive, they only have one restaurant and not too many things on the menu - how can you not have kimchi chigae? :( One huge thing I did not like was the free shuttle service from manhattan - it's great that its free and the driver was really nice, but they jammed way too many people into the van - they even put two people in the trunk and had them sitting on stools - way uncomfortable and very unsafe. the ride is from 30-45 min long...not fun. we came on a sunday, they should have expected more of a crowd and provided more vans.   Also, the front desk receptionist was a major b*tch with attitude. We got an awesome groupon deal at $39/2 people, I won't come back unless I score another deal.
I LOVE King spa. Ok I admit I am hooked. I went for the first time about 4 years ago and fell in love. If I lived closer I would go there all the time. As it is I try to get there at least once a week. There is no better way for me to relax and unwind after a hard week. The body scrubs are amazing. The first time I had one I didn't really know what to expect but those guys are good at what they do. They are very strong and scrub the hell out of you with a slightly abrasive cloth. When he told me to roll over and I  saw all the dead skin that came off of me I was embarrassed. I  apologized to the body scrub guy and he laughed and said thats what's supposed to happen. I have never felt so clean and fresh as after a body scrub. The massages are also amazing. Deep tissue acupressure style including back-walking and deep stretching. The facilities are immaculate. They have a Korean restaurant on the second floor that has a nice variety of tasty food. There are several types of saunas here and I like them all. My favorite is the hot sauna. I like to alternate between the hot sauna and the ice sauna. The hot sauna is hottest early in the day then gets cooler throughout the rest of the day. I could go on and on about this place but if you are looking for a great place to come and relax you must try King sauna.
Magic! I love coming here - so much!!! I would almost move to NJ just to have a yearly membership here! The tubs are great - clean and perfect variety of temperatures The rooms are peaceful - and make you feel so good. The decoration immediately puts me at ease. The food is great - everything we've had, but especially the Rice Drink - it's EXACTLY what you need to rehydrate, refresh and go back in to sweat more out. I really can't say enough good things - so you should just go for yourself and come out so blissfully happy, too!!!
Love this place!  I've been going here for about five years and for the last 3 years have been going with my husband religiously every month.  We're not Korean, however this does not take away from the experience and frankly I kinda prefer to keep to myself while I chill out in all my naked glory.   And while we are on the subject of nudity, if the thought of being in your birthday suit in front of other people keeps you away from this little slice of heaven: Get over yourself darling, absolutely noone cares!! I learned that within 30 seconds of stepping into the locker room. Now  for some helpful tips (they may have been mentioned by other yelpers): --Try to go, if at all possible, on a weekday.  Weekends tend to get super busy, hence your blissful experience may turn into an anime nightmare --No matter what day you go, try to get there as early in the day as possible.  We come around 8 AM, you'll be surprised how fast time flies and you'll want to make a day of spa-ing  once you're there.  Plus people start rolling in around 12, so you'll have plenty of time to relax by your lonesome --Bring a water bottle so that you don't have to walk around w/cone shaped cups that you can't rest on the table --If you're getting massages &/or food (yummy food!!) be prepared to spend over $200 for 2 people...which is pretty cheap if you consider the fact that you would spend just as much, if not more, for an hour massage at a spa --Spend the $3 and buy yourself the exfoliating gloves, drugstores sell them but I find it that the ones sold at the spa are better.  They will last you for quite some time too --Bring your masks, face/body scrubs, lotions etc... these are especially good to use after you've been sweating all day (licensed esthetician here, so I know :)).  They do sell some "mask packs" at the front, but since the ingredients are listed in Korean I tend to stay away from them.  They allow you to bring your toiletries, as long as they're not glass-bottled ---Before you leave take plenty of coupons they have on the checkout counter for next time & to give friends --And of course, print out the ecoupon off their website
This place gets 3 stars because it is incredibly clean and so different that it really deserves it.  A few warnings and cavaets: 1) This is more for sauna than massage, which is admittedly pretty bad.   2)  Korean scrub is fantastic.  They do as good a job as any place. 3)  Despite a lot of traffic, this place is extremely clean. 4)  If you are passing through NYC and are looking for a cheap place to stay, King Sauna is 24 hours and has a shuttle to JFK.  Seriously, I would go here with luggage that fit into a locker, stay all night, and fly out. There are plenty of places to lie down and take a shower, brush your teeth, etc. 5)  Food is pretty bad given that there are 1001 Asian people that know the difference. During the time there, we tried more or less everything and it was fairly average all around.  The eggs are pretty yummy.   you're so chilled out you may not care. 6)  I dig the fruit drinks.  Yum. 7)  don't believe the hype. The internet does not work here. Nor will your cell phone.  That can be a good thing though. 8) The shuttle from K-town is really the most convenient way to get to King Sauna. All and all, an experience worth trying.
Very cool place, and great for a Saturday afternoon activity! I went yesterday for the first time with a few friends, and came out feeling refreshed and relaxed! The initial bathing room was great. The steam room was definitely the best part. There are so many different saunas to try, including an ice sauna. Get the $15 coupon on the website and pay $30 to get in, not too bad. I didn't get any massages or other treatments, and you definitely don't need to in order to get your money's worth - but a friend did the body scrub/massage and said it was great.
I stepped in poop here. barefoot.
I was the naked king of this establishment indeed. And yes I did return home squeaky clean and sparkling like a jewel. I absolutely loved the exfoliation/massage that I got here, which included a facial (with real shaved cucumbers!) and a hair wash/conditioning. For at least an hour and a half, an ahjuma in a black bra and a pair of black panties scrubbed me, rinsed me, stretched me, kneaded me, washed me, patted me, and brought me back to a time when I was a little girl in Korea... back in the 1980s (yes, I'm dating myself here) when my mother would take me to a public bathhouse and make me soak in the hot tub before scrubbing the dead skin cells off me with exfoliating cloths that felt like sand paper. I can't say I enjoyed those times all that much back then... it took a lot of patience to sit still in those steaming hot tubs, and being scrubbed with sand paper was rather painful. The best part about those days though was that on the way home, my mother would treat me to a bottle of coca cola. I digress though. The exfoliating part IS actually sort of painful. In a good way though. You can really feel yourself getting lighter and smoother as those clumps of dead skin cells are scrubbed off you. And the massage IS rather slippery. But that too in a good way. There are no obstructions between you and the massage lady (i.e., towels, sheets), and since you're going to be rinsed off anyway, you're liberally doused with the lotion-y soap-y mixture, allowing the lady to, for instance, dig her knees into your back and really work on your knots. Anyway, like the other reviews mention, you do get fully naked here and yes, you do get desensitized with all the nudity around you. But it's really the only way to enjoy everything that this place has to offer. Sure, you can get private massages and enjoy a mani/pedi, relax in the igloos with your scrubs on, lounge around drinking smoothies, eating Korean, and surfing the web or watching TV. But you'd be missing out on some real goodies like the hot tub with the giant tea bag that smells like Chinese medicine or the sauna that spits out therapeutic bursts of steam, and, of course, the exfoliation and slippery massage! All in all, this place exceeded my expectations. With my $20 Groupon, I was whisked away in a free shuttle, received by friendly staff, supplied with a stylish uniform (j/k), then let free to explore this playground of a spa with clean facilities and amazing treatments. The 4 hours I spent here on Sunday was definitely too short. I will be returning soon to take my place on the throne as the naked king of the spa.
Having previously soaked in the wonderful massage pools at SpaCastle in Queens, I thought that I'd give this wonderland of saunas a try. Accompanied by my best girl friend, we decided that a day off work should be spent relaxing. Thanks to my rude doctor for showing up to our appointment over an hour late (and, not even apologizing for it!) and messed up trains, we missed the noon shuttle. After a quick lunch, we hopped on the timely 2pm shuttle van, which whisked us off to King Spa. At this point, I was totally in need of a spa day! Though we were a bit nervous about the idea of being forced to be naked, we just went with the flow. I mean, after a while, you're pretty desensitized to the whole thing... I basically was like, whatevs! Besides, it gave my friend a chance to finally check out my ink in its full glory! hahaha To tell you the truth, I kinda liked forgetting to be self-conscious. We checked in, were given our locker keys, picked up our garish pink uniforms and were sent off to the locker rooms. For a Monday, there seemed to be a good amount of people there. Doesn't anyone work anymore?! It wasn't crowded - I just thought it'd be emptier. We changed into our Pepto sets and I was pleasantly surprised that I didn't need a larger size. (Yay to all those workouts paying off!) We spent much of the afternoon ducking into the various sauna rooms - including the scorching ~400 degrees one! Luckily, as the afternoon wore on, we got many of them to ourselves and got to relax and gab and catch up. We even got a chance to nap on the recliners on the second floor! Also, after reading so many glowing reviews about the body scrub, I knew I'd want one. I'm a sucker for body scrubs! They recommend that you show up in the shower area about 15-30 minutes before your scheduled time to soak in the tubs beforehand. Then they call your locker number and you get on a slippery plastic covered table (careful!). She tied up my hair and then got to scrubbing. I'd definitely say that this was not your usual spa scrub. They're a bit brusque and you almost feel like you're being scoured with a metal dish pad. You start to worry that you have no skin left, especially when you soon feel the layers of dead skin on the table beneath you. At one point, I wondered if my tattoo was still there... Scrub, rinse, repeat, oil, shampoo & conditioner and then they put a facial scrub on you and send you off to rinse. I opted for the scrub alone, as I heard the massage was kinda lame. But then I was kinda sad that I didn't get to have that fresh cucumber facial and the milk application. Oh well - there's always next time! As we had lunch before getting there, we didn't try the restaurant. But, we did get some tea, sikhye and the famous baked eggs at the juice bar. The drinks were especially refreshing after some of the hotter saunas. The baked eggs were just fine. They served as some much needed protein after a full day of baking ourselves and sweating out toxins. We had them just before we got on the 9pm shuttle back into the city, so it was a nice snack to stave off dinner time hunger pangs. All in all, I'd come back here for a scrub and maybe to try the cupping. The saunas are relaxing. I wish there was a bigger steam room and that they have the massaging pools they have at SpaCastle - but I didn't miss them too much... I'd definitely plan another trip back here! Oh, and thanks for the baby soft skin! Yay!
I went to King Spa last week to switch up from my normal trek to Spa Castle in Queens. Since the two spa facilities are similar Spa Castle was my comparison point. In terms of offerings, King Sauna has a variety of sauna huts, with varying degrees of heat intensity, an entire floor dedicated to wireless connectivity, rest stations with EZ boy recliners, full  salon services (massage, facials, etc), and jacuzzi's in both the locker rooms and bathrooms.  There's a dining area where Korean food is sold, and a separate juice bar on a lower level. The place is very clean and well maintained and the environment is very relaxing. There's a merchant in the locker room with a stand of fun goodies to buy. The offerings include nutrient-infused face masks, slipper socks, eye covers, lotions, head wraps, and other irresistible toiletries. Similar to Spa Castle, King Spa is like a spa within a spa. The locker room offers a variety of jacuzzi's, heat rooms, and resting areas and it's easy to forget that you're still in the locker room and haven't yet explored to full spa. I spent a full hour in the locker room alone before going out to lounge the rest of my day away in the rest of the spa. At Spa Castle, there's  an indoor wade pool with a built-in smoothie bar. You can order smoothies from inside the pool similar to a swim-up bar at a Caribbean resort. There's also a rooftop pool that is available year round (the pool is heated during winter). King Spa doesn't have a pool however it didn't take away from the experience for me because I'm not a big fan of pools. King Sauna has a room that is the HOTTEST  I've ever experienced. The room is on the sub level, and has a rectangle sign with Korean characters hung above the doorway. The room is so intense that before entering you must cloak your body in a thick burlap sheet to prevent your skin from burning. Yes, it's that serious.  The room is 390 degrees F. !! Also, the eggs sold at the Juice Bar are cooked in the same room!! Just look up: the cartons are near the ceiling, in a net. The room is hotter than the Russian Room at Russian and Turkish Baths and I thought nothing could top that  For this, I take my hat off to them. I lasted in the room for 10 seconds before I thought I was going to die. Anxiety over the thought of the small door jamming shut didn't help. If you go in this room and remove the sheet for any length of time, you might die! As far as food, Spa Castle offers more food courts and more food choices. King Spa  has a main dining court and a juice bar and Spa Castle has four or five eating places. Aside from the difference in food choices, I'd rate the two places equally. They're both very relaxing, uber-clean spaces that allow you to fully relax and forget your worries.
So let me start by saying that the only reason I even found out about King Spa Sauna is because I'm half Korean, and all us ladies in the family went for a pre-nuptial spa day to help get my aunt ready for her big wedding day.  The spa is in Fort Lee -- which my cousin jokingly calls "South Korea, New Jersey" -- but don't worry about getting there.  If you don't have a car, you can go to the 8th Avenue bus depot at Times Square and take a very short bus ride to King Spa -- the 11A NJ Transit bus goes there, among others.  If you want something different in a spa experience and want to walk out with the best skin you've had in ages, plus a blissed-out feeling of utter relaxation, take the trip.  It's worth it. So when you walk in, if you don't speak Korean, it's better to know what you want.  They do have the list of services in English and Korean, but if you're not familiar with the Korean spas then you won't really understand how to take advantage of the spa and its environment.  Women go to the spas to do the "de" skin scrub, followed by a massage.  In between, you spend some time in the hot sauna rooms (there are myriads in this expansive, 3-floor facility) and finally you get some delicious Korean grub in the restaurant. The "de" skin scrubbing is a pretty intense experience.  It's this thing that Korean women do about once every 3 months, if they are into it, and it involves a spa worker basically scrubbing your skin with harsh exfoliation mitts until you can see the outer layer coming off.  It's hilarious -- you don't realize how dirty you are or might be until you get scrubbed.  And this is no wimpy scrub -- they scrub you for a whole hour as you lay on a table, until you think you are probably as clean as you have ever been in your whole life.  Afterwards, you rinse off your "de" and sit in the steam sauna for about 10 minutes.  Then, you go back on the table for the massage.  But be warned -- this is not a Swedish massage, hot stone massage or anything fancy.  It's a very rough, basic, all-over body massage and they don't work any one part of your body specifically unless you ask them to.  It's a bit more vigorous than the type of massage you might get at an American spa, but you have to relax and go with it, and by the end of the massage you will be amazed by how some lady in a bathing suit kneading and slapping you like a piece of meat actually melts away all your tension.  The massage ends with a a cucumber facial mask and a relaxing hair wash and scalp massage.  I got all this and some food for about $140 (including a very generous tip to my "de" lady). If you go, plan on spending a good 4-5 hours here to get the full experience.  This is something to be enjoyed and it is a memorable, weird and cool spa experience.  Don't go with people you don't want to be naked around because they do all the scrubs and massages in the same big room.  Do laugh at how silly you look in the pink and blue t-shirts and shorts that all the women are required to wear (which totally look like prison outfits) and visit as many rooms as you can.  And don't forget to have a red bean and ice dessert!
I visited King Sauna for the first time after years and years of putting it off. The reason why I had held out for so long was because 1.) I didnt think it would be clean/orderly/professional 2.) the surrounding area was run down (10 years ago) 3.) I thought that it was an Old Girl's Club. I found that my visit proved my assumptions WRONG.  I regretted that it had taken me all this time to visit Kings Sauna. Here's my account of my visit to King Sauna. At the behest of my friends from New York I tagged along with them this past Sunday. I brought my entire life in my tiny gym bag, but once I steppd into the spa I realized I had overprepared. They provide you with towels, uniform, and toothbrush and they have all the basic amenities you need for a shower. Wonderful. To be honest with you, I was absolutely terrified when I first stepped in.  I didn't know what to expect and it's such a large spa with multiple levels and rooms that I felt overwhelmed. After I changed into my uniform (pink for the ladies, white for men) I met my two male friends in the Common area, where there are plush leather seats and dining tables and lush decor.   The Common area also is a cafeteria where they sell a handful of basic (and delicious!) korean menu fare i.e. bibimbap, ramen, korean curry and rice, neng myun etc. There are TV's and people just relax into the sofa's and read newspapers and talk amongst themselves quietly. Once my friends found me tightly curled up in a corner on one of the giant softas, we all made our way up the stairs into the spa area. There are three connected levels of spa areas where they have multiple HOT and COLD rooms, what I affectionately call "TORTURE CHAMBERS", but the physical benefits from lying in any one of these rooms  for at least 10 minutes is quickly noticeable. You instantly feel lifted and refreshed and your aches and pains are gone. I am physically active i.e. bikram yoga and running, so I have occasional tightness in my lower and upper back, my knees, and other joints.  A day at this spa instantly alleviated all my chronic pains and I felt light as a feather after my visit.  You just have to do it to believe it. King Sauna offers massages, body scrubs (which I hear is phenomenal) and salon services and also has a fitness center.  Between visits to the various hot rooms, people enjoy fresh fruit juices at the juice bar and tea eggs. The method of payment for these snacks and also the dining area  is via scanning the barcode on your wristlet that they provide you. This wristlet also has a key to your assigned locker, and I advise you keep it on you at all times. Even on busy days (such as this past sunday), there is absolutely no pushing or shoving, guests are very courteous to each other, and it is a welcome environment to all races.  And though you will run into a lot of old girls, it is certainly open to girls of all ages, which I greatly appreciate.   I will be going back with my friends, we decided to make it a monthly ritual. Some key points: 1. Remember to print the voucher on their website. You pay only $28 with this coupon, as opposed to the regular price of $45. 2. Bring your basic basic necessities i.e. skin care products, and also a change of underwear. All the things you need are provided at the spa. 3. No need to wear an underwear or swimming suit under the uniform. 4. Try every room at least once. Get your money's worth. And every room is herbal infused so the calming essence will be very uplifting.
I went to King Spa Fitness after reading a story in the Wall Street Journal.  I can't remember the article, but it was about someone famous or semi-famous and what hey enjoyed the most about the NYC area.  Well, I am so glad I happened on that article.  My husband and I went to King Spa on Sunday morning and we ended up staying until the following day.  An overnight stay was definitely not in the cards, but I didn't want to leave once I was there.  There is so much to do, it is like a Disney world for adults.  I walked around in the pink uniform (and yes, it is true, no one looks good in the pink uniform) and tried to learn my way around.  I started out with the saunas (salt, mud, the OVEN, and the ice) and then toured the other saunas on the second floor (the gold one and the infra-red, etc..)  After a delicious authentic korean lunch (yes, it is true, the red beans over ice is incredible), I ventured to the spa area where I had a full body scrub.  It was incredible, my skin feels silky smooth after the treatment.  I further enjoyed myself (you feel like a water goddess) through out the two women's spas and then had a mani-pedi.   As I said in the begining, we ended up staying overnight, eating dinner and snacks and enjoying the saunas and spa all night.   This place is great!!!!!!
A friend and i scored a groupon deal for a daily pass to KingSpa and decided to use them this weekend to avoid it expiring. So we've already done the Russian/Turkish bath thing in the city and I guess we assumed it would similar...it was and it wasn't. I have to say I think that the place is pretty clean. We started venturing from room to room to see what we liked best. First thing we noticed is that all the rooms were dry saunas and the main thing that differentiated them from one another was hot or hotter. There was of course the "gold room" with gold healing properties, and the amethyst room. I didn't necessarily feel any different going from one room to the other but I did enjoy most of them. Here's things I don't like/don't understand: It seems to be the norm at these places that obviously it's a very distinct cultural thing, Russian, Korean, if you're these cultures you get what to do. If you're anything else you don't really know what the norm is and no one tells you. I get that because it's a unisex spa for the most part you have to be covered from area to area but I don't see the logic in wearing heavy cotton clothing when you're going to sweat--it just hangs on you and it's not like that clothing is preventing your sweat from going all over the mats. We got some food after a few hours, really had no idea what would be good but we both like vegetables so we got a mixed veg platter. I'm not gonna lie when it came out I was so disappointed but when you start mixing it all up and eating with the rice and sauces it was very good. All in all, I would go back. I think this place might be best for a solo trip as talking is discouraged so it's not so much fun to sit and stare at your friend while you sweat...but I will go back eventually.
this is the cheaper, non-disneyland version of the brand new "inspa world" in queens.  YES you can get all of your cracks & crevices scrubbed & massaged (baby oil & milk, real cucumber mask, etc.) for an hour and 45 mins by a scary strong korean woman who only knows how to say "turn over" in english for a mere 70 bucks.  you'll be so soft when it's done that you won't be able to stop petting yourself.  in fact, my friends couldn't stop petting me either.  :-/
Mike Rowe, I've got an idea for an episode of Dirty Jobs for you. I'm sure the American public would love to watch you strip down to your drawers and rub off layers of dead skin from butt naked old men. Yummy. Like many have said, King Spa/Sauna is not for the faint of heart. I've been anticipating my visit for a few months now and I did plenty of research before coming. There is a strict dress code and a code of conduct patrons are expected to follow. Fellow yelpers have given thorough advice on what to bring etc so I will focus on the highlight of my visit - the body scrub. For $50, you get an ahjumma in see-thru black bra and panties, who uses bar soap and scrubby gloves to literally scrap off layers and layers of skin cells. I have sensitive skin so naturally I was apprehensive about trying it. However my skin was not irritated at all afterwards. It felt more like a rough massage. My lady was very thorough and scrubbed my front, my side, my other side, my back, my front again and then my back again. After the scrub she quickly doused me with warm water and applied Neutrogena Body Oil and proceeded to wash and condition my hair. After that she gives a quick facial scrub with St. Ives Apricot Scrub. This whole process took 45 minutes and it was amazing! Tons of grey pieces of dead skin covered my table and it looked like I could've made an art eraser putty with all of it (I swear I shower at least once a day with a loofa)! They put a towel over your eyes during the whole process so it lowers the weirdness of being completely naked around strangers. I wondered what my lady thought of my jiggly rolls as she scrubbed away. She spoke minimal English but it was enough for us to communicate. She was able to ask if the pressure was okay and if it was my first time (Ask for #3 if you want to try her). Afterwards you should rinse off and enjoy the softness of your skin. This will definitely be part of my beauty routine and I plan to visit at least once a year. A few yelpers have mentioned that they ask for an unreasonable amount for tip but the tip suggestions are listed right next to price of the service and are 20% which is standard. If anything they deserve more than 20% as the job is very demanding and physical for the ladies (most of them who are over 45+). Imagine if it was your mom working that hard! Give it a try, be amazed at how dirty you actually are, and tip generously!
Give it a try!  A friend had asked me for years and years to try this spa.  The whole "naked" thing really turned me off the idea but once I overcame my fear and tried the spa i can honestly say I am hooked.  I recommend you read the reviews for advice on what to do at the spa- let go of any worries and fears and GO.  I have been back already and never felt more relaxed after.  I recommend you try all of the tubs in the wet area as well as the steam room.  As for the dry saunas- I like the amethyst room the best.  They offer wifi and games for the common areas.  I do plan to go back and try the body scrub as I have heard it is definitely worth the extra cost.  Men are also welcome here although men and women are only together in the common areas where a uniform is worn.
Very different from Spa Castle in queens. They don't allow young kids and have a strict policy on noise. No pools, but plenty of secluded rooms/areas on various floors to relax.
Good facilities, with cool saunas, however the massage experience was terrible!  Also, I didn't see any other non-Korean's there.  I first made an appt when I walked in.  When I went to the area, no one was aware of the appt/willing to acknowledge by presence...I was then told to come back in 30.  I came back, waited to be addressed for about 10 minutes, overall a decent massage, however I was covered in a sheet the whole time.  Odd feeling and didn't really cut it compared to massages in Manhattan.   Here is the really bad customer service part... After spending much money at the establishment, we went to check out and the front and I was asked how much I wanted to tip on the massage, I replied 20%, which I believe is acceptable.  I then received a nasty look from the receptionist and she said "ppl usually tip $20," that was 35% of the cost of the massage.  That is ridiculous and I didn't ask for a suggestion as how much to tip!  I conceded out of embarrassment, which I should not have done.  So incredibly tacky.  They lost two customers over a slight increase in tip.  My friend and I were thinking that we have never experienced something so tacky.
Nice place to relax in, however, the management have not been able to repair the hot sweat room for almost a year. I would not recommend this sauna until they repair the hot room. I suggest that before you go there and spend your money, call and ask if the hot sweat room is fixed.
Decided to try this place out today and had a very nice, relaxing experience.  For men, you first go up to the third floor, take your shoes off, go to your locker, and strip down immediately.  The men's spa on the third floor has two saunas: a steam sauna and a dry sauna, and a series of pools.  I did some time in both saunas and then decided to do the "step down" in each pool.  Of course, being a rookie, I didn't realize that the freezing cold pool is next to the hot one!  But that's ok. Went down to the 2nd, coed, floor, where you have to wear your uniform, started to try the various saunas but got called for my body scrub.  Very effective and I wasn't as shocked as I thought I was seeing all the dead skin that I had removed!  Men's body scrub takes about half an hour. Had some time before my massage appointment so I did the circuit of the 2nd floor saunas.  Some are a bit cramped, and I can't say I can really tell much of a difference between the various chambers, but they definitely relaxed me. Massage was good.  Note:  this is a real massage, not a back rub.  I was so relaxed at this point I nearly fell asleep even though the masseuse was doing some real awkward twists.  I've never had my elbow and shoulder pinned down one way with my thigh being twisted the other way!  Massage took a little over one hour. Next, the food court.  The food is not quite as good as the better Korea town restaurants but it is reasonably priced and you get very generous amounts. After that, back to another round of the 2nd floor saunas and then another circuit on the 3rd floor, where I got the order of the pools correct this time! Overall thoughts: Reading some of the reviews, I was concerned that it would be difficult to make my way around.  Don't worry, you'll figure it out.  The first time you go here, just try the different saunas and you'll figure out what you like and what makes you feel better. Go to the website and request an e-coupon the day before you go.  It lowers the price of admission, as of this writing, from $40.00 to $23.00, a great bargain.  You will end up paying quite a bit, however, if you opt for the massages or the body scrub. The website says that on weekends, the services such as massages are first come, first served.  But I did make appointments when I was there.  I think on weekdays, you can actually call in advance to book your times. The place is expanding.  There is going to be an entire new set of co-ed saunas on the second floor.  Some of these I can't really tell what the difference is between what's already there.  But there will be an Ice Room, as well as a co-ed Bul Hanzung Mok.  That last one is apparently the one where you walk into the gates of hell.  Right now they only have that facility for women on the first floor (sorry, no reviews of that for me).  The new facilities look almost completely ready and the woman at the front desk said they were hoping to have them ready by Valentine's Day. 2/16/09 UPDATE:  Went again today, this time with the wife.  The new facilities are up and running and really add to the place.  The Bul Hanzung Mok is incredible, and it's great to contrast it with the new Ice Sauna.  The three other rooms are pleasant, sort of like what you already had on the co-ed floor.
I have been an old customer to this place since last year. We went King Spa early every week. Facilities and saunas are really good. But the customer service is extremely bad. Especially the valet office at their parking office - if you observe carefully, you will find out that the valet staff seems to discriminate again other Asians  except for Koreans. They never pick up the car for you and they force you to give them tips! Can you believe it? I was really pissed off last time and I refused to give tips to the person and I was pretty sure that the person spoke very dirty words in Korean. Valet staffs are very friendly to Koreans. But they are very rude to other people. Try it yourself next time. I suggest you park elsewhere next time.
I spent 9 hrs here yesterday. It was a Wednesday so it's not busy at all. Most sauna rooms had 2-3 ppl and sometimes you got to have the room to yourself. I didn't see any kids and most people there are middle aged, quiet and polite. Basically no line for everything, the staff were quite friendly which I didn't expect after reading some negative reviews about how differently the staff treat customers based on whether they speak Korean or not - not the case yesterday. During my stay, I got to try nearly all the saunas including the extremely hot one, took a nap, had the tofu stew, free juice from the Groupon and the shaved ice. I would definitely come again and I bought 3 more Groupons when I was waiting for the shuttle bus after the amazing day.
My bf and I decided to go early in the morning and take the shuttle bus.. We got to the pick up place (flushing municipal) 5 minutes before pick up time. The bus was no where to be seen so we called the sauna and they gave is a phone number for the ppl who take care of the shuttle. I called him asking politely where he was and he was EXTREMELY rude to me. Mind u i can humbly say that i have great phone manners and he was still talking to me like that. From my understanding.. They don't have much customers at these hours, then shouldn't they at least be kind to the their loyal customers?!? I'm usually not an official complainer (i only think to myself) but this guy passed my limits. Never again attempting to take the shuttle! Unless the get new workers!Disgusted by their ignorance!!
Prior to online deals, this place was a relatively recluse and private spa getaway from society's norms and noise.  I was a FAN. They have towel boys who go througout the spa and provide service, half are nice, the other some tend to be vicious.  The being in the buff as the norm makes it more awkard when they challenge you or get Nazi-esque with the rules of where to brush teeth or other norms that shouldn't be parented or governed in a place to relax that costs money.   Most of the towel boys are illegal immigrants with no care for the American way.   One other thing that has developed, 2 weeks ago, I went there and got bit badly by BED BUGS, BED BUGS, BED BUGS, in the RECLINER CHAIRS aka relaxation rooms.  I showed the fresh bites to the owner and she hushed me at the counter while other customers were waiting to check out and get their IDs back, just said "SORRY" and when I tried to explain more she shewed me away with her hands and said she'll get an exterminator. No discount or anything.  Rude.  Never going back.  Used to be great, now a dive and they are money hungry, not caring about people's needs anymore.  Used to be like a place for restoration, now it adds more stress to the hustle and bustle of NJ NYC TRI STATE pressures and culture. Thumbs down from me, unfortunately, used to love this place. :'- (
If you are looking for a great spa experience in Northern NJ, this is your place! It is richly decorated, big, clean, has lots of ways to entertain yourself (from great food to board games to computer stations to lush leather recliners in dark relaxation rooms) and plenty of variety in saunas as well. Oh, AND fantastic massages! They have conventional full body and foot only dry massages in addition to "wet massages" done in the bathing area. They even offer a full body scrub, if you are not in the mood to wash yourself! Beware, if you have not been to a Korean sauna before ... people get naked on certain floors and it is perfectly acceptable, even expected that you do the same! There's no pressure but you'll be the odd one out if you're in a towel. (The men and women are separated in these areas.) All this being said, they are a very respectable place so there is no inappropriateness (ie: happy endings). It is not an amazingly culturally diverse environment, although they are plenty welcoming and over the years i have seen it become more diverse! They get very busy on weekends and weekday evenings but they are open 24 hrs a day so you can go anytime. I love the place and go often! If you go to their website you can get a discount on the admission price and they give you coupons during check-out for next time ; ) Oh and they do not allow children younger than 10.
Every part of the spa with clean and well maintained. However all of the saunas steam room and ice boxes fit no more than 6 to 8 people at once. Parking was a hassle because we didn't want to do valet so we had to park at the far side street. The uniforms and scrubbing towels were clean however they should consider having bath towels also. The banana strawberry and pineapple juices were delicious.
Been several more times. Bought a ten pack just before rates went up Jan 1st. Still can't give 5 stars because....well, why is the front desk staff so freaking rude? One time I asked to see my receipt (I had over-spent, which is surprisingly easy when you are half awake and need only to wave your wrist at anything to make a purchase). So on this particular day I apparently behaved like a drunk with a trust fund at an auction. Upon my request to see what the hundreds of dollars I had just spent went to, the lady (girl?) (sicario?) at the front desk heaves a big sigh, shakes her head, reluctantly prints up a receipt, shows it to me - holding on to it the whole time!!! - and then when I nod and say oh, ok.....she snatches it back and makes me sign something like a release form declaring that I, state-your-name, do declare that I officially of sound mind and body did hereby request the receipt for use and purposes solely related to reviewing and hold no one harmless as a a result. Ok, I jest a BIT, but this is not far off!! So front desk: CHILL THE EFF OUT and take a sauna or something. Would it kill you to smile occasionally? With all the do-re-mi this place makes being open 24 hours, you must make a decent wage, no? Also, the Lady Parts Steam has become a favorite ritual and the woman in the room works 7 days a week, so be damn nice to her. Food is still good, if not a little overpriced. I've become addicted to the fermented rice drink over shaved ice...after your body is so overheated, down this cool refreshing bowl of sweet goodness with a straw. I think it's $5, but worth it, and enough to share. The NYC shuttle is reliable and quick. Free, unless you don't go round trip. And he keeps track! Body scrubs can be inconsistent depending on who you get scheduled with. The woman who schedules them is impossible to communicate with and makes no effort whatsoever to care. She knows you need her more than she needs you and isn't afraid to flaunt that fact. I  keep swearing I need to learn a few key Korean phrases that I shout out at the beginning of my session to maybe hinder the fact that the scrub artists talk to each other in the communal room throughout the whole session, leaving me to always wonder...."are they talking about my cellulite, or just chatting about what they had for lunch? Officially, now a regular.
I was a huge fan of this place on day 1. On day 2 I went to the upper level and took a nap near the amethyst lounge.... and got severely bitten by BED BUGS! Breakfast, lunch and dinner!!!  I'm not too surprised because there are many people from all over who come to this spa. But after suffering from a bed bug infestation ten years ago, I will never ever come here again. I hope they do something about it asap. For your sanity, don't go here for a while.
(continue from previous review) 6. Lunch & Lounge: We met up for a lunch break before the sauna rooms. They have clocks everywhere in the facility, so it was easy for us to set up a time to meet up. The entrees are all traditional Korean food ranged between $11-$15. We ordered a bibimbap and spicy pork, and both were quite good. It came with many sides and a yummy seaweed soup. The restaurant is decorated elegantly and the food was yummy. We shared a Korean rice drink ($5) afterwards, and it was delicious! There were two infrared red dome (Hanyulso) sitting area. It was nice and warm, and it claimed to be beneficial to your skin. We sat there reading a magazine while finishing up the nice cold rice drink. Afterwards, we went to the lounge area and BF took a nap on a recliner while I surfed on the Internet in the computer/video game room area. We rested for about an hour before heading to the saunas. 7. The saunas: Many of the saunas are co-ed, so BF and I can actually spend time together. I will not go into details of each different sauna rooms since you've already got plenty of helpful yelper reviews in that, but I will give you an overall review on the saunas. The Bulgama is more roomy and less intense than the dome shaped ones (Amethyst Sauna, Rock mineral salt sauna, yellow mud sauna, and gold pyramid sauna). It is separated between men and women, and BF said he actually fell asleep in there. The dome ones are hot and small (fits max 5 adults at once), so small that you actually have to bend down to get through the little doors. The sauna floors are generally quite hot (think walking bare feet on beach sand on a sunny day). They sell socks for $2 to prevent hot feet. They have cotton yoga mat and wooden pillows for you to lie on. You can sit up if you want, but if you lie down, the heat will distribute over your body more evenly. I love the smell and the decorations inside of the salt sauna. The yellow mud has the most moist feeling of them all. We tried the infamous hot sweat room (Bulhanjeungoak). We put one potato sack over our heads and another one to sit on. Personally, I enjoyed Bulhanjeungoak the most, though I can last no longer than 3-4 minutes at a time. You'll see some people wrap the little towels over their mouth and nose. I tried that the second time I went into the Bulhanjeungoak (yes, I loved it THAT much apparently), and it really helped to keep my mouth and nose more moist in the dry sauna. We rushed into the ice room after Bulhanjeungoak, and it's the best feeling ever! There is a juice bar near the ice room where we ordered shredded ice with red bean paste and fruit, and the baked eggs from Bulhanjeungoak. Delicious! Conclusion: After spending 9 hours there, I still didn't get to try everything! There are pictures of each place I described here on their website if you're curious. Everything is clean regularly, and walking on bare feet is no problem at all. Even though I have annoying PMS symptoms before I went to King Sauna (bloating, moodiness, fatigue, bad skin), they pretty much disappeared the next day! I'm definitely coming back!
Absolutely horrible experience .. I got today a 90 min body massage and in the middle of my service my technicians phone rings and guess what ? He answers and he's having a conversation .. What about that .. There goes my massage .. I was expecting at least I'm sorry or something but nothing .. I told the girl from the front that i found this so dis respectful and also to let the manager know about it and when I got out the massage room to look for my husband i saw that they were doing massages with the doors wide open and the therapist texting and talking .. !the only star is for the lady that she did vent-uses for 30 $ on my back cause after a 90 min massage plus a 30 min scrub I was not relaxed and I decided to try those vent-uses(ventusez)and at lest she tried to make me feel comfortable !! Not worth to spend the money in this place ..
i kinda love this place.  i wish it was in new york.  but, i fear... if it was in new york, it wouldn't be the same experience.  differences from spa castle?  its smaller, but also less hectic and therefore cleaner.  its cheaper.  its 24 hours (awesome).  no alcoholic beverages sold on site (i actually prefer this, keeps it less rowdy).  also, the food service closes at midnight.  alsoooo, food options are limited.  there are no roof top swimming pools. but, that's fine.   *new yorkers = there is a shuttle bus that runs round trip from the AM to just before midnight.
Delish food. Awesome ambiance. I go here from NY, even though Spa Castle is right there next to my house. That says a lot, don't you think?
I just adore this place and I would get myself a year-round pass if I still lived in the vicinity. I love that after losing electrolytes in the sauna, you can order a fresh carrot juice, relax for a little while, and then go back in feeling restored. Though I have never done it, this is also a place where you can stay overnight if you're passing through NYC and need a place to crash and restore yourself without much $$ since it's open 24/7. You can also work intermittently in designated areas if you choose as they have wi-fi for guest use as well as desktop computers.
I really love this place and can spend the entire day here. Unlike Spa Castle, there are rarely kids and it's usually very quiet and peaceful. There are plenty of saunas to try, and comfortable sofas to a nap on. The spa is exceptionally clean and well maintained. I always see staff walking around cleaning. The food is also good/affordable here. The dining room is cute with all the pink chairs. A huge majority of the visitors here are middle aged Korean women. The staff barely speaks English, including the receptionist. There have been a few comments on the service here. I have to agree that the receptionists are rather indifferent, and unless you speak Korean, they will not provide the best service. Even if it's obvious that it's your first time, they will not provide any help. Pick up your uniform and go figure everything yourself. The staff inside the spa is a notch nicer. You have to be completely nude, no towels or clothes allowed in the shower area. Be prepared to step out of your comfort zone. Don't wear makeup or do your hair coming to a sauna, because your make up will just melt away. Instead it's good to bring a sheet mask to do on the comfy sofas. Driving here is relatively short from Manhattan and parking is pretty easy to find. They have valet available but we never used that. They also have free shuttle bus available, which makes it even more convenient. The shuttle bus is very clean too. From Manhattan to the spa it's about a 30 minute ride. The shuttle departs exactly on time, so don't be even a minute late. They will not wait. The regular admittance fee is $45. The e-coupon is always available on their website, print that out and your admission will only be $32. Occasionally there are $20 groupons available. Or, if you decide that you really like this place, you can purchase 10 admission tickets for $260, which makes it only $26 per visit.
I have been going to king spa for the past 2 years. I love it. Check out the review I wrote on my blog. glamnaturallife.com/2013…
The good: This was my second King Spa location (I've also been to the Chicago location) and I find that I like the chain. The decor is a little over the top, especially all the ornate pink furniture, but I do appreciate the detail they give to each sauna room, the place is always clean, and the food is consistently decent. It's the perfect place for a girls' retreat (as long as everyone is comfortable with the whole nudity in spas thing). All you do is soak, scrub, eat, sleep, and repeat (varying where you soak and/or sleep to get maximum benefits), and it's open 24 hours. I got my first full body scrub/massage here, and what an experience it was! I'm sure others have described the rather bizarre experience of being slapped and scrubbed at furiously under the ministrations of an older Korean women dressed down to her bra and undies--but the refreshing cucumber mask was unexpected and very nice. So was the second person who helped massage my extra tense shoulders/knots (I guess she wanted to chat with her friend/my masseuse.) When I was showering off afterward, my skin felt softer and more slippery than a brand new baby seal would (or so I imagine). I look forward to my next scrub. The bad: We decided to do an overnight at this location, and instead of sleeping in the women's only room (mats on heated floors), we found a corner in the main room that had comfortable reclining chairs. They dim the lights after certain hours, but it's never fully dark, and staff walk by occasionally, so we felt safe. But in the middle of the night, my friend woke up and saw a man just standing and staring at us--creepy! We moved after that. Parking was also a little difficult, but other Yelpers have said that there are shuttle buses available. We ended up just parking a little further away, and although it was overnight, had no issues. Would I come here again? Yes, if I'm in the area. For an overnight though, I would definitely sleep in the separated room.
The East Side Gets it done, and especially with Spas.  King Sauna was the first Spa that I have been to in the States, and the different Sauna rooms were amazing.  I love the Salt and Gold heat rooms.  The Spas over here in California, particularly in K-town are small and have no Co-Ed sections.  If someone could make a King Sauna in Los Angeles, it would dominate all other Spas here.
This is my #1 go to spot to relieve stress and to relax.  I've been coming here since I was 15 and they have drastically improved the saunas and the amenities provided for you there.  The food is great. I usually get the bibimbap or the yukgaejang.  Sometimes they'll have the cold soybean soup as a special during the summer which I love.  The foot massages are pretty intense and it hurts but you just gotta power through it to feel refreshed afterwards. Their full body massages are the best you can get in Jersey.  Nothing like a true Korean Ahjumma to take out all those stress knots in your back. They do an amazing job at making sure the facility is always clean and I love how refreshed you feel when you leave the place.
Great place to get your spa on.  It can get crowded, but still, it's so worth it.  Great dry massage, awesome body scrub + wet massage, amazing foot massage.  The food is not so great, but still.  I went there with a group of friends -- a great weekend activity.  Internet coupon makes admission $18 -- what a deal!  We've been taking the NJ Transit bus from Port Authority.  Only $4.05 one-way.
Enter a bizarre and beautiful world of Asian relaxation. I had heard of King's Spa through friends and seeing photos on Facebook, so when the Groupon came out, I knew I had to grab it. Of course I waited until the last weekend to use it, but boy am I glad I redeemed it. The morning of was very stressful. The free shuttle that runs from Manhattan to the spa picks up on 31st St between 5th and Broadway. There are no pickup markers and we spent 10 minute panicked, trying to figure out where the stop was as the next shuttle was 1.5 hours after this one. We finally found a group gathered outside a loading area closer to Broadway on the north side of 31st. The first one filled up so they were sending a second one right away. When you arrive, you receive a keychain with a barcode and a key. This is how you get around the locker room and pay for everything. They scan your tag and you pay all at once when you check out. The locker room is so clean I didn't feel grossed out at any moment. The shiny hardwood floors, the non-grimy tiles, the raised platforms in the showers: I felt comfortable walking barefoot throughout the facility. Note on the locker room / showers: if you're pee shy, there are literally no barriers. The showers are partitioned but it's all one huge room with the sit down and standing showers, hot and cold baths, steam room, sauna, and lounge chairs. It was a little uncomfortable because a few people kept staring at individuals while they showered, but I just minded my own business and quickly slipped on the uniform. There are so many floors and rooms in the main spa area that we needed to take a good 10 minutes to orient ourselves. Here's a list of my highs and lows: Standing showers have a high water pressure and I haven't a shower that nice since moving to New York. The steam room is very clean and super steamy. If you like a nice steam, be sure to pop in. You can purchase face masks at the juice bar. Take your pick of nutrients and layer it on. The food is disappointingly mediocre. We both got soondubu and the broth was really spicy and didn't have too much depth in flavor. The sikhye rice drink was interesting, but I'd take a bubble tea over it. The baked eggs are really pretty ad have an interesting texture, but those of you looking for a mind-blowing flavor, they taste exactly like eggs. The massage pricing include tip so it's very comparable to massages in the city. Also, you're already relaxed and that allows the technician to work his/her magic into your muscles even better. The massage itself is also pretty decent; He got so deep without the usual pain. My favorite rooms: mineral salts room, ice room, infrared room, and the nap room. The most unique experience is the Bulhanzungmok, the hottest sauna in the building. Heated to 200' C, there is certain etiquette you must follow if you don't want to get burned. They have burlap sacks on the outside and you must take at least two. Use your towels to create a face mask and head scarf. Take one sack and wrap yourself with it and fold the other in half. When you're ready, signal the door opener and run inside, throw your mat on the ground, and sit. If you're not fast enough, you can burn your feet because the sauna is that hot. I brought a pair of socks but the heat still soaked through those in a matter of seconds. My record was almost three minutes, and I walked out of that room more drenched than any summer day in the city. The best part is watching old Korean grannies run in and out with their burlap sacks, crouched over and dripping in sweat. Plan out your day and make sure you remember all the saunas you want to visit. We planned on staying just a few hours but (for better or worse) it turned into a full day affair. I would definitely come back, although I think it would have a much greater effect on my body/mood when it's cold out. I highly recommend checking it out if you love sweating or are even remotely curious as to what King Spa is like!
I came here yesterday to treat my aunt and my cousin to a luxurious spa day! King Sauna was the perfect place. This totally blows Inspa/ Spa Castle out of the water! First, we went to the steam room that is located in the woman's facility only. The Steam room is amazing! It has an herbal aroma venting through the room. After the steam room, we did a rinse/ scrub down. Next, we hit the Saunas! There are so many!! and literally, every single sauna hut gives you a different effect. I mean all saunas make you sweat but I saw the difference in how my body was sweating differently or not everywhere, maybe just the my arms, and legs in one sauna, and everywhere in another. It was amazing! There is a food court area. Food is not too bad, I tried there sweet rice drink, and shaved ice. Both were 2 thumbs up. One thing I wish they served nang myun. It's cold buckwheat korean noodles. I can just imagine how refreshing it would be to eat that in that kind of relaxing, and soothing atmosphere. Me and my family got there by 12:30. We left at 8 p.m! I'm telling you, you will be amazed, satisfied, and sleeping like a total baby the next day if you go to King Sauna. P.S if you park your car in their lot, (down the block from the spa) ask for coupons. I believe its $15 off per person. So I ended up paying $30 per person!!
I had an excellent time here. Very relaxing indeed! I had a Groupon deal which really lured me in but the normal price is not that bad either, especially if you purchase the e-ticket. Overall, I found the pricing to be quite reasonable. It's an Asian spa and if you haven't been to one before, I'm sure it can be a bit unusual. My previous experience was Spa Castle in Flushing. Comparatively, I found King Spa to be much nicer, though smaller and with less to offer. The Men's spa area was very comfortable and relaxing but I wish they had a few more tubs and pools. It would really be great if they had a co-ed pool area as well. The layout and variety of the dry saunas are quite nice. They really have quite a lot to offer and plenty of space including napping areas. The food was actually reasonably priced and pretty good too. The portions are quite large and you can get a satisfying meal at a decent price. Here's something interesting you might want to try: stay the night! They are open 24/7 and there really is no reason you can't spend a couple of full days there. It's like a mini vacation. They have a computer area if you really need it, reasonably priced food, showers, towels, etc. No real reason to leave if you don't want to!
I must say, i like spa castle in whitestone, ny more.... King Spa is neater, but the spa rooms are tooo small. you ALWAYS have to wait your turn. A good thing is the laptops they provide for you to take a break to go online...
What a great experience, my wife got us tickets to this spa for my B-Day and it was a wonderful experience. Clean well maintain facility, truly indulged ourselves. From the food to the saunas, to the valet parking. We're going to be gifting many tickets to this place in the future. Thank you King Spa!
I've only been to 2 Korean spas, but of the 2 big ones in the NYC Tri-State Area, I liked this one better. The other one felt like a mall, at this one, I felt what I call "roots". There's something very authentic & relaxing about king spa. Consequently, I buy the maximum groupon tickets every time they go on sale. The first thing do when I go there is soak & get a scrub. Do youself a favor! It's a traditional scrub by a professional body worker with a hard, abrasive wash cloth. They literally scrub off all your old, dead skin & you'll see nasty balls of your skin on the floor/table if you pay attention. Once they complete the exfoliation, they give you a proper korean hard massage. **WARNING** Scrubs I do NOT recommended for homophobes. Although it's professional, you're naked & soapy on a table & a member of the same-sex is touching you - HARD. I had to check my homophobia nerve that was twitching at one point. Definitely not for the squeamish, but its VERY healing & an essential part of my experience when I go there. As for the saunas, I go in the cooler salt, amethyst & gold saunas & then graduate to the hotter, yellow earth saunas; but what really go there for is the Bulhanzungmok. I go in around 5 times for as long as I can stand it. it's SUPER hot & truly therapeutic. For those of you that are into sweat lodges, the Bulhanzungmok is the closest thing to a proper Native American purification ceremony as I can find off of the reservation. Newbies should ask the (HARDCORE, old) women you see there for assistance - there's a certain technique/protocol with blankets (provided) to use that room. Be sure to bring socks or something for your feet. Btw-I don't speak Korean, but from what I've read, bulhanzungmok translates to "hot sweat" & it is a 200* (the sign says 800*) OVEN. I get my $$'s worth in there. For bordem, they have complementary computers with Internet & huge squishy recliners for post sauna nap time. They also have a full juice bar & restaurant. So far, we've picked weekday mornings to drive over from Harlem & we've never been disappointed. They have a free valet AND there's a garage right next door, if you need you car worked on - how convenient! Drop off get pampered, float out, drive home in a proper vehicle. Do yourself a favor & go sweat NOW.
I bought a Groupon for this place. $45 for admission for two people. I read some reviews about this place on Yelp so I was prepared about what to expect. I came here on Saturday and it was pretty busy. Very noisy and crowded in the saunas. A couple reviews read that parking is a bit tricky but they have a valet parking lot on the street directly perpendicular to the entrance. It is free and I tipped the attendant a couple dollars when he got my car. You enter the building, pay for your admission, they hand you a bracelet with a barcode (used to pay for food and services) as well as a key to your locker. You hand them your ID as deposit and you get that back when you check out and pay your balance of any food or service you may have purchased. The Men's locker room is on the third floor. The uniforms are in the locker room and there is a male attendant watching the locker room. When you enter the locker room, take off your shoes and carry it to your locker. The uniforms are cotton and the smallest size is only Large. You will see nudity but no one is judging you. If you want to go to the wet saunas, you will have to be nude but I have seen one person wear their swimming shorts. For the Men's, there are two hot 2' deep saunas and one hot 1' deep sauna. They also have one cold sauna pool as well as two sauna rooms. For me, the hot saunas were too hot, my fingers were feeling numb. If you want to go downstairs to the common area, wear your uniform. Men's uniforms are white, Women's are pink. They have about 10 sauna rooms on different floors. Try them all since it is paid for by your admission. You can wear socks or purchase socks for $2 if the floors are too hot for you. I think the heat in the saunas come from the floor as the floors were too hot for me sometimes. There is a infrared feet therapy room and there aren't many spaces for you to lie down and use it so be prepared to wait. The food is pretty good. They have about 20 different Korean style dishes to choose from as well as teas and dessert. I only tried the entrées and they were on par with the Korean food I've had at restaurants. You also get 4-5 side dishes with your entrées. Pretty reasonably priced too, around $11-15 per entrée. They do have laptops and some desktop computers for you to use if you are feeling FOMO. Although since they are shared, I would not log in to anything as your username/passwords may not be secure. They also have a Xbox with a Sonic tennis game and TVs around the lounges. People say this place is pretty clean. Although it is pretty clean, I don't feel comfortable standing in the stall with "wet" spots on the floor. Also, they don't change/clean the mats that you're lying on in the saunas, the wooden blocks you put your head on, the chairs you're relaxing in, etc. (at least I haven't seen it). So I do question the cleanliness of this place. The floors are cleaned every once in a while. When you shower, make sure you bring your own soap. They provide bar soap that everyone else used rubbing it all over their private parts. They have shampoo and conditioner in pump bottles. Overall this was my first experience in a spa and I would come back. It is pretty relaxing.
I went to king sauna last week. Did not get time to write a review till now. I read about king sauna in yelp . So i know what i am going to expect.  But when i entered the women area , i was surprised seeing so many naked women . I was scared at first , it took me about 10 minute to drop off my clothes . I was the only brown woman there and so i got few wierd looks from women . But i got over it and got completely naked and enjoyed the hot tubs , sauna , steam room etc., . My suggestion is better to go with a friend to spend some quality time together. If any indian wants to come with next time .. please contact me at priya_rvr2000@yahoo.co.in
Love this place. Extremely clean and not pricy. If you decide to use the bath area be prepared for nudity. Bath area is a communal space were you have several showers and heated/cold pools. The first time I went was a bit of a cultural shock but after 5 mnts you don't care anymore and end up relaxing. The best thing to finish the day with is with one of their scrubs. Good lord!! I could swear she removed years of dead skin. The process was so worth it as my skin was left soft and glowy. Definitely a place everybody should at least try once.
My gf and I were dropped off at this Korean sauna one day. We had the deer in headlights looks bc we didn't know what to expect. Were we going to be hanging out with naked korean grandma's and grandpa's in communal hot tubs? Alas, no. You get a nice uniform of cotton shorts and a t-shirt. Men wear white, women wear pink, and then you are lead to a wonderful new world of Korean spa. In the spa are various sauna rooms, big ones with huge kilns and small igloos made of rock salt, gold, and other goodies to sooth your body. This place was glorious, and I forgot to mention co-ed. We spent 4 hours there chilling in the saunas, napping in the big couches spread all over the building, and eating some awesome korean food in the food court. Count me in as a new fan of korean jim-chil-bang.
BAD attitude from the curb to front desk. We left the place and will never return. Ill spend my money somewhere else. After leaving the place we found New 4 Seasons for women on Main St. The place is small but "VERY" clean, the girls were amazing.
entrance fee: $28 with e-coupon you get from their website. $50 body scrub is a MUST. u feel so frigging soft and clean after it. (dont forget to tip them. and $20 is minimum tip people usually give.) food is a little pricey, but it's worth it because of the amount they give you, and everything is so delicious!!! (i didnt like spicy cold noodle though..) i've been here at least 8 times already, and i truly enjoy every single part of this place. i live in queens, but i like this place MUCH BETTER than in spa (aka spa castle). i like the vibe, the smell, the food, etc etc much much better in king's sauna :) i usually get $80 body scrub + massage when im there. yes, it may hurt. yes, you may get some bruises. BUT you feel light as a feather after it!!! ALSO, if it hurts too much for you, you can always ASK them to lighten the strength. dont be complaining later about "bruises" or "it hurt so much" or whatever.  JUST ASK THEM TO DO IT LIGHTLY, dUH !! they have installed computers/wifi for customers convenience, but honestly... go play with computers at home. u paid to enjoy the sauna, not the computers ..............
I wanted the weirdest NYC/NJ, I got the weirdest NYC/NJ - it's King Sauna! I always try to hunt down the most unique (er, unusual) things I could engage in when traveling, especially when in the New York area. I love that I found King Sauna (right over the New Jersey border, in Palisades Park) thru Yelp, and even more so that there was a Groupon for the entrance fee.   I tried to do as thorough research as I could before my trip, planning what times to catch the shuttle and what extra services to engage in (which I ended up not doing. Massage, nails etc. are not included in the entrance fee). Do NOT catch the shuttle at the H-Mart in Flushing - it apparently doesn't really stop there, even though it is listed on the website. If you're not in Manhattan, catch the one at the former parking lot just a few blocks away (details on website) from the H-Mart in Flushing. The ride was about 30 min, and then we were across the river at the rather large oasis that is King Sauna.  Check-in was very easy, and I was on my way into the womens' locker room. I'd read Yelp reviews, so I was prepared - for NUDITY. Imagine the opening scene from the classic horror flick "Carrie" - but with 80% middle-aged Korean women. Not to fear. I found it pretty liberating to be in a common naked area - the nude area is where the showers and hot tubs are. Oh, AND where the 'wet' massages are done. This is not to be interpreted as sexual by any means, though. People were just naked, getting un-sexually massaged by women employees (in undies) in the common area. The co-ed (and clothed) areas are where the many different saunas are - the yellow mud, gold triangle, mineral salt, amethyst, DRY heat (more on this later) and icy saunas. Yes, try them all! I about did, with the exception of one or two. The chilly sauna was a welcome relief from all of the sweating I'd already done. There was an employee seated outside of the dry heat sauna, for good reason - to warn you, and prepare you by wrapping your face and head in a towel and covering your body with a burlap blanket. The heat in this sauna was SO intensely dry and powerful, I feared death and quickly exited. Heat is lovely, but it was like sitting on the sun. The Groupon came with a free drink! So I had a banana shake (no ice cream, more like banana, milk and ice) from the eatery. There's also frozen yogurt, and potbingsoo - a HUGE cup of crushed ice covered in fruits, fruit juices, and sweet red beans. This looked incredible, and had I not had dinner plans in a couple of hours I would have ordered this. There is a wifi area (computers provided!) and lounge areas with TVs (showing uh, Korean TV).  People were sleeping in these areas - I'm not sure if people have an entire day to kill and just come here to hang out or what. Or if they have a trans-Pacific flight ahead of them, and come here prior to... Final tips - bring a pair of socks, or buy the $2 ones at the sauna. I'm not particularly concerned about germs on the floor, but the floors of these saunas were HOT.  Spare your feet from the burning sensations. Also, in the womens' shower area were baskets of toiletries - shampoo and conditioner, face wash, a Fresh brand rose face masque and much more. I was glad it was all there, but I'd recommend maybe bringing a small toiletry bag with a comb - there are combs there, but not sitting in a disinfectant. All in all, my experience was great and certainly a first. And for only $24 with that Groupon. If you're wanting a truly unique experience and love saunas, this is a great place to come sweat your brains out/balls off for several hours.
Very clean facility.  Looks just like the photos. People not overly friendly, but ok. All amenities provided, i.e. soap, shampoo, razors, toothbrushes,etc.  Don't get too hung  up on the nudity. It's no worse than high school locker room.  The different sauna rooms are really great and the valet will park you for free.  Print your e-coupon for lower admission price and eat before you go. The food really isn't the best.  Good experience.  I'd go again. You can sleep there on a comfortable recliner for a minimal fee.
This is a full days activity and you will not regret it. They're open 24/7 with a wide variety of saunas. The resting rooms are a huge hit with my bf and I because after such a relaxing day you do get a bit drowsy. There are recliners in sectioned off and quiet areas where you can sleep or roll around as you please. Being the germophobe that I am I was very worried about everyone walking around barefoot, but there are atleast 2 people on each floor mopping and wiping at ALL times. There isn't a single speck of dust or a wet footprint anywhere in the common area. Amazing! I do agree with the previous reviews about the staff being rude to the non Korean clientele. Although they didn't seem too inviting towards their own kind either. I first heard about kings spa through groupon. They almost always have a special going on so make sure to check there first.
I went for the first time today and it was awesome! I went by myself which was nice, but I felt it would've been more fun to have gone with a friend since there is plenty of opportunities to chit chat and just hang out. You need to be aware that you are butt naked in the spa area (tubs, body scrub, massage) which is where you first walk in after changing at your locker. If this concerns you, get over it, no one cares that you're naked! Keep in mind that you will no doubt have to wash your hair at the end because it is nearly impossible to keep your hair from getting wet from the tub, body scrub, massage oils, and constant sweating. They have shampoo and conditioner there. If you want to take a shower or just wash your body, there is only bar soap there which everyone shares so bring your own if you want. Ok, the 2nd and 3rd floor are the areas to really hang out with your friends and is the co-ed area. In the lounge people just fall asleep, there's a restaurant with a t.v., chess room, hot ingloos, and more massage rooms. This is where I really wished I had a friend to hang out with as everyone seemed to have fun with their friends here. In one hot igloo where the lights were dim, I attempted to take a nap, but 2 girls were whispering, which was actually prohibited. I then went to the hot igloo with the lights on, this is where I decided to do some stretching. I loved it! You do need to tip even though the website prices say it includes tip. They suggest a start off tip to be around $20/$25. Oh and if you don't read Korean or Spanish but want to read a magazine while you relax in the lounge, bring your own. Another thing, you will not be able to bring your iPod or cell phone once in the spa area or else it'll get wet or destroyed from the heat. What else? Go early in the day and on a weekday. There's valet parking, which I didn't know and ended up parking my own car in their parking lot, but still felt compelled to tip the guy even though he pulled my car out only 10 feet away when I left.
If there was an option to leave zero stars, I would have. This place was the pits. MEN: BEWARE! The Men's Spa is 'closed until further notice' for repairs/renovation. They have turned a small section of what appeared to be the Women's Spa into a temporary Men's Spa. It's small, with only one steam room and a hot sitzbath. This info is not on their website, and you only find out once you've paid your entry fee. Thankfully, I complained and got a refund, so I only wasted time.
BAM i dont go offten but when i do i make it a whole day event.  at least 8 hours.  Hot tub Col tub hot tub cold tub steam room chain pull cold shower.  wow so refreshing. like a sierra mist.  Lots of saunas to chose from some more private then others  they have a HELL sauna that super hot amazing ppl wrap towels around there heads cause they cant stand the heat.  and yea i dont blame them.. if you dont sit on the burlap sacks you'll burn your butt off.  Dont try this room if you have health conditions, you might die.  right outside the HELL sauna they have popingsu also very refreshing, cool off, play some games.. chess. or the black and white bead game that i never could quit figure out.  OH and they have a food court and wifi with complementary laptops if you feel the urge to look something up online.
Experienced racism and rudeness on the bus - tonight after 11pm, when the shuttle bus was supposed to arrive, I called king sauna and double checked that the bus was actually coming since I didn't want to wait had I missed it. When the bus came driver seemed upset and asked why I couldn't wait for 5 more minutes. After arriving, he stood at the door and complained that management had yelled at him. I explained my intention was only to check the bus. He questioned me until I agreed and let me off. WORST thing was that he made racist comments in Korean to another passenger assuming that I couldn't understand Korean. Had spoked to manager and the answer was 'sometimes these old men are under pressure' and I did not hear a follow up. I had been customer here for three years and brought many friends over. As for the location itself, it's quiet and comforting. Has a little home feel to it and the variety of sauna rooms is broad. it is also very clean.
DO NOT GO HERE. I just found a bruise on each arm near my shoulder from my "massage".  HORRIBLE! There is no comparison to Spa Castle. Unfortunately, this is more convenient if you live in Manhattan due to the free shuttle on 31st St but Spa Castle is a better experience.   King's Spa is more like a traditional Korean bath house and there are no pools with massage vents or spouts. The only "wet" facilities are the showers and hot/cool pools in the bathing area where you have to be naked.  The food menu is limited and all Korean. And, it wasn't that good. The side dishes were ok though. I had noodles, my friend had ramen and another had mandoo soup. I would recommend the bibimbap. I imagine it would be hard to mess that up. The last 30 minutes of my day was miserable. The foot massage was great and so relaxing that I fell asleep. The "hand" massage was actually the whole arm and so painful that my shoulders and forearms still hurt and I think there is a bruise on my left forearm. The massages my friends got were apparently also very painful though they said they enjoyed the traditional body scrubs. I would never recommend any massage there if you are looking to relieve stress.
Love this place so much that i go every other week, i'd go every week if i had the choice. Great food, clean, reasonably priced. Only small complain i have is the shuttle drivers who can be a bit rude.
My husband treated me to King Spa for my birthday yesterday. We tried to read as many reviews as possible before heading out. I went to Spa Castle earlier this year so I sort of new what to expect at this kind of facility. My husband found some coupons online for cheaper entrance which was good. Valet was very quick! My husband and I are both pretty shy when it comes to public nudity so this visit was quite a shock for us. I had seen some nudity at Spa Castle but only in the locker room as I didn't go to the womens only section. At King Spa all of the water spas are gender specific and completely nude. A little disappointing that we couldn't enjoy a pool or whirlpool together. We both had the body scrub and massage. If you get the body scrub, be prepared for full nudity! It's like being bathed by another person. A Korean lady will scrub every inch of your body - I got used to it after 5 minutes and didnt really care about the nudity. The woman who scrubs you is in bra and underwear only. The cucumber mask was freezing cold! Almost to the point where I couldn't take it. The massage was ok - lots and lots of baby oil. You have to shower in between the scrub and massage. Do not expect any privacy in the shower. Everything is out in the open. My husband did not really enjoy his body scrub. He couldn't get over being completely nude - no towel for cover even - and a man scrubbing him from head to toe. He didnt enjoy the massage from the woman either. No lotion or oil and it was done under a sheet. We had lunch at King Spa. The chicken teriyaki was very good. My husband had a banana shake and enjoyed that as well. We used some of the saunas and I went to get a manicure and pedicure. $30 total. I really enjoyed this service as the women were very nice! I would like to go back specifically for this! Thank you Suzi & Grace! After that we enjoyed a nap in one of the theater rooms. We were there on a Thursday afternoon so it was not crowded at all. We had a very relaxing time and at the end of the day we felt like we had been on vacation. Overall it was a great day and we both overcame some fears! We ended up spending $350 for both of us total with tips. You tip at the end so make sure to keep that in mind. I also wanted to mention that I enjoyed the cleanliness of this facility and the upscale feel.
Went there recently and was not impressed.  The hot rooms did not have good ventilation, so I could actually smell residual BO.  Also, as I walked up to the men's locker room and passed the 2nd floor, I saw a couple of mice ran into what I believe is the kitchen area.  That pretty much killed my appetite, which sucked since I was hungry and had planned to have dinner there. Not sure if I'll give it another try.  If I do, will update post.
My husband and I went there this weekend, hoping for a little relaxation & reprieve from the holiday madness. Well, it was the opposite of relaxing. It was crowded, loud, and hectic. The staff is rude and not helpful. The food is good, but overpriced. Honestly, the place is too small for the amount of customers and they need more workers at the front, at the food area and assisting confused newbies. My husband and I are not newbies - we have stayed at plenty of spas in Korea and were expecting better than this. Bottom line, it's cool if you've never done this before. However, if you have, you will see how much they are ruining it.
This was an amazing experience!  A spa should be sanitary and comfortable for all patrons, which I found this place to be especially in comparison to another popular NY spa I visited. The workers were pleasant and helpful.  The foot massage I reviewed was so great I fell asleep.   I will say if you have issues with nudity stay away from the herbal poll/steam room/shower area.  The showers are an open room without stalls.  The herbal pools are great but again clothing/bathing suits are not allowed to be worn in this area. The lounge/relaxation area has large comfy arm chairs that will pull u into the land of slumber.  I think I slept for at least an hour straight after my massage! There are also plenty of saunas with different properties (gold, salt, jade etc). The only downside is the food.  There are not that many options and it is pretty much very basic Korean take out dishes.  I'm vegetarian so there were  one or two items I could eat. Overall I had a great experience.  If you plan to visit expect to spend most of your day there
I've had the experience of getting 10 indiba sessions at the beauty salon downstairs. It was amazing! I came in with acne problems that were very severe, and the people there gave me several options as to go about fixing my face. I was given three options: indiba hyperthermal treatment, general facial, and acne treatment. We went with indiba as it was known to have positive outcome nonetheless. They sold a coupon bundle of 10 for around $1000, but it was well worth it to get my confidence back. The head clinician there, Ms. Jeong Ok, was the best! She treated me with respect and the care I needed. I highly recommend taking a stroll downstairs just to see how they operate.
I visited here on July 3rd to get a head start on the weekend. I had the most relaxing day. I spent about 5 hours in all going from shower, whirlpool, steam, sauna,and did them all again before leaving. I have become somewhat of a regular and like to get here every two to three weeks. I have never felts so relaxed and clean as I do after a day here.
In the words of 90's kid pop sensation Kriss Kross, this place is wiggity wiggity wack. It looks and feels like an old man's den with its very heavy dark wood and fake antiques.  Since they do not offer a listing of their saunas or any sort of map of the floors, I was wandering around exploring the different areas and was repeatedly castigated by Korean women about how I shouldn't be in this area or that area meanwhile they have so much renovation going on that it was hard to navigate.  They also have a computer lounge and there were a lot of local high school kids just hanging out being well, high school kids which detracted from the "spa" experience I was hoping to get.
You may think because this spa is in NJ you wouldn't want to schlep there.  But there is a free van that will take you round trip from 31st (between 5th & B'dway -- closer to B'dway)  or from Flushing.  It's less than a 1/2 hr away from NYC  ... and you can begin to de-stress on the way out there. This is worth every penny ... you will never get as much as this spa offers in NYC. The only thing that costs extra are any bodywork services.  But if you can afford it ... go for it! Very often there are Groupons where instead of $45 you pay $24 for 1 voucher or $45 for a voucher for 2.
Nice spot - love getting naked and relaxing with some buddies, the sleeping area is cool too, just a fun, relaxing and sensual time...and met some other guys too, they were very friendly, warm and welcomed me with very open arms. Would I go back- you bet!
This is my first King Spa experience. The place is very big and has everything that you need to spend the day relaxing, including a restaurant, barber shop, and game rooms. They have spa rooms of various themes too. I thoroughly enjoyed the experience.
This is, hands down, my favorite place in the world. As someone who values hygiene above all, an entire building/day dedicated to showering, bathing, scrubbing, and sweating out toxins in a tranquil environment is my idea of heaven! The price is just right - I can't imagine $50 buying me 8 hours of bliss any other way!
This is a place to visit if you want to relax all day. It is better to plan for a whole day trip because, trust me, 6 hours isn't enough. They have different sauna rooms and some are seperated by gender. They have a huge tv area and computer area for your entertainment. Also, they have a food court where you can buy food, snacks, and/or drinks. Their cold drink (sik-hye) is delicious
if the baby soft skin on my fingertips could add a 6th star, they would happily do so.  this place is a perfect getaway from the city and guarantees a day of serious relaxing and sweating out of all those nasty toxins you've been inhaling, eating and drinking all summer long. here's the routine my friends and i followed yesterday for sheer sunday funday goodness: -signed up or e-coupon a couple of days prior to visit.  print 1-copy for your group and this sucker will get you all in for $18 each!!! -rented a zipcar for 5 friends which added up to $25 each total for a whole day rental.  we met at union sq and headed over the GW and arrived within 25 minutes (got there about noon). -paid $18 at the counter and made appointments for our dry shiatsu massage for 2:30. -we separated from the boys and after us girls got buck naked we made our way to the wet room and made appointments for body scrubs for 1:00.  i absolutely recommend if you don't have skin problems or overly-senstive skin.  this lasted about 30-40 minutes.  i think a pound of dead skin must have come off.  she did a great job and even got the calusses off my feet.   we steamed and sat in the various hot pools before drying off and headed upstairs  to meet the boys for a korean snack before our 2.30 massages. our dry shiatsu massages were perfect.   from there we visited and napped in a couple of sauna rooms (there are so many fun ones to visit).  i spent my final hour back in the wet room, which also has this crazy hot room that you have to sign a waiver to enter.  it's soooo hot and within seconds you sweat so much crap out of your system while surrounded by korean ladies gossiping.  this room is quite surreal:  the kingsaunausa.com/bul_en.… at about the 5th hour, we met upstairs and headed to our favorite korean restaurant in fort lee and had a cheap feast.  was back in the city by 7pm and slept the best sleep i've had in months.
I unexpectedly had a spa date with my boyfriend thanks to Groupon. I was so confused when I got there but I eventually figured things out - no one explains anything upfront but the staff will help you if you ask. When you check in, you get a key with a bracelet, and that number indicates the locker number assigned to you (common sense, but I didn't get it). Once you find your locker, you strip and change into the uniforms they provide. It's uncomfortable at first but you'll just have to get over it. Be prepared to see more naked bodies than you care to, especially elderly ones... they love parading around in the buff. Men and women have separate locker rooms/showers but the 2nd floor is the common area (everyone is clothed, whew). There's different saunas, several lounge areas with TV, a restaurant with overpriced Korean food (the patbingsoo was sooo refreshing!), a juice bar, and an area with computers/laptops for you to use. You make the most of your day, so do whatever your heart desires! Note: you have to pay for food, juice, and spa services other than the saunas (ie: massages, manicures, etc). I stayed for about 6 hours, and I wish I could have stayed longer. It was super relaxing and my skin felt really soft afterwards. This was my first sauna experience and I was definitely out of my comfort zone, but I'm glad I came. I started feeling like a regular just an hour in. People give no fucks about what they look like here, walking around sweat-drenched with face masks on, and neither should you. Make sure you try all the saunas, and enjoy your stay!
This is def a legit Korean spa. The staff are very welcoming. Upon learning that it was our group's first time, they actually provided a very thorough tour of the facilities. We were actually shown the "young women's bath" area that provided more privacy than the other one (in the newer area, I think). Many Yelpers gave out comprehensive reviews, so I won't comment much, except that it totally feels like a cult (with all the uniforms, no need to leave *ever* as there is a food court, computers, fresh water coolers everywhere). We stayed around 4 hours and felt there were more stuff we could've done. Def plan on coming back!
Nice place to go to spend some relaxing time. You can also have a deep message and eat some decent Korean food. I have been here a few times and every time they meet my expectations.
This was my first my first experience at an all day sauna/spa - and it was pretty awesome once you get the jist of things and find your way around. Me and a friend used an e-coupon from their site to get discounted admission of about $28 (extra services will cost more). Regular admission is $45. Of course, there is a free shuttle service to Manhattan and Flushing to save you the trouble. It was a little awkward at first because I wasn't used to seeing these many naked people of all ages walking around so comfortable in the gender-segregated areas. But you quickly get used to that and it shouldn't be a problem - but it is weird when you're going with a friend. It seems like an Asian cultural thing where you shouldn't feel all awkward showering and bathing next to other nude people of the same sex - but that is something to get familiar with. Everything gets charged when they scan your wristlet so you don't need to bring money with you around the facility. I do love the restaurant area which gently fits in with the spa atmosphere. We ordered bibimbab ($11) and they provided us with like 7 side dishes and iced water as well as seaweed soup. There are is a juice bar providing desserts and snacks downstairs. There are different departments for everything: body scrubs, massages, beauty salon (facials, hair, nails), chiropractor, herbal treatments, foot massages, etc. You can sign up for an appointment right on the spot for each area. My friend says their deep-tissue massage (~$60) and foot massage ($30) was amazing. Tip was already included in the fee but she said it was so good she wanted to tip them more. Since I giggle too much during massages, I opted try for the "mugwort fomentation" and I would say it was an 'interesting' experience. However, I do love all things herbal. Next time, I want to try the body scrub! The fresh juices ($5) are pretty good and they throw in a bottle of the Korean yogurt for some oomph. But if you need lots of refreshing drinks, I do recommend bringing some from outside because it'll be cheaper if you're going through like 2 gallons. Most of the saunas I went into were dry saunas with the exception of an ice sauna. I have yet to see if they have a steam sauna. But the dry ones will definitely get you sweating! Will definitely be coming back in the future when I head up into the NYC area.
I enjoyed and reviewed their Dallas location so was happy to see online there was one here that I could easily shuttle to, so I went with a group of friends a little while back. As with Dallas, it's a lovely and relaxing place.if you've been there expect the same but with layout and space differences, mostly. If you're not: You enter and leave your ID and/or credit card with the front staff and receive your plastic key bracelet and spa shorts and top to wear. The female-only section has the entrance to the lockers and bathing/spa area to the left as you go in.  There are plenty of lockers but the space is very tight.  It can be difficult to change in there so folks do a lot of stepping around each other and saying, "excuse me".  lol. Then you enter the spa area nude and you there is the bathing area in front of you (which you are to do before using the pools). They are shower handles with soap set out and optional plastic seats to use.   Plenty of folks bring a little basket of their own bath products to use during any of their bathing times there (it's not unusual to do it more than once at these sorts of places and, of course, most folks want to get around as they would normally before leaving. But that's totally optional. Then, there are two heated pools and two cold pools on one side of the low-wall divider in the room. The other side of the wall is the series of tables that body scrubs and such are done on. The co-ed dressed section has several heated and one cold room placed on 3 levels (maybe 4, I can't remember 100%clearly on that).  There is a restaurant that from my dish's taste makes good food.  (For things like food, massages, manicures, etc you pay using a swipe of your bracelet.) There are places to play games, lots of chairs on the floor, normal, and recliner types throughout the place.  Also, two theater-style rooms filled with the recliners for watching. Other odds and ends, but that gives you an idea of it.  It's very clean, comfortable, and very much value for the price. The only negatives I can really give and makes this a 4 instead of a huge five is that the multiple floors and layout make it easy to get lost or forget where a sauna you are looking for is, it is tight all over and not just the locker room (not crowded, but physically small space for moving around others), and the price situation is a bit odd but it didn't apply to me as I only stayed the day:  the price is for 24hrs, then additional cost for every hour longer. This is what I expected from using the Dallas location.  But on leaving I was reading signs waiting to check out and the pricing list stated the price was for 24hrs but any over-night staying had an additional charge. I'll have to ask for clarification on that next time I go. Oh, and those shuttles are used by a Lot of people, so to get on you have to be very proactive in getting into them as people tend to shove and step in front of you if you leave space. However, they are free transportation and on a day one has no appointments after waiting this isn't a huge deal... You'll get home haha. Over-all, definitely going back!
This place is amazing.  I won't repeat all the nice things that have been said here.  I highly recommend visiting late at night or on a weekday.  I went on a Saturday for the first time lately and unfortunately this place was overrun by er, how do I say this... Non-Korean patrons.  Doing goofy things.  Like wearing a bikini under your spa outfit.  Asking for complicated substitutions from the kitchen where English isn't really spoken.  And walking around in groups like tourists, pointing at the novelties and talking loudly (I'm talking to you, upstate-NY-accent party of 3).   Off hours, weekdays, never weekends.  Part of the fun is sitting in the fenced-in smoking paddock out front, watching the who's-who of Jersey Korea Town arrive at the Valet.   To the pretty lady driving her Mercedes 55 with the well-dressed miniature dog on your lap: you inspire me. Lets do lunch.  At King Sauna!
Went last weekend for a girl's weekend at the spa. Tips: - If you are going to take the shuttle, get to the station early ~15 minutes during the weekends. Last time, they had to call a second shuttle which was another 30 minute wait for the remaining passengers that couldn't get on the bus. - They claimed they ran a special on the body scrub which will last 40 minutes. It didn't happen. We got the massage & body scrub combo. The massage was mediocre. Very gentle. The woman who rubbed me down felt like she was always in a hurry. - I've been to spa castle and I felt that King spa was sub par compared to the one in Flushing. BUT it is cheaper and less crowded. - Not many food options, just one korean place that served average food, but get the frozen yogurt - I loved the inferno room, which was quite unique. My eyeball was sweating! There's an old lady guarding the door (which apparently is too hot to touch, she pulls it open by a rope) In order to get in, you need to bring 3 burlap sacks, you huddle under a self built tent like structure or else I feel like my skin will peel off. After a good 30 seconds, you can leave and sprint to the ice room. We saw steam leaving our body, it was like my soul escaping. Overall, it was a good spa, I felt a many of the rooms were duplicates, if I were to choose, I would much rather go to Spa Castle in flushing. But I am cheap, so I will continue to come here.
Quick Review: Place is only pricey if you are going for a luxorious spa experience, but if I were going to do that there are plenty of better places. It would be akin to expecting high class service in a 2* hotel. Also no matter how the service is, remember there is a minimum tip. The place is pretty clean, not as many kids as a certain place in Queens. My biggest problem with the place is the staff (the Korean staff, as they are the only ones who communicate with you). They tend to be very rude, they spend time talking to each other, ignoring you, giving you the worst customer service imaginable. The old korean ahjuma's who visit the Sauna can be oblivious, and have went through people's stuff in the cubbie's. If you get your uniform stolen, thats your problem, you have to pay them for another one. So a decent place, but don't expect any level of service, and after paying a high admission fee, expect them to nickle and dime you for everything.
$45 entrance fee, you can stay all day (but after 2AM you will have to pay I believe $10 more for overnight fee). to be honest $45 is too much for me to pay, but there are $10 coupons for this place all over town and sometimes the parking valet people have them too. sometimes groupon has a deal for $24. I would suggest you eat before you come here bc their food court is nothing amazing, although some of their dishes are decent. I like this place bc you can just relax and do whatever you want really. lay around and sweat or scrub yourself clean.. and they also have a wet sauna. there are massages available and a beauty salon as well, but you would of course pay extra for that. my routine is usually to have breakfast and then go in the AM, have lunch there and leave by dinner time. please note that not all staff can speak English, but most of the rooms have signs that have English descriptions/explanations. I would choose this place over spa castle in queens only bc you pay less here for essentially the same experience.
The bit&$h at the front desk was unreal I really like the place but they got to get rid of her. So many reviews about the help there and all bad. The place inside is great the food went downhill but everything else was wonderful . Ask for the coupon they don't give  it to you otherwise so I am told which I think it's bs anyway
I have never been to a Korean spa before, so this was definitely an experience. Thanks to Jessica C, she introduced the Groupon that offered a $22 special, normally $45, for one 24-hr admission and it was well worth it. We came about 12pm and before I knew it, it was 5:00 and I didn't even realize where the time went. I showed my groupon voucher to the front desk, left my credit card, and received a key for my locker along with a bracelet/# that can be scanned for other services and/or purchases, which will all be payed for at the end of the day. You're also given a towel and uniform to wear once inside. You cannot enter the locker rooms with shoes on, so be sure to take them off and with you to put into the locker you've been given. There are cubbies specifically for shoes, but a lady behind us once had her shoes taken and suggested we take them inside with us. I was a little hesitant at first with the thought of being naked in front of other women, but after 5 minutes it feels perfectly comfortable. There is another desk area where you can make an appointment for any other services. They will call your number when ready. I immediately smelled the food from the upstairs cafeteria and it made me want to eat it right away, but that came much later after I got in the zone. Once you enter the naked room, you must shower before anything. This is also where the "wet" services are taken place, baths and steam room. There is a hot bath, another is lukewarm, a cold bath, and a very very cold bath. Try them all. My body felt refreshed and my skin so soft. There are hair dryers and lotions if you wish to use after. Once you change into the spa uniform, you're ready to try the saunas, two of which are on the first floor. The rest are upstairs, along with the cafeteria, lounging and sleeping areas with lovely leather reclining seats, some games like chess ect, and a game room. After a couple saunas and the tour in general, I was ready to eat! My cousin, whom has been about three times already, and I shared the Curry Rice. Was pretty good, and decent portions that we could split it between the two of us. The place seems so big and overwhelming at first, but before I knew it I was going up and down those steps trying every sauna, 2-3 times each and figuring out which I liked best. Some felt hotter than others. My favorite was the Hwangtoh (yellow mud), which, to me, had a really nice relaxing smell, and the Cheongito (energy soil). It feels so nice getting into the ice sauna in between to cool off and I liked how each sauna showed the medical benefits, not to mention they were all so pretty and unique. If a sauna you want to get into is full, relax and stand by until someone leaves. If you don't get in, someone else sure will! Exhausted from sauna hopping, I made my way into one of the sleeping rooms and fell asleep for an hour. Before heading out, I completed the day with the plain frozen yogurt topped with a little bit of fresh fruit. Key word, fresh! Very tasty. I love the set up and decor in the cafeteria and lounges..the tables, the chairs, really nice authentic feel and just so comfortable all around. Now that I know which saunas I like best, I will definitely take advantage of the other services, massages, scrubs, mani/pedis, and more. It was a great first experience and I am looking forward to coming back, and maybe sleeping over night for a little extra charge.
They have the worst customer service! I've been going there for almost 10 years. Recently and only this time in 10 years I had an issue so I had a discussion with a front desk lady and even the manager, wow was I disappointed. I don't think they would care if they lose customers, that's how they seemed.  Now thinking about it, King Spa is not the best spa out there.  Maybe for a first timer, this place could seem amazing.  For regular sauna goers, there are definitely other and better saunas.  I absolutely will not support King Sauna ever again, what a shame.
It's pretty and the price is good. They have shuttle bus service that can save you the toll if you want to drive. I love their renovation and they open 24 hours (so you can sleep over). However, one thing I do not like is that they do not have water spa in the public area.
Have been here several times with my cousins. But not really anymore ever since moving into the city. They do have free shuttle services though from Manhattan to NJ and from NJ to Manhattan for convenience. It's pretty decent Korean-style sauna with many healthcare facilities, steam rooms, ice cold tub/pools. There is also a haircut place downstairs, a lounge to lay down, massage chairs, and a restaurant serving organic and natural and Korean food. For first timers: This is a Korean sauna so you are expected to be completely naked when you enter the pool areas. It is not Unisex but divided to Men and Women areas (only the non "water" areas like lounge/restaurant areas are shared) Anyways visit for a uniquely Korean experience~
I love jjimjilbangs and King Spa did not disappoint. I spent a much needed day of relaxation and bliss here. Tips for those new to "Korean spas": - when you check in, you're given a bracelet with a barcode. Keep that with you at all times as that will be your primary source of "money" and identification throughout your stay. It also has a key that will open up your specific locker in the locker room. You'll use it to make appointments for different services or to purchase any of the in-spa items (food, snacks, face masks, etc). When you check out of the spa at the end, turn in your barcode and they'll give you the bill for everything altogether. - if you're female, after checking in, grab a "roll" to the right in front of the women's locker rooms. Just as a heads up, they tend to chArge extra for women to request new towels or uniforms, (but they're totally free of charge and given out indiscriminately for men!!) so I'd recommend you to just sneak 2 rolls on your way into the locker room. It's not the most pleasant changing back into your sweaty uniform from sauna-hopping after bathing and getting all fresh. You'll change into these immediately in the locker room. No need to wear underwear. You will not be allowed past the locker room in your own clothing. - take off your shoes before walking into the locker room! On the way in, there are shoe racks you can leave your shoes in. You will be barefoot throughout your stay, unless your feet are sensitive to the heated floors in the sauna, in which case you can bring and wear socks or you can buy ones there for $2. Surprisingly, the floors of King Spa are kept meticulously clean, so my usual germaphobe boyfriend wasn't sweating at the idea of public barefootedness. - so I guess reading reviews and witnessing countless of women freaking out about it, nudity seems to be a huge deal to some. It's really not, although I understand how that can be a totally subjective sentiment. If you're adamantly anti-public nudity, just skip the baths. You can easily spend the day going around the saunas. You'll only have to walk past the bath area on your way to the co-ed area from the locker room, so yes, you will see nude people. If you're with friends and don't want to see them/be seen by them in the nude, you can bathe/schedule wet services at different times than your companions. Regardless, you'll miss out on a huge aspect of the King Spa experience if you're too insecure or uptight about nudity. -if you opt for a massage or scrub, there's a desk inside the women's only area that will set up an appt for you. Note that if you do decide on a wet massage or scrub (or both) you will have to bathe. -bathing: if/when you decide to hit the baths, go to the locker room and take off your uniform. You'll be completely naked, and be sure to take the shower stuff you brought from home with you. Shampoo, conditioner, toothbrush, loofa, soap, etc. They do have shampoo/conditioner and communal bars of soap inside in case you neglect to bring your own. Also take your towel, but be sure to leave it in the mini lockers immediately outside of the bathing area (these are also numbered, with each locker specific to the number on your barcode bracelet). This is on a multitude of signs inside the bathing area, but it can't be stressed enough to shower immediately upon entering before entering a bath. There are some upright showers and a lot of "sit down" style showers where you grab a stool to sit on and shower yourself. You must tie your hair back when you get in the tubs unless you have super short hair, or you will get scolded. There are different baths at varying degrees - the cold bath which is germanium, a hot bath, a super hot bath, and the ice pool. There's also a steam room. Scrubs and wet massages are done in the back with no partition, so if you do sign up for one, just know you'll pretty much be on full display. As per Korean scrubs go, they will be wearing black lace underwear, and will scrub layers and layers off your skin with Brillo type mittens on their hands. And they will scrub you everywhere. My only grief with this whole experience was that the lady doing my scrub was not really thorough in getting ALL areas of my body and didn't scrub as hard as I'm used to, but I'll be sure to ask specifically for them to really get into it! Minus one star, but I'll def be back and will update my review accordingly :) -usually I spend most of the day going in and out of the saunas to sweat all my toxins out before heading to the baths to wash all the sweat off. There's more, but I think the rest are all pretty easy to figure out going in as a newbie. Don't be afraid to ask questions! Oh, and try the eggs! And the rice drink. So refreshing! Oh, and try to refrain from loud talking in the baths and saunas, we are all trying to relax!
The bulgama sauna is so wonderfully hot that it is painful. I love it. When I enter, I usually put on the pink cap you see the Korean women donning, wet my hand towel with cold water and wrap it around my face, looking like a pink bandit ready for a fight. Grab the potato sack covers and cape yourself. then......SWEAT IT OUT! sweat out your problems, your tension, your stress. I still miss onsens in Japan but the Korean alternative is totally different and just awesome. Don't get embarrassed about being naked. You're there to relax, not to stress out by being concerned about your nakedness. Embrace the nudity! Yeah baby, yeah.
My friends and I went on a whim because we had a Groupon deal. It's sort of overwhelming at first because people in this place do not have a problem walking around butt naked. For those who are more uncomfortable with the nude scene, I would not suggest this place. The service at this spa is amazing. There's different saunas and lounges for people to try and hang out but you sort of question how clean certain things are since this place is 24 hrs. When You first get there, they provide you with a set of clothes to change out of. You also don't walk around with shoes, which for some germaphobes, this may sound appalling. Food is available for purchase up to a certain time, but otherwise you have more than enough saunas and lounge chairs to relax. I would recommend people to try it at least once. Also time accordingly as it gets very busy there Saturday nights.
Well, for my first experience in this type of establishment I have to say that it was amazing.  You have to be prepared when you go though: 1) don't be shy about getting nekkid.  most of the patrons are Korean women (i'm a white girl from a small town), a large percentage of them aged 50+, and they bare it all freely and comfortably.   2) you'll feel a little like you're in a cult since all the women wear these pink half-scrub outfits, men wear white. 3) give yourself plenty of time. What I liked most about it was that it really felt like an oasis away from the outside world.  There are so many different saunas all unique and enjoyable in their own way.  The super hot Hell chamber (bulgama, I think it was called) was a bit much for us to take, but I think if I go back (which I plan to, for sure) eventually I'll be able to do it.  We also went into the Ice Sauna at the end of the day and that was a nice way to end things.  The common areas are relaxing and inviting, and the food smelled yummy tho we didn't eat while we were there.   I spent some time in the women's shower room and the steam sauna shower was awesome along with the whirlpool tubs.  You just have to get past the whole nudity in public thing.  I had a wet massage (also not easy if you're uncomfortable getting naked) from a lovely older Korean woman in her bra & undies.  It was an interesting experience...felt like i was being marinated, and smacked around on a slip n slide but it was still invigorating at the same time.   Overall I would recommend the experience.  I plan to go back and I'm sure the more I frequent King the more I'll enjoy it because I'll get more comfortable with the idea of hanging out in your birthday suit.  Luckily for me I went with my sister, the only other person in the world I would dare share that experience with for the first time. Only negative:  The valet actually asked for a tip and was hesitant to give us our keys when we left!!  The most annoying part of it was that we parked our own car upon arriving anyway.
Marlyn's 10 tips to King Spa: 1. Wait and get a $22 Groupon for a day pass, don't pay the regular $45. 2. Get a $50 full body scrub & milk bath - prepare your nipples for some roughness. 3. Get over being naked around women with untrimmed bushes...it's only for 1 room in the entire place. 4. Do all the saunas slowly, you have a 24 HOUR pass. 5. Come hungover, drink a natural fruit smoothie, sweat the sugar out....repeat. 6. Don't bring loud Latina friends with you if your uncomfortable with older Asian lady glares. 7. Suck it up and go in the extreme ice room, but don't put your tongue on the ice pipe. 8. Get Valet, it's free, you only need to tip. 9. Leave your cell phone in your locker and disconnect completely. 10. Get here early, sweat it out, then prepare to enjoy the best sleep of your life right after. If you're still not sold, read Jessica C's detailed review outlining the entire experience! Overall, you will not regret your experience.
This place is great- clean - affordable and super relaxing.  Great place to spend the day and just relax.
Visited King Spa on a Sunday with my sister.  Arrived about 1pm, the lobby was not unusually packed.  There was a line but it went quickly.  The majority of people were Asian but otherwise a good mix of cultures.  The workers were overall pleasant but limited in English.  Thankfully I speak Spanish and was able to have any uncertainties addressed by the Spanish speaking workers.  Nothing is explained to you at check in, so the waiting in line served the purpose of studying the behavior and following suit.. When in Rome, you know the rest! After the shuffle of obtaining the locker key, picking up the roll of towels and uniform, you then follow the procession to the locker area.  You must take your shoes off prior to entering (there are cubbies for inexpensive shoes) otherwise plastic bags are provided for your shoes to be placed in your locker.   The place is pretty immaculate and I didn't get a skeevy vibe at all.  Some ppl prefer walking around in socks for fear of germs but not many do this.  I decided to walk around barefoot.  The floor is warm everywhere you go.   The vastness and hidden rooms can be a bit daunting to the first timer like myself but the good thing is that you have the whole day to figure out every nook and cranny! Lol They really need to hand out maps! -really, hence my 4 star rating! As far as the saunas, I can definitely say that I'm not a fan!! Too hot and felt like I was in a dry hell! I know, I know, But I just wanted to try it out and I did!   I did however enjoy the steam room and the hot tub where women chatted and relaxed in the buff! It was a very relaxing and freeing.  Took a nice shower with the soap, shampoo and conditioner provided sans shower curtain of course.  Then went to change back into the uniform.  Lotions of all sorts, hair dryers, hair gel & spray are provided for all.  We then made our way to the nail salon where we booked our appts for the $30 mani/pedi special after our meal. The food was ok.. I had the Beef Bulgogi, kinda heavy but the lighter option was a grilled chicken salad, which I should have stuck with.  I felt tired and bloated! However, our next stop was one of the sleeping rooms which we took full advantage of!  We napped for about 1.5 hours on big comfy leather lazy boys and then prepared for our journey home! Checkout is another issue, at 8pm the line was indistinguishable for check ins or outs! Hence my 4 star rating.   Other than that, I'm definitely returning as a veteran!
Just bought the ten visits gift certificate special and split between 5 of my friends. It comes out to $20 a piece, so it's very cheap and well worth it.
My favorite place to unwind after a long week. It is every bit similar to what you can find in Asia - communal but extremely clean, busy, and a one stop shop for all your needs (haircut, massage, food/dessert, etc). I can legit spend the entire day here (they're 24/7, which always helps). There's ample reviews here to justify this place's awesomeness. And the pictures speak for themselves. Some additional tips I'd remind everyone: -ask the valet for a coupon. $10 off your admission -if you decide to come often, consider buying services by the batch. expensive upfront but it will save you in the long term. -prepare your birthday suit. the 2nd floor is shared (everyone is clothed with king spa attire), but the changing/hot tub places require you to be fully naked (;]) -Smoking is prohibited inside, but you can go outside (with your own shoes) by the entrance to bogue. As long as you don't check out (hand in your tag) it's all fine. -if you drive here, parking lots are all around. just pay attention to the open spots. if you want to valet, expect to pay at least a couple in tip. the valet is a bit grumpy if you dollar him (lol) -never used the shuttle service from Manhattan, but heard it was very good. consider the option if needed.
I love King Sauna!! It was here I ate Korean food for the first time. Bibimbap!! It was soo good. I went there with an online coupon and only pay $28.00!! Sweet deal! For a spa, King Sauna is very clean. Very nice facility. They have unisex sauna floor, all women floor, and all men floor. You give you a shirt and pants, and you store you clothes in locks. Beware that to use the pool, you will have be fully naked. No bathing suit allow. The pool is separated by males and females. Don't think you're going to see people of the opposite sex fully naked. The food is really good here. Even their ramyun (ramen) is delicious. There are extra services that are not include in the general price, such as massages or body scrubs. I really like King Sauna. Great place to detox.
The worst service. An employee in woman spa, do not speak English. We asked her "where to eat?". And she told us"front desk"..... The water smelly bad, and dirty. A lot of hair in the water. And when I change clothes in woman locker room, there is a guy in the room!!!  OMG!! Can not believe that!!! When we leave, the front desk staff did not recognize a deposit received. She cheat our deposit!! And a guy in parking lot, he did nothing, but he ask us for tip!! He did nothing!! We parked by ourself ok?!! The man is very angry, I don't even know what he was angry!! You did nothing!!  What problem with this spa, hire people like this! This was the first time I went to this place, and is last time. Why yelp do not have zero star?
I'm totally hooked. This place is super fun and relaxing! I came here with my boyfriend at 2pm on Saturday and it was pretty crowded. They didn't have any more locker keys for the ladies so I got a waiting ticket. Unfortunately we waited over 30 minutes until I asked the lady again if I was called. There must've been some mistake because I saw other people get their keys before I did and we got there first. Anyway, once I got inside, I was completely lost and didn't know where to go and what to do. The staff members mostly spoke Korean and for the whole time, I was mistaken to be Korean.. I especially loved the fact that everything is laid out for you. You get a large towel, a tiny towel, a toothbrush, and even a pair of pink cotton shirt and shorts. Once you get into the women's only spa area, all you will see is nakedness. Sorry, but it is hard to avoid it so might as well join them. Also after going into several sauna rooms, you will want to treat yourself to some potbingsoo and try their eggs! I believe the eggs are "cooked" in the hottest sauna rooms. They taste more like Chinese tea eggs to me, but are very delicious and sweet. I absolutely love this place because of its cleanliness, the variety of saunas, free computers to use, and the place in general. The staff is very helpful and always going around to keep things tidy. LOVE THIS PLACE! :)
I wish I could leave more stars, but I can't because of the sexism. Why isn't this addressed? "I hate the fact they treat the women differently here.  They treat the women as if they were second class citizens.  The men get to change their uniforms, new towels, and freshly cleaned scrubbing towels while the women are only allowed one towel, one uniform and the scrubbing towels all have been used and hanging on towel bars wet from the last person.  Not only do the men have extra towels and uniforms, they also have a hot sauna, which the women section do not.  This is the 21st century, women should be treated equally." I experienced the same thing. Maybe some women aren't aware of this problem -- I mean, I wouldn't have known that my male friend didn't have to pay $2 extra for an uniform unless I complained about it (it was a huge hassle to get, and I was yelled at for needing another uniform and told I would be charged). I tried writing to the management about this issue (the only email listed on their website), but the email bounced-back. How hard is it for this sort of nonsense to change? I guess not so hard if people don't care enough to do anything about it. I wish they would.
Nothing beats going to King Sauna for a relaxing afternoon (or morning) on a rainy day alone or with a group of friends. Just be sure to give yourself plenty of time (Minimum of 3+ hrs if possible) to sweat out the toxins and get a good scrub or massage. And if you like Korean food - you will find this place heavenly!  Just remember, if you plan to venture into "Bulhanzungmok", be sure to cover yourself with burlap sheets (do not expose any skin) as it is literally "hot as hell" but fabulously detoxing.
Was there yesterday, July 1, 2014: First, there is a recent review here claiming the Mens' Spa is closed for renovation.  If that was true a couple of weeks ago, it isn't anymore.  It was open, as normal yesterday.   All three jacuzzis, the sauna, steam bath, etc.   Second, yesterday was I believe the fifth time I've been to King Spa, I have never encountered anything but good treatment and general politeness from the staff. Yes, on occasion, some come across a little gruff, but I truly believe it has more to do with a native Korean speaker pronouncing a few words in English- a language some of them do not know well.  A smile takes you very far.
I love this place especially the food I think this place has the best food out all the four Korean sauna/spas I've been to. Only downside for me is that I have to pay tolls to get there from NY. Otherwise, I would love to go at least one a week.
Great way to kick back and sweat your brains out after a long week at work. Clean and spacious with various 'rooms' to choose from...such as mud sauna, ice room, rock salt sauna, and crystal room... just to name a few. Definitely an experience if you never been to a Korean sauna room. Very authentic and clean if I had not mention that already. Staff are strict to not have any foot wear, just socks. Each room are unique where the walls are plated from crystals, gems, ice, rock salt, mud, to 23k gold, obviously not all in one. But the platings are not just for show, it's good for you too!!! Beneficial effects to your health include removal of toxins, improved blood circulation, promotes tissue and muscle recovery, and enhancements to your immune system. They also offer food on one floor and a juice bar on another. Slightly overpriced but what you expect? You're going to be hungry and thirsty after all your hard work of rest and relaxation... (fyi...it's open for 24 hours) The food there is nothing special. Regular offering of Korean food. Than again you're not here for the food. If you can hold off on the food,  try to stick with the shaved ice, and fruit juices. Lastly,  try to take advantage of their Groupon offers when available. Savings of 50% which saves you money so that you can spend it on more food and you get more bang for the buck.
I first visited this place about three years ago on a weekday.  I enjoyed the cultural experience of a Korean sweat. I liked the various heated theme rooms.  The place is huge with winding floors.  There was plenty of comfortable lounge space to rest and just chill out. Living in Brooklyn, I don't get out to New Jersey too much so my visit was more like a tourist attraction.  I visited the place again a few weeks ago from a Groupon coupon.  This time we I visited on a Saturday evening.  It was crazy crowded.  The line to get in was out the door.  I decided to come back during another week day.  Once again I enjoyed the experience.  They added some additional facilities such as a fitness room and nail salon.  I also noticed the visitors were also more cultural diverse which may be attributed to the reach of Groupon.  I recommend anyone visiting just for the experience.  Be prepared for the nudity if you visit the gender specific spa rooms and try to go during the week to stay away from the crowds on the weekend.
I just remembered that this guy I (very erroneously) dated said he wanted to come here when he is sick because it clears out his sinuses. Isn't that the most inconsiderate, evil thing you have ever heard ? I said, "but that will make other people sick." I hope no one comes here when they are sick. I am wary about coming during flu season, but reassured by the reports that the place is clean. I hope everyone continues to have fun at King Spa, and if you have a cold, please have the common sense and decency to stay home! .......... My tips: --If you have never been, don't look at the pictures. It is kind of like spoilers. Just go and discover for yourself. --Bring something to read --Bring a change of underwear and socks to walk around in
Where do I start?? Not your average Western spa and it's not meant to be. I came here for a relaxing day as a gift from someone special and since I forgot to actually review the place (shame on me), I didn't know what I was getting myself into! I totally got slapped in the face by the Korean culture but in a great way. I had no idea that friends, and family spa it out in their birthday suit while indulging in scrubs, aromatherapy, and different heated cave-like dwellings. I was so intrigued by this that I researched the culture a bit and now understand that it's a very special ritual that's been going on for centuries. I surely didn't knock it till I tried it! The food was great! I had the marinated beef and dumplings. The place was really clean, and soooo relaxing. I fell asleep on their amazing chairs, and walked around barefoot without my mom yelling at me. lol I felt amazing after and at peace. Made me love my body even more and felt totally cool walking around with naked strangers. Heyyyy!
I had a good first experience at a Korean sauna. The shuttle was very prompt in arriving and the drive was only 30 min tops. Inside you'll find 3+ floors. The facilities, from the locker rooms to the sauna rooms were very clean. It helps that guests are only allowed the uniforms that they provide (no shoes allowed inside). You only need to wear the locker key which also has a barcode that will track your purchases. Sauna rooms (they look like hobbit houses) fit about 5-7 people, depending on the room size. Each room is special, from mineral salts to gems (like amethyst). Most rooms have herbs hanging in cloth bags ranging from orange peels to peppermint. There are hot and cold rooms. The floors are covered in heated bamboo mats and there are towels and wooden pillows inside each room. I advise wearing socks because the bottom of your feet will burn. Within 10 min of sitting in the sauna rooms, you'll see the moisture oozing all over your body. It's very relaxing to deeply breathe in the warm air. The cafeteria food was average though portions were very big. As for the changing area, there are showers and bath pools. The bath pools are heated and guests should only spend 10 min max in it. It's a good way to complete the sauna process. They also have hairdriers (that are hot enough but those Conair's aren't the best), lotions, and hairsprays in the changing rooms.
Took my first trip ever to King Spa and am wondering why I didn't do this sooner! I left the spa feeling chill, light as a feather and completely detoxed. They have a free shuttle from midtown but my friends and I opted to take car service - we used Carmel and it was $55 from East Village - it wasnt a long drive at all. We used the coupon from the website, so entrance was discounted. Do not forget to print it, the woman at the front desk wouldn't accept the ecoupon on my iPhone. Upon entering you are given a bracelet with a key that lets you charge things to wyour account and assigns you a locker. After changing into your uniform the spa is yours to explore and hangout in. I recommend lays no in the carbon room to get relaxed and then hitting the saunas. Save the whirlpool room for last and be aware that clothing is not optional so you will be  birthday suit naked. I got a body rub which was only $50 plus tip and worth every penny - my skin was left rosy and soft. The spa is no frills but very clean. My favorite saunas was the kiln room and the amethyst sauna and ice sauna. The ice sauna was cold on my feet, definitely glad that I bought the socks which were $2. I also loved the cold plunge pool and the steam room, although I used the towel over my face as I thought the aromatherapy oils were a little intense. I recommend coming early as it gets crowded in the afternoon; also try and come when you have few hours to enjoy.
Great place for all day hang out. Their sauna rooms are one of the best I have been to. Heat varies from room to room, dude one of the room, forgot the name is serious. Temperature would have been easy 200 degrees or more. Mud room was another good one. Great smoothies and juices, not expensive at all. Food was meh .. I would not go there and order food. Lounging areas were nice and cozy. The only negative part that I took 1 star out was the forcible nudity. Not that I care being naked in front of anyone, but why force it. Overall, an ultimate place to relax your mind and muscles. Go and sweat it out and the take a chill pill in ice room.
Very nice i went today. I plan to go back. A bit expensive but it was nice.
It is always a relaxing treat to come here with my boyfriend and friends! I have been here so many times, I am slowly becoming a regular soon at this rate. I come here all the way from New york even though there are other spas near my area. Service: The staff are nice and friendly. They have valet parking so you don't have to worry about finding parking. They provide you with your own uniform with a towel and a smaller one. Ambiance: It's very clean and relaxing environment. You hear the sounds of waterfalls in every corner of the place. There are so many plants everywhere that it adds to the relaxing experience. They have all different mineral,salt, and much saunas. They have many lounges and areas where you can take a quiet and soothing nap. All the saunas are co-ed besides some lounging areas where they separate you by genders. There is wifi for you to use your electronics and they provide computers and laptops for your use without charge. They have other spa services like massage and beauty salon. They also have a fitness center but I haven't seen that since I only go to the sauna areas. They have an awesome dining area that served traditional korean dishes! Love love it! They even make fresh smoothies, frozrn yogurt and other amazing cold treats! Overall: It's definitely worth the trip. In addition, they have groupons online all the time, so be sure to check it before it's gone!
It's amazing! I don't know about others but I'm into the whole cleanliness of a sauna. It's fun too. You exhaust yourself by the end of the day but if you get use to it, everything will be fine. I usually go there with my mom and my sister. My sister always checks her wait before and after she comes out of the steam rooms, saunas, showers, etc. It's pretty interesting... There are weight scales both in kg. and lbs. in the women's bath area. There aren't a lot of food options however.... I'd really enjoy it if they had like an American dish but being Korean, I loved their food anyways. I love their shaved ice (potbbingsoup), and strawberry. They sell boiled eggs  (2 for $3). I personally think they're amazing because they use this unique technique to make them boiled eggs. It's yummy with or without the salt. I enjoyed my experience!
The main plus of King spa is that easy, half hour shuttle ride, from Herald Square. Coming from Manhattan or Brooklyn it's cake, compared to the trek to Spa Castle. All the way to the end of the seven, then a shuttle.Boo. This and the $20 dollar Groupon gives the place leverage over my beloved Spa Castle. Although, what I miss are all the reasonable temperature wading pools. King has a couple of really hot hot tubs and some  really cold tubs. With one room temp wading pool where you can wade, if your man enough to stick out the painful cold shock, for the first minute. This is only if you are determined.  Another pleasant aspect, is their nap rooms. They are warm and there are a ton of them. I had several hour long naps. Making my stay at King Spa a personal record breaking 8 hours.
This is one of the best Korean Spas yet. Very cosy, friendly, super clean, affordable, serene and definitely worth the time and money. I highly recommend it.
Today marks my third time here and I've finally decided to give this place a review. If you're looking for a clean & comfortable place to relax and rest your mind, this is the place to go. The sauna rooms are amazing; they each have their own distinct smell and effects for your body. There are many places to relax and sleep and laptops are even provided.   The ajummas working at the restaurant are really nice and friendly. I asked for extra side dishes and they gladly gave it to me. People are constantly sweeping and mopping, so the floors are always spot clean. Water is available on all floors or a smoothie/patbingsu after a sauna room is always refreshing. The ONLY complaint I have (hence the extra star off) is the shuttle from Manhattan to the spa and vice versa. There isn't a general rule or proper system and problems have arose every time. There isn't a sign anywhere on 31st and 5th ave that this is the mark to wait on line. The shuttle also doesn't stop at the same spot every time. Yes a line is formed, however once the shuttle comes; everyone just dash onto the van NOT remembering they were on a line to begin with. Those who were in front of the line always missed the shuttle because they weren't "fast enough". I missed the 12pm shuttle on my 2nd visit even though I was one of the first few on line. The driver also doesn't seemed to care (although there's nothing much he can do since the people in the middle already hopped onto the van). The next shuttle was at 2pm. I understand you can't have someone standing there all day to watch the line, but how about creating a better system? Maybe having customers called in the night before to reserve a spot? -- Checking out of the spa and trying to hop on the shuttle is also a problem. People always seem to ignore the line and cut even though people are clearly standing there. Once the shuttle comes, everyone dash onto it. During check out, maybe you can ask customers if they're taking a certain time shuttle and giving them a number? That way, those people are guarantee a spot and not have to get upset over inconsiderate people. Overall, aside from the shuttle; I had a great and enjoyable experience each time and would definitely come back.
I've been to King Sauna about once a month for the past couple of years. Just can't stay away. I never feel better than when I walk out of this place after five or six hours of pampering. Highlights: Foot and hand reflexology. You can get 30 minutes of one or the other, but you can also get one hour of hands plus one hour of feet. Yes, two hours in a lazy boy of nothing but foot and hand massage, and nothing could be better. The body scrub is out of this world. The first time, I thought I'd be scrubbed raw; but I've since learned that these folks know exactly what they're doing. My skin feels smooth as silk, and the best part is how freely my skin perspires after my work-outs for the next week or two. No room for modesty in this process; just about every part of you is going to get scrubbed. But it's all perfectly legit and incredibly relaxing. The food. I just love the food. And it's cheap. And the servings are huge. My favorite sauna is the bulgama. Sometimes I wish there weren't so much chattering amongst the female clientelle, but my pores really open up in there in the most wonderful way. Clean, clean, clean. If you come here, you're going to be leaving a lot of stress behind.
So I'm a fan of King Spa. I got tricked into coming here by a friend with a groupon. "Check out the website"   OK...Looks like a nice spa with plenty of white people wearing clothes and going into fun little Saunas all day! :D It's not...but it's still awesome! So here's what to expect if you're guy...and you're white and have never been to this sort of place before. 3 Floors 1st Floor is the women's area. 2nd Floor is the "common" area with like 12 different saunas of vary makes and temperatures. Try them all. 3rd Floor is Men ONLY - When you check in they're gonna send you upto the 3rd floor with a key on a wrist band. It has your locker number on it. You're gonna open the door upstairs and see a whole bunch of naked men. It's ok. There will probably be someone at the desk who looks like he speaks english but it's broken at best lol. - Take off your shoes!! AT THE DOOR or they'll yell at you and you'll feel like an awkward outsider -.- - Go to the locker number they assigned you and get naked. It's awkward at first and you'll want to hide behind a towel. Get over it and you'll have a better time. - Take a shower. PLEASE TAKE A SHOWER. If you don't you're going to contaminate every place you go. Don't be gross. When I say take a shower, I mean grab one of the little yellow cloth things by the door and scrub your whole body from head to toe. - This is where you get to chose your own adventure. You can hang out in the men's area and soak in one of the 3 Jacuzzis, sit in the dry sauna or steam room. The idea is to get really hot, sweat and then cool down in one of the cold water pools or rinse off quick under the cold shower. Repeat. Or Go grab a shirt/shorts from the shelves and go downstairs to the common area. There you can hit up the saunas or just sit in a comfy chair and take a nap while watching odd Korean soap operas. They have a great restaurant. As stated by pretty much every other white person, they don't speak great english here. It's ok. It kinda just adds to the experience.
Ever since they remodeled the interior, I love it and have been going more than ever. They did raise the price for tickets and food but its worth it. They have a gym, pc space, restaurant, and multiple specialized sauna and massage rooms. I love this place but, one thing that I wasn't satifsfied was that my massage time cut short by 5~10min last time. Well, I still love this place though :)
Listen it exactly what it is a sauna house, great coupon on groupon. Very relaxing and def a place where u can get away. Mens whirlpool area nothin special and the pools extremely small so unless you wanna squeeze in naked with a bunch of creepers that ate 1000 doughnuts I would avoid just take a hot shower and call it a day. Lol
This is my favorite Korean place in NJ, A+++++++++
I love this place, but I hate it at the same time.  I love coming here to enjoy all the relaxing rooms whether it be the shower area with the hot tubs, cold tubs and the steam rooms and the various co-ed rooms, but I hate the fact they treat the women differently here.  They treat the women as if they were second class citizens.  The men get to change their uniforms, new towels, and freshly cleaned scrubbing towels while the women are only allowed one towel, one uniform and the scrubbing towels all have been used and hanging on towel bars wet from the last person.  Not only do the men have extra towels and uniforms, they also have a hot sauna, which the women section do not.  This is the 21st century, women should be treated equally. Since closing down the really hot room, service and the food portions have gone down, but the prices have gone up.  This place used to be five stars to me, but service and quality have gone down.  It's the only place in town, so I will have to deal with it since my whole family enjoys coming here.
Very well maintained...silence has been maintained in all the places...we took a foot massage and therapist seemed really professional...they did very good. Food is I think is Korean, I am not much of a fan, but ok...I would suggest to have your food outside and come here if you are not a Korean good fan... Their website gives thorough details of what they have in the spa. It was very helpful. Other than that, this place is awesome and very relaxing.
I went there twice and the first time was good.  The place was clean and it was relaxing.  The food was also decent.  The facilities rather large set on a back street with plenty of lot space for the place and parking lots for its customers. The parking is free, just tip the valet.  Cover/entrance fee is normally $45 if you don't have coupons, groupons, etc.   After you pay, you grab a roll which consists of uniform, face cloth and towel.  Its pink for girls and white for guys.  One size fits most.  For the women's locker room, as soon as you get near the lockers, you must take off your shoes and the little bracelet they give you has your locker number and key on it.  It also has a barcode for you to scan anywhere you would like to purchase services or food in the facility. They have rooms with huge massage chairs, tv and quiet signs.  There are coed areas as well as male or female only areas.  There are places where there are laptops for you to use the internet as well.  Also, there is a restaurant upstairs and a juice bar downstairs with frozen yogurt, fruits and other treats.  Of course, entrance cover only allows you entrance and access to saunas and spas.  It does not include food or other services such as  massages, scrubs etc.   They used to give you a $20 coupon in the parking lot.  Now its $10.  Which transitions me into my experience with my second visit.   The place seems less regulated now.  There were crumpled up cups inside the herbal saunas.   And people were bringing in iced drinks into the saunas... Really?!?!?  There were also people there who were obviously sick and coughing up a storm every couple of minutes.   To say the least, I contracted conjunctivitis at the spa.   I'm not sure what happened but the place used to be immaculate with more people in it as well.  (Blame the economy?!?) I was surprised with the change in cleaniness as that would be super important especially in saunas and spas. This time I also got a wet massage and body scrub as well.  It was decent and they really do scrub everything off including dead skin and new!  I did enjoy it and it was a pretty interesting experience.  The massage was good but if you are looking for deep tissue or swedish, then get a dry massage.   Tip for getting this is that you need to shower first, then steam room and dip your entire body in the hot bath.  It helps to allow exfoliation.  This combo is for women only and is $85 + min $25 tip.   You can go alone or with a friend.  Just no hanky panky with a significant other, although now I don't know if they would even catch you since there seems to be less regulation and more dirt. A bit sad that my second experience ended up in conjunctivitis.  Its a good thing i'm a pharmacist and have some antibiotic eye drops to un-contagious myself for the duration of this annoyance. I'm so uptight about cleaniness tooooo!
Nice services horrible staff. Rude and unhelpful. Don't ask for anything and your visit will be okay.
What a great experience! Used a Groupon to check this place out. We arrived early on a Sunday (7:30am) and the place was busy but not crowded. Everything seemed very clean. The saunas were amazing! The only downside was that it got very crowded as the day went on and noisier which made the experience less relaxing. The services are reasonably priced compared to western spa services but the food is a little pricy. We did not take the shuttle. We drove and it's right across the GWB. We found easy street parking. It's definitely worth checking out!
Good overall experience. Food is a bit pricy, additional 70$ was spent for 2 people on top of the entrance fee. The reason for the 3 star review is their drinking water. Every time you exit a spa room, after sweating out all that water from your body you want a nice cup of water. But king spa clearly refills their water coolers with tap. Water tasted the same gross way in every cooler (and they are all different "brands"). I would definitely recommend bringing your own bottled water or buying it their if you don't mind the extra cost.
This place is a solid representation of a Korean Spa.  It has separate guy/girl locker rooms with baths/showers/saunas, and a common area (3 floors) that include: - specialty spa rooms (mineral salt, mud, ice, pyramid, etc) - game area - dining area - TV area - *more* It's a great way to spend a few hours during the weekend to relax, especially if you can manage to grab the Groupon deal of $40 for 2 people.  If you miss the deal, then remember to purchase your ticket online for a discount (around $30). If you're from Manhattan like me, then the best way is to rent/borrow/call a car. Public transportation might take awhile.  If you need a cab while in Jersey, then call 201-290-3008.  Easy cab service that can take you to a KBBQ place to satisfy your hunger after the spa.
Very clean and relaxing...did I say clean?.  It was a little awkward at first in the locker room area, but after 5-minutes it was just fine.  The common area was awesome with 11 saunas including one that was oak fired and at 200C or about 394F...You're only in it for about 2-3 minutes or so, and then into the ice sauna (which could be colder) ya go.  The food was average but pretty good and they have eggs that have been roasted in the aforementioned super hot sauna which were nice and flavorful if salted.  The napping rooms came in awfully handy!  All in all, a grand slam home run, I will be back for sure.
Love the expansion! This place is massive! Rooms every where. Relaxation comes naturally when at king spa. Money spending also comes naturally. Bring at least $150 including admission if you plan to spend a night and enjoy all king sauna has to offer . Eating, massages, scrubs, drinks, and more ! The only thing is is the managers here are pretty mean. Power trip, but the service from the staff is amazing!
Warning: King Sauna has discriminatory and unusual tipping policies! Services are more expensive than you think b/c of the MANDATORY 30% TIPPING POLICIES (probably because they don't pay their workers and want people to think they're cheap.) First of all, I want to say that I used to be a big fan of King Sauna until they started changing their policies because of the increasing numbers of non-Koreans that started to frequent the place.  I used to go there with my mom (we are both Korean) and get massages which we paid 20% tip so everything was fine and dandy until one day I decided to take my Korean friend who does not speak Korean well and another friend who is white.  Because the place is now super-busy on weekends, they were 30 minutes late for my appointment b/c the lady before me decided to show up late.  Fine--I was late for another appointment but I can understand when things get busy (although other saunas would probably tell her to wait or cancel her appointment).  The lady who gave me the massage kept asking me if I go to the sauna regularly (which in retrospect, I wonder if she was asking in order to decide if she was going to rip me off) and I said it had been awhile because I had been abroad for a year (I'd been there more than a few times before but did not mention this to her.)  After getting a massage, I gave the lady my usual 20% tip but then she comes running after me saying that they have a 30% mandatory tip policy.  It was then that I noticed the tiny little sign inside the sauna (not posted visibly that i can tell at the entrance where we pay) about the 30% tipping policy.  I had NEVER had this experience in the past when I went with my mother but I decided to let it go since I figured King Sauna probably doesn't pay their workers and this is the only money she made. However, to make things worse, my white friend decided to pay everything on her credit card at the entrance outside instead and the lady asks her how much she wants to pay for tip.  My friend said 20% and the lady ignores her and charged her 30% instead!!!  I did not know about this until we left and my friends had never been to this place before so they thought maybe they do things differently here. However, when I asked my mom who has been there plenty of times with her friends, she said she never had that experience in the past.   I find it very shady that they do not just increase the price for services instead of this mandatory tipping policy which is insanely high. I am also embarrassed because places like this give Korean establishments a very bad name (esp for my friends who had never been to one of these Korean saunas before.)  I am also wary that they might be breaking all kinds of labor laws. With this in mind, please beware!! Keep in mind that any price you pay for massage and other services includes a 30% mandatory tip, which means it is not as cheap as they claim to be.  Also, expect to pay more if you are not a regular customer and/ or are not Korean!!!  I suspect but can not prove also that they do not pay their workers who rely on these tips for a living.
I came to this place on a groupon on a Saturday and it was not very packed which surprised me but I very pleased. This spa has many different heat rooms for virtually all ailments, many more than the spa castle. It also has a really hot 200 degree little dungeon room, if you really need to sweat. The women's jacuzzis area is a little outdated. This place can get an easy five stars if they added a water common area and some sushi and a variety of fruit bowls.
Went to King Sauna with my friend yesterday. Neither one of us has been to a Korean sauna, so we decided to try something new... Well, suffice it to say we were out of there after a 15 minute-long self-tour... After we paid, we were handed a bundle, which when rolled out in the locker room, turned out to be a big towel (expected), a small towel (well, less expected, but ok we saw how we could use it to cover... our heads?) and thick, pink, cut-off.......... pajamas!!! ok, we thought, what do you do with them and WHERE do we wear them??? Our Russian in us kept picturing our bodies in minimal bikinis sweating it all away in a nice hot environment of an all wood room... Suddenly, a female voice floated into our conscience and in broken English muttered out, 'you go in sauna, you put on'... WHAT???!!! You put on clothes to go into a hot sauna? Seemed like a foreign concept for us... The pictures of sweat being absobred into a fabric that was wrapped around our bodies (steaming in your own sweat?) flashed through our minds.  Thanks, but not thanks!  We returned to the receptionist and asked for a refund.  She pointed at the clock and said, 'no, no, one hour...' My friend and I looked at each other.  Hhhmm, 15 minutes equals 1 hour?  Oh, well...  Let her math abilities be judged by someone else...  This sauna fits specific taste, not ours.
I've been to many spas/banyas and this one is a surreal experience. The place is huge! you can easily spend 5-6 hours here and it wont feel long enough. This place isn't intense like the Russian banyas, which i prefer. BUT, King Spa's charm is how everything is about relaxing, and by the time you get out, you feel de-stressed, and relaxed. Come with a group of friends, make sure you eat, get smoothies, and spend 5+ hours there. If you don't like it don't come back, it's worth a visit.
Took my mom here for a mommy and daughter spa day. It was our first time here. Once you go into the lobby, you will need to give some form of ID, then they give you a pink uniform (short and shirt)...which are massively large. Men and women are in different colors. You will see a lot of naked people there, especially in the locker rooms and the pool areas. Ladies, if your not comfortable with seeing hairy arm pits, saggy boobs and hairy privates, then you'll be ok...there's a lot of those there...LOL!!! The facility is very clean and smell good. They have a variety of saunas... the ice room is pretty cool.,.. they also have one room that is heated over 200+ degrees. I tried to go in, but ah hell nah.... that room felt like hell on earth. If you want to use the computers in the PC area, you might have to wait, beacuse there's always young children on the computers, or they just do not work. Overall, it was a nice experience, not bad at all.
I would have given a 4-5 star if I could after hearing all about it, but several reasons I cannot. 1. Friendly atmosphere, more like they leave you alone atmosphere. If you are not korean or speak the language, you are pretty much like a foreigner in another country. I get half replies or IDKs when I ask a Question. Customer service and help in English could be better since more and more non-Koreans are coming here. 2. As stated above, since more foreigners are coming rules and regulations like over night stays, extra towels, wash first before you enter hot tub, what costs extra could be better explained. Many times I feel lost and since I already paid to come in, I feel that the service stops at the front door, everything after that you need to either find the right sign to read, to know what you are going into/paying for, or know what exactly not to bring in or bring out of. It is way easier if someone can just show the ropes the first time around. That way people can learn from the korean custom without making a fool of themselves, naked, to say the least. 3. Food prices have gone up? I heard it used to be cheap here ranging from $5 dishes. The cheapest dish you will find here starts at $9. Almost like a real korean restaurant except its a bath house... Maybe bring the price down a little? 4. Parking ppl do not speak any English, it was difficult for me to tell them that my car doors do not lock automatically on their own and that they need to lock it manually for all the doors. I felt really uneasy when I parked with VIP since I know they are putting my car somewhere outdoor and accessible to anyone.... Still if there are no other competitors out there, this would be the only one I go to when I need a good relaxation/detox day. Favorite room: charcoal room. Great to sleep in except they wake you from 2am-4am to clean
im no klepto, but i have two shirts to prove the two times i came here. come on over with an open wallet and a free schedule to fully enjoy your day ;)
In theory a nice relaxing place in reality not so much, or at least not during the weekend. Busy, loud, overcrowded. The sauna rooms are small and people are talking inside or really loudly outside so you can't really relax. The locker rooms bustling with so many people it. An be hard to maneuver around.  With the traffic all around at this place it's hard to feel like it's at all sanitary a place..just makes me feel kinda dirtier.. Restaurant also packed though food is served relatively quickly and is good relatively speaking - not great restaurant quality but better than food court food, ie gallery 32 in ktown in manhattan.   Free shuttle from manhattan is convenient. Picks up 31st near broadway at the old usps (39 w 31st st) in front of a small coffee shop that has the shuttle bus schedule posted in the door.
Went here with my girlfriend and Absolutely loved the the experience! At first we were little skeptical about being naked around other people. Once i got to the place, I just went with the flow. For people there it seemed like an absolutely normal experience, and after about 5 minutes it felt normal for me also. Obviously the naked sections are separated by gender. After you wash up you get a a pair of shorts and a shirt and are free to go to the main area  where you can meet up with your significant other and enjoy dozens of saunas. The place is huge and it has little nap rooms with huge cozy leather couches and a TV. The food here is also great, watch out if you get something spicy Koreans don't play with that.
Ok first things first- I loved the Groupon deal.. My friend and I bought the $40 for 2 which is totally reasonable since all this gets you is access to the many saunas, tubs and showers and lounges.. Which, to me is totally worth the $20 each (.. Normally the admission is $40 somethin'!!) so I wouldn't go without the Groupon since after it can get pretty pricey if you get any massages.. Parking is a little confusing, it's past the coffee house in front of the Spa and to the left is valet and to the right is normal parking.. We were confused where parking is so we just did the valet which isn't bad since you just pay a tip. Once inside it was a little hectic, there were a lot of people at 7pm on a Monday! We were given our key to the locker and an outfit (um, which is comfy assss heck! FYI- I'm a bit on the chunkier side so I was a little nervous that id have to squeeze into a tiny little pink outfit and be sweating like a pig.. But not to fear, if you ask the woman at the desk in the locker room they can give you a bigger size at no extra cost!) So once we changed and starry eyed at the many elderly nude woman, we found our way happily bouncing all around this HUGE spa and loving each and every sauna. It wasn't too crowded, there was a good mix of people but it wasn't too congested.. It was comfortable. The mineral salt was my absolute favorite.. Definitely a must. We hit the Korean kitchen afterwords and for a whopping $11 bucks each we received with much delight a HUGE meal! We got the udon noodles and steamed veggie dumplings.. It comes with a ton of side dishes and definitely satisfies. We of course had to hit up the juice bar which was also delicious.   I can see how it could get pretty packed though, especially on the weekends. I'd definitely shoot for a weekday.. And go to each and every sauna!!! Bring some facial cleanser for afterwords, they sell awesome facial masks at $4 if you aren't already getting a facial. Be careful, the locker key also has a barcode which the services or food you buy just get scanned and when you leave you pay up.. So I can see where you can spend a lot and not even realize it. Around 10pm there weren't many people in the showers/baths so we were able to comfortably shower and bathe without too many people gawking since you have to be full nude in this area (we kept a towel nearby just in case) but I wouldn't worry about it, nobody stares or makes you feel uncomfortable. It's a totally relaxing place and the most saunas are coed so you can go with your partner and relax. will definitely be coming back to try out the massages!!
I've been to both King Sauna and Spa Castle. I'll choose King Sauna any day! I found it to be a relaxing place with fantastic massages. Spa Castle was too commercial, lots of baths with temperatures to be lukewarm, dirty foamy water and crowded. While I like to drink I appreciate the no alcohol policy that kept the place from being a party place.
Went there with a groupon (I highly suggest you try get it because this place is Not worth $40 a person.) Went there on a Saturday at around 3pm and there was a waiting list for women lockers, we waited about 15 mins which wasn't the worst but definitely tarnished my first impression. Once you go, you get a uniform which consists of a large pink shirt and shorts. For the groupon or $40 a person, you get access to all the different saunas. If you want to get a massage it is extra ($60). They also have a juice bar but I was disappointed that it wasn't a real juice bar with vegetable and fruit juice. What they sell it's pretty much frozen fruits slushy. I got kiwi and strawberry and it was decent. They also have a restaurant but half the stuff on the menu was sold out. How do you sold out of food at 5 pm, especially if you're supposed to be open 24/7? I ended getting the chicken teriyaki which was good but nothing special....it reminded me of the food you get at the mall. I did like the different saunas, especially the one where you exposed your feet only to heat; I ended up taking a nap in that one. I also enjoyed the gold room as well as the herbal sauna. The Jacuzzi was extremely hot, like burning your skin hot and the cool Jacuzzi was freezing. The locker rooms were clean and although service wasn't impeccable I did not feel like people were rude. It is an interesting experience, especially if you like saunas.  With that said, I am in no rush to go back.
this place is huge with so much to offer...lounges, a fitness center, game rooms, ice rooms, saunas, steams, cold pools, hot tubs, a restaurant and they even have an overnight option... so many things to oggle and try here.  There's an arrayment of igloo and pyramid type hot rooms all with different herbs, stones, and properties that are good for you and detoxifying.  It's quite unique and a fun yet a calming place to visit.  I could do this every day really!  and the food is delish and healthy... take your pick from soup bowls, udon noodles, etc. (both veggie & meat options)  There are co-ed sections and separate men's and women's areas...if you need relaxation this is the spot!  go online for a discount coupon for $28 for all except if you want a special spa service such as massage, nails, or a body scrub that is extra...also if you want to sleep away the night in the lounge area or one of the relaxation rooms it's only $10 extra... enjoy!
LOVE THIS SPAAA!!! Took my Best Friend here for her birthday using the groupon. We was able to squeeze on the shuttle bus that left from the city but that was sketchy! Being that its first come, first serve and the van is really SMALL, NOT a good idea to take the van on the weekend. Did the wet body scrub and massage. Best ever!!! But be prepared because everything is done in the nude. In the women's bath house, everyone is nude, except the workers. It is such a liberating feeling. Everyone there was nice and the facility was very very CLEAN! Food was traditional japanese. Very tasty. Fresh smoothies were the best. Loved the Saunas and the whole layout. OVERALL, MUST VISIT!!!
I wear my pink King Sauna tee to sleep~ It reminds me of how I sweated in their saunas, collapsed in relief in their ice room, and ate yummy Korean food in their cafeteria. Try the shikhye! It's icy wonderful.
Honestly, I do not understand why they would advertise on Groupon (knowing that it would draw non-Korean customers, yet most of the staffs have limited English speaking skills with an attitude.) If they are so unhappy to work there, why bother be in the spa business. Also, they are so afraid  that you would not buy meals in the spa. While we were visiting the spa, we asked if we can go out for a walk for some sun shine (the spa has no window nor natural lighting), the staff was so nervous about it and kept asking us if we have other "plans" or if we are meeting someone, and he kept saying its not allowed. I think  they need to take  a chill pill. They advertise as if  the spa can relief our stress, on the contrary they are making us feel stressed out mentally...Not everyone has a scheme and what if i do decided to dine out, why is that a problem to them? Isn't this a free country? The only good thing is the free shuttle, on time and its a Mercedes Shuttle. The meal is not bad there actually, however, they just HAVE to stop being so uptight and please treat the customers with respect. BTW, the front desk lost my shuttle tkts, and they said I lost it...very strange....they took the credit cards and shuttle tkts when we checked in and stuff it in the little boxy lockers....
.I've been here since about 10 this morning and it is now 6;30 PM It is a wonderful place. My first time being at a real spa, one reason why I'm only giving it 4 stars, being that I have nothing to compare it to.First  I got the free shuttle from NYC , the drivers where on time. The ride was maybe 20mins to an half hour, not very long. Check in went quickly, they assume you know what to do and where to go so there is no customer service. I just did what the lady in front of me did and was just fine. Being completely naked scared me at first but like many yelpers before me have said you get over it very quickly. Everything is very clean,but not as quiet as I would think a spa/sauna would be. I had the body  scrub that was very nice,baby soft skin, the woman I had wasn't that rough on my skin and they used grey clay and scrubbed every inch of my body. A great place to just chill and relax for a day. Bring plenty of money and just relax and spend the whole day here. I will be bringing my man friend here and recommending a few co-workers. Next time I will get a message and maybe a pedi. Have to get back to relaxation.
Came here with a groupon deal for 2 people. Place is easy to spot--it's the big white building that takes up half a block. Parking was easy to get. You could do valet which is half a block away or look around the area or even better, just go to shop rite and park in the mall area (about a block and half away) Got free $10 off spa coupon from the valet for my other friend (since we didn't print out ecoupon) We paid, woman grab clothing set and head straight to the right and men have to make their way upstair for theirs. No shoes allow once you get to the locker. If you are going straight to the saunas, just change into their clothes (big pink tshirt and pants for woman and white for men) Ladies forget your undies and bra-- their uniform is very concealing and thick so no one can see your nipples. If you are going straight to the water bath, then strip naked, bring your towel and caddy in. Do not wear your uniform because they don't have a space to hold your stuff inside. They have a small locker outside to hold your bath stuff. They have their own shampoo and conditioners, skin lotion, tons of shared hair brushes--varies in many kinds, and blow driers. One towel is included in each set. Once upstair, they have drinking water in every level so don't worry about that too. Everyone is barefoot throughout, so don't think about bringing slippers. (some wore socks) I went on a weekend and there was tons of people but towards 6pm, it got less crowded. The website stated a lot of varies type but when you get there, I felt like it wasn't a lot. I tried most of them and the feeling I get in the room is all the same but different smell. Ice room of course was very refreshing and relaxing. 90% of the rooms are all sleeping on the mat and steaming. It gets boring sometimes. Each sauna room can only accommodate about 8 people. I agree the floor plans are a bit confusing. But overall, the result shows. Your face glows, you actually feel very sleepy and your whole body is relax and calm. -1 stars for being so crowded and a couple of their sauna was closed.
i've been here twice- once in august and once yesterday. both visits left me feeling deeply relaxed and i had a fabulous sleep last night the body scrub and massage.. it's amazing how exhausted this makes you, but it's good exhausted so you go into the sauna rooms feeling super relaxed. then when you get too hot you can chill in one of the many recliners and have the best nap of your life i also got the foot massage, which was great the food is not so great, we think it's just ramen and frozen food we ended up spending 300 for the two of us, so it's on the expensive side if you do all the fun things
I had heard this place through a friend who had tried it out and highly recommended it. I am big on spas, I drive 2.5 hours from NYC to go to a spa that I frequent every 3-4 weeks. Before going I had logged into yelp to read reviews so I don't look and act like an alien at the facility. I took the day off from work and decided to try it out.. I arrived there 11am in the morning. Not much parking in the area but they have valet. I parked a block away (did not valet) and walked in.  The front desk is rather small, two receptionists only. Nobody is very talkative but they did speak English well enough to explain me that if I go out to the valet guy he has a $10 coupon so I went back out and got the coupon and came back in. I booked a dry massage for 50 mins later and went to lockers. Shoes and sandals are not permitted beyond the lockers. You are given a uniform which in plain English is a pair of very baggy shorts and tshirts. I quickly changed and my adventure started . I walked up and down the facility feeling like Dora the Explorer..  Basically there are three floors , different saunas, even a 200 degree inferno that you can only last five minutes and staff periodically comes in to make sure you are not charred. My dry massage was excellent the girl knew what she was doing. Having  spent a lot of  money for deep tissue massages I can easily say for half the price I got much better treatment and at the end she cracked my neck like an nut in a nutcracker (in a good way). In common areas you wear your uniform. In the saunas, you are showing off all your jewelry..  After my dry massage, in and out of different rooms, and having some fruit and juices, i headed downstairs back to the wet sauna where they have the steam room and hot and cold jacuzzis. I popped in and out of all of them. Not really in any particular order but just whatever I wanted to. Then i dried myself up, put my uniform and wandered around like a vagabond trying to understand the jist of the place. It boils down to the fact that there are just too many rooms and saunas. Everybody in the reviews mentioned the concept of walking around nude. Personally if you block it in your head, it's fine. The bottom line is nobody cares  and everybody is in their own bliss. I am European and i think it's much more accepted and normal there then in the States. The second you settle in, you don't even realize you are butt naked. You just go with the flow and undressed becomes the norm. After spending about four hours between different rooms ( may favorite was bouncing between the ice room after the inferno) I decided to get a wet scrub. You can either get it as is or add a wet massage to it which extends it another hour but price is almost double with tip. Oh boy if you don't know what a scrub is, you will find out the hard way. I had a big big Korean lady who scrubbed me inside out for 30 minutes. The amount of dead skin peeling out of your body is unreal. After the scrub, you get a facial with cucumbers while your body is being tugged and stretched and pulled in every direction with baby oil.. The wet scrub is even better than the dry. I'm glad I tried both so next time I know what to pick. I ended up staying for 7 hours and I will definitely make it my business to go there at least once  a month. It made me feel great, treatments were amazing.  Customer service is nothing great. But who cares? Don't expect therapists like in dental offices with pretty smiles in their pretty scrubs. Therapists are raw, choppy and barely speak English but  it was the best I ever  had, I'll take them over any fancy place. There is no interaction, they just go on about their thing and you are in their hands like play-dough. Lastly they are 24 hours open and have a free shuttle that goes back and  forth between NY and the facility. Try it. You will feel like a queen/king at Kings...
First time ever to a place like this. I had a great time. I felt very comfortable and fully de-stressed by the time i left. It's a huge place with tons of places to investigate. The staff is very nice and the food is very good. Remember, don't wear shoes anywhere inside the building...you will get told to take them off. Great place and lots of fun.
Had a good first experience at King Spa! Rode the 11AM shuttle from flushing to the spa and it was very empty when we arrived, which is a plus as we did not have to wait in any lines or be overwhelmed by crowds. Food court food was great, and was very impressed with the way the entire place is ran and maintained. Groupon deal made it extra good!
I was there last Friday evening, spent overnight and left on Saturday early afternoon. Here is my quick review. PROS: - facility, environment, service in general: met expectation - The place is clean and organized. I visited the Flushing location before, so I am not a first timer for such style of spa. - Shuttle service is a nice feature CONS: - When I was checking out, the cashier calculated very fast, no breakdown of the bill was given. She forced on me to pay a tip of $25 for the combined services of SCRUB + WET MASSAGE(total $80). I absolutely don't agree with the policy that the tip should be decided by them. It's much more than 20% as a widely accepted range of tip. I get massage in Manhattan regularly and I never had to pay that kind of percentage. She did it so fast that I couldn't even think it twice that my credit card was already swiped at the time I had to rush for the shuttle. It's not fair to decide how much I must tip. I should be able to decide and if the service was superb, I don't mind to give a big tip to the massage lady directly myself! This should be brought to the management's attention and as well that of general public who are planning to try the place. Thank you and good luck to you all!
A few years ago, I would have wholeheartedly advocated King Spa with a glowing five star review. Now it only deserves three stars in my eyes and I'll tell you why. The past couple times I've been to King Spa, I came home with itchy, red rashes on my skin that would last for days. I figured it might just be an allergic reaction to the soap they use or maybe the sudden change in moisture in the hot tub room so I avoided coming back. I've had nothing but pleasant experiences with this place up until that string of rashes but I couldn't shake the suspicion that it wasn't just me. I went back last Saturday to meet up with a few friends and I witnessed something that confirmed my suspicions. I was in the restroom taking a leak and as I was finishing washing my hands, I saw a very hairy dude walk out of the toilet stall and straight to the baths. No biggie, right? You can wash up at the showers in the sauna room anyway. Nope. This guy went STRAIGHT for the hot tub without bothering to wash up first. No one in that tub seemed to have a problem with it, and from the amount of talking they were doing, it looked like they were friends. I think it's safe to assume that they were also bereft of any conviction to clean themselves before setting into a hot tub. I didn't get into a hot tub once that day and guess what? I went home with no rashes, for the first time in two years. Thinking back now, I can't imagine how much feces, urine, and sweat I've been contaminated by in my past few visits. Thank God I never submerged my head. Look, it's great that this place is getting popular through Groupon and word of mouth is bringing in a large clientele other than Koreans. I love seeing diversity in traditionally ethnic enclaves and that includes seeing non-Korean patrons in Korean places. How awesome is it that you can find people of all races in Irish bars, Creole soul food restaurants, and Turkish hookah lounges? Korean saunas should be the same! Come one, come all! But many of the new customers have none of the decorum or responsibility that's expected in any Korean establishment. It's understandable that a lot of people new to saunas wouldn't know the importance of washing. What's absolutely unacceptable is that no workers are around to monitor these people. The first warning should be followed by an explanation of why personal hygiene is important. This isn't about you being clean. It's about the health of everyone in the establishment. There should be zero tolerance for any selfish individuals who think they're entitled to enter a PUBLIC hot tub without a thorough scrub down. If you want to be a slob, do it in the privacy of your own home, not in a shared bathhouse. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem like a problem that can easily be solved. It's uncomfortable to be stared at while you're washing your junk and I think the workers will be too timid to call out people who take quick, cursory showers before jumping in. On that same day, I've seen guys who literally just rinsed themselves in the shower for a couple seconds before dipping into a hot tub, no soap or anything. This place has a couple other enjoyable amenities that come included with your price of entry: lots different steam rooms, Internet access, big Lazy Boy chairs, chess sets, and big screen TVs. There's also a decent restaurant (the sauna-baked eggs are out of this world), massage parlors, and even a barbershop if you're willing to shell out some extra cash. But the hot tubs were always the main draw for me, and now I can't ever go into one again unless I want to be soaking next to a guy who still has clumps of last night's dinner clinging to his butt fur. Asking me to pay $40 bucks for a hot shower and a nice place to sleep is a steep request. Because of the Dingleberry Brigade storming the hot tubs, this place is two stars if you pay full price admission, but if you can snag some Groupon tickets for $20 bucks, it's still a solid three. King Spa, please find a better way to educate and, if necessary, remove the dirty customers. You may be scared of alienating new customers but you're already losing old ones who have no desire to sit in a septic tank for $40 bucks.
Well I've been to King Sauna a few times, and the service is terrible.  On the weekends, its so packed I had to stand on line just so I could take a shower.  I was literally naked, freezing just to get into the shower room.  Also, the workers weren't really nice when I asked for directions.  There are too many people here, and its so hectic, when all I wanted was a spa day.  Personally, I recently when to the Rodeo Sauna at the Rodeo building on Broad Avenue, and they have similar facilities with so much more peacefulness.  Although the size doesn't compare, they have such nice people and the price is really nice too...the massages are amazing as well.
So I'm writing this review as a guy for any other guys out there who may be freaked out by some of the other reviews here.  (yeah, it's kinda long) This was the first time I've ever gone someplace like this.  I was invited by two female friends who had been before, and told me all about it, but being such a new thing I decided to check out the Yelp reviews before committing to going. For whatever reason, so many of the reviews here seem to obsess over nudity.  Many of the other reviews here also gave me the impression that I would be mostly segregated from my lady friends, and that a day of SOCIAL relaxation wouldn't really be in store... Well, let me just say, I'm glad I ultimately decided not to be psyched out by the reviews and to just listen to my friends.  We all had an awesome time together! So obviously there are separate areas for men and women.  The good news is you can spend as much or as little time in those areas as you want.  And if you're not comfortable traipsing around naked with members of the same sex, you'll be fine too, it just means there's a few things you won't be able to enjoy. Most of this place is co-ed and there's plenty to enjoy.  Various kinds of hot, steamy rooms, lots of areas to chill out and relax, it was a great time.  I felt so good and cleansed by the end! I didn't partake in any of the extra services this time, but hope to on my next visit.  After checking in, my friends and I changed in our respective areas.  As I entered the men's area, yes *gasp!* there were fully naked men walking around.  If you can't handle that sort of thing, then this isn't for you, but then I imagine you've got your own bigger issues to deal with...  Anyway, you pick up your little outfit, go to your locker, and get changed.  The lockers are out in the open so if you're not comfortable changing in front of other people, this again isn't for you.  But guess what, nobody gives a shit, so get yourself changed!  Anyway, once dressed I went out to the common area and met my friends.  I also saw the jacuzzis and showers of the men's area and made a note to come back to those later. Once together, my friends and I enjoyed all the included amenities.  We tried all of the different types of rooms and spent a lot of time horizontally relaxing in sweaty steamy bliss.  At one point one of my friends spent some time at the complimentary computers while I fell asleep on an insanely comfortable lounge chair in front of a huge TV playing The Simpsons.  At some point we got dinner.  They've got a great menu of Korean food and you get a ton for the money.  It wasn't the best Korean food I've ever had but it was certainly delicious.  I couldn't finish it and they don't have doggy bags... next time I'm bringing tupperware from home! After enjoying our hours together, we parted ways to go enjoy the single-sex areas before ending our day.  I returned to the locker room, and like ripping off a band-aid, put my clothes in the locker and embraced the weirdness of walking around completely nude with a bunch of strangers.  I hit the showers with my trusty bar of soap I brought from home.  Like other posters have said, they do have bars of soap you can use, but that's obviously gross.  The hairs on the communal bar in my shower stall confirmed this.  The other toiletries are totally fine though- They've got individually wrapped toothbrushes and razors and plenty of shampoo and conditioner and shaving cream etc. and when you're done they've got plenty of Q-tips and mouth wash and hair gel and hair dryers and aftershave and lotions etc. It's pretty great. After showering I hit one of the jacuzzis.  Yes I was sitting in a hot bath with another man for 15 minutes... cross that one off my bucket list!  Then I hit the steam room, which was by far the most intense thing of the day.  I don't know how long I spent in there, it felt like an eternity but was probably only 5 minutes.  I went right from there into the cold bath which was awesomely refreshing and felt so good after a hot sweaty day.  (earlier I had been in the ice room, which also offers an awesome little break, but I couldn't stay in there nearly as long as I could in the cold water!)  Another quick shower to rinse off and then it was time to end my day.  Real clothes back on, met my friends back downstairs, check out and off we went. It was a great time and I totally recommend it.  If you're weird about being naked around strangers, you can still enjoy all of the common areas they have to offer.  If you want to enjoy the single sex areas, get over your nudity weirdness.  There's no real "cover" so-to-speak, besides the toilet stalls in the bathroom.  Even the shower stalls aren't really anything, just glass dividers between showers but your ass is still hanging out for everyone to not-see (they don't give a shit!) so consider yourself warned. (Though admittedly I would have had a tough time spending naked-time here with a guy friend, haha)  Otherwise, enjoy!
Pretty clean spa...had a scrub which was good but left me a little bruised up.  Other than that...give this place 4 stars.  Separate mens and womens floors with middle floor that's co-op.  Some food stuff to eat if hungry...no time limit for spa!
While I love the saunas and facilities I am disappointed with the deteriorating service here. On the King Sauna website it states that the last shuttle to arrive on a Saturday night is at 11:00 pm. I was the only person who showed up and the driver grumbled at me through the entire ride as if it were my fault that only I and not 10 people showed up. I practically had to demand a shuttle ticket from him to give to the front desk. If he doesn't want to make the 11 pm trip to Manhattan then they should remove that time slot from the King Sauna website. Next, the manager at the food counter at the second floor copped a really bad attitude with everyone. He is haranguing the service staff as I write this. He scolded me for not picking up my juice after he called my number, but why hand me a paging device to alert me when food is ready? The straw that broke the camel's back was when he got into a shouting match with a customer who wanted beer. Although I commend King Sauna for keeping this place alcohol-free and family-friendly, it is not family-friendly to scream "F--- you!" repeatedly at an angry customer. The restaurant manager then turned to scream at the next customer "What did you want!?" The poor guy was just politely waiting in line to place an order. Some customers may be jerks but it is no excuse to management to verbally abuse everyone! I'm disappointed with the service and bad behavior from the staff here and will limit my visits in the future. It's too bad, I think my girlfriends might have enjoyed this place.
For some reason, more than half the staff speaks very little to no English.  The ones that doSpa Castle are rude and don't seem to know what they're doing.   They can't take proper food orders nor can they calculate the costs even with their cash register!  I ordered one order of bulgogi - they gave me three orders of them.  When I said that I only ordered one, they insisted that I ordered three.  When I asked for an extra side of rice, they said they don't do that.  I said that I was willing to pay extra for it but they refused to accommodate me.  Seriously?  For a side of rice?  If you want an extra towel because your towel is all wet, you would have to pay for it.  When I went into the jacuzzi spa, I took off my uniform and put it in the cubby locker that was assigned to me.  When I went to get my uniform back, it was gone.  I mentioned this to them and asked for another one.  They charged me extra for it.   The food and drink selection was very limited unlike the one at Spa Castle which they had an assortment of different food & types of drinks.  King Spa didn't even have a pool for their guests.  Spa Castle in Queens did and several at that!   At the end of my disappointing stay at this lowly King Spa,  I went to the cash register to pay for my costs.  They had difficulty calculating how much I spent.  I spent about 15 minutes trying to explain to them what was what and they still had issues.   Spa Castle in Queens off the Whitestone bridge  is way better than this one.  They had more pools, jacuzzis, food & drink selection AND their staff speaks english and are NICE!  I went to Kings Spa for what I thought would be a stress free and relaxing day.  Instead, I left feeling stressed out, irritated and cursing under my breath at the people who worked there!
I'm going to tell you the whole story. Pop some popcorn, have a seat. Despite being a waegukin (read: white chick), I have been to Korean saunas many times. Here in DC, I go to Spa World about five times a year, and I've also been to Juvenex in NYC, though that one is tiny. On my recent trip to NYC I had a decision to make between King Sauna and Spa Castle, and I decided on this one because it has a reputation for being more authentic-- no swimsuits. I devoted a whole day of my two-day trip to this experience, and showed up at the shuttle pickup spot in Manhattan an hour ahead of the 9:30 AM pickup time. It was a Monday. As the hour approached, a couple other people showed up: a shy young Korean woman (around 20-22) and a gregarious Korean man (53, as I found out later). Once the bus was ten minutes late, the guy used the girl's phone to call them and demand to know where the shuttle was. Long story short, he ended up talking to/yelling at them three times-- all in Korean-- and finally announced to me, "Come on, they said they'd pay for a taxi to take us there. Follow me." I'm a 37-year-old mom of four from the suburbs. I have a college degree and two teenagers whom I harp on about safety. Thankfully, none of this prevented me from getting in a hired car with these two strangers and the Korean driver and hightailing it to New Jersey. With ALL my stuff, I might add, since I'd be going straight to Penn Station after my spa day-- laptop, clothes, fancy camera, you name it. As we drove along the guy asked me where I was from, and I said DC. The guy and the driver then resumed their conversation in Korean, and I began hearing the words "Chesapeake" and "Jamestown" interspersed into their sentences. I texted my husband and let him know where they might want to look for my body. About half an hour later we arrived at the spa. Suddenly the staff seemed very unhappy with this deal they had supposedly struck with my buddy, and about five minutes of energetic arguing ensued in Korean. At last someone at the desk handed him a pile of money with great annoyance, and he went off to pay the driver, and I paid my entrance fee. So all of that is to say, beware the wiles of the shuttle service. You may want to find yourself a confident Korean businessman to handle the situation in the event they don't show up. Here are my overall impressions of King Sauna itself: - The sauna facilities are excellent, though a couple are repetitive. There are two Mineral Salt igloos and two Mud ones (sadly, the mud is on the walls, not in the form of a fun mud bath). But the Amethyst, Gold Pyramid, and Cold ones are unique and very nicely designed. The Infrared one is wonderful-- cooler than the others, with a fake fireplace inside-- just like cuddling up by the coziest hearth you can imagine. I have read reviews where people complain that they are all basically the same, just with different surroundings, and to that I say, WHO CARES. The different rooms keep things interesting as you sweat out the city filth from your pores. There are baskets and large teabags of mugwort (or something) in almost all of them, and I liked that. Interesting, distinctive smell. - Unlike at Spa World, where the saunas are unisex, at King Sauna they're single-sex (or at least appear to be). If you come here with someone of the opposite sex, call ahead and make sure you will be able to hang out with them for SOME amount of time. - The water areas are similar to a Roman bath. I am used to Spa World, which has a huge "bade pool" with tons of different jacuzzi jets, and smaller pools and steam/dry saunas all around it. That is not how King Sauna works at all. At this place, in the women's area, there are NO JETTED TUBS. Instead there is one tepid-warm tub, one tepid-cool tub, one cold tub, one gorgeous ice-cold tub with a rainfall shower dispensing frigid water, and one tub that is so hot that I felt I was being prepared for canning. Let me tell you, I am a hot water junkie; the main reason I could never go on "Survivor" is not because I wouldn't eat bugs, but because I wouldn't give up my hot showers. And this tub was too hot for ME. I mean seriously, that's some hot hotness. - Water areas are, of course, naked. Again a comparison with Spa World: there are plenty of "foreigners" at my home spa-- lots of white people and black people, people of all shapes and sizes, tattoos on display everywhere. Not quite so at King Sauna, at least not the day I was there. It was about 85% Korean, which meant I had more ink and more body fat than the vast majority of naked bathers. *I* didn't care, but if you're a self-conscious person, heads up. - Beautiful decor, lots of game tables with games awaiting, and space to just hang out. Super relaxing environment, but confusing floor plan (prob due to additions over time). - Shuttle trip back was smooth/uneventful. ~30 mins back to Manhattan. I'm out of characters, so that's gotta be it. Enjoy!
today was my first time going and i absolutely loved it. i went in for a body scrub and will be going back atleast once a month to keep it up since no other treatment has ever left my skin so smooth. i only stayed a couple of hours so i didn't get to try the different saunas but i enjoyed the womens spa very much and i got to relax in the whirlpools and steam room after i showered. it was also the first time i tried korean food. i wasn't crazy about the food itself because it's just not what im used to eating, although it didn't taste bad. i did try a pineapple smoothie and it was amazing. if you get the ice and bean dessert keep in mind it's big and you can share it with a friend. also at their restaurant i found coupons for $15 off the admission price so i took a few for future visits and friends. the lady at the desk was nice enough to tell me to get one of those coupons from the parking attendant when i got there so i could save some money on the admission. it isn't necessary to have the valet park your car, i was able to park myself right across the street and saved myself from having to tip the valet. i will definitely recommend this spa to my friends and family!
Okay so I've been a Korean spa before (hi Spa Castle!) and wanted to try this one out and so convinced two of my friends that we should have a relaxing day. I took the shuttle from Flushing which is absolutely free and after a 30 minute ride you are there. Zippy no? The place itself is smaller than Spa Castle but less noisy because NO KIDS under 10. Thank goodness!! Plus they have a noise policy because we got shh'd at. The hot tubs in the nude area are awesome. If you ain't comfortable with nudity well then you can just go to the saunas but you still have to shower.I recommend you bring your own soap because everyone else might use the communal ones The layout is a bit confusing at first but you get used to it after you've been there for a few hours. Food was fairly priced and all Korean. The bulgoki was quite good and a healthy portion. Also had patbingso which is basically shaved ice with fruit and beans. Overall, great experience and will definitely come back to try out the body scrub and check out the super hot sauna (due to it being under maintenance). Gotta get those darn eggs!
i've never been to any other korean saunas so that's why i'm giving this place only 4 stars (although i LOVE it). i used to be really squeamish about the whole getting-naked-in-front-of-everyone thing. but the payoff is totally worth it. first of all, you're fully naked only in the "spa" area (showers, hot tubs, steam sauna and where they exfoliate/massage). the rest of the place, you wear shorts and a shirt. the women who work there are no joke. they are the strongest people i know. they'll scrub you till your entire body is raw (but man, you skin is SO baby soft afterwards). and the massages aren't like the ones in the american spas. it's a good beat down. and i know people complain about the mandatory tipping, but these women do work really hard and it's a difficult and unglamorous job. NOTHING is more relaxing than hanging out at king sauna. i told my husband that going to king sauna can be my mother's day and bday gifts from now on!
It is a good thing that they have valet parking so need to worry about parking. Just be aware the guy seems to be unfriendly.   It was our ( girl friend) first time and very happy about the experience.  I enjoyed different sauna but highly recommend if it is also your first time better check king spa's website so you know the benefits of each sauna for your body ( since the place does not have brochures to give). Women, if you are going to spa area please be prepared to be naked. Overall,  the place is very relaxing and 5 hours there won't be enough.
My review is mainly influenced by the bad communication and customer service I experienced. First of all, my husband and I wanted to take the shuttle there. I was so nervous about missing the shuttle, I called twice to make sure I understood where the shuttle was picking people up. The person on the phone said "In front of Hanyang mart" and so my husband and I waited exactly there. I then discovered after waiting an inordinately long time, that the shuttle had picked up at the corner in front of Shinhan bank (not in front of the mart as previously stated), and we had totally missed it! After repeatedly calling the spa to find out what happened, and being given the driver's cell number to call, I gave up since many of the individuals I talked to could not speak English clearly and I was hung up on a couple times as well. Definitely not a good start to a "relaxing day at the spa." Thankfully, we had a car and drove into NJ (it's actually not too far, only 20 minutes from Flushing). When we arrived, no one explained what to do when we got there. I walked into the women's locker room, confused, when my friend saw me and told me to go back out to pick up my bundle of towels, uniform and toothbrush. Afterwards I was able to relax and just figure stuff out on my own. I don't think I'll be returning, especially since Spa Castle in Queens has more to offer and better customer service.
I love King Spa! I had been here once before a few years ago with my girlfriends and had a lovely and relaxing time so when we saw a Groupon deal, we jumped on it! We got the $40 for 2 admission deal, which is such a steal since normal admission is $45. Yay, just means more money for food at their fabulous restaurant! BTW, you can get a $12 e-coupon on their website normally. We went on 3/15/14 and caught the free shuttle in Ktown at 10:30. There was a huge line by 10:15 so they had two vans to bring everyone there. The ride only took 25 minutes! The ride is only free if you use the service roundtrip so make sure you get a voucher for the ride back! Once we were all checked in and changed, we spent the next few hours baking in the various saunas and chit-chatting. For a Saturday, I didn't find it too packed. There was always empty spots wherever we went. I found everything to be clean and well-maintained, too. Anyway, tt was so nice to lounge around in our extra large comfy uniforms, sweating and catching up, hha. Plus, being disconnected from my phone was a really refreshing change. I need to put that damn thing down more often! We grabbed lunch at their restaurant around 12:30. Charged it to the locker key/bracelet they give you. Such a dangerous thing, charging everything you want blindly, hha. Anyway, they were sold out of bibimbap (noo!!) so we split their bulgolgi instead. Super yummy, and definitely enough for the both of us. We wanted to have their redbean shaved ice and rice drinks later, so we didn't want to be too stuffed. We spent another hour or so sauna hopping before my girlfriend went to get her scrub+massage. She loved it the first time around and said she just had to get it again! So while she was doing that, I layed around in the comfy lounge chairs and was so toasty and relaxed that I passed out!  Once we reconnected, we grabbed the shaved ice and rice drinks, which were SO REFRESHING and delicious as we were quite parched and drained from sweating. We then decided to call it a day and caught the 5pm shuttle back :) Overall, had an amazing time once again and would definitely come back. I'd even come alone! It felt so nice to be "disconnected" from the world for a bit.
KING SPA, Palisades Park:   Late afternoon, yesterday, spent a few hours here, endured a painful, but renewing massage, as my masseuse, Mr. Hong, insured that he tended to ALL the knots in neck, and throughout my body! This hour long massage, was preceded by a cleansing shower, and a soak in each a hot, a boiling hot, a cold spa, and then, the steam room. After the massage, I enjoyed many fresh scented, mineral saunas, a VERY hot Salt sauna, and then finishing up in a ice cold sauna room.  Most of the rooms, replicate, old world, traditional Korean hot huts, and one stone salt 200 degree hot, kiln like hut, called a Bulhanjeungmok, is impressive. I became totally relaxed, and a tad, light headed, so, I easily welcomed a short nap, in a comfy reclining lounge chair Nap, was awakened by a munchies alert, a stomach growl, ahhh... A delicious Korean pumpkin porridge, plus veggie side dishes in the on-site restaurant, sure satisfied!
(Warning nudity to follow) Although I am not a spa connoisseur, every year for my birthday my sisters whisk me away to some relaxing oasis, where we spend the day being pampered, then once we leave we go out to dinner and cocktails. Visted KS this past Saturday, we arrived at 3PM. Upon walking in the lobby we were surprised at the chaos for the registration process. The lobby was packed, you are given a number, no explanation and asked to stand to the side (where its packed everywhere). Once inside, we had no idea where to go or what to do. After booking our massages, we went off exploring. what we found was different areas with recliners setup for "group" naps. Table game areas where people sat down to play games and Igloos with different degrees of dry heat at about 8' feet in diameter completely crowded with people. We ended up trying all of them, but feeling rushed through the process, no relaxation at all and wondering how "sanitized" the place is. Not sure if it was because of how crowded the place was, but there was an overall feeling of "griminess". Not sure why I would leave home to nap on a public recliner or play board games.. It is now 6 PM, we couldn't think of anything else to do, we decided to go scope out the massage area and go in the steam room earlier then scheduled. When we arrived in the "Women's Spa" the look on my very conservative sister's face was absolutely priceless "We have walked into strip club!" she exclaimed (she has obviously never been to a strip club, reminded me of the time I tried watching Salo, but stopped 5 mins in). The women's only spa area was just as crowded as upstairs in the co-ed area, except here everyone was 100% naked. I don't have a problem with nudity, but walking into it unexpectedly takes a minute to get accustomed to. We decided to ignore the "no clothing sign" and walk into the area where the massages take place. When you first walk in and you see multiple pools, all with naked women bathing. To the left open showers, with yes women showering, then straight ahead, a wall of hoses at about waist level, with little stools, with yes, women washing themselves, then past that half wall, is a line of what looks like pink operating tables, staff members in their underwear giving customers the "Wet Scrub and Massage". For the massage, I was expecting a regular massage, with maybe some honey sugar scrub, towel covering all the "private areas"  WRONG! Just a word of warning, if you are modest this will probably not be for you. You are completely naked out in the open and there is not one area that is missed, or limb that is not raised, twisted or bent, to allow access to other areas. Just imagine a Brazilian wax, but in an open room with other people walking around. After seeing what the process was, I figure oh well, we are here already. Back at the locker I started stripping out of the uniform, my sister still gripping her little towel said "Oh, ok, so we are doing this" almost as of convincing herself to move forward with it. We went into the steam room, which was running at max speed (I guess its why it as the only place here that was actually empty). We were only able to stay in for a few minutes before coming out for air. After mass confusion about our massages, we were finally called one at a time. The scrub is really "thick sand paper" like gloves that peel off layers of your skin. IT IS PAINFUL, when I thought I could not take it anymore, and was hoping we were almost done, I heard someone else say the time and it was only 7PM, which means it had only been 10 minutes because I was called last and my masseuse was late!! My masseuse did not speak English, each time she took the bucket of water and splashed it over me, I was never expecting it, and was always startling. I figured I would stick through it, hoping the massage would make it worth it. The massage was not at all what I expected, it was more like taking a beating, at one point my neck started hurting so much, that I got a headache, thank god it was the end, I really needed a massage after "this" and was looking forward to my foot massage instead. PS.  the mandatory tip for the wet scrub massage is $25. I feel that despite not really enjoying the service, $25 does not even cover the amount of work and strength these ladies put into this service, they truly deserve that and more. I get to the foot massage area and was told, I am 15 minutes late and I missed my foot massage. So... I explained my masseuse for the other massage was late, to no avail. I felt exhausted at that point and just wanted to get out of there. My companions wanted out as well. Back in the locker room, two other ladies who I had spoken to when we first arrived, were in a rush to get out "I will never, ever be back" she said as she rushed to get dressed and out.... My sentiments exactly. Next day... Body still achy from the massage, but my skin glows and feels smooth like never before. Awesome. Not going back.
This is one of the better Korean Spas I've been to but not my favorite. I went on a weekday around 11 am, so it was quiet. I imagine on a weekend it becomes more of a zoo. The scrub was a B+. The different sauna rooms were all very good. The place is HUGE, so that was great. It seemed pretty clean to me, with some places seeming a little cleaner than others. Valet parking across the street was excellent and my stuff inside the trunk was safe. I will definitely return to this spa whenever I'm in the area!
This is a cool place. Kind of expensive though, but you can get coupons off the website or Groupon, then it's not so bad. You walk in and pay, then they give you the keys to a locker. Put your stuff away and change into one of the provided uniforms. The locker room is kinda like a YMCA, the guys just like to walk around butt naked. The communal baths are nude too. Personally, it weirds me out a bit so I got changed and went to the sauna areas quick. The saunas were cool. The signs outside each one tell you the differences and such. They also had sitting areas and computers for use. Chessboards are scattered too. A lot of people were sleeping since I was there late. The place is open 24 hours and you can stay overnight for an extra fee. The two most interesting saunas were the ice room and the ridiculously hot room. The ice room was like sitting in a refrigerator, wish it was a little colder. The ridiculously hot room was ridiculously hot. The sign said it was 200 Celsius in there (400 Fahrenheit). I stayed in that room as long as I could because I thought the idea of being in a room literally as hot as an oven was hilarious. They even sell eggs that cook in there. I suggest not going into the ice sauna after being in there cuz the sweat just starts evaporating off you and it's kinda gross but also amusing lol They also offer other services such as massages, scrubs, food, and haircuts for additional fees.
Since my last visit here, I've been actively thinking when I will have the time to dedicate a whole day to do it all again.  I can't say I have ever experienced anything like this.  Felt like I was transported to some surreal planet where everyone is dressed the same so they start to look the same and things operate on quite another level than what you're normally used to.  Usually, that sort of thing would freak me the hell out....but I ended up loving everything about it.   Other reviewers get into all the details so I'll try to be brief: The place is clean.  REALLY clean.  Everyone walks around barefoot.  You can wear socks if you'd like but barefoot is way more relaxing.  Bring a bathing suit to wear under the t-shirt and shorts they provide you with.  To use the whirlpool, steam room and jacuzzi you need to be comfortable with nudity.  You can only use those facilities after you shower and need to enter the water nude. Women have their own shower and whirlpool area.  Men have a separate area. The rest of the spa is co-ed.  That's where the saunas are located, the food court, computer stations, rooms with giant mattress-sized chairs to sit in the dark and watch TV or wait for your face-mask to absorb.   The saunas have different minerals and elements and heat levels and I tried just about all of them.  Water is a must and there are little water cooler stations next to most of the saunas. Inside the small huts there are usually bags of herbs hanging from the ceiling to fill the tiny space with the most delicious aroma as you sweat head to toe and try to get used to breathing in a room that is over 200 degrees.  I also liked the ice room, sort of an igloo with seating.  Nice to cool off in.   As for food I definitely had to try the smoked eggs - they actually steam them in the saunas and it's a great little boost of protein.  Another must after heating up most of the day is patbingsu, a shaved ice dessert with fruit and sweetened beans.  Yum!  I also had the bibimbap and a fresh squeezed carrot juice.  I could have easily put away more food but the heat makes you want to drink more than eat.   I also love that you don't have to have any belongings on you (I did bring my phone to capture some pics) and you pay for everything you order while inside by having the bracelet they give you upon checking in scanned for every item you purchase.  You just take care of the bill when you check out.  Be careful, it's too easy to just order up a ton of things in the cafeteria by scanning your bracelet and not realizing how much it all adds up in the end.  That said, the cost of entry and the cost of food and drink while inside was worth the experience of a whole day  relaxing.  And sweating. And eating.  And sweating, relaxing again.  Best to come early and stay until you can't take the heat anymore. Can't wait to go back soon as I went in on a couple of tickets a group of us bought in bulk.  King Spa is often on groupon and you can snag discount tickets there as well. Don't forget to ask for coupons at the desk.  They are more than willing to hand out $10 off entry coupons if you just ask.
So you are not Spa Castle....learn from them. They have upped their customer service game to cater to  non-Koreans as well. Ventured out on a Groupon deal to NJ but met with a rude Ahjumma in the woman's' section. So I have shoulder length hair, must the Ahjumma shriek for me to get out?! Finally I left and came back with my hair wrapped in a towel. No, this was still not enough....Only after a final yell did she offer a rubber band for my hair. My goal was to get in that tub...why were the Korean woman with much longer hair allowed to linger?
I have been here about 4 times now.  The first time was the best experience. Peaceful, clean and not too crowded.  Unfortunately, each experience just gets worse.  The staff is either really nice or really rude.  Especially rude in the dining room.  The system is not working btw.  We waited for our food for about 50 minutes.  20 minutes into the wait, we noticed that people who had ordered after us had gotten their food.  So we kindly ask the male cashier who had the stinky don't bother me look to check on our ticket, he of course looks at our ticket and doesn't say a peep.  Ok... then 10 minutes later there was a cashier shift change, We ask Sue Kim to check on our ticket and her response was "We are very Busy".  So then 10 minutes past and more people who order after us, got their food.  We ask her nicely again if she can  please check, she finally actually checked and notice our ticket was next and was just being covered by other tickets.  Of course no apologies, and our food came out 10 minutes after. Don't order the No taste Beep Bim Bop or Dry Bugolgi.  The only thing that was good was the Spicy Pork.  It was flavorful and delicious.  The Sickhae which is Korean Rice Drink and Potbingsoo which is Crushed Ice with Condensed Milk, Red Bean and Fruit Cocktail are pretty good and refreshing. Not enough staff for the amount of people they allow in for up-keep.
Came here with a few friends. I've been to this location before as well as a location in Dallas although the one here is definitely smaller and more expensive. We came on the first bus over from KTown on a Saturday morning and stayed until the afternoon. It was never too crowded although we had to wait a little for some of the smaller rooms. The food was fine and typical korean food and everything tasted fine including their eggs that were baked in one of the really hot rooms. There were no problems when I went and the service seemed fine although I didn't order any extra massages or anything. There were quite a few rooms and we even fell asleep in some of those although we weren't sure if that was good for us or not....the people there were pretty well mannered and no one was too loud or rude.
After days of seriously needing to get out of the city and have a massage at the same time, I decided to jump on the free shuttle bus to King Spa. The process was a bit disorganized with people standing in no particular order to get a seat on one of two vans. The ride was however quick and lackluster. Upon arrival it was very unclear about how the process worked, a woman demanded my ID then ushered me to go get a uniform. I was like what are you talking about...why do you need my ID and what uniform. Then, in the locker room, I had to ask random naked women about how the place, process etc worked. (Later on I found out from a woman that you can ask for a tour if it's your first time there..and so I did; that was helpful). I went to a small desk where a Korean woman was standing and asked to schedule a massage. She asked, 'dry or wet?' and I was like what? Unfortuntely, she was not able to adequately communicate the difference to me and since the dry massage was available immediately and the wet one not for another 2 hours, I took to the dry one..given the massage was my main reason for a trip over the river/bridge. My massage was mixed; effective in some areas but incredibly uncomfortable. The entire massage was done with a sheet on top. No skin contact, which I found odd. Also, the guy who gave me my massage, was only using one hand and drinking water with the other one, smacking water in some odd way and clearing his throat. Anyone who knows anything about massages knows that you are supposed to always and at all times keep two hands on the client. Afterwards, he was like thanks...tip? This was rude, given that they told us to keep all of our things in our lockers and gave us a electronic bracelet that tallied all of our purchases. Now, listen..I saw no clock in the room and wondered if it was even an hour long massage. Then, the suggested tip was written as $20. Warning: Their website says that massages are 60. Upon arrival, the sign says 65+tax+tip with 20 being the suggested tip. Tips are not required and only recommended in the US. So, they were demanding money in the upward fashion of 30% tip. Unheard of and not worth it. They did not earn such a high tip by any stretch of the imagination. The water areas and saunas were okay. I tried the amethyst sauna and the infraread one for your feet. Some people were sleeping in the infraread room that said 20 minute limit and they stayed much longer. In quiet areas, there were people snoring, talking and laughing. Very irritating and not relaxing at all. The water area was ok but I seriously worried about catching diseases (herpes, hpv etc). A girl came and sat way to close to me in the steam room so she could sit next to her friends although there was a significant amount of room available across the room. No respect and to be naked and sweating profusely and have people practically touching me - poor boundaries and space violations. GROSS. Tips: If you go, buy the Groupon half price voucher for admission. But beware, they charged me twice. I will be getting my refund asap!!! Make sure you get in line at least 30 minutes before the bus back to Manhattan leaves. Drinking allowed, but no eating. Some people really had an odd smell and were a little too close for comfort. But, good luck. Overall, I enjoyed this circus of an experience.
I love this place! Reminds me of Korea. The prices have gone up a lot but i'm still a fan! One thing I hate though is the guy who does valet parking. He's the real skinny tall guy? He is so rude every time I go there and always begs for a tip even when he's a total asshole. Please hire nicer valet parkers. He always drives my car so roughly. I understand that BMW's are fun to drive but seriously, you're burning my car out. Thank you.
I like king spa a lot. Some who aren't use to the Korean culture might find the front desk or kitchen ppl a bit rude, but it's really the way it is. Any type of Korean spa castle you go will be the exact same way. I just like the fact that things are clean and neat. I won't find stains in the locker i use or smell on the towels and clothes they give me. The water in the pools never look murky and the suana somehow always smells clean and herby-aromatic. This is not for the super clean or claustrophobic type of person. I mean you will be living down in relatively small heated rock rooms with a whole bunch of other sweaty people. Also, if you want to use the pools, you have to be naked! But don't worry it's gender specific, no mingling of the two sexes. If you want to avoid that, just go straight to the saunas. After a day here of eating, resting and sweating you will feel so renewed after a good night's sleep.
I love this place. It is the ultimate way for me to let go of stress and sweat the negative energy and toxins from my body, mind and soul. I have been to three different korean spas like this before, this one is the most "old fashioned" of the bunch being that there is no couples massages, no unisex pools (like spa castle in flushing has), and the managers/owners are constantly doing rounds making sure no hanky panky is going on. I tried. We were instantly stopped and felt like two sheeping children getting caught. So minus one star for this old fashioned crap, otherwise the 24/7 here is a godsend for someone like me who has random bouts in insomnia and spontaneous cravings to get the fack out of dodge in life. Get the deal from Groupon, it's almost always up so instead of paying the normal $40 fee you would get it for $20. I'm making incorporating this bi-weekly now into my life and for those times when I just need to disappear for a while and decompress. The steam rooms are intense. Make sure you're well hydrated throughout this entire adventure because you can get dizzy and dry. I like to put conditioner in my hair during the steam rooms to give myself a little hair conditioning treatment, and slough off with a loofah after marinating in the steam rooms for a bit. They're great for colds too (completely stopped me from hacking my lungs out) The people working there have a bit of an aloof attitude, but whatever, it's water off a ducks back to me as long as I can have this little gem of a sanctuary to myself.
I've gotten increasingly anal with age which means that I need to know exactly what's going to go down everywhere I go.  Yes, I am that friend that you make fun of but always end up bumming a bandaid, padlock, or emergency trip insurance from when necessary.   So, without further ado, since I popped my Korean spa cherry yesterday, I'm going to share with you the wisdom of my time spent and let you know exactly how it's going to go down and what you need to do to maximize your enjoyment.  I'm also going to answer every anal person's question about this place that has not gone answered in other yelp reviews (and I know because I READ THEM ALL PRIOR TO GOING.  I mean, any place that requires you to be naked SHOULD require a good amount of preparation before hand, right?) 1. Yes, the single sex areas are naked only. No, you won't wander out into the clothed areas naked by accident.  They will have giant signs that say PLEASE PUT YOUR CLOTHES ON.  Yes, this was a big anxiety of mine prior to going. 2. Yes, you will have to sit on dubious, wet, warm, slick services bare ass naked. No, they won't even give you an extra towel unless you ask for an extra, which is $1.  No, you should not go if this part really squicks you out and you have nightmares about staph infections.  (But no, no one there seemed to have staph infections.  Everyone had lovely skin.) 3. Yes, they give you soap and shampoo, but you should bring your own.  The soap were the bar kind you'd get at a 99 cent store.  AGAIN, BRING YOUR OWN.  This was my biggest regret: people brought whole caddies of personal stuff to use, just like in camp or college.  You should do the same.  Loofah, facial cleanser, body soap, razor, exfoliator, bath mitt, toothbrush, toothpaste, etc.  Anything you use in your bathroom that you like, bring.  Otherwise, you're stuck with a generic communal bar soap and tresemme shampoo/conditioner (the latter I didn't mind, the former I did.  I mean, communal bar soap. Ew.) 4. No, no one will care if you're naked.  Yes, it is very liberating. 5. No, you won't feel that weird being white/purple/not Korean.  Even on a rainy Tuesday in March (I took off of work) it was very diverse.  I'd say it's 70% Korean, but the remaining 30% were a veritable UN rainbow: black women, Indian women, white women, etc etc etc.  We even saw hasidic men! (NOT IN THE WOMEN'S SECTION. Like, just walking around the shared areas.  No, I don't know if that's allowed for them.  No, I don't know if the cafeteria food is kosher. But it is yummy.) 6. No, you won't get uncomfortably gassy if you eat in the cafeteria and pass out in a sauna.  Or smell. They have really strong air filters. Seriously! 7. No, the scary 500 degree oven "sauna" isn't clearly marked. You can tell by the fact that it freaking looks like an oven, though, so avoid if you must.  Also, there's usually a bunch of old Korean women throwing flameproof blankets on themselves outside. 8. Yes, the wet and dry massages are amazing.  Do make an appointment if you're into it ahead of time to avoid a wait.  The prices are very fair at $65+ tip for one hour. 9. Yes, you'll still have fun even without it! You can spend hours doing nothing. Like napping. Bring whatever electronics you want - you'll find chill areas with outlets that you can use.  Also, cheepie thrill tip: buy the $4 face masks (warning - they will make you look like you wandered off the set of American Horror Story) at the various kisoks, slather conditioner all over your hair, and sit in the wet sauna (single sex section).  Those masks are good, and conditioner and heat in your hair works WONDERS. 10.  Finally - because I couldn't find an answer ANYWHERE until I asked a coworker, the exact location of the Flushing shuttle (for us Queens residents) is parking lot corner of Union and 138 Street, adjacent to the coffee shop Tous Les Jours.  Because you know, "Flushing Parking Lot" shuttle pickup location as listed on their website is really not helpful at all. You're WELCOME. Not get thee to King Spa.
I had one of those $20 Groupon deals, so I headed over yesterday morning to try this place out.  I had never been to a Korean spa before, so I read all of the Yelp reviews in a fairly obsessive way before going.  So for all of the others out there who are new to the Korean spa experience, here is what I encountered: The valet parking is free and the attendant was very prompt.  You should still tip them though afterward, obviously. The front desk people are quick and efficient, if mildly terse and disinterested.  They had no problem accepting my Groupon, quickly gave me a locker key on a plastic wrist band, and pointed me towards the pile of uniforms wrapped in towels.  I grabbed one and loaded all of my stuff into my assigned locker.  I brought my own shampoo, conditioner, body wash, face wash, etc...but they provide shampoo and conditioner in the showers.  There is also a bar of soap, but it's communal and that's kind of gross.   There are small numbered cubbies right outside of the bathing area for you to put your towel, uniform, and toiletries into, so you don't need to walk back and forth from the locker room.  The first thing you do is strip bare ass naked and shower.  Then you can hop into a hot tub (it will bring you to a slow boil), a cold tub (feels like a wonderful arctic freeze after the hot tub), or a more mild hot tub that is filled with an herbal tea.  The last one was by far my favorite, but I did enjoy each of them at least once.  There is also a wet sauna that feels like heaven, but I could only stay in for a couple of minutes at a time.  I should probably mention that even though everyone is completely nude, you barely notice it after about 10 minutes.  And everything is remarkably clean!  There was always one staff member or another floating around, cleaning surfaces and wiping things down. When I was done with the hot tubs, I showered again, donned my enormous pink uniform and ventured upstairs.  The facility is pretty much a maze and there is no map, but there are lots of signs that point things out.  I tried each of the saunas except for the super hot one, because I wasn't brave enough.  They all smelled really nice and were very clean, so I was pleased.  There are mats for you to lay down on if you want and wooden neck blocks for your head, so it's a very zen experience.   The food was wonderful!  I had the Bibimbap and it was the approximately the same quality as what I've had in Ktown.  The portions are ENORMOUS so if you're not a big eater or just aren't that hungry, you might want to share with some one.  My main dish was large, but it also comes with little dishes of sauteed potatoes, kimchi radish, and kimchi tofu.  PLUS a medium sized bowl of seaweed soup.  And it was only $12!  Everything was really tasty, but I didn't come close to finishing it.  After that I took a long nap in one of the many large recliners that were scattered throughout the facility.  Oh there are also a bunch of small water coolers littered throughout the different floors, so it's easy to keep hydrated. I didn't get any of the treatments (massage, scrub, facial, etc.) so I can't comment on those, but I still stayed there for 5 and 1/2 hours despite that.  Overall I thought the experience was magical and wonderfully detoxifying.  Two thumbs up!
The best place to stay for sauna, body scrub, massage. Its so convenient that it is open 24 hours a day. You can go there anytime , relax and enjoy yourself.
3 1/2 stars because of the travel to nj, would give it a 4 if closer. Good very nice and a lot cleaner then other big name spa's. Good place to kick back and relax or recover from a night of drinking or partying, Foot massages is a go!! Food wise: spicy squid, and soups def good!
groupon is currently offering 2 admissions for $40, which is less than half of their regular entrance fee ($45/person). seems like the deal of the century considering their 10-admission package is currently on sale for $260 and their cheapest e-coupon deal is $32/person. i recommend coming here with the groupon, but for $45 i'll probably pass. yes, the spa offers a slew of state-of-the-art sauna rooms for curing hangovers (detox rooms), energizing the mind and promoting tranquility. after sweating it out for an hour or two, your body will feel a lot lighter / refreshed and your mind more purified. however, there are a couple of drawbacks which include overcrowding, mediocre food (typical korean fare)  and rude staff. also, expect to shell out another $20-30 at the food court to quench your voracious appetite. p.s. if you want to stay past 2am, the spa charges an additional $10 per person.
On the last snowy day me & husband decided to have a lazy day and I got a Groupon for this place. From what I understand, they have Groupons quite often, and it makes sense to wait until they do - regular admission is $45 per person (you can get a $10 off coupon inside or from your valet), and Groupon is $40 FOR TWO. They have free valet service, so you don't have to spend time looking for parking (btw, this guy was the only staff who was not smiling and looked like he doesn't want to be here at all). There are separate areas for men and women (with locker rooms, showers (regular and strange sitting kind mainly used by Asian people), four Jacuzzis (ice-cold, cold, hot, very hot), and massage tables where you can get a scrub and/or massage, wet or dry. I got a scrub/wet massage combo and it was totally awesome (after you get over having to lie naked on a table within 5 feet of another naked lady on the next table while middle aged Asian ladies dressed in black panties and black bras (no idea, but it looks like a weird uniform) drizzle you in olive oil and milk and rub you everywhere - I mean everywhere LOL)! Upstairs you have various saunas (small, 8-10 person huts), hot but not overly so, all with a different theme - Himalayan salt, Amethyst, Charcoal, Infra-red etc.. Very interesting. Next over you have a restaurant (decent food but lacking some staples) and lounge area, and lounge/game area next to it. Overall, the place has plenty TVs, laptops, sofas, recliners, and quiet nooks and crannies for people to relax or sleep. Overall, we spent about 7 hours there and could've spent another 3-4 easily. Things I didn't like: - women have to pay $2 if they want another towel or uniform (pink t-shirt and shorts they give you at the entrance, which you have to wear throughout the spa) while men can get as many as they want - WTF? Next time I'll ask my husband to get me a couple of extra towels (men's uniform is white so can't ask for extra uniform LOL). - Green tea they sell for $2 is a green tea bag in a paper cup, and the worst I've ever tasted. Bagged green tea (and so disgusting) is a disgrace to an Asian establishment. - Sneaky pricing. You want a scrub/massage combo? $85. Then you notice, in a small font: "$25 mandatory tip" (or you don't notice it at all - font is _really_ small - and they surprise you on your way out). The funny thing is, since it lasts for more than an hour and a half, $110 is still a good deal - but because of this sneakiness you end up with a feeling that you were screwed over. Neither of these is a huge deal-breaker for me, and I will return when I have another lazy day :)
James K. and I came here this past Saturday along with our couple friends. It was a cold and gloomy day so perfect to spend the day inside. We all got the Groupon deal which was admission for one person for $20 or admission for two people at $39, saving you a dollar. I thought this was a great deal since regular admission is $45 so it was over half off but it seems like between all the e- coupon and other discounts you can get, no one really pays full price. There is a shuttle that leaves from K town and it's free but only if you are going round trip on it. We decided to drive there and there was plenty of parking. There are two huge lots in front of the building. When we pulled into the parking lot, we didn't see any attendants so we just parked ourselves. As we were walking out, an attendant approached us and after a very confusing 5 minutes of him conversing in broken English, we figured out that we were supposed to wait for him to park the car and give us a number tag. Minor headache but heads up if you are driving there, wait for an attendant even if you don't see one in the parking lot. There was no wait for us to check in. Later on, when we were checking out at 7pm, there was a line of about 20 people that went out the door to check in. Apparently the 6:00 shuttle from the city on a Saturday gets very packed and when you come on a shuttle, you have to wait longer to check in as everyone is checking in all at once. After we checked in, we were on our own. There was no attendant to tell you which way to go, how things worked and there was no map of the place. This was James K. and my first time at a Korean spa but our friends had been to Spa Castle several times. That was an advantage because without them we would have had no idea what to do. After you check in, the girls locker room is to the right and girls should grab a towel and pj set before going in. The boys locker room is upstairs and boys can grab their towels and pj sets upstairs. I knew that there was supposed to be alot of nakedness in the locker rooms so I was a bit nervous but it was not bad at all. No one is staring at you and every one is just doing your own thing. There wasn't an attendant who really enforced the nakedness. My friend and I were able to walk around in our towels until we got into the bathing room. There were 2 bathing rooms for the girls and we found the one that wasn't as crowded. There are stand up showers, cold and hot jacuzzis and a wet sauna.  They have shampoo, conditioner and bar soap. I didn't like the bar soap and would have rather had a soap dispenser. They also have toothbrush and razors if you ask for it at the front desk. The place is about 3 floors or so but couldn't really tell because the layout was very confusing. It was not an open space but rather rooms leading into other rooms. There was a variety of dry sauna rooms, including an ice room and one that was 300 degrees or higher. The ice room wasn't cold enough. We estimated that it was about 55 degrees in there and after going into the 300 degree sauna, we all wanted something much colder. The 300 degree sauna was an interesting experience. You have to drape these fire protective blankets on you before you go in that look like burlap sacks. We were able to last about 2-3 minutes in there before it really got uncomfortable. The entire time I was just thinking about I cook my chicken and meat at about the same temperature. Besides the saunas, there are areas to play chess and other games and lots of very comfy lounge chairs for naps. Food here was pretty decent and not too pricey. We tried the beef bibimbap, which came with side dishes and a sea weed soup for $12 and the red bean shaved ice for $6. Some other tips are: -Extra towels are $1 each. -Girls, keep your hair up while sitting in the jacuzzi to avoid getting chastised by the attendants. Overall, loved my experience here and would definitely come back!
It was my first time there and I loved it.  I came across their groupon special and bought admission tickets since it was cheaper than the e-coupons($32) that they offer and also cheaper than the regular price of admission ($45).  I went with a friend, who had already been there before.  I went cause my skin seemed to be particularly itchy and looked up remedies for it and came across Korean Jjimjabang's and was surprised that there was one in New Jersey and open 24 hours.  Also it is separated into a male side and a woman side, the only places that each sex see each other are in common areas.  They offer lots of ammenities in addition to saunas, barbershop, hair dresser and massage.  They also sell food which is soo delicious.  I recommend going on a weekday since I have heard that on weekends it gets crowded.
Very bad experience and rude staffs! We drove 40 mins to there, and the parking lot was full. The staff just rudely told us the parking lot is full  and didn't help us at all. We wanted to wait there for future available space, and the staff didn't allow us to wait!! Then we drove around and there is no other parking space nearby. When we drove back there after 20 mins, we saw a long waiting line of cars right on the place the staff told no waiting!!!
My girlfriend convinced me to go and try it for the first time. The experience was surprisingly good although i don't usually like these kind of spa's. Large variety of saunas, and great variety of food and beverages. Had a great day overall.
Every time I come here I feel like I've been transported back to Korea. The ambiance is fantastic, very relaxing. Make sure to get some authentic food in the restaurant. The scrub and massage are well worth while. Come our smooth as a baby!
Went there last night. That was a nightmare for me. I'm a spa castle fan, went to Korean spa every weekend, and never get any problem. It's a whole new place n my friends ask me to give it a try. We drive all the way from nyc, arrived at midnite. Nobody helps for the parking, ok, then we found a parking spot by ourselves. The frontdesk name Anny( that's what she told me) was rude and in a rush, but nobody's in the line, I don't get it.  No customer service exits in this spa. It's our first time, we had no idea where to go, the stuff just sit in there n enjoy watch us in the confused situation. WTF?! Hello? What about some rode direction?! That's look funny for u?! Fine, we found the routine by ourselves, is this a buffet experience?! The stuff also SUPER RACIST!! If u speak any language but not Korean, boy, they talk about u INFRONT of  ur face!! They didn't know I understand Korean!!!  They only has 3 tiny thing... I hate to call it a pool. It's full of hair, human dander and something discussing!! Jesus Christ, I only stay 1 hr then I left, because the stuff finally talk to me, she said u have to leave, because we r going to clean this area. Meanwhile I was cover by soap, n ask her, can u give me 2 mins? She said: NOOO! U need to leave now!   I'm just wondering how come yelp doesn't have a 0 star. Don't give them a chance to make u become to their joke if u r not Korean!
I love that they are 24/7 and with lots of choice of Spa room. Especially the ice room, I love it. However, the food were just okay. I would love to go there again.
I come here at least once a month some times twice. I need to make it a weekly thing. The staffs are nice. Really like coming here. The only thing that's disturbing are those people that think that the sauna is a great place to have small talks whilst others are try to take in the heat and relax. Pls, take your small talks to the cafeteria or the lounge area. With that said, make it your business to come here when you can. I just finishing getting a cupping, then fell asleep in one of the relaxing room. The food is very good too. Now heard to work out the rice and octopus that I just had. Oh, ask for $10 off, they'll give you / everyone a discount.
This place was nice. I enjoyed all the many sauna rooms, the cafeteria & lounge areas. The only thing I found a little 'different' is  the nakedness is the locker room. The men & women are separate, but in order to utilize the jacuzzi's you must be COMPLETELY naked. Overall this was a good experience. I never been to a spa like this, but I would definitely revisit this spa in the future.
For a Korean spa, this is really four stars.  It has multiple stories, lots of amenities, lots of sauna and steam rooms, and is convenient to get to/from Manhattan (free shuttle from 32nd and Broadway to/from the spa). I personally prefer Spa Castle in Queens and would give that one five stars for this style of spa (the Korean jim jil bang experience) as that one has a top floor with outdoor pools and hot tubs and rainfall showers which are coed and more fun.  Like nothing beats being in a hot tub in the winter with snow around you. But King Spa is quieter, less crowded, has fewer children, and provides a more authentic Korean old school feel whereas Spa Castle is more amusement park Korean spa style.
This is a review for all the guys interested in going: I went with a girl friend and when you first check in you get a bracelet and guys go up to the third floor and girls locker room is next to the lobby. At the locker room be prepared to see a lot of nude guys walking around. Head in to change, and grab a uniform off the shelf before you head down to the common area and saunas. The common areas were awesome. We went on Xmas eve so it wasn't super crowded, there are a ton of comfortable couches to relax on and chit chat and other quiet lounge areas for napping. We started with lunch and had your standard dumplings and bulgogi. The food was average, big portions that were filling. Onto the saunas! The gold room was nice and hot, and all the rooms kind of blended together because they were all fairly similar. My favorite was the amethyst room which I thought was also the hottest room in the whole place. After the saunas I signed up for a body scrub. To get one you need to go back to the locker room and head to the nude area. There's a doorway to the jacuzzi/shower/body scrub area that requires you to be all nude and shower first before entering the hot tubs. I thought it was pretty clean overall, everyone followed the shower rule pretty well and I didn't have any concerns about the facilities. The body scrub took place in the back of the jacuzzi area where a nice older Korean man went to town on my body with a rough cloth and really sloughed off the outer layer of my body haha. This is not for the shy or bashful because he really gets into every nook and crevice... Even where the sun don't shine haha. The guy gave me a good scrubbing, massage, and washed my hair for only $55 including tip. Totally worth it, felt refreshed and smooth as a baby afterwards. If you're not shy or insecure I would definitely recommend this to any guy visiting to try. It's definitely a good experience and you'll leave soft and refreshed after. After the massage we had some shaved ice at the juice bar downstairs and relaxed some more before leaving. All in all we stayed for 6 hours although if you have the time I would plan to stay longer. I can imagine the weekends getting crowded but I didn't have that problem when I went. Another thing I want to mention is the diversity, there was a good mix of people there, about 70% Korean and the rest were Chinese, European and Indian. Traveling note: the shuttle service to the city and back was flawless. We got picked up at 29W on 31st between 5th and broadway, the shuttle ran right on time and dropped us off right by 32 and broadway.
My friend refers to this spa as "The Naked Spa" and the name alone scared me away for years. One day there was a Groupon ($22 for a day pass/$45 regular price) so I decided to put my naked fears aside and just try it out. Upon entering King Spa, I was greeted by a few receptionists. I pulled up my Groupon on my phone, received my locker key/bracelet and in exchange I had to leave either a credit card/ID. I was also given one towel and the King Sauna uniform (oversized pink t-shirt and shorts for women) and I was on my way. The whole naked part of the spa is pretty much contained to one area and is gender specific (sorry, guys). You must be naked when you enter the "wet room" which includes showers, a steam room and four different pools with varying temperatures and different herbal infusions. Before even stepping into a pool or the steam room you must shower to help keep place clean and germ free so bring your own toiletries into the room with you. Sometimes there are toiletries for the public to use but I find that inconsistent and especially if you are product specific just bring your own. After you have showered you are ready to try out the different pools. Again, everyone is naked but you sort of forget about that after a few minutes. If you really don't feel comfortable with the naked part you can completely bypass this section of the spa and head to the common areas in your spa uniform. If you are anything like me, after a few hours of jumping from pool to pool your stomach starts talking to you. Head upstairs to the restaurant for Korean cuisine, fruit juices, salads and frozen yogurt. I am not familiar with Korean food so I appreciate the pictures included in the menu. Each dish comes with various small bowls of vegetables and a seaweed soup. One meal is a lot of food and can easily be split between two people. I have eaten the chicken teriyaki, beef and spicy pork and each comes with a side of white rice. My favorite has been the spicy pork and it has a spicy kick to it. I also like to come back to the restaurant after a few hours and order a frozen yogurt. The frozen yogurt comes in one flavor (similar to Euro tart) and is topped with fresh fruit. Don't worry about carrying cash with you. Your bracelet (given as you enter) has a bar code that is scanned and credited to your account. You will pay for food and additional services as you exit. After eating head to the other floors and test out the different saunas. Some saunas are very hot that you can only stay for a few minutes before you begin dripping in sweat and one sauna is so cold that you must leave after a few minutes or you will freeze to the stool. Each sauna lists the different medical benefits outside so you know the purpose. The saunas are distinct and I recommend trying them all. Lounge areas are located throughout the spa with big comfortable chairs in every nook and cranny. There are even a few rooms dedicated with a flat tv screen and reclining chairs dedicated for sleeping. These rooms are my favorite because it reminds me of falling asleep in front of the tv in your own living room. The rooms are dark but if you like to sleep in complete darkness bring an eye mask. Minus the food, everything else I have described to you is included in your day pass. Great deal, right? Many other spa services are offered at an additional cost including massages, body scrubs, mani/pedi, shellac manis, facials, etc. King Spa is like a time warp..you don't even realize how much time goes by while you are in there. There are clocks (to help keep on time for spa services) but no windows to the outdoor world. You will find yourself completely relaxed at the end of the day and surprisingly tired. Who knew that pampering yourself could be so exhausting? If you have any interest just come and try it out! Shout out to Lana L. for being persistent and repeatedly asking me to join. I have already been a few times and I can't wait to go back.
I love this place, been here dozens of times and already recommended to all my friends who would appreciate such experience . I prefer to go there during week, as on weekends it is crowded, full of loud mouth girlfriends who haven't seen each other for weeks and can't stop talking and laughing in saunas and resting areas. On weekends I always witness "American, who looks for McDonald in a country where they don't eat McDonalds". I talk about ladies who refuse to take off bikini in women only area or take off shoes to go to bathroom.   Last time I was there on March 22.  My favorite super hot sauna, where you need to cover yourself in a special cloth to enter and where they bake eggs, was still under maintenance. Will it ever be open again? Every time I come, I try different dish in their restaurant. Never got disappointed. I haven't tried the scrub or massage, but one day I will, for sure. For those, who go there for the first time, I recommend to read some information/reviews about traditional Korean sauna before they get heart attack seeing a nude person in a room. Otherwise it's the best place to rest/relax/revitalize after a stressful week/month at work or life.
Unfriendly staff. The mans shower section and spa was closed for renovation but it was not posted on the website and I was told after I checked in. The temporary basement showers were 3 floors walk from the locker room very small area with 6 only showers I believe and one very small hot and one very small cold pool. They both were very dirty covered with floating dead skin and hair. Otherwise place was fun food ok. Won't go back.
I love King Sauna!  But it's a once a quarter kind of place as a) it's hard to get here sans car and b) it's pricey.   For those of you looking for a cultural Korean, relaxing but still utilitarian experience, come to King Sauna- a traditional Korean sauna/bathhouse/day spa (the day spa part comes from the fact they offer massages, facials and a salon for hair/nail care, where you can find a fun bonding thing to do and enjoy a half day of bathing, lougning and eating. I don't about hair but mani/pedi is $30. I'll start with the faciltiies: the place is BIG.  Fitness Center now included. You walk in, pay your admission, $32 (this is when you go to the website and download an ecoupon, otherwise it's $45 at the door), and get a towel/uniform (they give you a toothbrush too but I think that is soon ending) and lock your stuff away (they give locks) in the locker room.  Then you get NAKED. NAKED NAKED NAKED- don't be scared. The naked room is same sex and where you get your tubs (ice cold, cold, warm, and hot-- all with different minerals and properties), and your steamroom.  You need to shower beforehand- and they have lots of stations where you stand and scrub. Speaking of scrub, a Korean specialty is the body scrub -$55 (plus the $10 tip they put on the end) for a woman to scrub a layer of dead skin on you. It looks really nasty but makes you feel so clean and soft after.  It's quite thorough- they exfoliate everywhere! The whole things takes 30 minutes.  They wash your hair and give you a head massage, too.  You can combine this with a types of body massages - that'll cost you more in the $80 range.   They have endless rooms of serenity where you'll see old ladies just resting and napping (wooden neck rests and all), and go up one flight (with uniform on!) and find the co-ed saunas. There are quite a few- some are with herbs and have a strong smell, others vary in temperature (there is the Korean "sweat" room which is so hot you need a cloth to cover yourself.. I lasted one second in there, it's over 200 degrees C).  They even have an ice sauna!   They have lots of lounges- with comfortable sofa beds; some people literally sleep. They also have internet wifi cafes, places to eat (the food is traditionally Korean- good but not the best.. I don't think the BiBiBamp was K town standards). Prices for the meals are $12 ish. Be sure to drink a TON of water as this places really makes you feel tired from all the temperature shock - I will say that I came in sore from the gym and left replenished.  It's pricey but worth a once in a while visit. Generally, the place is really clean (no shoes anywhere), and it isn't too crowded- at least didn't seem so.. there's always a quiet nook to get rest. I guess the place is so big that it doesn't feel overcrowded at all.
I am a regular here...I love it. It's clean, service is good, relaxing (even with people around you) and you most definitely get your bang for your buck. I have only gone once on the weekend and it was pretty crowded; that was actually my very first visit last summer (2012), Now I only go on the weekdays as it's so much more quiet and more relaxing for me. When I made my first visit, it was indeed an adjustment to get used to the nudity in the ladies spa area, but once I did, it was like home! I most definitely recommend this place to all...and I know there are many people that aren't comfortable in the nude, therefore, they should go to the common/dry areas and can still find their Zen. I have only (1) con --- the food! I despise it with a passion! The only thing I have while there that I enjoy is a fresh made carrot apple juice!
Convenient spa with computers if people get bored or tired. I wish they had more "Tang"s the bathtubs to go in like original spas in Korea. Still, it is worth the price to visit once in a while. The food is okay. I RECOMMEND the cooked brown eggs they sell. They baked the eggs in the spa. They taste REAL!!! I once asked my friend who were visiting to buy the eggs for me. The sad thing is that the eggs are kinda expensive.
My wife and I visited yesterday on a cold drizzly overcast Saturday afternoon, our first time. When we arrived at the location, the self-park lot on Union was full with several cars waiting, so we opted for the valet parking (no fee, just tips). I had read every review on this site, and so we were fully prepared for the day. Many of the review complaints should be viewed in the context of the business: this is a place run by Koreans and targeted at that group. While others are welcome (and every sign I saw is in both Korean and English), if you are not Korean (like us) you'd be best to consider yourself a guest there, and go with the flow. The segregated by sex rooms were exactly as others have said: lots of towels stacked in the men's room, but not in the women's. The women got two towels, a really small one that some wore as a bandana (but my wife used to sit on), and the another same as the men had. My wife got the clear impression you could get more if you asked the female attendant (which she did not). When in the segregated steam rooms and sauna, some but not all sat on a towel (European style). There were also stacks of scrub cloths - really rough plastic material I assume is for exfoliating. First thing we did was to change into our provided extra large uniform and meet on the second floor (men's white, women's pink, children's yellow) to explore. (For sure, men are not subject to lascivious thoughts in the public areas as no woman alive could look sexy in those uniforms!) As you can see from the floor plan, there were many sauna "huts" - much like igloos - where you duck into a room and either lie down or sit on a mat. We tried a few, lying down, and since the floor is heated you get a really nice "glow" on your back and legs (there are small wood blocks to rest your head on). After getting nice and toasty, we ducked into the ice room for several minutes, which was really refreshing and for some reason really opened up my breathing. We then broke up and went to the segregated areas. The men's wet room had about a dozen shower stalls separated with dividers but open in the front, and then another dozen or so washing areas where you could sit on a small plastic stool and wash. Many men were shaving their bodies. There are four pools - two heated with one barely warm enough and the other really really hot, an ice cold pool between, and a large rectangular one with cold but not freezing water. I visited both the steam room and sauna, and they both were pleasant and as I would have expected temperature wise. A cold shower was mounted just outside and you could stand under it and douse yourself by pulling on a chain (which I did!). After spending close to an hour in our separate areas, we met again in the common computer room area to relax - I worked on a Sudoku and my wife a crossword puzzle for an hour or so. We then went to eat at the restaurant, which provides an English menu with photos of each meal (much like K-town does in NYC). You order at the counter, your number gets called, you pick up your food on trays, then return the everything when done. I use to work near K-town in NYC, and would say the food was good but not quite up to K-town standards. When we left, we both felt totally warm and relaxed. We will definitely be visiting again!
Best Spa Ever!!!
I've been to many a community sauna and this one is kinda crap. Although it does feel pseudo sanitary, it is over crowded, all the hot saunas are basically the same claustrophobic experience after another. Nothing special about anything. Not relaxing. Feels more like entering an insane asylum than a sauna. My word don't waste your time or money.
My friend and I rode our bikes from Manhattan across the GW Bridge to NJ to find this place. At first, we just wanted to make it a nice early Spring bike riding day, but we were so exhausted from the hills that we figured it wouldn't hurt to check it out. King Spa is a korean style spa with a regular-sized bath house area and a huge 2-story sauna common area. I've had a lot of experience with onsens in Japan, so I am obviously spoiled by the natural springs and ammenities included in the bath house section.  The men's bath house follows the traditional full nudity with the mandatory shower before entering the baths.  They have one dry sauna, one steam bath, one normal bath water tub, one extremely cold tub, one extremely hot tub, and one regular cold water tub.  These 4 baths can each fit around 6-7 people without legs touching and it being awkward.  The water was clean and overall design was nice, but I think it was missing a certain flare that i was used to.  They also have large, xlarge, and 3x large size clothes - not sure what the little kids do because I didn't see a small or medium. The highlight of the spa was really the common floors.  The decoration is truly one for a king. I really love how they have the smaller common area sauna areas for both men and women to enter together. To me, this looks like an amazing dating or business chat opportunity. The little sauna huts look like old clay huts with some mosaics designed inside and these bags of random salts or teas to add to the aroma and atmosphere.  The temperatures are not too hot and there's some moisture so it's not as difficult to breathe as a regular hot dry sauana. Also in the common area was free internet service, lots of areas to watch TV and sleep, and many little spots to just sit down and chat with friends.  The downstairs food area was also great for getting the traditional cold rice tea drink with the boiled eggs.  It keeps you filled with calories and hydrated, which is key for all that sweating. Overall, I was pleasantly surprised by this spa. I think the common areas really make it well worth the effort to come out here with a loved one or family.  For $35, I definitely rejuvinated my body before my upcoming ride back to Manhattan.  It's also an excellent area for dinner, so I would suggest getting there early, relaxing within the spa for a full day with a book and some friends, and then leaving for a quick dinner at one of the awesome restaurants down the block.
STAFF Everyone seems nice and helpful. I don't expect much since I only use the sauna & ice room portions of the facility. They do a great job keeping the floors clean since you cannot wear your shoes. Towels and outfits are clean also not one stain. Towels aren't too dry either.. AMBIANCE Wall decor having lots of natural stones and wood pieces really gives this place a relaxing feel. The surroundings of silk plants and miniature waterfalls makes a difference. They use IQ Air machines which are known as the best air filters in the market.  Purified air and water are the essentials to living a clean toxin-free life. FOOD / DRINKS I only buy the smoothies downstairs and eggs as a snack.  I'm very pleased with this. My only concern are the water coolers and the TDS reading that I discovered once I checked my water bottle when I got home. OVERALL EXPERIENCE Love the variety of sauna rooms with difference things to look at hanging from the walls. I walk out of here feeling like a million bucks. 24 hour spa is what I need for the hectic life I have.  This is truly the main reason I come here, for the service hours. My only concern is that being this is a place where you should "detoxify" and drink highly contaminated water. My tap water had a better TDS reading then their filtered water coolers. I am no scientist so I have no idea what's in that water. I give it 2 stars because I do love this place. $1000 membership I EXPECT the best most purified water to be meeting the FDA standards.
It's definitely an eye opening experience.  It's clean and everything but also very authentic.  They need to create a map.  It's like a maze in there but I guess you can say that it's fun that way. The dry sauna area, you can go with the uniform.  There is one that's super hot @ 200C so you can literally cook chicken in it (they actually cook eggs in there and sell it at the cafeteria).  They give you a tarp looking cape so you can wear it to induce sweating and also to protect your skin.  I was able to stay on there for 2 min the first time since I didn't use the tarp.  And then I went in again the second time and stayed for 5 min.  That's the coolest one I think. The pool area have 3 small pools, one super hot, one with treatment and one a super cold pool.  In the pool area, you have to go full blown au natural.  It took us a couple of hours to get mentally ready.  Once you're in, there is no coming back.  This is also the shower area.
I don't really know where to begin.  I love King Sauna.  Passionately.  The rest of this review will detail my experience, and what you can expect if you've never been to a Korean spa before. 1. Read this: kingsaunausa.com/nyt.htm 2. Go to the website and read the sauna descriptions to determine what you want to concentrate on (i.e. increase metabolism, maintain firm skin, cure cancer, get rid of hangovers, etc).  With so many options, time management is key.  Then print out the e-coupon to get 17$ off admission, making it only 18$ for a whole day of pore cleansing. 3. Arrive bright and early and prepare yourself for awesomeness.  It may be helpful to bring the following: slippers or socksie-booties (though it looked very clean, I felt kind of gross walking around everywhere barefoot), toiletries if you're picky (they provide soap, shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, qtips, hair dryers, tooth brushes, and toothpaste), some reading material, and clean clothes to change into afterwards. 4. Give the person at the front desk your ecoupon print out, and if you're a dude, make an appointment for a massage and/or body scrub (more on this later).  If you're a chick, go into the locker room and prepare for an onslaught of nakedness.  Change into the funny clothes (go commando), and leave everything in your locker except your key.  Make an appointment for a massage and/or body scrub for a few hours later, and venture upstairs to meet your male friends, avoiding the naked room (you'll be back later). 5. Enjoy the saunas.  Eat Korean food (no cash needed, everything is charged to your locker number), play Go, watch TV, gossip with friends, admire how some women can tie their hair up ph-so-stylishly with the mini towels.  MAKE SURE YOU STAY HYDRATED.  There are plenty of water coolers throughout. 6. After digesting, and at least half an hour before your appointment, go back downstairs, and go into the women-only sauna that's so freaking hot that you need to sign a waiver to go inside.  Watch in fear as a worker opens the door for you with a string (the door is too hot to touch).  Stay for five minutes.  Have a near death experience.  Leave and cool down in the room outside.  Repeat if you're brave. 7. Strip and go in the naked room (big towels are not allowed).  Wash yourself while perching precariously on a weird plastic bucket seat thing, then enjoy the steam room and hot/warm/cold spas.  Keep an ear out for your locker number when your appointment time nears.  The body scrub and massages are done in the back of the naked room by women wearing black panties and bras.  They don't really speak English.  There are many other naked women around you.  They hose you down from time to time.  This isn't Bliss. 8. Get a body scrub: a wonderful experience that literally sloughs off so much dead skin, it's almost nauseating. 9. Get a massage: it's not relaxing in the traditional sense, but it will make you feel very refreshed afterwards. 10. Leave feeling like a whole new person. A few additional notes: - Obviously most of the clientele is Korean, but as a non-Korean, I didn't feel uncomfortable at all. - Ladies, you should probably avoid this place if it's that time of the month. - Everyone, you should definitely avoid this place if you have any weird contagious skin conditions. - During the scrub and massage, don't flip out.  She/he is not molesting you. - Double check the prices at the front desk; tip isn't included, but they automatically add a generous amount (scrub + massage was 70$, tip was 25$).
I will never be back here. A few of my friends and I had been something similar sounding in Flushing, NY called SpaCastle which was awesome. I was in need of a massage and somewhat of a detox. I was headed out of the country in 3 days and needed for my brutal upper back pain to subside before leaving. I really needed a massage and the place I normally go was booked. I decided to try this place out thinking it would be like the place in NY. I would go by myself, relax, have some juice, unwind, get a massage and hang out in the different saunas. A good thing is there is free valet parking. Also, print out the coupon online for a $28 entry fee instead of $45. Other than that, it's all downhill from there. The foyer is small and the atmosphere is unwelcoming. It is not spa-like at all and if it is your first time there, they don't really say or do anything to help you go where you need to. You are given a key and a uniform which you must wear at all times. The locker rooms are big enough, and just be prepared to see lots of naked people flashing their junk all over the place. Next to the lockers, there are 2 saunas on one side, and a pool area with showers on the side at the other. You can not have clothes on in the pool area. That's right.They give scrub downs at one end of the pool area, which look interesting enough, but it makes me wonder why I just can't do it to myself at home. Up you go and you will find many, many different types of saunas. There is a computer area, juice bars and a massage area. There are so many different levels, it is very confusing. They really need to give you a map of this place upon arrival. Also, the descriptions of the saunas aren't very good. Most of it is in Korean. The directions and arrows all over the place are worthless. They will just confuse you even more if you try to follow them. I hung out in different saunas. While waiting for my massage, I had a strawberry juice drink which was okay at best. Finally, it was time for my massage and I would feel 1000 times better even though I was in this barbaric facility. This was the worst massage I had ever had. It was a $60 full body massage. Price isn't bad right?? NOT WORTH IT. Pay the extra money and go somewhere legit. They make you keeo your uniform on during the massage. I don't know if it was Swedish or Deep Tissue, but I do know it was horrible. She kept rubbing all the wrong parts of my back and made me hurt like hell. I kept looking at the clock wondering when the hell this torture would end! 99% of my being wanted to get up and leave in the middle of the massage. Which, looking back now, is exactly what I should have done. When the massage was over she actually ASKED for a $20 tip. I said okay, I will tip later since OBVIOUSLY I did not have my wallet or bag with me in my little uniform. As irritated as I was, I spend a couple of more minutes in one of the saunas and decided it was time to go. The shower was not so bad. I walked in with my uniform even though you are not supposed to and threw it on a chair while I showered in one of the open stalls. Bring your own shampoo/bodywash conditioner. Who knows what's really in those bottles- I mean really. The best thing was probably the relaxation room in which there is a bunch of big, large comfy chairs, a tv on low and you just do exactly that- RELAX. The worst part is everything else. As I was paying, the receptionist at the front desk asked if I wanted to leave a tip on the card. I didn't wanna leave anything...then I thought $5...then I thought about Karma and having been in the service industry myself at last minute I told her $10 tip. She INSISTED I leave $20 because that is what's recommended at King Sauna. I almost told her to go fuck herself!!! I politely told her the massage was not good and $10 was more than enough. She reluctantly processed my bill and I practically ran out of there. I am surprised this place is not out of business. My experience was terrible and I'd rather swallow broken glass than come back here ever again.
This is an experience everyone must have. Seriously, I kinda want to live here after the most relaxing 11-hour spa day. This is my new favorite place and another reason to come to NJ. It's remarkably clean, especially in comparison to the Russian bath houses. And who knew that King Sauna also was home to the world's largest supply of amethyst? The various hot rooms range from your standard sauna heat to sitting in a chimney on fire. The amethyst room was probably my favorite for its beautiful floor to ceiling crystal interior and comfortably hot temperature. Be sure to read the Engrish signs outside. There's one room that you must wear a protective blanket and cover your face since you will feel like you are in an actual oven. At 200 degrees Celsius (~329 degrees), I felt like I could bake a pizza on my body. The Bulgama room (on the restaurant floor) is essentially a brick oven at 800 degrees. The ice sauna and cold baths offer a nice retreat from the heat, as do the many fruit drink options and patbingsu, this yummy shaved ice, red bean and fruit dessert akin to Filipino halo-halo. The lounge area on the 2nd floor has wifi and there were definitely people working on their laptops in between sauna-ing, massages and naps. Also, there are several TV rooms on the second floor with the most comfortable recliner beds for napping or catching up on your favorite Korean soaps. If I had it my way, I'd come here to watch the Super Bowl. You could take sauna breaks during commercials. The men and women's spas are completely separate but do know coming here that EVERYONE is naked in the spa areas (showers, whirlpools, body scrub massage areas). There are lots of Yelp complaints about the nakedness, but you really just get desensitized after awhile. In the common areas (hot rooms, restaurants, lounge areas) everyone is wearing these awesome, unflattering uniforms. Prepareyourself for nakedness, especially if you are going to get the highly acclaimed body scrub. When your Korean aunt in a bra and panties flops your legs open to scrub down your inner thighs, you'll get over being uncomfortably naked. The body scrub is worth it especially when you see how much dead skin you have been walking around with. Better not look actually. But after, your whole body feels like fresh, new baby skin.   They offer other treatments as well, ranging from a 35 minute shoulder/back chair massage to mugwort fomentation, where you sit on a toilet-like stool for 30 minutes to get your undercarriage steamed with various herbs to stimulate circulation, cure prevent hemorrhoids and enliven your skin. It's quite the popular treatment. Do note, your bottom may feel like it's on fire when the crockpot below you is on full blast. Inevitably, you will get hungry so be sure to visit the 2nd floor for more sauna rooms and Korean food. The food is decent especially since sweating all day, you will sure work up an appetite. The baked eggs ($2) make a nice little snack. Make sure to plan for several hours here to kick back and relax. This is the epitome of relaxation. Also, there are frequent shuttles to and from Manhattan or Flushing. If you are coming from either location, take the shuttle round-trip since it's free. If you take the shuttle only one way, you have to pay $5 which doesn't make much sense. I had a groupon but admission is $28 if you use the online coupon.
OMG, I can't believe a place like this exists!  The sole purpose of King Sauna is to take your tired, achy, stressed-out body and rid it of all those evils. So here's the deal.....when you check in you give them a credit card and they give you a wristband with a sensor and locker key.  Make sure that you get their online coupon so this way the admission will only cost you $28.00. You then go to your respective locker room (men's/women's) and change into.....well, you change into nothing but your birthday suit. If you have any hangups about being BARE-ASS naked in front of a bunch of strangers then this isn't the place for you.  But honestly, it's no big deal. Next to the locker room is an area with a sauna, steam room, showers, hot tubs and cold tubs.  I opted for a body scrub which is an additional fee but I highly recommend it.  Again, you're laying on a table in the buff while you have every inch of your body scrubbed and exfoliated of its layers of dead skin.  Your skin will really feel ultra-smooth after this treatment. Aside from the locker rooms almost every other area is co-ed and clothes are required.  Not your own clothes mind you, but rather a "uniform" which consists of shorts and a shirt.....white for men, pink for the girls. They have all of these different igloos/kilns/chambers (not exactly sure how to describe them).  These are all designed to make you sweat, which you will inevitably do a lot of. Then they have many different seating areas where you can just hang out and chat, play board games, surf the Internet or watch tv.  The best relaxing spots, in my opinion, are these enormous leather lounge chairs where you can seriously crash and conk out for awhile.  They also have a juice bar and a cafeteria where you can grab some Korean food.  You can also get massages if you'd like for an extra fee.  You never have to carry any money or cc with you because any extras are scanned from your wristband. You can easily spend hours here (I was there 5.5 hrs) and not even realize it cause you magically lose all track of time here. If you're ever in need of a total day of relaxation King Sauna is where it's at.......
Good and cheap place, open 24 hours, Price is 45, but you can ask for a 10 dollar coupon in front of the building by the valet parking. Would recommend!!
This is one of my favorite establishments ever - thus my review is appropriately long. My parents have gone here for a few years and finally convinced me to go with them. I was extremely reluctant to go at first, but now literally dream about going there everyday. Don't let the nudity keep you from coming here. My initial hesitation not to go was due to the nudity (as I am sure this is a concern for many who are not used to saunas). It's really not a big deal and personally, I got over it within a minute of being there. The patrons are mostly Korean.. and the non-Korean are largely Russian. This might be shocking if you aren't prepared, but generally not a problem (I'm non-Korean). Considering the women's area is largely a public bath - it is extremely clean. You would think that a room where 30 woman are showering would be covered with hair? Definitely not. I would consider it cleaner than my own bathroom (and I'm an extreme clean freak). The rooms are filled with a pleasant odor that makes bathing the most relaxing experience. If you're planning to meet a male partner - give yourself about an hour or hour and a half in the woman's area. **first timers - I HIGHLY recommend buying the little glove scrubbers the woman sells by the entry for $2 - they will change your life/skin (esp. if you use  them everyday)** The women's area has a herbal sauna that I highly recommend spending some time in after your shower. The small pools of different temperature water are also amazing. The saunas in the public areas are beautiful, relaxing, and very well kept. They all have different purposes and I would recommend going to their website to read up on them. The best part of the establishment is definitely the restaurant. The food is cheap compared to other Korean food in Pal. Park and always very tasty! For those not adventurous about Korean food I recommend the Bulgogi (beef) or the dumpling soup. They also serve yummy smoothies. **The saunas can dry out your hair so what I do is leave a strong conditioner in my hair after my initial shower, wrap it up in the small pink towel, and then leave it in the entire 5-7 hours I'm there until I rinse before leaving. This will give your hair a deep condition and keep it from drying out in the saunas.** And don't forget to print the e-coupon from their website before coming!!!!!
What to say about King Spa that hasn't already been said? Ask your valet for a coupon for entrance, If you didn't snag one online or via a discount site, the will give you $10 off right on the spot, which is great. Front desk check-in was friendly and helpful, giving us first-time advice on layout and men's vs. women's designated areas. I got yelled at for inadvertently walking into the locker room with my shoes on, I was focused on scheduling my appointment, so I honestly didn't even realize this was a no-no, so be sure to remove your shoes as soon as you enter the women's locker room. I did want to get in there and schedule the appointment as soon as I could knowing that the weekend is usually extremely crowded. We got there at 10am on a Sunday and they got us in for a scrub/massage combo for 12:20. With two hours of time, we decided to hit the saunas and eat.  The bulgama room on the 2nd floor wasn't working despite signs on the exterior claiming it to roll out at 11am. This was disappointing to me, because I definitely did want to see it! The various saunas vary in temperature from bearable (Gold Pyramid, Rock Salt) to outright super hot (Amethyst) and it's fun to hop from space to space trying them all out. The very hot room that everyone else is talking about, where they cook their eggs was also out of service.  The food in the cafeteria was good and prices were more typical of what you would find in Manhattan for lunch ($12-$15), but did include a lot of typical Korean extras like kimchee and soup etc. The spa services get a little tricky as you have to head off to your respective same sex area. You are pretty much told to strip, take a shower and then "they will call you".  I did do those things in that order and I still found myself standing around doing nothing, buck ass naked which IS a little awkward, so of course I ran back to my mini-locker, got my towel and covered myself so I could wait comfortably. They scream out your number and you head over to the treatment tables. My attendant greeted me by pulling my towel off of me, clearly having a good guffaw at my attempt at modesty. On their latex covered table, you are then scrubbed for nearly an hour in every crevice of your body, by a woman I'll refer to as "my Korean mom", she was about the same age, dressed in her bra and panties, not uttering a lick of English except for "other side!".  There really is a ton of dead skin that gets exfoliated off of your body during this "treatment" and I kind of found myself mentally begging for the bucket of hot water they dump on your periodically to remove it all away. After the exfoliation, they tell you to go shower and steam for "two minutes" and "come back".  I didn't have to come back as my Korean mom was tapping on the glass of the steam room motioning for me to come back to the table.  My massage came next which basically consisted of a half hour of kneading, stretching and pulling- in between a good steady stream of baby oil they are pouring over your body. At some point, they apply a lovely mashed up cucumber mask, which is cooling and soothing and smells amazing. The baby oil comes off at the end via HOT TOWELS they apply to your body while still massaging and kneading. You are told to flip around with your head at the opposite end as they shampoo your hair and give you a vigorous scalp massage. The whole thing was glorious and I floated away feeling like a new woman. I showered to remove some extra residual oil, got dressed and met my husband in the lobby, who told me he had been waiting for over 20 minutes. Our services had the same start time, but after comparing notes, found that the men's scrub and massage involved fewer steps. If you are wondering what goes on in the wormwood/mugwort room located within the women's spa area- it's called chai-yok and is basically a vaginal "treatment"/steam. Its traditional and supposedly aides in treatment of everything from hemorrhoids to menstrual cramps to infertility. The midieval looking chairs complete with hole in the seat plus the women sweating it out underneath a tarp like cape that is tied at the neck did little to encourage my curiosity.  Not something I'm interested in trying, thanks! I would definitely do this again and so should you. Check your modesty at the door and in exchange you will leave feeling something akin to what I can only describe as post-coital, with a glow from within new skin.
Bought a groupon for 24 admission to King Sauna. With over 1000+ people buying this groupon I figured it was going be busy but my friend and I had to wait for the King Sauna bus for 1.5 hour in Korea Town before we finally got on. (more like a big van than a bus but at least it's free). However it was worth it. As soon as I got there - it was a easy check-in, I grabbed my pink oversized clothes and towel and headed towards the bath. It's super awkward at first because everyone is naked at the bathhouse but all the international customers don't give a damn and they're just letting it all hang out. Anyways I felt so clean, I scrubbed all the dead skin with the free exfoliator and then changed into my pink outfit and headed towards the cafe. The food was sooo good, I got soontofu and yukaejang, both very spicy and legit (better than manhattan ktown) after lunch, I went from mineral salt room to golden pyramid to the ice room... room to room to relax and stretch. There was even a computer room where I played xbox for like 10 minutes. I walked into their nail salon and got a manicure. It was overall a great Saturday morning and I felt so great afterwards - I wish it wasn't so pricey so I can come here more often.
I won't give the whole "here's what a Korean Sauna is, and what to expect" walk-through because... well, it's been done to death here by other folks, and they've covered pretty much everything I would. So... instead, here are five quick tips to make your King Sauna stay more enjoyable and get the best bang for your buck! 5) Print out the coupon off the website... or get some from a nearby restaurant... BUT should you forget to do either of those things, fret not! Just ask the dude at the valet booth. He's got a stash and will hook you up. 4) Buy yourself a little scrubby glove or two. If you upkeep your scrubs at home, you'll get an even better result when you go get the full blown scrub at the facility. 3) The pot bing soo is sweet and delicious... but definitely share it with someone. You wouldn't think it, but that mound of shaved ice drenched in sweetened, condensed milk, fruit cocktail, fruity syrup and red beans clocks in at more than 700 calories. While it's true that you'll probably sweat it right out in the saunas, there's probably no need to put oneself behind the 8 ball, right? ;o) 2) If you're not a K-food aficionado or you're not terribly food-adventurous (unlikely if you're a good little Yelper, but hey, maybe you're bringing a guest that fits this description!), good options are the bulgogi, the ramyun soup (slightly spicy), the spicy pork (aptly named... it's got some kick to it!), or the mandoo soup. 1) If you're not sure about the whole tip system/ what will be expected, refer to the signage behind the counter when you arrive and are paying your admission. They've posted a handy guide that explains the standard amounts for each service. (And remember that tipping for services like these is NOT like tipping at a restaurant. It's generally recommended that you tip a hairdresser, etc. ~30% so the amount of tips here shouldn't be *completely* shocking.) *And a bonus note for the ladies: If you forget your razor, just ask the attendant who takes the massage and scrub reservations for one. They've got 'em -- they just don't dole them out as freely as they do the toothbrushes!* Closing note: Having been to similar facilities in San Fran, Vegas, Virginia and Hot-lanta, I have to say that King Sauna holds a special place at the top of my list. Maybe it's because it was my first... maybe because I've been witness to their expansion (we were there for the grand opening of the new area), but I think this place rocks and has a more home-y feel than pretty much any other sauna I've been to thus far.
I used to go to the Turkish bath in EV when I needed to loosen my muscles and detox.   The place has character but Turkish bath is like a divey bar while King Sauna is like the ESPN Zone of saunas.   It's spacious, there are multiple rooms with varying heat and "theme" like the gold room or the jewel room, etc.  My fav is the salt igloo room.  Your sweat glands go to overdrive in there. I do occasionally splurge for the scrub massage.  Your skin feels like a newborn's skin afterward.   By the way, you need to make an appt when you get there.  However, if you don't have the money, buy one of those green scrubber cloth  they sell ($1 last time I bought one) and scrub yourself.  But I recommend doing that scrubbing towards the end of the day, after you've sweat and sat in the steam room a few times. I think it loosens up your dead skin, making it easier to exfoliate (sounds kind of gross but it's true).  Unfortunately for men, they only offer scrub, no massage (too bad). The bath part is single sex (and yes, everyone is totally nekked)  but the heated rooms are co-ed and they give you uniforms to wear (t-shirt and long shorts).  Don't let the naked thing deter you from going there.  Trust me, you get over it after about a minute.   Winter time is the busiest time, especially weekends.  I think Sat is slightly better than Sun, and forget about holiday weekends, there are people who come as far as Virginia on tour buses to experience King Sauna (mostly Korean expats who miss the sauna experience). I love the cafeteria food btw.  It's all Korean food but tasty and very reasonable.  I always order bibimbap when I'm there.  It comes with seaweed soup and a 4- 5 side dishes for just $8!  Also, a great refresher after being baked and steamed for hours is patbingsoo (shaved ice with red bean and fruits).   For $20 entry fee (with coupon), you can spend the entire day there.  Too bad it's not open 24 hours like in Korea.  I would love to hang out there on a Friday night after a long week... The place closes promptly at 11. Update:  The place recently went through a major renovation.  There  are 2 new floors and additional sauna rooms.  Not sure about the men's bath but the women's bath has a new room, which is spanking new and more modern (I believe the room is for ladies with locker number above 800) .  The new mud room is crazy good and currently the favorite.  There is also the new ice room (cold as a meat freezer but looks really cool). You have to check it out.  Note that price has gone up.  With coupon, entry fee is $30 but they're open to 2AM now.  Also, food and all service have gone up too.  Inflation sucks! UPDATE 2:  found out recently they are open 24 hours. Whoa!  It's like being in Korea! UPDATE 3:  Do NOT stay here past 1am.  I believe they charge extra $10 if you stay past 1AM.   I thought it would be cool to spend the night here and sleep in those warm rooms.  Well, you can't really sleep.   When you are about to go go into a deep sleep mode, you are asked to move so they can clean.  You hear the vacuum and the cleaning, and you are being shuttled from one area to next all night.  You are sleep deprived and cranky by the morning.  One nice thing is that you would be the first one to go in the hot tub before anyone else does.
King Sauna is less of a spa and more like a social club with saunas. People come here to just chill and shoot the shit  ALL.DAY.LONG. There are many seating areas that encourage said chilling so bring a book, mp3 player, tablet or even your laptop! If you don't feel like schlepping all your tech gear, there are areas fully equip with computers, game consoles, tv's, chess tables etc. Do this: - Get  coupon online for cheaper $28 admission. Regular is $45. - Open 24 hours so go whenevs. [There is an additional charge for late night use. Inquire within] - When you check in you'll be given a wrist tag.  The tag number is your locker number and the bar code will be used to register any purchases you make throughout the spa.. - Grab a towel and uniform [women=pink, men=white, children=yellow]. -Locker rooms and several areas on each floor are unisex and will be clearly marked. - Put on uniform [no bathing suit necessary under, more on that later] and WALK PAST THE SPA area. Save that for last. Head upstairs to the saunas. - Saunas are co-ed unless noted. - Once upstairs you'll probably be confused as fuck as to what you should do first. Signage and layout is kind of confusing but you'll be here FOREVER so don't worry. Just pick a sauna, open door, enter, lay down and chill. ====================== WORD OF CAUTION - there are a few HELL ROOMS that will revive and fuck you up at the same time. You probably won't be able to stay in there for more than 5 minutes and you'll probably need to take a trip to the juice bar after for tons of water and a sugary drink/smoothie.   ====================== -Once you're done sweatin' n chillen', head back to the spa area in your locker room. Clothing is NOT AN OPTION so yea, leave your swimwear at home.  There are two hot and two super cold pools. Try not to stare at the women getting one hell of a body scrub down. The 'technicians' really go in, if you know what I mean! Things I didn't like: - Mats are too short and narrow. I had to fold my arms to prevent them from touching the very hot floor. Not exactly a relaxing or comfortable position. - Ice room smells horrible. - Parking, where is it? Didn't see any signs for a lot or valet so had to find street parking which was somewhat tedious. - Lighting is a bit harsh in some of the saunas. - Not gonna lie, I thought there would have been more pools outside of the spa area so I was a tad bit disappointed, but then again this place is called King SAUNA!
"Man cannot discover new oceans [of Korean spas] unless he has the courage to lose sight of the [East River] shore." -Andre Gide This is how I feel about spending a night in a Korean Spa. Be bold, dear friend. Why stay in a dingy $100 hotel when you can stay at a korean spa ($28 + 10 for overnight stay) and have the time of your life! Our Korean brethren do not suffer under the hegemony of taboo collective nakedness. When you enter Korean Spa, you are greeted by an assortment of flora, fitting of the sort of pre-lapsarian attitude they take with respect to their own naked (and not shameful) bodies. TIPS: 1) there is apparently a round trip bus from Korea town that is free! How did I miss that? 2) ONLINE COUPON: print it out. Bring. 3) Take your queues from everyone else: when they are naked, you are naked. Clothed, clothed.They walk in and shower before entering the pools, you do the same. That shows a bit of cultural sensitivity, and a respect for hygiene. 4) Body Scrub. This is where the review becomes PG-13...or R. It was great. Worth trying at least once. You feel like a snake shedding its skin. Afterwards you may ask yourself, "did some guy just give me a full body scrub?" Yes. Yes he did. No real complaints. The staff were very friendly. I brought my laptop and the wifi worked great. The food is not amazing, but good enough.
I'm Tracy's friend that got a groupon deal... Everything she said is spot on. This place is several floors, very busy and pretty crowded. I would absolutely not pay full price. Each room is heated with different scents or minerals (all hot - with the exception of the ice room) and you sit there in the cotton garb they provide. There are a lot of sitting areas to read, watch tv, play games or chat.  The restaurant was affordable and tasty, as well as the smoothies. I got kiwi, don't remember what she got - and then we shared a vegetable platter (the key is to mix together EVERYTHING). It's weird because they don't give you any directions or speak to you at all so you just go like a herd into the changing rooms. Fortunately, one kind woman was able to tell us more or less what we were supposed to do. I imagine if you bring books and are prepared to spend the day there, it could be worthwhile but it could get boring fast if you expect any kind of entertained. We didn't go into the hot tub/pool area afterward so can't comment on that. There's plenty of parking and the checkin/out process goes fairly quickly. I'm not so sure I would go back again though.
King Sauna Deserves a 6 Yelp Rating !!! Although I've been to Korea, this was my first jimjibang (Korean spa + sauna) experience. If you're not used to Asian / European-style bath houses, it'll take a some getting used to seeing all the dis-robed people walking around. The first floor is for women-only, the second floor is co-ed (also has a cafeteria with decent food), and the third floor is for men-only.  If you go with co-ed friends, don't worry.  There are plenty of little igloo-like saunas to enjoy together with them on the second-floor. There is no need to carry cash / credit cards around or to tip since upon check-in you are given a bracelet with an ID and a locker key.  This ID bracelet is used to keep track of which services you've paid / what food you've ordered. Admission is $35 (still VERY cheap) and there is no time limit.  They give out $15-off admission tickets and also the website has a $17-off admission coupon.  I paid $18 for entry and stayed 6 hours, and still felt like I could have stayed longer. I highly recommend the full body scrub, and I plan to return once a month.  And yes, I am a guy.
I live in Jersey City, so today I decided i'd take an adventure on the NJ transit 83 bus up to King Sauna in Palisade Park, NJ.   I got off the bus at Maple and Broad, and in about 10-15 minutes I walked to the spa.  It looked pretty friendly from the front, tucked away in a little residential neighborhood. The ladies at the front desk were pretty helpful, and confirmed my 1pm appointment for a 'dry massage,' gave me my wristband, and pointed me to my lockers.  They took my ID as a 'deposit' for my wristband. The locker room was clean and the lighting wasn't appalling.  You chuck your stuff in a locker, strip, and put on the uniform, a set of pink shorts and tee shirt for the women (i saw white on the guys.)  I had to ask for a larger uniform, but I'm probably a size 20, and the slightly larger size was totally comfortable and accommodating. As mentioned, the bath area is nekkid only.  there are little cubbies outside the bath section that correspond to your locker number, where you can stick your uniform.  You'll need to shower before getting in the tubs or the steam room.  I brought lots of my favorite products in a big ziploc, and kept them in my locker when i wasn't using them.  Behind those rows of sit-down showers, there's a wall and a row of tables behind the wall for scrubs and 'wet massage.'   (whoa, quotation marks makes that look dirty.  it's not.) when you walk into the 'wet spa' area, there are three stand-up conventional showers to your left ( no curtains anywhere, leave your modesty in your locker) and then two rows of sit-down showers... little stools with hand held showerheads mounted waist-high, so you can sit down and scrub, or whatever you'd like to do.  i saw ladies brushing their teeth, even.   Off to the right, there's a cluster of three tubs, then a long tub on the wall behind them.  There are two hot tubs, and a cold plunging tub, which i thought smelled like cucumber.  it was nice!  Then there's a steam room (much hotter than i'm used to, but great) with a pile of rocks in the middle, which I saw other people walking on, but didn't try myself. There's also a showerhead kind of in the middle of everything, which will give you a spray of cold water.  I saw others coming out of the steam room sweaty, then hosing off before getting in the tubs, so I followed suit. You'll need to put your uniform on before you go upstairs to the unisex sections and the dry saunas.  I had kind of a hard time finding everything due to less than stellar signage, but I figured it out without having to ask. Up the stairs is the gold pyramid, then two saunas with aromatherapy bags hanging from the ceilings.  check out the website for the full details.  These three seemed less intense than the other saunas.  on this level is also the restaurant, some heated domes that you can lean against to warm your back, and the infra-red room.   In the infra-red room, you sit with your feet under an infrared light (head away from the wall).  It may have been a total placebo, but i thought i felt my pulse quicken in this room, so I didn't stay for more than five minutes.  There's also the Bulgama on this level, a room separated by gender, where the floor is heated, and many folks were napping.  it felt great, but I can't sleep on my back and the mats were too hot for me to curl up like I normally nap.  Strange feature:  there's a curved mirror on the ceiling that shows you the men's side when you're lying down on the women's side. back through the trio of saunas and down the stairs is a great lounge area with a bank of computers and a wireless internet area, as well as some lounging space.  there are scattered clusters of recliners too, where you can watch tv (golf was on the whole time i was there) or catch a nap, and there were also areas with game boards out for chess and another game I didn't recognize. In the internet room, there's a stairwell down that looks like it's marked as the Men's locker room, so I almost didn't go down there.   I was glad that I did, my favorite saunas and a juice bar are ont hat level.  Down those stairs was the amethyst room, which was hot but not crazy hot, the yellow mud room (very hot), a mineral salt sauna, the ice sauna (uh, really cold,  they sell socks for $2 just outside) and the crazy hot Bulhanzungmok sauna.  I saw a woman go in there with a towel on her head, one over her mouth, and a pile of burlap.  not for the faint of heart... it even says so outside the sauna.  I skipped it. The yellow mud room was my fave, with the amethyst room a close second, and then the rock salt room with the bags of herbs hanging from the ceiling.  I also loved the steam room in the women's locker room.  I had the 'dry massage' which kicked my butt.  It was really, really intense, and at times the lady walked on my back while hanging onto a pipe on the ceiling.  Not a first timer massage, but great. go!  have fun!  print out the online coupon.  bliss out.
I've been to King Sauna several times, so I figured it was time to leave a review. And I feel compelled to first say this: If you've never been to a Korean sauna/spa/jimjjilbang before - Google it before going! This is NOT a Western sauna/spa and it's not meant to be. That being said, I absolutely love King Sauna. The women's bath is nice, and has two hot baths, one cold bath and the freezing bath. The steam room is great. I love that even when it's super busy there is always a spot open to wash. The only thing that bothers me is that the men get as many towels as they need/want, and the women don't. I assume this is because ahjummas steal towels, or something, but come on. I need more towels! The upstairs floors and the shared saunas are awesome. They have a pretty diverse selection, so you can try out all the various sauna rooms and their different advantages and heat settings. They also have an ice room, which is perfect after trying their 200+ room. I can take heat, but oh my god, my eyes were burning after going in there for one minute. The food is good. Kind of minimal selection, but they have patbingsu so I'm not complaining. King Sauna is definitely one of the best jimjillbangs in the tri-state area!
(Part2) After the scrub, my hairy baby skin and I left the bathing area.  They provide you with a 'uniform' of over-sized tshirt and matching sweatpants long shorts (think white cotton jams from 1984).  I was thinking that I wished the scrubber had scrubbed the soles of my feet (which, together with my face and palms, was the only skin not abused) and decided a foot massage was a good call.  I wandered into the massage corridor only to be politely chased out and sent downstairs. The lower levels are more or less exactly as they appear in the photos from the website.  Very lush fake greenery and elaborate fountains.  Lots of lacquered cherry and tile.  On each of the floors there are several little doors (maybe four feet high) leading into the various sauna rooms. I opted for a 35 minute foot massage, which was very nice, but the best part was the non-subtitled Korean TV shows being played.  The commercials were my absolute favorite.  They tried to upsell me pretty hard on the 60 min massage, but I declined. After the foot rub, I started randomly wandering into various tiny sauna rooms.  I don't know what to say about the rooms.  There are probably a dozen, but I couldn't really tell you what the difference is beyond the ice room, the dungeon (more on this later) and all the others.  The rest of them are warm, not hot, and have bags of stuff hanging from the ceiling.  The ice room is sort of like sitting in a walk-in freezer, but is very handy to have nearby when you are going into all these sweaty rooms. Somewhere in the middle of my wandering, I noticed there was one room on the lower level that had a double set of doors, but they were closed and there was a table barring the entrance.  There was a sign, but alas, it was in Korean.  My interpretation was that this room apparently closes and reopens at various times throughout the day. Intrigued, I deciphered the next show time was in 15 minutes.  I decided to kill time and went to the juice bar.  I ordered the most Korean sounding thing on the menu and had a seat.  My order turned out to be a plastic Lovely JjiJji branded bowl of shaved ice, at least two different kinds of beans, some syrup and pineapple chunks.  It was actually quite tasty, but huge. Halfway through the bean sundae, I noticed the special dungeon room had opened.  The outer set of doors were now propped open and the inner door was clearly covered in scorch marks.  I wandered over for a gander as three old Korean women came out wrapped in fire blankets, dripping with sweat and said "very hot." I grabbed a blanket from the pile and went to dive in.  In a situation very akin to my ice-bath misstep earlier in the day, I got about halfway through the door when the heat hit me.  It was honestly like a blast furnace or standing too close to a bonfire.  My eyeballs actually hurt.  There were people trying to get in behind me so after a brief pause, I just kept going. I think I lasted, maybe, MAY-be 45 seconds.  Between my freshly scoured skin and now fading buzz, I actually thought I was cooking alive.  It was ridiculously hot.  Like, shield-your-face-from-the-blasts-of-hot-air hot.  My fire blanket choice turned out to be bad since I grabbed a small blanket that would not cover both my face and feet at the same time. Honestly, this review is too long as is, but I had plenty of other mini-adventures.  Check it out if you can, trust me.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! - pay the admission... you walk into the all female locker room part... - get ur towels and pink tshirts... - get naked! - scrub down in the shower area... exfoliate, shampoo, shave... strip off the funk... - in the female washroom part there are several pools of different temperature water... my favorite was the one with, what i call the huge tea bag... filled with herbs... there is a steam sauna there too... another one of  my favorites.. - put on ur pink tshirts and walk to the coed areas where there are different sauna rooms... my favorite was the pyramid one... - chill out in the common areas... i took a mini nap by accident... felt so good... - order some food! tastiness... and cute dining area.. - head out feeling like jello... feeling squeaky clean... - dont forget to get your coupon for discounts on the next visit.. - go during the daytime hours... people start flooding in during the "after work" hours.. - you can stay all day!!! - my only issues with the place were that its so far, there isnt another place like this closer to me, and i felt so good coming out that i didnt want to drive home at all...
I was a bit apprehensive when I walked in to king sauna.  You are fully nude in the wet areas and expected to wear a pink uniform in the common areas.  Going full nude around strangers is enough to be nervous about, I am a card carrying fatty, so that brings its own issues.  After 10 mins in this place I was made to feel comfortable.  The staff was super nice and had a plus sized uniform for me.  I booked a scrub in the wet area and it was amazing.  A bit weird at first but still amazing.  FYI they scrub every inch of your naked body.  I've had many body scrubs at western spas and they can not compare to king sauna.  When I was all scrubbed and clean, the woman made a cute little bun in my hair. After the scrub I went to the common area for a nap.  I napped for an hour and then explored.  The little hot rooms were relaxing and felt good.  The super hot burlap sack room was an interesting visit.  It took me two tries to actually stay in the room and make the best out of it. The intense heat felt good on my body. When I was done sweating I hung out in the ice room.  It was a refreshing feeling. I ordered a smoothie, took a shower and settled my bill.  They do ask you for a minimum tip on the spa services.  I am not usually a huge tipper but I gave the woman 50% (way above minimum) for her awesome service, she deserved it. All and all this place is amazing.  I plan on coming back very soon.
I've never really done any sort of body pampering before, but when my friends and I discovered a $20 Groupon deal for one full day admission (as opposed to a normal admission ticket price of $45) to King Sauna, we decided to indulge in a day of relaxation. King Sauna boasts an array of dry sauna rooms (amethyst, mineral salt, rock salt, yellow ocher, gold, and ice among others) as well as herbal baths, a fitness center, steam rooms, lounges, and a restaurant. They also offer skin exfoliation and massages. One of the great things about this place is that they offer free shuttle bus (it's more like a van) service to/from Manhattan and Flushing. My friends and I met at the 31st Street Manhattan location at 9:30am, the earliest pickup time, on a cold Saturday morning to utilize our deals to their full potential. Unfortunately, many other sauna-goers were thinking the same thing and we couldn't fit on the 16 to 20-seater van. We had to wait 45 minutes for another van to come from NJ to pick us up. Killing time wasn't too big of a problem with so many cafes nearby, but the only bummer was that we could have slept a little while longer! Seeing that winter is rapidly approaching, King Sauna is bound to witness an influx of customers. I think it'd be a great idea to have some sort of reservation system in place so they can either cap it at 20 people or arrange multiple shuttle buses per time slot. With little morning traffic, we reached our destination in just under thirty minutes. Sign-in was quick, and we were each given a bracelet with a key to our locker. Each of the lockers contained one large body towel, a smaller face towel, a toothbrush, and an oversized pink t-shirt and shorts. The pink uniforms were worn in the co-ed saunas, restaurant, and lounges, while it was almost mandatory to strip down in the single sex baths. My heat threshold is pretty darn low, but my friends and I gave all but Bulhanjeungmok (so hot that they make you cover your body with cloth sheets to protect your skin!!) a try and we really enjoyed them. Each sauna fit about 8 to 10 people, listed a great number of health benefits, and made us sweat profusely. While they've all kind of meshed together in my mind, I remember enjoying the yellow ocher sauna, in particular, for being very fragrant. The steam rooms were really nice, but were so hot that we couldn't stay in for too long. The herbal baths could have been better because they were a little too small and the jet streams only came out of a small part of each tub. Don't forget to try their food! Their lunch and dinner specials were actually quite large because they came with five or six side dishes and a bowl of rice. One of my friends and I split the samgaetang, a chicken soup with a whole chicken stuffed with ginseng, sweet rice, and chestnut. It was hearty enough to satisfy our grumbling stomachs, but not so heavy that we were left uncomfortably stuffed. We also loved the eggs that were baked in the hottest sauna. My skin was softer and I felt pounds lighter at the end of the day.  It was a lazy, but refreshing way to spend a cold Saturday. Likelihood of another visit: Hmm, I think I'm all sauna'd out...maybe the end of next year? And maybe if I become less of a pansy I'll be open to an exfoliation and/or massage!
Visited this spot for 3 times and will definitely be coming back.  I wouldn't say its not lacking, but I do enjoy how you could truly relax here.  My favorite thing to do is plan a day trip to NJ and what I do is stop by Mitsuwa for shopping and lunch and then come to King Spa. Check in process is always speedy.  You just have to pay up (either with a groupon deal, which they offer pretty frequently or with cash/credit) and then give them a form of ID and they will give you a key sensor bracelette, which serves as your "credit card" and locker key.  Then, you just grab a uniform and towel and you'll be on your way.  The locker rooms are a decent size and next to it you will find a resting area, bath area, tubs, and a bathroom.  I like to immediately change and then go upstairs for the sauna first (they have some variety from mineral salt, yellow mud, purple crystal, gold, and more)  Then, there's an area where you can play chess and just relax (even if you don't know how to play, you can just google the rules and attempt to make a game haha).  Then there's the computer area and there is also one computer that's hooked onto an XBOX.  What's really sad is that the desktops are all set up so that the sound is off so you won't be able to watch videos.  You will have to opt for the laptops and smaller screens if you want to relax and stream a movie during your stay there (which I like to do).  The food court there offers a variety of food and at very reasonable prices.  The portions are also very good.  If you get a chicken salad, they offer croutons, parmesan cheese, and dressing on the side and you can get as much as you want.  They also sell desserts such as froyo and patbingsu.  After everything, I like to go back down to the women's area and take a shower and take a dip in the tubs.  I usually come here at like 5-6pm and then stay til around 2am so that the crowd dies out a bit so the nudity thing won't be so much of an issue since there will be less people.  Either way, coming to places like these you've gotta get over that somewhat. Now... a lot of people compare this with Spa Castle.  For me, both spots have their perks, cons, and differences.  It all depends on what you're looking for.  If you're looking for a more relaxing, chill, and laid back spot.  King Spa is the way to go.  Not to mention they are opened 24 hours so you won't be chased out like Spa Castle.  Their food court is also opened 24/7 so its not like Spa Castle where their last order is at like 8:30 and you won't really know unless you're a regular there or experienced it before.  Their portions of food is also bigger than Spa Castle and a bit cheaper in price.  Whereas, I view Spa Castle as more of an "amusement park/tub relaxing" sort of thing.  There's huge crowds there all the time and of course you'd bump into immature people there either it be playing marco polo in the tubs or some couple making out, or some kids splashing water everywhere.  But, that's how an amusement park kind of thing is.  If you just want to soak in water under the sun and have like an "amusement park/tub/beach" kind of thing Spa Castle is the way to go, but note that it is a bit noisier.  I personally like both depending on mood and what I'm looking to do with my day.
I knew I needed to prepare myself for this adventure in nudity and minimal english ... I bought the two for one entrance fee off groupon and took my lady with me and here's how it went! Upon arrival they valet your car (i'm so thankful my girl said she would drive bc I would NOT have trusted my brand new Wrangler in the hands of anyone besides myself.)  Inside you check in with some form of ID to be held so that they can collect charges on your wristband at the finish of your time. Great system in that you do not have to carry around cash or a small tote.. Your 'money' and key is all on one wristband.  You also get a bundle of your outfit and towels.  Of course my big booty was not going to fit into an XS (really?!) so I was able to get bigger shorts.  I was planning on getting tipsy to be able to handle the nudity and just facing the fact that I would be naked too but I went in sober and was proud of myself for it hah! Plus all the heat from the saunas and rooms would have totally made me barf city anyway.  Note for those who were thinking the same-- proceed with caution if you go that route! The hot tubs and showers were cool but I could only get into two tubs-- one being the room temp one and the slightly heated tub. Otherwise I swear they could have boiled shrimp in the third tub it was so scalding! They have a large, beautifully crafted tub w friggin Pegasus which i thought was room temp water but it was cold. COLD COLD COLD.  We made appointments to get the body scrub & massage for around $85. let me tell you-- SO worth it!!! I have never felt so clean in my life and yet dirty too seeing all the dead skin clumps on the table and floor around me. Wow, I'm gross. Was interesting too bc I guess the ladies arent used to a Kardashian ass bc i think she kept smacking mine on purpose when I was face down... I'll move on from that tho. The few other levels feature different pyramid or dome type dry heated rooms with various herbs or minerals and healing purposes. Or what my girl and I would say "wanna go into another hot room?"  Some felt exactly the same as others and we wondered if they really did have different 'healing qualities' or not. They also have an ice room for when you're sweating balls.  Its next to the cool little smoothie stand where I got an amazing fresh strawberry smoothie, YUM!  The cafeteria  is dope and the food was really good I thought. I eat bulgogi all the time b/c part of my family is from Korea. Theirs was not as flavorful but still done nicely and tons of side dishes! We were both satisfied and full by mid-day. After eating my girl and i decided it was time to relax so I found a dark room with huge reclined chairs made just for relaxing and napping! So excellent! I only wish they had blankets bc I always need one to nap. Regardless tho we passed out for almost two hours.  I recommend taking contacts out too FYI if you wear them bc all the rooms dried my eyes out and also its not as comfy to have them in. I eventually put my glasses on and it was much better I am most definitely coming here again for a full day of relaxation (we stayed for almost 8 hours.) Next time I might get another service like a foot massage.  The body massage was okay but not deep or as comforting as I would have liked. But the scrub is a MUST!  I'm thinking this place will be my seasonal retreat to getaway.  We also came on a Friday late morning so the crowd was minimal. By evening time it was starting to fill up more so A big suggestion would be to come during the week, earliest possible and leave before the crowds come.
Pro's: -  clean facility (dust free) -  open 24/7 (there is $10 overnight fee after 2AM) -  internet -  Bulhanzeunma (try 10AM - 2PM when it's scorching hot)  UPDATE : back in service after 1-yr long hiatus Con's: -  too crowded on weekends. -  shuttle too crowded on weekends - sometimes you are packed in like sardines. -  unreliable shuttle services (eg, no 11 PM service - they just never show up), but it used to be much worse. -  food - slightly overpriced, sometimes just substandard (just had the most rancid smelling curry rice - obviously the meat was spoiled. *Yuck*).  I normally eat outside. UPDATE: I stopped eating there altogether after another food poisoning -- this time carrot juice.  If you must eat there, make sure that it's thoroughly cooked. -  staff : I don't go there for conviviality, but what's up with their permanently pissed-off attitude? - price : has gone up quite a bit over the past year or so.  Wonder if it has anything to do with GroupOn promotions. If you could look beyond bad services and food, this is definitely a 5-star sauna.
This is a very nice facility. Like it's brethren Spa Castle in Queens -- this is a traditional Korean Spa and has separate wet areas for men and women.  The co-ed areas include several saunas, a restaurant, several lounge areas, a computer/video game area, chess, and two very comfortable television lounges with large comfortable reclining chairs. Like most korean spas, nudity is mandatory in the single sex wet areas, while a provided t-shirt and shorts is worn in the co-ed areas.   The men's wet area is very nice, with several showers, hot tubs, cold tubs, and two saunas.  Massage and scrub services are also available.  There is one jacuzzi tub, but it doesn't have many jets -- it pales in comparison to the massive jacuzzi that Spa Castle has. What it does have, however, that Spa Castle does not, is a large, quiet, comfortable, private sleeping room (separate for men and women).The facility is open 24/7...if you print a coupon online, entrance is only $28...and I believe for an extra $10 you can spend the night.   For the men, there appeared to be some subtle and discreet cruising going on in the sleeping room. Overall, I found the place to be clean and well run.  The staff is cordial.  Definitely worth a visit if, for some unfortunate reason, you find yourself in New Jersey.
Back to 5 stars. This is an awesome place for body and mind relaxation. make sure you print your internet coupon to get discounted entrance price and enjoy your visit!
Honestly not the best Korean sauna (Castle Spa is probably nicer but way more expensive and no shuttle from the city) . King Spa convenient and free shuttle from the city to Palisades Park.  Its nice to unwind and just do nothing once in a while.  Facilities are clean refreshments are great  (you gotta try sweet rice drink and hard boiled eggs)....  King Sauna is open 24hrs and last shuttle to nyc  is 1030pm.   Do you have to get naked? yes and no... if you want to take a shower and used the hot/warm/cold baths and saunas then yes... if you just want to use the common area they have uniforms that you have to ware to use the dry saunas.  There is no privacy when you change.   no car and live in the city no problem... free shuttle schedule from NYC at kingsaunanj.com you can get a discounted admission ticket (28 dollars... save 15 dollars) at yook.ws/king Give it a try... Took a couple of my friends here and they all loved it.  I'm sure you will too.
Absolutely no complaints.  Took the 2 PM shuttle from Ktown, less than 30 minutes later we arrive with our e-coupons and trade ID for barcode bracelets / locker keys. The facility is segregated M/F for the baths, but coed for the little sauna huts.  I started out with a hot tub, followed by steam, sauna, repeat.  Then a scrub which left my body at least a half-pound lighter from all the skin I shed! After showering off, headed to the main area to grab a strawberry/kiwi blend and check out the Sauna huts.  Lots of igloo shaped saunas with wooden doors, and different herbs / materials in each one.  My favourite was the one made from rock salt blocks. Dinner here was great.  Tons of food, low price, delicious. You have to be willing to spend at least 8 hours on this, but it's worth it!
Great place to spend whole day. Greatly entertaining and refreshengly different experience. Go there alone or with a friend and get ultimate korean spa experience, be sure to order some massages and try they korean food (very spicy). This place you won't forget and come more often. I know people coming all the way from Canada. Do yourself a favor, try it. Everyone will find something he or she likes there.
It's pretty good... Prefer SPA Castle because of their pools, Jacuzzis and jet streams that massage you. This place is great if you're into saunas. I think this place has great potential.. But to charge 10 to use the very small fitness center is ridiculous. It seems like the Koreans are mean but they don't understand English.. Lmao... They need to add more massage stuff in there. The fact that they're 24hrs is cool. Could get boring without variety.
Frequenting a sauna/spa/bathhouse is an integral part of a Korean upbringing. It's a place of community, where folks of all ages come together to cleanse their bodies and mind. Families, groups of friends, pairs of significant others - you'll see them all here. This isn't a spa for the fainthearted and you can count on skipping the tranquil music and cucumber water. Instead, an elderly Korean woman in a black bathing suit will scrub your skin raw as you sit completely naked in a shower. Or you can wrap yourself in a wool blanket and roast yourself in a 200 degree room. Or if that doesn't suit your fancy, visit one of the numerous heated rooms - some made out of 24K gold, amethyst, and traditional Korean herbs. Soak in the heated tubs, herb bath, and cool showers. But if you just want to relax, buy a face mask and take a snooze on one of the comfortable recliners. Play a game of Korean chess in the games room or watch TV while you cool off. Personally, I enjoyed rolling around on the heated floors while perusing through Cosmo. Hungry? Visit the restaurant where they serve up tasty Korean dishes. The juice bar offers a selection of freshly cut fruit and fruit juices. Definitely try the hard-boiled eggs. While you were roasting alive in the 200 degree room, so were the eggs! They are translucent, delicious, and $2 for 3. Parting tips - As everyone else mentioned, print out the e-coupon from their website to get reduced admission. On your way out, ask for coupons and they'll give you a fistful of $15 off coupons. Live in Manhattan? No problem. Take the daily free shuttle from 31st and Broadway and you'll be getting your scrub on in no time. Book your massage/body scrub ahead of time and plan on spending the entire day there. You'll leave relaxed, refreshed, and skin glowing.
there are no words. get the body scrub + wet massage for $85. it's 1.5hrs long and life changing. really breaks down social barriers and sloughs off a lot of dead skin. LOL once you get over the whole nudity thing, it's really a breeze. so many different room/temperature/dry/wet/steamroom options. and so many extra options of the co-ed variety. there is even a free shuttle back and forth to manhattan and one to flushing. this is a splurge that really isn't a splurge at all. you end up paying about $150 or so for all of this and 1 meal at the commissary which serves pretty good korean food. there are deals you can find online to get $10 off the price of admission and i will certainly do this again. over and over again.
Ridiculous. Korean sauna house is just a ridiculous experience. So, I had really high expectations of this place, but let me tell you, nothing is comparable with what you could have thought. The different sauna houses remind me of igloo, but aesthetically and functionally superior. After staying maybe 20 minutes, you could literally feel the blood circulation faster. They are clean and not crowded. In terms of body scrub and massage, I have more to say: 1) body scrub was totally awesome. My skin feels extremely polished, like a snake just shedding some skin. 2) the wet massage was VERY rough. No it's not like the exerting too much force kind of rough, but they SLASH your meat in a big chunk CONSTANTLY kind of rough, and they treat all meat equal and pay no respect to any particular part of your body. But anyway, I don't care. It does the job. Food-wise, to the standard of K-town. I am quite pleased. King Sauna delivers the experience as a King. I'm coming back soon!
I'm a fan...  well, MOSTLY, I'm a fan... I've gone 3 times and all but one was a good experience.  I can't speak of the bad experience....  it was just too gross to speak about.   I try to keep those bad dreams at bay...  but I digress.   Those other two occasions were late night runs with my homies...  This place is 24 hours and for those who are shy about being naked in front of other dudes, this is a good time (low population).  BUT that shyness disappears after 15 mins (good thing).  The facilities are clean and comfortable.  Towels and clothes of all sizes are provided.  And I swear, they must have the oldest little Korean grandma back there making the food because that tasted so HOMELY that I could eat there all day (ultra good thing).  The salt scrub (for guys) is a total MUST DO.  My skin has never felt better.   Great place to relax and get re-centered.   Pros:  Cheap if you get the coupon (the valet will have it if you don't have one), open 24 hours, Salt scrub is a must.  Ice pool was cool (sorry for the pun) Cons:  Depending on who is there...  the hairy crowd killed the atmosphere...  yah, think about it...  and it's FAR for Manhattan people but there is a shuttle from Ktown.   Bathrooms:  5 of 10.  Totally doable. Would I come back?  YES.  absolutely.
This place in insane! If you are looking for something completely different! This is it. Valet Parking! Which is awesome, because there is no parking there. the place is GORGEOUS!!! You feel like you are in a storybook when you walk inside. Its like something to read about, but never think it exists! Koreans everywhere!! Everything is done on the floor. You walk into these hot ass igloos! They are all different, they all serve different purposes - then they've got the ice room and the 24kt gold pyramid. They have a 300 degree oven you can attempt to do where they bake the eggs. (who knew you could bake eggs?) The food is excellent! The place is spotless - you would think with all those sweaty bodies the place would skeeve you out! It doesn't, it's immaculate. This is a great place if you are looking to do something different with the girls - this is a great girls retreat for the day. This is also good for a couple to enjoy together. It's not very romantic, but its unforgettable. People lying around - sweating - my friend and I were really skeptical. We wound up spending 6 hours there and loving every minute of it. We ate hung out in all the saunas minus the oven sauna. We ate baked eggs, dumplings, curry stew, we enjoyed shakes. We played chess, you can watch TV in these super huge lounge chairs, check your internet. The dining area is so cool - the chairs are so awesome! It's like a dynasty  in there. Go - speak with Grace, she gives an excellent tour!! GO and have fun! Sweat your ass off, eat till you drop! Cool part is, they give you a key bracelet with a barcode on it. Afterwards you pay for everything. They just scan you when you want to purchase anything - so you dont have to walk around with your bag. Lock it up and massages, manis pedis food whatever - you buy with your bracelet. Don't go there cute looking - because you wear their uniforms and are going to sweat your ass off!! Put your hair up and prepare yourself for some interesting FUN! Its a very liberating place - that said, Be prepared to see neked Koreans   when you hit them showers.
King Sauna is so much better with the renovation! it used to be crowed but now its a lot more spacious and there are more options for the kids (game rooms, chess boards, etc) and numerous additional lounges, additional saunas including ice sauna(love going here to cool down), bulhanzungmok (best addition of saunas, best to detoxify with a good sweating// make sure you cover your hair and face when you get in there it can get reeaaally hot in there). Bulgama (which was there before the renovation) is still a must go. the spa is also very nice. I payed extra to get body scrub(dde mil ee) and massage. a bit pricy but the massager does both for an hour and half so worth it. the less pricy "just body scrub" is a must!! your skin feels so much softer after, like you peeled a dirty layer of your body.... feels gooood.     I also found that there was a free shutter bus system. Today we went from Manhattan to KingSauna with their free shutter bus. Only costs $30 total including the ride+sauna you also get a ride back (this i thought was amazing and very convenient) You have to eat at least one meal when your in King Sauna. Definitely worth it! menu is traditional korean food as well as ramen, momill gooksoo and japanese udon and so on. Generally food was tasty. very satisfying especially with the HUGE portion you get. Cant go wrong here. As for the snacks must must get boiled egg and sickhae in between saunas! Also king sauna is now open 24 hours!
I am a Regular here, but service has lacked. The super hot suana was closed for months (lower level). The massager's asked for minimum tip of $20.oo But this is still the cleanest spa in NJ.
This place is definitely not for the timid.  It's a nude campus (same sex) and then you could go to the communal area fully clothed (cult wear - pink for the ladies and white for the men) and meet up with your boyfriend or husband for the dry saunas in those cute little homes or eat Korean food. I was so surprised the people are comfortable in their own skin - even the "grandmas" are there strutting around.   I just have a hard time visioning my mother and I to go to such a place but I would go there alone or with my husband. For a first timer and a non-Korean - it was quite an experience but the results are AMAZING, particularly the body scrub and massage.  Your skin is silky smooth.  This is definitely their signature treatment.  They scrub you so well that it puts me in shame on how I clean myself. EXPERIENCE of the body scrub and massage  -   Felt like they were marinating me and priming me up for the oven (wet steam room).  The massage - invigorating not relaxing. At one point, the lady stood on my back and massage with her feet....this part , NOT liking it but overall massage was good. The body scrub & massage therapist - barely speaks English but just enough to say "go here", "turn over", "up", "go".  I got a singer for my therapist, perhaps a BONUS!   Would go back again.  I'm still in awe that people have so much time on their hand to just relax ALL day there.  I would just go in and get out.  What a culture to have.
We went here a few months ago and really enjoyed it.  As MANY others have stated, this is a korean bath house and not a traditional western spa.  If you're not sure what that means, read other great reviews here or google it!   The men's-only side was incredibly clean and neat when I was there.  There on a Sunday afternoon, it was less crowded than I expected.  I had hoped the hot tubs would be a bit larger, but they were decent enough.  I didn't try a scrub, so I can't comment on those. In the communal area we tried many of the dry saunas.  We're not well versed enough to understand or appreciate the subtleties of the different dry saunas but we loved them all!   We also decided to eat dinner there and the food, while slightly pricey, was yummy. All in all, we can't wait to go back!
