I have really short hair & like to change it up a bit once in a while, but I am very picky about stylists - I used to work front desk of a very upscale salon, so I am used to getting great cuts. Short hair is so easy to mess up. I stumbled up Sava while out and about the area & asked if they could refer me to one of their stylists who is great with short hair. They scheduled me with Violet. I cannot even tell you how amazing she has been! She is super talented and lovely. I refer all of my friends to her.
My mom and I went here once to get manicures and pedicures - it was a present from her (and I guess to her, too). It was her favorite spot to go to for the occasional treat when she lived in the city.  There's the whole song-and-dance about how the owner only used to do house calls to exclusive celebrity clients, which put me off at first, but once I experienced the quality of the services here and the way you are treated, there was no denying how special this place is. It's beautiful inside, so quiet and relaxing.  If I had to make a complaint, it would be that the style is a little too over-the-top-luxe and interior design-y for me.  But then again, coming here *is* a total luxury so it I guess it makes sense that it feels and looks like one. All the little details are there.  They offer you tea, cappuccino, water, there are fresh flowers.  No one rushes you, they do the best work ever.  If you can afford, it, I recommend this place, it's worth the money.
i am a natural blonde, and have impossibly fine and thin hair. I walked passed this place while shopping in my neighborhood, and went in to make an appointment. That's it, I am cutting my long hair I wear up in a bun everyday. My appointment was with Yolanta, and we discussed a few options and pictures I brought in. She suggested a "blend" of my ideas, and what she thought would be a good short cut to make my hair appear fuller and healthy. I am now on week two of my new hair, and I love it. Not like the many times I have been to get my hair cut, leaving and it looks great; only to get home and try to do it myself with complete failure. The cut (including shampoo and blowdry styling) was under $80. This is in line with the many salons I have been to in the past, so this was even better. They offer a pedicure for $65, which I will never do, knowing that I can get a mani/pedi for less than this downtown (or maybe it is something magical I need to experience !) but the prices for haircuts, waxing, etc are all reasonable. I will definitely go back to Yolanta to keep my new "do" in shape.
I have been living in Washington Heights for 3 years now and was on the hunt for a great salon. I'm not sure how I missed this spot for so long. I made an appointment and on the same day they fit me in that night. my appointment was with Violet and she was absolutely fantastic. I showed her a picture on my phone for inspiration and after she was done with my cut, we compared it to the picture, it was almost identical! i was very impressed with her skills. we also had great conversation about the neighborhood and I can't wait to go back. the spa is very quaint and a bit hidden, but definitely worth it.
Uma Thurman goes here.  I sat next to her on the plane and asked where she got her pedicure b/c it was amazing, she said this place.  They also have the best facials in the city, not to be missed!
Upscale spa with upscale prices...this spa is very classy and professional. They usually request credit cards for reservations. I do not recommend the pedicures but the facials are outstanding!
Excellent pedicures. I stopped going for pedicures, though,  when the prices jumped and the attitude level rose. Recently I saw a sign in the window that they have stylists.  I figured I'd give Sava another chance because a haircut in the neighborhood would be so convenient.  I tried Nicole, and have gone back to her ever since.  Great to have an excellent haircut in the neighborhood.   And the place is definitely friendlier.
had a great hc there last week. really enjoyed the experience and will certainly be back! my friend goes for pedicures and swears by it!
I've been coming here for a few years for waxing, and they really know what they're doing. Iwona in particular is excellent.  She's considerate, experienced and so efficient. Let's face it, when it comes to waxing, experience and efficiency mean a lot. I also enjoy the facials and skincare products, and occasionally pick out something from the small but elegant sampling of clothing and jewelry on offer.  Not the cheapest, but worth it given the professionalism and quality of their services.
Jolanda (i hope I spelled that correctly) did my hair for a party and it looked AMAZING..she did exactly what I asked for and that never happens for me at salons. Argata (again I hope I spelled that correctly!) did my eyebrows and eyelash tinting and they turned out perfectly. I was soooo happy with my experience and I looked super cute for my party!!! Thank you!!!
