It was quiet and clean but service wasn't spectacular. I needed something quick though so I wasn't being too picky. The leg massage I received with my pedi was very nice though.
Off the beaten-path in Bronxville, I decided to check it solely because I already metered there and didn't want to move the car in the rain. Very Zen-like modern atmosphere indeed, sterile and clean, like the coworkers. Not too friendly at first, but I finally got them to perch up a bit. Regular manicure is $10, but I opted for the collagen/keratin treatment for my dry skin/cuticles for an extra $5. Interesting experience overall. Would I go back? Highly unlikely. even though she did check on my car for me, I didn't even get the usual 2-minute back rub. Note: They do offer other services like special pedicures, massages, and facials.
Was truly a great experience! Love the ambience, service and the staff. This is the place to be for the most relaxing pampering! I am not a person that normally gets my nails done but after my experience at zen and spa, I will continue to invest in myself. I would recommend to anyone to try this place without a doubt.
It's been over a year and the bald spots in my eyebrows have yet to grow back.  I went to have my eyebrows waxed in January of 2011 and I don't know if the tech was new and inexperienced or just incompetent.  I should have thought something was odd when she didn't give me a mirror to look at my brows when she was done but I was in a rush and had to leave quickly.  When I got home it was as if my eyebrows barely existed.  I went back the next day and the worst part was that they refused to take any responsibility for the terrible job their technician did.  It's one thing to make an error and another to not own up to it.  I wasn't as upset then as I am now as there are certain spots in my brows that never grew back and the areas that did the hair  is very light and sparse.  I can't speak to their other services but Caveat Emptor when it comes to eyebrow waxing.  Given their attitude, I wouldn't recommend going there for any of their services.
