Went there on a Saturday night at about 6. Was fairly loud, even in the dining room but nothing too bad. By the time we left, it did get considerably louder. I inky bring this up so you understand that if you're looking for a nice, quiet dinner, either go earlier or go somewhere else. Afterall, this is a pub style bar that feels very much like it. ( I personally love the atmosphere) The food was delicious though. I got a Porchetta sandwich with garlic fries and it was fantastic! They have a large selection of beer and have it broken down to ales, fruit beer, ipas, stout etc, which is nice. Coles bar area is great. I've been there many time but never really for dinner. However I will be going back soon enough!
I wish I could write two reviews with two ratings of Cole's because by day Coles is a wonderful restaurant with great food and amazing brunch, and by night it is a pretty hopping bar. I will review the food and restaurant first.  I would say about 4.5 stars overall.  They have awesome burgers, I love the lamb burger the most because it's so different.  They also have some pretty killer Buffalo chicken egg rolls.  The service is usually good, but sometimes as the night goes on it gets worse, not because the servers are bad but because it gets crowded in the dining room with the bar crowd even though the kitchen is still open.   Brunch at Cole's is one of my favorites in Buffalo.  I've been working my way around the city trying to find my favorite brunch spot and Cole's is certainly in the top 5 so far.   They don't offer bottomless mimosas but they do have 10$ pitchers.  My favorite brunch item is probably the crab Benedict, it's an eggs Benedict on a crab cake and it is wonderful. Now I would like to review the bar aspect of Cole's.  Where the restaurant gets a 4.5 the bar gets a 3 at best.  I have been in on busy nights, like ladies night on Tuesdays, and slower nights, like Wednesdays.  I have to say I don't like the bar service.  Typical bar etiquette is the bar tender serves the person who has been at the bar longest, not at Cole's, and especially not on Tuesdays.  I waited for 6 minutes and 34 seconds one Tuesday for a drink (yes I timed it because the pervious week had been so slow). The bartender made eye contact with me and then saw that next to me was someone he knew who he went over to first.  Mind you I had already been standing there for about 2 minutes.  He then made about 5 drinks for this girl, did a shot with her, and moved on down the bar, passed me.  It was a different bartender who finally took care of me.  Lesson here, know the bartenders on busy nights if you want service. On a not as busy night the service was just a bit slow.  The bartender had no sense of urgency and my drink was made wrong the first time, I wanted vodka soda not vodka tonic. If i was reviewing just the restaurant Cole's would get higher stars, but unfortunately bad experiences as the bar had to bring it down.  Hopefully I will be able to update my review for more stars.
Coles is the quintessential Bar/Restaurant in Buffalo.  They have a great bar with a lot of craft beers, and a fairly extensive menu.  On my last visit I have the Steak Sandwich, which was delicious. This place is good anytime from lunch to late night.
I usually love the food at Coles and the atmosphere there but I recently ordered a Cuban Sandwich there and it was nothing like what I was expecting. If you go there thinking you'll get anything that resembles a real Cuban sandwich, well my friend, you'll be mistaken. Nothing about this besides the pork resembles a real Cuban sandwich. Don't get me wrong it was a great sandwich but definitely not a Cuban sandwich.
Cole's is easily one of my favorite bars in Buffalo. Their beer list is incredible and varied, usually featuring big national craft breweries (Sierra Nevada, New Belgium) and also local favorites like Community Beer Works and Southern Tier. The prices are in lines with what you would expect for good beers, but you can also simply order a Labatt or Molson if you're in the mood for something lighter. The food never disappoints either. They have the brilliant option to add five wings to any meal, which is great if you just want a taste. If you come in on a weekend night and get a table, expect it to be kind of loud, as the bar area fills up quickly.
We ordered the hangover burger med rare. Came out med well. Another guest ordered breakfast panini it came without cheese. food was sent back to have cheese added. They slopped a slice of American on it....never melted it. Food took 42 minutes from ordering. Service was decent but never will be back EVER again. Server did nothing to comp any food when the panini wasn't even touched. When a customer complains about food, a manager should be involved immediately and should handle the situation without the server saying "I'll slap the kitchen help" this place is run horribly.
This is where you go for all your cheap clothing needs. It used to be called "Kohl's" but only make up artists could remember the spelling of the store name. OK, I can't back any of that up. A really beautiful girl who is a good friend of mine named Stefaney, took me here, when I was stranded in the area and my car had stopped working. Thank you so much Stefaney, you are the best. It will not be forgotten. Except for the name of the place. Which I did forget, for the longest time. But it finally came to me and here is the review. The food was okay. The company was excellent. I don't remember this place at all, for all I know I didn't even get a burger, so how can I even review it? Good question. No seriously, I know I did get a burger, and I know I found it to be average. I'll need to go back and try the place again at some point to get a better idea of it. Back to my friend, she is gorgeous and if I was reviewing her I'd give a 5/5. Her name is Stefaney. I don't remember the food though. Stefaney if you're reading, I'm naked. And I'm sorry I didn't respond to your text last time when I was on the road. I meant to. I'll make it up to you. I swear. Forgive me. (cries dramatically) (bats eyelashes). Oh wait that was too feminine? Damn it.
Accommodates Large Groups! (and takes reservations!) I've been to Cole's twice with two big groups (8+). We called ahead both times. In one instance, we called ahead for 10 and they gave us a table for eight and were concerned that we were pulling up chairs. The other time, they seated us in the loft.  The loft is a great, large space. Again, not enough chairs for the number requested but we took care of it. I wouldn't use the loft in the summer as the space is quite a bit warmer (temperature) than the rest of the restaurant. Outdoor seating! Love their patio, if you can score a table out there. Elmwood Ave. certainly provides dinner entertainment. When sitting on the patio, they were adamant about not sitting five people at a round-table (in spite of there being five chairs) because of something having to do with spreading people out for the servers. Parking! Unlike so many of the places on Elmwood where you have to rely exclusively on street parking, there is a P2P lot behind the restaurant. Accessible from Forest Ave, west of Elmwood. This P2P takes cash or card. Delicious! Food is great. American staples with some fancy twists. I love and recommend the duck-burger. These are my second-favorite cheesy-bacon french fries (with buttermilk ranch) in Buffalo. Beer selection! A large, rotating, seasonal, and regional selection of beers. They currently (April 2014) have the Game of Thrones beer, if you are on the hunt. I don't watch the show, but the brew is pretty delicious. Why just A-OK? Cole's is fine. It's A-OK for a casual meal. But it's loud. Always. Inconsistent experiences with large-groups and seating in-general. The service is fine, but it's NOT stellar. I once asked a server what IPAs they had on draft and the server had to go ask. A little dirty due to the fact that it's a bar and a hot-spot for the young-20's crowd late nights and on weekends.
Cole's never disappoints. I've never had a bad meal here! I haven't been here for Sunday brunch in years, but they used to have $2 all you can drink champagne - they do get you on the OJ if you want a mimosa, so we used to just order a 1/2 carafe of OJ and added it to our champagne ourselves. I prefer just a splash anyway so it was better than having them make it for me. Also, you're at the mercy of the waitress since they can pretty much charge however much they want for an estimated amount of OJ, which usually offsets the cheap champagne prices. Onto the food - I've ordered burgers, chicken sandwiches, wings, and various dinner dishes and I've always enjoyed everything. One of my favorites is the chicken bruschetta sandwich, and the ahi tuna dinner. The dinner entrees all come with either soup or salad - the salad is great as they use fresh ingredients and have an amazing balsamic dressing!!! I've also had various appetizers and again they were all very delicious, especially the spinach artichoke dip and the stuffed peppers! I'm not a beer drinker but they are pretty well known for a large selection of beers on tap, so you're sure to find one you like! I also enjoy the outdoor seating when the weather is nice...though I'm not a huge fan of the view of bums asking for change or people smoking at the bar next door (the smoke travels over). The prices are ok. Definitely not cheap for "pub" food but not outrageously expensive like Pano's across the street. I would definitely come here more often if parking wasn't impossible to find!
It's THE Buffalo restaurant establishment. The layout is unique and refreshing, even if it's crowded in certain areas at times. It's part of the charm. I mean, it's essentially been set up as it is since 1934. It'd be a shame if they were to mess with it. I like the fact that you get a different kind of experience every time you visit. Anyway, they have great food, including the best burgers in town, and they often have some items that will pleasantly surprise you on the special list. The quality of their food has come a long way and now is on par with their tremendous beer list. They have 36 beers on tap and an extensive bottle list. It's definitely among the best beer bars in Western New York. I should mention that I worked there a couple of years ago, but everything that I said is completely sincere.
Not sure why this has a lower rating than I expected. I've been here several times and I am always completely satisfied. They have great service even when it is very busy. I've seen people complain about noise in their reviews and I think that should be expected when dining at a restaurant that offers a full bar and a social atmosphere. Now for the food. I've had two of their specials along with many of their burgers. My favorite so far has been the Jiffy burger which is usually on their specials menu. I've also had their pierogi which were excellent. I will also RAVE about their french onion crock. Do not leave Cole's without ordering their french onion soup. It is the best I've ever had.
I've been going here for years, and I can never remember a time I really enjoyed being at Cole's. The layout of the place is the big issue, and what I hear others complain about most too... The setup is basically two large rooms side by side. However, the room with the bar is awkwardly divided (essentially making a bar hallway) to allow room for booth seating. If the food (mediocre at best) was the big draw then this would make sense, but it's not. On very rare occasion have I seen it packed for food service. The other room, as well as the 2nd and 3rd floors, can definitely function as the restaurant. The BAR is definitely the most popular and crowded area. But, because of the poorly placed divider, it is always such a hassle to find a good spot to order a drink. So, your options are 1. push your way through the sardine packed bar (hallway) or 2. walk around the booth area to hopefully find an opening where you can politely makeshift some elbow room. With the demand for brewskies high, and the room to enjoy them low... I'm asking you, please "Mr. Cole's, Tear Down This Wall!"
Cole's is a relatively unassuming restaurant from the outside, however the decor inside is eclectic and intriguing.  There are carousel horses and sports items of early to mid 1900's fashion in the dimly light main area of the pub.  In the new addition, there is plenty of natural light due to many windows, creepy sconces of monkeys reading, and giant black boards with plenty of beer options. I ordered the duck burger off of the daily menu and was floored.  This isn't an item you should alter in any way because the duck itself was lightly salted and lacked flavor.  However, the herbed goat cheese and the cranberry mostarda worked off of each other to highlight the tart elements of each.  The sweetness of the cranberries and the warmth of the duck fat toned this sour to a mild, while the red pepper flakes in the mostarda beckoned your attention in subtle spice during the aftertaste.  I recommend leaving the tomato and pickle on the side of the plate, but utilize the lettuce.  The fries were generally agreeable, reminiscent of Long Island diner fries.  Light in total, but crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside.
Coles has such a special place in my heart, many wonderful brunch memories here, but sad to say its gone down hill a little over the last few years. They have bottomless mimosa spcial which is awesome, but lately the service has been pretty poor, they havent been giving me bread baskets and the mimosas tasted like watery orange juice.... Im a simple person, give me these three things and Im a happy girl It could have been a fluke, but it has prevented me from coming back in quite some time.
I went to Cole's on Saturday and was reminded why I don't go to Cole's.  It was my cousin's birthday so I was meeting a group of people out around 930-10ish.  I didn't eat here, so this is not a review for the food. This place is set up horribly.  By 10 o'clock, I couldn't walk, move, or access the bar, let a lone hear the person next to me speaking.  The space between the bar and the half wall separating the booths is too small, too cramped, and too crowded.  EVERYONE stands here.  While this area restricts any type of normal movement, the remainder of the restaurant area were the booths are, lie empty.  It would make immense sense to remove the wall dividing that particular area and open up the bar space.  It would still leave plenty room for the booths.  It doesn't make sense that on a busy Saturday night only a quarter of Cole's in being used, as everyone is packed in like sardines. My tip:  Stay away from this place or make best friends with whoever is lucky enough to get a spot at the bar; they will be the ones you are begging to order drinks for you all night.
I love Cole's. Sure it's cheesy, loud, sometimes impossible to read what the hell they have on draft, and really awkward and narrow up by the bar, but the place has charm and quality products. Win! I've been to Cole's at all hours - weekday nights, weekdays, weekend days, weekend nights. Varying levels of crowdedness. I've hever had serious difficulty obtaining a drink. You just have to know where to position yourself and how to make some eye contact. If it's too overwhelming by the door, I'll cut through the dining room around to the other side of the bar to order, because there's usually less people down at the end by the men's bathroom. The selection of beer, and the pricing, are remarkable. From IPAs to barleywines to porters to seasonal ales, this place has the gammut covered and you can't be a beer lover in Buffalo and not go here. As for the food, it's excellent and very reasonably priced. The beef on weck is great, and everything from salads to burgers to french onion soup have been good. No, we're not talking gourmet food, but we're talking decent pub food. And when you just want to chill out and drink some good beer and watch a few football games, isn't that all you want? Tried the Clancy sandwich yesterday - shaved roast beef with melted provolone on toasted garlic bread with au jus dipping sauce on the side. It was awesome. I only ate half of it because I split it, but I could have eaten a whole one. It was the bread -- toasted on the inside on a grill - that made it fantastic. Highly recommended sandwich. Cole's is great for large parties too. I was there last year with a party of 15 and they handled it like champs. There's also an upstairs private function room. In all, a great restaurant, beer bar and sports bar in Buffalo. Basically an institution after all these years. Christmas Eve here is...wait for it...legendary!
Cole's is always a good time for twenty somethings. It's a somewhat collegiate looking (and feeling) bar with a great menu and cheap drinks. Besides Ladies night and Trivia night, I really enjoy going to Cole's for brunch. Despite this being a random bar on Elmwood, the hollandaise sauce is actually really good. It's the perfect combination savory, rich and buttery with just a slight tang and kick of pepper. REALLY GOOD!!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!
This is a great bar by Buffalo State College. It has been rated the best burger in Buffalo and best bar in the Buffalo Art Voice. Great beer selection but the drinks and food are a bit more expensive.
This was my first Cole's experience and I have never had a worse pulled pork sandwich in my life. Bbq sauce was cheap something like a sweet baby rays, too much of it on the bun not on the meat which was way too fatty. I will try other things but for anyone in the Elmwood area go to globe if you want good pulled pork.
"I just need some space!" -The girl who ends up breaking up with you **************************************************­*********************** Cole's is a great place. They've taken the idea of a bar/restaurant and expanded it in a variety of ways and have done so successfully over a long period of time. An elderly lady recently was telling about how the young people in her day would go to Cole's on Wednesday nights to find their date for the weekend. Even today they are still attracting the young crowd and the old crowd alike, the former with great beer and atmosphere, the latter with great food. As I read other reviews on Cole's, I felt that they were unfair and fair at the same time. Their complaints are very akin to the girl breaking up with you. She says you talk too much. Is that true? Yes. Is it a bad character trait for you? Possibly - or it could be that you are just a very outgoing person and you actually excel at that. It just happens to annoy her. Is it fair for her to break up with you? Yes. Is it fair for her to tell her you suck as a person? Not at all. Reasons why people have broken up with Cole's: It's too loud sometimes. Fair - it does get unusually loud here late at night. This is a reflection of how successful Cole's is though. And you can't just chalk it up to their location on Elmwood. Mister Goodbar has an identical location but I have never seen it as crowded. They have a great late-night atmosphere, a plethora of specialty beers, and can make you nice mixed drinks as well. There's not enough space at the bar. Fair - it is very hard to maneuver in the bar area especially with the partition sandwiching you in. This is part of the challenge of any bar but it's very fair to say this challenge is exacerbated by the interior design of the bar. They could make humorous instructional videos on how to combat this issue. My solution has always been to clear the way for a lady friend and once I get her to the bar, let her do the ordering. Everyone knows most bartenders give ladies a little more attention. There is a certain point though at which you have to be willing to wait. Chat up your lady friend or awkwardly look for something you distract you on your smartphone if that's your thing. The fact that the crowded atmosphere doesn't keep people away is only further proof though that Cole's is succeeding as an establishment. Their food is average. This is a stretch - they do offer items common to bar/restaurants and things like their fries are relatively average. I feel like they take those traditional bar/restaurant menu items and doctor them up in unique ways. Exhibit A: their burgers. Last time I was here, I was vacillating between a duck burger with creamy goat cheese and spicy chipotle ketchup and a brat burger on a salted pretzel roll with German potato salad. I ordered the duck burger - they mistakenly brought me the brat burger - the brat burger and potato salad had me salivating to the point where I almost didn't send it back (something I never hesitate to do). My parents had NY Strip steak (something on the nicer end of bar/restaurant food) and their steaks were nothing short of amazing. I tasted my dad's steak and it tasted like something you would get at a high-end restaurant. Succulent, juicy, beyond flavorful, and cooked to order perfectly. I could go on but I close in saying that I actually get excited to go to Cole's because of the unique menu options. Conclusion. Cole's is vibrant, unique bar/restaurant. There's a reason why she draws more consistent attention than the other girls who live on the same street. Call her mediocre, complain about her, and even break up with her in a tiff. You will only be providing me, and others who love her, with a shorter wait time when we go. If you want a nice, quiet meal, I wouldn't recommend Cole's. If you want to eat killer bar/restaurant food with unique spins, try a new beer you've never heard of before, and don't mind a little noise, this is the place. It's what Cole's tries to excel at and what they do excel at. That's why she gets five stars.
Cole's is Cole's... If you spent any of your undergraduate (or perhaps high school years for some of you rebels!) years in Buffalo, you probably spent at least one drunken night stopping at Cole's. Last night, it was so loud in the bar side of the building that after a couple of hours, I felt disoriented. After a delicious purple haze beer too of course (it was very good!)... I'm old now, and ear drum busting loudness and drinking aren't what they were 10 years ago... Met a small group here for Geeks Who Drink trivia night. It was actually a lot of fun! I recommend trying it out some Wednesday with a few people- preferably who know a good deal about sports, music, movies, and other random pop culture. We all had something to add to the table which was cool and good reason to have a diverse group of teammates! I didn't order any food, but the menu looks good. I was particularly intrigued by both the poutine and the ahi tuna nachos on the menu. The dessert beers sounded intriguing as well. I love a tasty lambic! Without trying any of the food, I can't judge but next time I drop in for trivia, I'll make sure I don't eat dinner before hand so I can indulge in something delicious sounding on the menu.
Love this local watering hole- especially on Sundays. The food is very good, the staff is always friendly, and the atmosphere is Buffalo! Definitely worth checking out, but I'm sure you already have.
Cole's has a fun atmosphere - then again, I've only ever been to it during Wednesday night trivia. They have a wide selection of beers and their food is pretty good as well. I had a black and bleu burger, which was made well - though perhaps not the best burger I've had, it definitely hit the spot.The service has always been good when I've gone, even during the craziness of trivia night. I definitely recommend coming here during trivia night with a couple of friends, especially if you've had a pretty dull Wednesday night, just to spice things up a bit. Some of the trivia is catered to a slightly older generation (being a 90s kid myself), so make sure you have a few people from every generation on your team if you want a shot at winning. If you are in Elmwood, give Cole's a shot.
Okay.  Pricey.  Service can be iffy.  At least they're consistent on food.
Love this place.  Great selection of beers on tap and their fish and chips are the bomb!
I've lived in Buffalo my entire life and Coles is a staple for my friends and family. Ive gone there for a few beers wirh friends and I've gone to parties in their banquet rooms and I've never been disappointed.
Noise level is incredibly loud in the restaurant. Almost painfully so.  The food is really good, the beer selection is spectacular, I would highly recommend it for a group of people proficient in sign language -- what a blast it would be. Otherwise, maybe you'll luck out, or we just got unlucky the couple times we were there.  It's a good location, really good food, good service, and AWESOME beer selection.
My husband and I have been here several times to eat and drink. This place is good so lets get right to it. Pros: -small but substantial menu (burgers are good, fancier dishes are good as well) must try the ahi tuna salad and the calamari! -wide beer choice (although a little more than other joints) -music is good (its oldies, like 50/60s hits which I LOVE!) -never had terrible service, always good and if anything ever (food given to another table by accident) happened they were apologetic (which honestly is what people want if a mistake happens because shit happens!) or they took it off the bill -they're pretty good about not serving minors so I've never seen any 19 year olds being a pain -good people watching because a bunch of different types go here Cons: -Once while sitting near the windows (winter time) it was cold so ask for another table Definitely worth a stop for dinner and drinks. Food is definitely better caliber than chain restaurants!
Great bar atmosphere.  Loud and busy in all of the right ways. Terrific beer selection and a huge menu. Service can be slow at times but the place is often packed (for good reason).  Bring friends, buy drinks and then stay for dinner.
Great menu and a vast selection of beers in a relaxed, pub-style environment. You can be surrounded by dark wood and quirky Buffalo memorabilia in the "bar" side of the venue or opt to sit on the dining room side, which is spacious and bright--with a conservatory-style glass front facing out on to Elmwood Avenue. The gastro-pub (ish) menu generally offers familiar favorites with an upscale twist. You will definitely find wings and cheeseburgers, but also a duck burger with goat cheese and local veggies, an asparagus-fontina panini, and and lobster BLT. For VEGETARIANS, I recommend the stuffed pepper parmesan sandwich ($10)--a crusty roll topped with cheese-stuffed, bread hot peppers and marinara sauce. (Tip: Wear a shirt you're not in love with; this one gets messy.) A Caprese panini and a variety of delicious salads are also available. Around the holiday season, this is my top pick for a Tom & Jerry--delicious, hot, frothy, and brandy-licious (or, I guess, rum-tastic).
Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer! Yes...that's why I'm here. I came into Buffalo from Canada to pick up some bottles but had an evening free. I tried to find a place downtown but they were all closed. So I decided to head up Elmwood and chanced upon Coles. Wow. What a selection...there were 40 taps, with most of them being craft, with some standouts I've never seen on tap, like Goose Island Sophie. The bartender was friendly, quick, and helpful and the crowd was friendly and I really enjoyed my time here. I hear the food is good, but I didn't get a chance to try it...too bad. Whenever I'm in Buffalo, I'll make a point to come to Coles for some beer and hopefully try out the food menu.
Cole's is an old-school Buffalo establishment that has, in recent years, become the go to beer bar in the city. Yes, you can go to Hardware or Fat Bob's and find very good beer. Yes, you can even (gasp) go next door to Goodbar and find beer that isn't crappy. Still, there is no other place in Buffalo that has such a wide variety, meant to cater to people who either know what they like and have discerning tastes, or people who are honestly curious about the beer world beyond Yuengling, Labatt or Bud Light. They always have a number of very good beers on tap, and they constantly rotate new beers in to keep things fresh and interesting for the seasoned boozer. Cole's also has, on occasion, various beer tastings and other beer related events that bring together boozers of all stripe. One of the things I love about this place is the diversity of the crowd - salt and pepper, if not straight up salt, OG's who have been getting drinks there for decades, college aged proto-beer snobs getting their first sips of the good stuff, white collar types, beer hippies, et cetera. I hear there is a restaurant here too, but I wouldn't know!! Just kidding. I've eaten here before on a number of occasions and haven't absolutely hated it. I dig their burgers. My one complaint as a customer at the bar is that I don't have 110%, absolute rock-solid confidence in the bar staff. I don't believe every one of them knows the beer that Cole's serves. I suppose when I'm at a real beer bar, I expect the staff to know what their customers are drinking. I'm looking for a certain level of expertise, some level of beer education. This isn't a universal complaint, as they do have some good bartenders. Still, I trust my own judgment more and probably always will. Don't let that bit of awful snobbery on my part bother you. Seriously, this is the best beer bar in the city, that is until Blue Monk opens and Buffalo *finally* gets a bar where you are served your beverage in the proper glass!!
A great pub with an excellent section of drinks, delicious food and a cozy atmosphere. Cole's is a great place to hang out with friends, stop in for lunch and has some of the most amazing burgers that Buffalo has to offer. I recently had the pot-roast burger and my mind was absolutely blown as my taste buds exploded with delicious flavor. Their burgers really do inspire that sort of passion. After reading some of other reviews, I can't wait to come back and try some of the other burgers as well (Huey Loui Andouille? yes please!). Protip: ask to substitute the fries for a German Potato Salad. It is also one of the most delicious potato salads I have ever tasted. And for those that don't know, a German Potato Salad is not cold and does not have a mayo-base. Instead, hot potatoes are coated in a delicious beef broth with bits of bacon on top. Yum. With some great menu options and a decent atmosphere, Cole's is a great place for a lunch, dinner or to just drop in after work. You'll find a lot of Buffalo locals here, with the lunch crowd being particularly older than the night time crowd. You can choose to sit at the bar or walk to the adjacent dining room area, which has some great natural lighting when it's sunny. Not a bad place to people watch either.
I went to Cole's for essentially a pre job interview dinner. Basically it was an abbreviated menu and I didn't foot the bill so I can't say anything about the prices. That said, I ended up getting the jalapeno, chicken, and cream cheese wantons as an appetizer. They were delicious and the only downside to them was that you only got three wontons. They were good and crispy and served in a sweet and spicy sauce that complimented the jalapenos and cream cheese very well. For an entree I had the pot roast sandwich. "Wow" is what I have to say about that. Honestly it had never occurred to me before to put a well cooked tender pot roast on a nice bun and call it a day (there was technically a horseradish mayo served with it, but I don't like horseradish so I omitted it). The meat itself, if not perfectly cooked, was pretty darn close and the drippings that soaked into the bun seasoned the whole sandwich in that subtlely great way that the au jus on a beef on weck does. Once I started eating it I couldn't put it down, good manners be darned. Other than that the fries were good, though underseasoned and the service was adequate for a large party (about 15 people). My coffee was never empty very long and no finished plate stayed by a diner more than a few minutes. My only criticism was that the entree really could have used a side salad or coleslaw, something fresh and chilled to contrast the warm sandwich and fries. We had the option to substitute the appetizer for a salad but then you don't get an appetizer and who wants that? Perhaps it was just because of the limited menu, I guess I'll just have to go back another time and order off the regular menu.
I really like this place.  I haven't had any food here that is truly spectacular, but certainly above average.  French Onion soup is really good.  I had a gumbo pasta once that was way too spicy for my liking, I expected spice but not nearly that much. They have one of the biggest, if not the biggest, beer lists in Buffalo.   On weekends it does get extremely crowded around the bar, but I don't mind that too much.
This place is an Elmwood staple, an old-man bar that seems to draw an all-ages crowd -- perhaps because they're working hard to serve customers well and stay relevant on a hipster-fying strip. Last time I visited, we had a GIANT party of family members and friends, and they seated us without issue, even finding an extra table and chairs for a few latecomers so we could all sit together. So nice! I also had a friend with me from out-of-town, and when she wasn't mowing down on her first beef on weck (so delicious here!), she was staring at the decor: old posters, signs and carousel horses mounted above the booths. Love it! Cole's doesn't appear to have brunch on Saturdays, or at least they're not sellin' it very hard, because we only received the lunch menu at around noon on a Sat. That said, the lunch menu is solid, with a nice mix of the expected (burgers), the twists-on-an-old-staple (stuffed banana peppers with marinara), and the whoa-that-is-actually-a-brilliant-idea (lamb burgers with feta and arugula, "banh mi" pork burgers with ginger, scallions and pickled vegetables). I do wish they had more interesting salads, and maybe more than one kind of tea, but this is obviously not a health-food restaurant. And this is Buffalo, so even at midday on a weekend, the most popular beverage was craft beer, coming out mostly in sample-paddle form from the bar. However, I gotta say, I was tempted!
I've come here a couple times, and it's always been good. This last time I came here, it was the best time. We came here when they were running an unadvertised special on Southern Tier beer where you got to keep your glass from them. My boyfriend got 2 pumpkings and I got a mocha, both were good. We ordered dinner. I got the pacific beach burger and he got the bahn mi burger. I didn't try his because I was too busy stuffing my face with mine. It was very delicious. Our waitress was awesome, and service was fast all around. I can't wait to go back.
I've never been here for the bar scene or for dinner so I can't speak to that. Brunch is a different story. I searched long and hard all over Buffalo for hollandais sauce that didn't make me gag. I found it here. My crew and I used to come here almost every Sunday at around 12:30 (The trick is to get there before 1PM, that's when it gets crowded), drink Bloody Marys and eat crab cakes benedict. Heaven! The service is a little slow. I think they take ahhh... smoke breaks in the back because periodically every single waitress, bartender and busboy completely disappear. But it's worth the wait, the food is delicious!
To me, Cole's encapsulates the "Elmwood vibe" perfectly. Their bar area is great fun to be in (nice architecture) and the beer list is varied, extensive, and fairly priced. Always a wait whenever we go and the bar is always crowded, but we're still serviced swiftly and with courtesy by the friendly bartenders. Food is absolutely amazing, as well. I always make it a point to get the Crabcake Po' Boy. Crabcakes are huge and flavorful and the roll is always fresh. Other appetizers (Buffalo shrimp, Chicken finger rolls, etc) are fantastic, as well. I know that Cole's and Brennan's are under the same umbrella, but I'd choose Cole's over the latter any day of the week, easily.
Now that I don't live in Buffalo I always remember the food. Seriously you may or may not know what your missing but I'm missing the food. UGH the FOOD. Cole's is so yummy. The staff has rarely kept our parties waiting. The food comes out hot. I have had the salad to the burger regular and Kobe, french dip mexican taco deep fried things, mimosas, pistachio muffins are the best if you ever are lucky enough to have the option. I hear they are made by some adorable old woman in her house who knows her stuff and way around the kitchen apparently. Atmosphere is loud but its just that kind of place. A place to get together and hang with friends and eat good food. Good portion size. You never leave hungry. the reason its not receiving 5 stars from me is this... The last two times we were there the two beers on the beer list we ordered were not here. AND the sister restaurant Brennan's has a better French dip. Brother's own each restaurant but I do notice some things are better at Brennan's. They do stuff a little differently obviously. GO TO BOTH
Now that I don't live in Buffalo I always remember the food. Seriously you may or may not know what your missing but I'm missing the food. UGH the FOOD. Cole's is so yummy. The staff has rarely kept our parties waiting. The food comes out hot. I have had the salad to the burger regular and Kobe, french dip mexican taco deep fried things, mimosas, pistachio muffins are the best if you ever are lucky enough to have the option. I hear they are made by some adorable old woman in her house who knows her stuff and way around the kitchen apparently. Atmosphere is loud but its just that kind of place. A place to get together and hang with friends and eat good food. Good portion size. You never leave hungry. the reason its not receiving 5 stars from me is this... The last two times we were there the two beers on the beer list we ordered were not here. AND the sister restaurant Brennan's has a better French dip. Brother's own each restaurant but I do notice some things are better at Brennan's. They do stuff a little differently obviously. GO TO BOTH
Hit this place up Friday night after starting happy hour next door at Mister Goodbar. By the time we got there the house was packed and it was wall to wall people but we were still served really quickly at the bar (both shots and beer). My aforementioned (see Mr. Goodbar review) beer snob friends enjoyed the selection here quite a bit and didn't have trouble finding something they wanted to drink. Despite the large crowd the wait for a table was only about 20 minutes, a nice surprise after the quoted 30 or so from the hostess. I was with four other people and we decided to split some appetizers rather than ordering full meals. Everything was delicious and I was pleasantly surprised by the variety of choices on their menu. We chose the Buffalo Egg Rolls, the Baked Artichoke & Spinach Dip and the Pesto & Bruschetta bread. The bread was by far my favorite, but I am a sucker for pesto. Put it on pretty much anything and I'll devour it. I thought it gave a nice light flavor to what could have been a really heavy appetizer. The egg roll was pretty tasty, too - loved the crispy shell and the chicken had just the right amount of kick. The dip was good, but nothing extraordinary - just a solid artichoke spinach dip you could get anywhere. I took one star off because of the noise level, which was REALLY loud. I thought that after we were seated the dining area might be a little less noisy than the bar. I thought wrong. That said, it was the only down side to this place. Nice drink selection, friendly staff, good service and yummy eats. I'll definitely be back!
This place would get 5 stars, no problem, if it was based on beer selection alone.  Huge menu of everything from pale ales to dark lagers, local brews to imports.  I threw back a couple Brooklyn Browns, and had no complaints. Coles has a great location on the little downtown strip along Elmwood with all kinds of other cool bars, restaurants and shops.  The inside is large with plenty of bar and booth seating, along with a few tables on a sidewalk patio.  A very chill place to go with some friends after work, or to hit up with a group as part of a night out. However, spots like Coles are a dime a dozen, whether in Buffalo or anywhere else.  Nothing really bad about it (service was rather slow considering we were just getting drinks, but in their defense they were a little busy at the time) but nothing that stood out as making it a really good time, or that would particularly entice me to come back. Except maybe another cold pint of Brooklyn Brown.
I'll be brief. Food was good...very good for American pub food. Fries are double fried deliciousness. Fish & chips were great, and I could actually taste the Guinness beer batter. Mmm! Now to the ugly, service was pretty terrible. We went for lunch on a Friday, and it took over 2 hours to complete the lunch. We even saw tables leave after not being served for 30-60 minutes. Who knows if it was under staffing or bad service, but it was ridiculous. It's a shame because honestly, the food was enjoyable. However, I cannot return to this place until I know the service is better equipped or more attentive. If the food were piss poor than it would be 1 star...since it was good food I'll be generous and give it 2 stars.
Living on the Elmwood strip for a few years I have tried most places and now only frequent a couple...one of them being Coles.  The main reason we like Coles so much is simply because they usually have a good beer list with plenty of options..and this is the case lately more than ever.  Just this week we went in and loved to see 4-5 IPAs on tap amongst many other great choices.   -The food is solid.  I have had more then a few people tell me their wings are their favorite in the city.  If I was to recommend a wing tour to a Buffalo visitor this would be one the stops and in my opinion much better than the originator of the wing which is the place EVERY tourist goes to.  One my favorite dishes is the Clancy, it's a roast beef sandwich on garlic bread with provolone cheese.  Another is the chicken quesadilla...it's very tasty and plenty of food for one person.  Duck burger is really good, Jiffy burger (burger made with peanut butter) is really good and not as gross as it sounds.  And just so many other options with a specials menu constantly. -My only wish was they'd knock down the row of booths and wall dividing the dining and the bar..it would open up so much space, you could put a couple bar height dining tables in place of the booths so you don't lose business and people would be SO much happier.  When it gets crowded, it is nearly impossible to move around, and that's typically the only complaint I get from friends and family who I have brought there. -I also think they should post their beer menu online updated each day...,st beer places don't do this but I am more inclined to go if I see a list daily. -They have solid food, plenty of choices, their burgers are a big hit amongst most people, one of the best beer menus you will find anywhere in Buffalo, and I have also held private parties here on the third floor..it's really nice and affordable up there too.
Cheers: Outstanding beer board in dining room. Every table is presented with a brew list, excellent descriptions, and BA rankings. A Buffalo legend in terms of their Bloody Marys. Bar area made to look like an alpine lodge. Tap selection has really come around: you can tell they put some thought into it besides just throwing on some taps. Finally some NY brews other than Brooklyn and Flying Bison: Lake Placid, Southern Tier, Middle Ages, and Ellicotville. Thanks!!! Consistent rotating seasonal tap selection. Ever expanding selection of bottles in well displayed microfridge to keep you occupied if the taps don't intrigue you. Bartender is 100 % business, shirt and tie. All regional Brewing News are available here. Fireplace in "garden atrium" room. Servers attentive. Unlimited H2O and coffee refills and they're serious about refilling you. FREE muffins with breakfast. Food is outstanding. Standard Buffalo pub fare, plus some original goodies. Older, more refined crowd during the day, most likely hiding out from spouses or bosses. Younger Canisius College crowd at night. All in all, a well behaved, mild mannered place to spend an evening, where the biggest disagreement that you will see is collar up, or collar down. I spend at least $50 every time I come here, let's just say that you might need to sit down in order to read your credit card statement. Last time I was at Coles, I ran a $120 (with tip) bar tab... great f'ing times! Thanks Mike, Dan, and Joe :) Note: Goodbar and Coles seem to be competing with each other in terms of the number of handles on. Coles is the clear winner in terms of atmosphere, sanitary conditions, and service. My advice: Go to both. Both are filling a well needed niche.
Enjoyed Cole's for dinner the other night.  We got there early so it was pretty quiet.  We were directed to the windowed side of the building and were encouraged to sit at a table, but with a bit of cajoling we were able to get a booth.  I guess they prefer not to seat parties of two at the big booths, but because it was just us and the other early diners (seniors and families with kids and babies) we were able to grab one. We started with the Buffalo Shrimp, which I enjoy, but I find that the sauce is a bit too strong for the delicate taste of the shrimp.  I ordered the Bahn Mi burger which I had been thinking about ever since I first heard it mentioned here on Yelp.  The burger itself was well cooked, and the pickled veggies were nice and refreshing... for it to be closer to a Bahn Mi, however, it needed cilantro and a few jalapeños...  maybe I'll bring my own next time. We also tried the Jiffy Burger, with Bacon and Jiffy Peanut Butter.  I have to say, I was a skeptic, but now a convert... a fundamentalist even.  The peanut butter gave the burger that umami flavor... it is a special right now, so you should go right out and try it.  It will change your life. Now... I just wish they would do handcut fries... I would probably go more regularly if they did.  Where is the suggestion box?
Great sandwiches and burgers. This a great atmosphere to bring friends or go to with a date. It's one of Elmwood's best bars.....not a dump/dive, not a party bar (like Goodbar), and not some pretentious place.
The layout stinks. The service is spotty. It's a bit... dank. And I hate the dining room separate from the bar area. It feels like you've left the pub and entered a diner. Oh, and I also hate places with random things all over the walls. I mean, come on. Be creative. (My apologies if Cole's started this trend, but I doubt it.) That said, Cole's holds a special place in my heart. It offers what remains to this day to be the greatest burger I ever had: the Huey Louie Andouille -- a mix of ground beef and andouille sausage with cheddar cheese, caramelized onions, and remoulade. For me, they don't come close to this one. Let me put it this way -- I still remember every bite as if it were yesterday. In fact, in the days that followed, I held it in such high esteem that, during my next visit to Cole's, my second Huey Louie Andouille fell so short of my ridiculously over-inflated expectations, which had only grown exponentially after my first. The second burger left me disappointed, but the third one brought me back to Earth and was almost as good as the first one. Every subsequent Huey Louie Andouille has been memorable. If God served up burgers, he would serve up the Huey Louis Andouille. Cole's holds a special place in my heart for another reason -- the best date I ever had in my life. This was a different day from that fateful encounter with the Huey Louie Andouille. We ate in the dining room area -- the one that makes you feel like you've left and entered a completely different restaurant. After we finished eating, we headed to the bar area, and we spent 8 hours there. Literally, 8 hours. I've never been in the same bar for 2 hours, let alone 8. Didn't get drunk either; just had a blast. Awesome atmosphere. Incredible beer selection. I'll be coming to Cole's for the rest of my life.
We end up here pretty often because it is so close to our house. There are some things I really like about it. There are tons of beers on tap, they have a decent menu, and they have a nice outdoor patio. I have found the service to be hit or miss and we get different specials depending on who is serving us. I find it weird that no one is ever able to tell me what the drink specials are even though you sometimes see them in the paper. The best deal seems to be Recession Wednesday when the burgers are cheaper. Sometimes the beer is also $1.50 off but that seems to depend on who we order from. I keep ordering food off the special menu so I can't really speak to much to the general menu. I like the salmon sandwich and other fish on the summer menu, but am not a big fan of the crab cake burger (regular menu). The fries are pretty good
Cole's is a fantastic beer bar. If not the biggest, the beer selection...bottled or draft...is high on the list. And they serve only quality domestic and foreign beers. The drafts are mostly american micro-brews, including Southern Tier, Stone, Harpoon, Anchor Steam, and Victory, to name some of the better known selections. They specialize in bottled Belgian beers, which is an entire page in their beer menu.   I'm also a big fan of the food. Their Black & Blue Burger is my standard for this sandwich. For those who don't know, this is a blackened hamburger with chunky blue cheese and a wedge of red pepper. The fries are great too.
This bar, guys. could be awesome. The layout however, for me, leaves a lot to be desired. the bar area is long and narrow, making walking around incredibly difficult, patrons are forced to push their way through. The beer selection is awesome, the bartenders know their stuff but are, in my experience, always in a hurry and can't always make time to make suggestions or help you out. pros- Always busy, with young fun people. bartenders are knowledgable cons- Layout leads to an environment of hostility to get service/ talk. Advice, if it doesnt seem packed- go in have a great time at a cool place. If it is packed, stay away, go to one of the other places nearby i
Pretty average pub grub. great, but pricey beer list. Service...eh..not so great. Location, Location, location. That's what Cole's really has going for itself. This place has been a staple on Elmwood for decades. After multiple tries i question it's longevity. Typical selection of bar food ala burgers, salads and sammies. I've tried a variety of different options over the years and am always left wanting more. the food isn't terrible, it's just so typical. I've never been wow'd by anything i've had. Always acceptable, never exceptional. One thing that does make me happy about Cole's is their extensive beer list. Arguably one of the best in the city. They do a sampler of 4-5 different beers, which is nice. They are a little on the expensive side for craft beers in the city. One complaint is that they don't update their tap list often enough, so many times the keg will be kicked on your beer of choice. Central location keeps this place afloat....it's not the wait staff. most times it seems like you are inconveniencing them to wait on you. It's your Job!! That's what you get paid for. Sorry to end on a rant like this, but their service could really use some work.
Amazing burgers and sides. Probably one of the best burgers in buffalo. And they have an enormous beer selection. On the down side there are a pretty good amount of servers there that are not great. There are some good but not many. Almost every time we go they get our drink orders wrong or they are made incorrectly. So incorrectly where we didn't even have to taste them to tell they were messed up. We still go all the time because the food is so good though. It's definitely worth it for quality delicious food but not for the service.
Cole's on Elmwood (not the Cole's in LA) was a former hangout of mine.  The bartenders sniffed coke, they had a fine selection of beer.  The ladies were all hot, and conversation always revolved around college, the Sabres, work, the Bills, or drinking stories.  I met my friends here a lot when I lived around the corner, so it was sentimental.  Also, they have banners from every college...even Purdue was there!  (Boiler Up!)  They made special drinks for the holidays, and always were fast with beer and mixed drinks. The food here is normal post-irish-pub food, similar to their sister pub in Clarence, Brennan's.  Their patio and extended restaurant area (not in the bar) was very nice, espically for a brunch or lunch with the family.  Watching Sabres games during the playoffs here were intense, and everyone celebrated.  Also, if you want to pick someone up, this place is a likely place to do so...if you like that type of thing.  Five Stars!
Oh Cole's! Aside from dropping in for a random drink before getting tattooed and grabbing food, I can't stand the bar area on a weekend. Great, well, fantastic beer selection. I have ordered food here numerous times and never been disappointed. I like sitting on the patio during summer to people watch.
Cole's is a quintessential Times Square, New York City-style Irish pub, replete with ample seating, a jumbo-sized menu, and enough beer choices to intrigue.  Situated at the head of the Elmwood strip, its location means that people who just happen to be in the neighborhood will always stop on by.  A visit to Cole's isn't out of the way of anything.  It's on the way to so much. Like those pubs in Times Square, Cole's knows that it has a virtually endless client base.  Like those pubs in Times Square, Cole's knows that all it has to do is maintain the status quo it has upheld for decades to maintain a steady profit.  Like those pubs in Times Square, Cole's has no incentive to vigilantly guard the quality of the food it serves, has no incentive to focus on the customer service experience.  So it doesn't.  So it stays the same, and it fails. Service-wise, Cole's is a mess.  If arriving for dinner, you must first determine which of the girls loitering near a podium is the actual hostess.  (Sometimes, this question seems to confuse them as well.)  If a wait is required, be sure to provide both first and last name, and be sure to wait close to the podium (rather than at the bar).  The hostesses at Cole's seem to have an astounding ability to forget the likenesses of customers.  If arriving for drinks, I should add, you may have to knock other patrons over in order to be served.  Cole's is by no means busy compared to even moderately busy neighborhood bars in New York, Dallas, San Francisco, and so forth, but the bartenders are incredibly inefficient, ambling helter skelter like headless chickens.  Be warned -- should you manage to successfully secure a seat at the bar, a table, or a booth, your wait for food will likely be long.  My two most recent waits at Cole's were 44 minutes (for burgers at 2:00 PM, well after the Sunday brunch rush had ended) and 36 minutes (for a salad on a Wednesday night at 7:00 PM).   Food-wise, the only word I can think of in reference to Cole's is "meh."  Burgers, wings, fries, chicken sandwiches, salads, and other pub stables are roughly T.G.I. Friday's caliber.  Out of the box options (i.e. the Andouille burger) are borderline atrocious.  I suppose none of this would be a problem if it weren't for 1) the Elmwood markup on all of their menu items and 2) their local reputation for excellent pub fare.  You'd be better off heading across the street to the Blue Monk for Elmwood-priced fare or visiting a Grover's, a Vizzi's, a Gene McCarthy's, or so on for cheaper food and a better experience.   Beer-wise, Cole's does offer one of the better beer line-ups in Buffalo, but the price points are high, and I have reservations about the quality of their facilities.  Specifically, I wonder how often they clean their taps.  Some of the craft beers that they do serve that I am more intimately familiar with, Goose Island and Ithaca in particular, lacked the distinct taste I had come to love when served at beer Meccas in New York.  (Parenthetically, the Chimay tasted fine.  Maybe it's the shorter run/rarer items?) So would I recommend Cole's?  No way.  Will I expect people to end up there anyway?  Probably.  After all, it is sitting right at the head of Elmwood Avenue.
I have mixed feelings about Cole's. As a restaurant, it's on point. I like the ambiance, a sort of gothic Wizard of Oz/library theme (anyone?) in the restaurant. I was overwhelmed by the three menus on my table (for me alone!), in a good way. So much food and great beer to choose from. Caters to the picky eater, the meat lover, the beer connoisseur, and the guy who just wants a Labatt's. I'm always happy with the restaurant. The downside, for me, is the bar itself. I could never stand being here for a night out because of the layout. It's so hard to move around and so loud. I just don't "get it."  At least the location is convenient and it seems less scary than J.P. Bullfeather's, a place I have yet to step foot into based on window shopping alone.
Cole's has become our go-to place.  As everyone mentions, it has a great beer list (they're very good about letting you taste before ordering).   If I have something bad to say about it, it's that at times there service is glacial.  I once waited almost 90 minutes for lunch to come out.  Granted, it was a nice day and we had beer so it wasn't that bad, but it wasn't the greatest thing from a work standpoint.   My favorite menu item has to be the Buffalo Shrimp: shrimp battered, fried, and sauced.
Go to Coles for the beer selection. Every time I want a good micro draft, I come to Coles. The selections seem to change almost daily. I found my favorite beer here last week, Avery the Maharaja, it is only available this summer, so go check it out! Beware, some of the beers approach $10/pint. The food here is pretty good for a bar. It is by no means a "gastro-pub" (which Buffalo desperately needs). The burgers are always great (I don't bother with the "Kobe", not a discernible difference between the normal). The rest is pretty mediocre, honestly. But who cares, come here for the beer, burgers, and wings.
Ok people, here's what I have to say about Cole's. In one word. WoW. Yes boys and girls. Another success story in our beloved city of buffalove. I went there for brunch. Wasn't even that hungry. I ordered the salad with grilled chicken and grapes and walnuts and fresh greens. Yum. Everything Was absolutely fresh and yummy. No bruised dead veggies. Walnuts fresh and tasty. Grapes crisp and carefully cut. Dressing tasty. The service friendly and fast. She listened carefully and got my order exactly the way I wanted with a pleasant smile. My uncle ordered the southwest scrambled eggs.  Also ver good. Our drinks were fantastic. Gotta have bloody Mary for bruch right?! I will definitely be back. Good job Cole's. U R 4.5 stars. :)
I'm in agreement with lots of other reviewers, the service is spotty at best and can really ruin your evening here if you're in a hurry or expecting great service. If you have time and don't mind hopping up to the bar for a drink or two while waiting, Cole's is a great time. Extensive beer list, solid menu with lots of choices, and comfy wooden seating. I LOVE in the warmer months (or March when it hits 68) when they open up the giant garage door wall and bring the outdoors in. I've had lots of trouble here with various promotions, so if you're showing up with a certificate or other discount that you're counting on, check on it with your server before you order.
When I usually come here it's pretty crowded, and the way the restaurant area splits off makes it difficult to stand anywhere near the bar. If you are going to come here you should do it when it's less busy to get a seat or spot before the crowd gets here. Tuesday's is ladies night with specials as usual. The people who frequent here are nice people and the bar staff is quick and helpful as well as nice. If you're looking to see some Buffalo Sabres this is the place to do it, especially on Tuesday night when Derek Roy would frequent here every Tuesday with his brother. After the Sabres lost this past season they all met here on a Tuesday before heading out to their respected hometowns. That was a truly epic night going upstairs in their party and drinking with them, fun times. The food here is pretty good, I'll be honest that I have only ate here a few times but it wasn't bad food at all, and the prices are respectable. Check the place out, if you get there at the right times you'll have a good time, if not you're better off trying again on a different night or earlier next time. Have fun! Cheers!
Great local food in a great buffalo neighborhood. Recommend the pumpkin ale on draft - great way to get ready for fall. Will always go back !
Besides the time I went there on my 20th birthday, met my father's colleagues and lied to them and told them I was turning 25... which my father corrected for me the next day on the telephone... I dont have too many memories of this place. I ate here a couple times and the food was decent... very similar to every other bar slash restaurant in the world. The bar scene wasn't my favorite. I was never a huge fan of the Elmwood night life area but I guess I ve never been a fan of bars/dive bars with makeshift dance floors. What's the place next to Coles? They had a makshift dancefloor and a musty smell.
I always want to like Cole's more than I actually do.  Let's take tonight for an example: Our wait for a table for five was about 15 minutes.  Not too bad at a very popular restaurant during the week between Christmas and New Year's. Waitress came fairly promptly.  But then she didn't seem super knowledgeable about the menu.  They have a relatively extensive beer menu, which is actually really good.  Not like the best I've ever seen - but maybe the best I've seen in Buffalo.  Lots of European beers, even if they are mostly bottled.  Love it. However, the waitress didn't seem to know the beer selection that well.  I asked for a rather specific German weisse - and she wrote it down to the letter so she could go look up whether they had it.  They didn't - which is fine, but shouldn't you update the beer menu?  When I asked if she had any other light German beers, she recommended La Fin du Monde, which is a good beer but such an obvious selection.  And not German.  Oh, well.  Still yummy.  And I understand it's winter, so heavier beers are stocked more. I ordered a Greek lamb burger for my meal, which comes with olives - I don't like olives.  When I asked if I could get it without olives, she wasn't sure how it was prepared.  Turns out you can get it without olives (yea!).  I was about to get chicken wings at this point, which is delicious, yes, but like... not what I wanted at that minute.  Whatever.  The lamb burger was delicious!  Like probably the best thing I've ever gotten there. If only it hadn't taken so long to get to the table... The point here is: Cole's is good.  It's a fun place to go with friends for a drink if you don't mind crowds. The food is solid, but it takes a while to get to you - like, seriously, way too long of a wait, always, every. single. time. The beer selection is very good - if they have what you want. The prices are a little too high - but not astronomical. Cole's just thinks it's fancier than it actually is.  It's good and easy to find parking for, but... not my favorite location.
Wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiide craft beer selection (price goes up along with deliciousness though), old local sports memorabilia, gotta love Cole's.  Something about that calamari with that honey mustard is just delightful.  Saw a review about the French Onion Soup being awesome, its pretty good but I'm still waiting for some 5 star French Onion in Buffalo.
THIS REVIEW IS FOR BRUNCH ONLY! I really, really hate to give them this 2 star review, because I have been here many times for dinner, and their tasty burgers and beer warrant a solid 4/5.  But this brunch experience was just not good. We got there right when they opened at 11, but stupidly forgot that you can't serve alcohol in NYS until noon, so we didn't get to have the $10 bottomless mimosa special, which is partially the reason we decided to come here.  Anyway, I ordered the eggs benedict, because I am trying to find the best eggs benedict in Buffalo.  Let me tell you, this is NOT it. When the plate came out, it looked good, but sadly, it was not very pleasant.  The english muffin was REALLY hard to cut.  The bottom was so tough, that I was sawing at it for a while just to get a bite!  The peameal bacon was fine, albeit a bit on the fattier side -- though not a big deal.  But the egg.  Oh god the egg.  Now I am not an egg expert, but I KNOW that poached eggs are supposed to have a runny yolk (which is why I like them).  This egg must have been cooked in the strangest contraption ever.  The whites were pretty runny (runnier than usual) but the yolk was over-medium/over-hard consistency.  Yuck!  It was so gross.  One of the best parts of an eggs benedict is when you cut into the poached egg and the yolk oozes out and mixes with the hollandaise sauce.  This was not the case.  I pretty much scooped all the egg yolk off to the side, because it was that bad.  The hollandaise sauce was also pretty bad.  It had started to congeal on top of the yolk, which was really unappetizing.  I pretty much just ate the english muffin, the peameal bacon, and part of the egg.  This was NOT a winner. And the potatoes.  I mentioned that we got here at 11 when they opened, because you would think that the potatoes would at least be fresh.  They felt stale and rubbery.  The tasted okay, but it felt like they were reheated from days ago, which was the opposite of what I would expect.  One of the other people at my table felt the same way about the potatoes, but overall they both enjoyed their dishes. All in all, maybe it was just a bad experience, but I am crossing Cole's off my brunch list, and I will probably just be sticking here for dinner and beer from now on.
Pot roast burger plus some beers. Call that play; it works every time.
Might be surprising, but this is my favorite place for wings in Buffalo - coupled with a large selection of beers on tap. Food does not come quickly.
Anyone who lives around Elmwood Village has been to Coles. It's a hot spot for golden, delicious fries and beers on a Tuesday night. The dress is casual and is a great place to eat for lunch and dinner. I recommend the wraps!
Cole's is a dive bar with one of the best selections of beer and my favorite wings in Buffalo. This weekend we also tried their loaded French Fries - multiple types of cheese, bacon and chives. Amazing! I can't wait to be back.
Definitely better than I expected for a busy Sunday brunch. I had the Buffalo Combo which consisted of a Beef on Weck sandwich, buffalo wings and fries. The sandwich was amazing! So tasty with a little extra horseradish and jus for dipping- super salty just the way I like it. The fries were delicious too. More on the crispy side, which is my preference. Service was prompt, but not very friendly. Our server seemed more interested in hamming it up with the larger parties,  but I can't complain. Definitely go for the bottomless mimosas!
if i could nominate one longstanding buffalo eatery for Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares, THIS would be it. here's the thing about Cole's: its completely inconsistent, totally dated and filthy, has some of the worst service i have ever experienced, and yet, the place always seems to be packed.  and, on the off occasion that you're there during a lull, you would see that it makes no difference upon any of the above. now here's the reason i won't be coming back, despite its popularity, the occasional decent menu item, or the vicinity to my home:  the management/owner, and the staff, could NOT care less about their customers' experience. i have had far too many meals take FOREVER to come out of the kitchen, have had to ask repeatedly for refills or corrections, and don't care for the college frat house ambiance (i mean, the place might as well be considered a part of the Buff State campus -- not only is it full of college kids, it seems to be run by them as well...).  there are plenty of other establishments in town with owners and staff that work hard for the money you pay them for a meal... it should be no surprise that when you eat at Brennan's in clarence, you are met with pretty much the same experience.  it is, afterall, owned and operated by the same people with the same menu. my recommendation would be to skip Cole's, no matter how many locals 'rave' about it.  yes, it is going to be packed, but its not because the experience is one to clamor for...
I'm pretty sure Cole's mission statement must say something about creating the perfect Sunday morning brunch experience. I've celebrated birthdays here, brought the family, eaten with friends and watched many a Bills game here.It's a Buffalo classic if you live nearby or are passing through the neighborhood. The beer list is great & the food is just as good.  Ive always had very friendly service & would recommend coming here for any casual occasion. My perfect Sunday would have to start at Cole's.
I'm a big fan of their draft beer list, and their food is decent for bar food.  Also very kid-friendly (unless, of course, you decided to take your toddlers out for after-dinner drinks at 10:30 pm).
Went for the first time on a Friday evening for a fish fry. The food was good. Service was good. The only issues we had was it was loud and chilly. I would go back on a warmer day.
I went here with a few friends on a Friday night. If you're looking for a quiet place to eat a relaxing meal, this is not the place. It is very loud. My friends and I were seated in the balcony and it was still loud. I don't mind loud places, but it was even hard to hear the people I was sitting with. I ordered the pacific beach burger which had caramelized onions, avocado, pepper jack cheese, and chipotle aioli. The burger was good, nothing to rave about though. The burger was on the thicker side and smaller than the bun, so it was hard to get everything in one bite. My first three bites consisted of the onions, avocado, cheese, aioli. On my fourth bite, I was finally able to reach the burger. Towards the end, all I was left with was the beef and the bun. Most of the toppings fell off because the burger didn't fit the bun. The fries were good. My friend ordered the lobster roll, which I had a taste of and found that it was absolutely delicious! Our server was nice and friendly. Overall, I would probably come back here and order the lobster roll.
This is one of our favorite places to go in the city. We have not had a bad meal here yet. If you are looking for a cool, down-to-earth bar/restaurant with a great atmosphere and awesome food, this is the place to go. For me, they have the best stuffed peppers in town (and that is saying a lot for someone from Buffalo). Service ranges very good ( Like we had last night ) to subpar but the food and atmosphere always make up for it. The place in nearly always packed by 7 pm. Some other menu items that we have tried and loved: French onion, Seared Tuna (salad and the entree), Risotta Balls This place and the other restaurants that he owns (Blue Monk) never disappoint. This and his other establishments make it so easy to support local! We will keep coming back
Went here for Sunday Brunch, had just my 3 year son old with me and have to say it was good. Got him some French Toast, which was big and fluffy. I had a Buffalo Combo which consisted of Beef on Weck, 5 Wings and some fries. Food was all cooked proper Buffalo style. Prices are pretty average. I mean i have been here for the bar many times in the past and it has some of the best beer selections in town, but this was my first time for Brunch and i would definitely go back.
I'd like to think of myself as a French Onion Soup connoisseur. Let me tell you, Coles has by far the BEST FRENCH ONION SOUP IN BUFFALO. So delicious. I would definitely say go here for a nice dinner with friends or family. The bar is a little small and very crowded to hang out in on the weekends and usually filled with some fine college kids. But it's all worth it for the French Onion Soup.
Cole's has really delicious food.  I actually have been going here a lot lately for their Burgers and wings (I'm low carbing).  I'd say it is one of the best places to go in Blo for a burger!  They also have really good salads, sandwiches, and specials.  Most people go exclusively for their beer selection.  This is, without a doubt, one of its strong points, but do not overlook the high quality food.  I have to admit, if you go later on in the night, it can get really loud, especially if you are sitting on the bar side.  If you don't like lots of background noise, request to sit in the dining room.  Its always busy, and that alone says a lot for a restaurant!
Cole's is always a solid choice for lunch or brunch. The food is consistently well-prepared American classics. Their burgers are phenomenal; they do buffalo favorites well, but also switch it up with some more interesting gourmet specials like the Risotto balls. Their beer selection is extensive, and they have a great all you can drink champagne brunch! As a bar atmosphere, however, Cole' suffers from a strange layout. It can be hard to move around because of the awkward partition between the dining area and bar, but only on crowded nights.
Food was excellent - beer list is extensive.  I had an oatmeal stout and a burger (Huey, Louie, Andouille something or other).  Burger had sausage in it.  Delicious - will definitely be ordering that again.
Cole's Black and Blue Burger is the best burger in Buffalo, and they also have the best beer selection around.  The bar is too noisy for my taste, so I always head for the dining room/patio.  One of my favorite Buffalo spots.
Went here for a bachelor party and had one of the upstairs rooms rented. Bartenders were great and the food turned out A plus. When in Buffalo I have to get a Beef on Weck and Coles didn't disappoint.  It is a very cool old historic bar. No glitz, but character some of the new Buffalo bars don't have.
Love their Oktoberfest menu!
Great food everytime I visit. Service is usually quick, and also usually friendly. Every restaurant patron has to leave some room for error, but Cole's definitely delivers more often than not. Would suggest the burger obviously but everything else on the menu is good and the beer menu extensive. For a moderately priced meal Cole's is a good stop.
Having previously been to Cole's for lunch a couple months ago and having quite good food, a couple friends and I went for dinner the other night.  Maybe it was because there was a Sabres game going on, but the service was awful!  It took forever for the waitress to initially come to our table, and she really didn't check back in after we got our food.  The food itself was also not good.  I had some sort of barbeque chicken wrap, with the barbeque sauce being disgustingly sweet and the rice being completely flavorless.  I think next time I go, I'll stick with the more pub-type fare.  Or instead, I'll skip the food altogether and go straight for the beer, which is also a winner with the many varieties and great bar scene in the evenings.
Hello, I once lived a few blocks away. Now am out of state. I recently flew to Bflo to visit family and friends. Some of us met up at Coles which we used to frequent all of the time. Wow what happened to the place? The menu items are now outrageously priced. The Beef on Weck was a much lower standard from a decade ago. When did the fru fru beers go on tap? And what happened to the staff? Where did the classy white button down oxfords with neckties go? Even Polo shirts would be better than the tasteless T-shirts the staff was wearing. Now for the bar. We ate in the dining room and then off to the bar which reeked of stale beer, mold and mildew. What the heck happened to the cleaning staff? The place smelled like a college Frat house on a Sunday morning, to include the old gym shorts somewhere... We were only able to have a very quick beer before running for the door to not vomit. What ever happened to the upscale Public House that was Cole's for decades that had decent blue collar prices yet boased college professors, attorneys and accountants? So the prices have escallated and the total atmosphere has dropped to that of a corner tavern dive bar with a stench. I can see why my friends and family no longer are patrons. They had warned me, but we chanced on it anyway. I recommend closing for 2-3 days, scrubbing the entire place from top to bottom to include getting the dust off of the fixtures and artifacts, teaching the wait staff to learn and reccomend the specials, training the bar staff to keep their eyes open as we had to wait 4 minutes while they were all on their I-phones, putting everyone back into the uniforms that once defined the Pub and going back to the prices that people can afford. We currently reside in a higher priced economy than that of Buffalo and our prices are not as high as Coles. Our Pubs are also cleaner.
I was not impressed with their food, it is just ordinarily.  The place is crowded and you are expected to wait especially on Friday night.  I do not think I would bring my friend here.
"Great beer selection, something for the lightest beer drinkers to hopheads. Food was top notch as well. Meaty wings and a great Shepards Pie on the specials board. Now serving Tom and Jerry's during the holiday season!"
Cole's always frustrates me from a bar aspect, however, their food is great. The part of the bar that frustrates me is the large median that seperates the bar from the restaurant. When the bar gets extremely crowded you usually can't move, which usually isn't a situation I want to be in.
Best wings in the city, bar none.  I've had wings all over the city and if you're coming in from out of town, do not fall for the Anchor Bar, it's a tourist trap.  This place has the best wings around, always cooked perfectly with chunky bleu cheese.  If you're a beer snob like me you'll absolutely love the beer selection, they have virtually any beer you can think of on tap as well as some microbrews.
it's good to see a bar that can cater to both beer snobs and people who drink Big Name Beer. had a good time at this large sports bar. huge selection of (good) beer. some breweries I never even heard of before - Flying Bison, for one - on hand here. mmmm, beer - the fuel of life! salut! l'chaim! skol! kampai! nostrovya! prost! the hot wings were solid. we also tried the "Sicilian wings". they are an interesting twist on an old standard. Italian dressing and parmesan cheese on wings sounds weird, but they are really good! I dare say, better than the regular wings. I had the sausage patty/burger. it came with spicy mustard on a weck roll, and German potato salad. quite tasty. wish the burger was a bit bigger though! I love spicy mustard, and this stuff had a good kick to it! my friend Ilya specifically wants me to give him a shout-out and mention that he loved his steak salad, but he probably doesn't want me to mention that we questioned his masculinity when he ordered a salad. whomp whomp whomp...too bad, kid. service was fast and friendly. prices are decent, roughly on par with the "beer bars" of NYC. not sure how this compares to other bars of The Buff. overall, a good place to hang out and get your drink on before your friend drags you to Shakespeare In The Park (*GROAN*)...but that's for another review...
This was my second visit to Cole's, the first being birthday drinks with my manfriend, so nothing could really go wrong. Great selection on tap, friendly bartenders-A++. Just went back with a few friends for dinner-totally different experience. The hostess was super friendly-may have just been that we were happy to be out and have a beer at the bar, but initially all good. Then came the actual having of the dinner. The food was very good-everyone seemed to be enjoying it and there were no major complaints (except if you put 'avocado' as one of the things coming on the burger, guacamole is not an acceptable substitute. Just because it's the main ingredient doesn't make it the same). But the service. Hooooly crap the service was mind-numbingly terrible. We had an older female server who seemed to be everywhere but at our table. When our last guest arrived (just a minute after we ordered), she (the guest) waited at least 10 minutes and finally went up and got a menu from the hostess, and had to ask our server to come back. When she did it was all 'honey sweetie blah blah' and that kind of overeager backpedaling continued the rest of the night. For 4 of us to eat we were there for almost 2.5 hours, and not because we wanted to be. All told, we had to ask 3 other people for things/to please find our server. The real kicker came when she dropped our check and then came over not 5 minutes later to pick it up. It's 4 ladies with drinks-it's gonna take a minute. We should have hurried, because when we saw her next she was having a drink with her friends at the table directly next to us. And when we sorted the money and left it on the corner of the table, she still sat and hung out. We waited almost 20 minutes and finally went to find another server to please cash us out. Cue the 'honey sweetie' show. I know that we can't expect people (in general) to be on their game all the time, and sometimes it's an off night, no matter what industry you're in. But this was over-the-top. I'll be back for drinks only.
Stopped here for a Dogfishhead beer tasting, and had a bite to eat as well. Ordered food at the bar and was able to take it up to the third floor to finish the tasting. I ordered the black and blue burger, since everyone was saying you cant go wrong with a burger there. BF ordered the beef on weck. My burger was, meh, okay. cooked perfectly medium but I wasn't aware that there would be crushed peppercorns smothering it. unexpected kick that wasn't quite welcome but was still tasty. I suppose that is my fault for not reading the menu close enough, as i look now on their site it mentions pepper crusted. my bad!  From the look of the bar, their beer selection is pretty extensive, even having a game of thrones beer made by ommegang.  Beef on weck was apparently quite tasty. While we were waiting for our food, the bartender who took our order told us that it would take a little while longer because they were busy- but i didn't think we waited very long anyway.  Overall good. friendly staff , good food,  fun atmosphere
Today, I went to Cole's with a friend who is moving out of town b/c she wanted to go there one last time before she left.  For some reason, the service and the food were both awful today.  First of all, the waitress ignored us for most of the time we were in there.  What we wanted to be a relatively quick lunch when we had other things we wanted to do ended up taking nearly 2 hours.  The restaurant was not busy in any way.  She acted like we were inconveniencing her.   They gave us those awful kind of french fries, but they were listed on the menu as "hand-cut fries" but are not even close to being hand cut.   My friends fries were supposed to come as "Sanfrancisco Style" but they brought out the wrong ones.  When her replacement fries came out, they were just sprinkled with a little cheese, not worth paying extra for!  Our sandwiches were subpar.  I have a feeling I won't be back here to eat for a while.
My boyfriend booked a private brunch for me for my birthday and I had an amazing time. The service was awesome and we didn't have to worry about anything. We had one of the private rooms upstairs and a whole bucket of endless mimosas, but we didn't even have to worry about refilling our glasses up ourselves, because our server was on top of it, oh and coffee too ;) The food was great and we barely had to wait. They were very friendly and accommodating to us when we booked, when my boyfriend came to set everything up and while we were there, I would highly recommend booking any kind of event here, because they were great. I was never a huge fan of Coles, because I thought it was more of a college bar, but after the few times I have been there, and my great birthday experience I would highly recommend it!
When I lived in Buffalo, I practically lived at Cole's.  There were plenty of other bars nearby (I lived in Elmwood Village), but Cole's was my favorite.  Great beer selection, and the times I ate here the food was always pretty good.  Marty, the bartender, is the best thing about the place.  He was one of the very few people in Buffalo who made me feel welcome.  Also, Cole's reminded me of Boston - same atmosphere as Conor Larkins, my go-to bar in the Bean.  If you blindfolded me and put me in Cole's, I wouldn't know I wasn't in Boston...ok, this is a little bit of a stretch because the Buffalo accents would be a dead giveaway, but hanging out at Cole's was wonderful for me and really helped ease my homesickness.  Sometimes, Marty would even flip one of the TVs over to a Bruins game for me!  Hot bouncers and friendly wait staff.  I loved the crowd here - lots of college-educated 20-somethings.  At some of the bars in Buffalo, I felt very out of place and didn't seem to have anything in common with the other patrons, but at Cole's, I fit right in - beer drinkers, sports fans, and wicked smaaaht people, all looking for a low-key good time.     Go in regularly.  Chat with Marty.  Order a burger - they're pretty good here.  Try a bunch of cool new beers.  Cole's is one of the only things I miss about Buffalo!
Great peanut butter burger. We shall return to try more.
Fast service, great beer selection and very good food. I recommend the French onion soup and the pot roast sandwich.
"Seriously, I don't get it; your food is great, atmosphere is awesome, beer list is spot on, you throw fantastic events... How can you not get it together to put enough servers on to give good service? If it wasn't for the bus boys nothing would get done"
the first thing my husband said when we entered Cole's was that the place smelled like urine.   otherwise, the food was pretty decent.  they have a good selection of beers (or so i'm told b/c i'm not a beer drinker) and tasty appetizers.  we were with a large group of people so our table ordered a bunch of appetizers, including the buffalo wings, crab cakes, artichoke dip, buffalo shrimp, and cheese-covered fries.  just watch out for the stuffed peppers . . . those things will make your anus burn for days.
I've been here numerous times and have never been disappointed with anything other than dropping $8 on some wild beer I've never heard of.  That's half the fun of the place though I guess?  Local beers, samplings and the ability to try new brews makes this place a great time.  There is a bar and restaurant side to give you some space from the loud ones.  I think the bar is a good place to go for a casual night out.  When it comes to eating the food is pretty good and damn, I've had the lamb burger the majority of the time when coming here... it's delicious!  I recommend it to pretty much anyone... even if you've never had lamb!  Definitely have tried other things but nothing has seem to match that.  Although having work dinners here has left me with great knowledge on the apps and the calamari honey mustard sauce is dynamite. Which leads me to say when I come here I pretty much order it every time. With a nice Dogfish Head 90m IPA.  I guess that makes me a terrible reviewer.  But hey, stick to what you like, eh? :)
good beers. good food. that is all.
Went to Cole's today for a quick meal with my wife. After ordering and getting our beer, didn't see our server again for 30 minutes, and this was only after I asked the host to find her for us. The food took another 20 minutes to arrive, and this was not a complicated meal: a burger and a chicken salad. I asked the manager why we'd had to wait so long and he immediately became upset with me, saying people usually wait and do not get "fussy". He also said that the chicken for the salad takes 18min to prepare. When I asked him why it took more than twice as long to get our food, he got annoyed and said " Is there anything else I can do for you?" (read: Stop bothering me). He did not offer an apology nor did he seem the least bit concerned. Arrogance and hostility do not help the atmosphere, especially at a restaurant. I will miss the beer selection, but will certainly not be back. Plenty of other choices in the neighborhood
decent restaurant.  the fries rock.  shockingly, the stuffed banana peppers are pretty great. BEST. BAR. EVER. coming back to buffalo and going here during the holidays is a highlight every year.  you will see everyone at coles.  and you must do a shot with marty.
i siad i have to give them another shot and this time it was excellent ...so must have been an off nite or new cook
