In the basement of a campus mall, wonderful things are happening. As you defend the stairs, syrup and the smell of browning flour welcomes you. It's a fight to find a table on a packed Sunday, but I prevail. The staff, music and decor are all up-beat and a bit hipster-ish, but i might be able to let that slide. My after my order (the Earth Wind and Fire), I take a sip of coffee. When a place does coffee right, I am a very happy person. I can now forgive the hipster vibe. Que the Waffle. Crisp, savory, and a little sweet. Roasted bananas and walnuts, and pure maple syrup. There are no words. Honestly, I never thought a waffle could be done so well. The other choices they have from chicken and waffles, to bacon, yes BACON stuffed waffles, they sky is the limit. If you're ever in Syracuse, make sure you swing by.
I'm giving it 5 stars for the music alone.  It could earn an additional star for the creatively named food selections. So the place is down a treacherous flight of steep thick concrete stairs.  Traverse at your own risk.  Ordering is a bit chaotic as there is only on order taker and when it's busy I hope they add another.   I had the Everyday People waffle, lavender latte and orange juice.  The orange juice was fresh and the latte had just the right note of lavender, not overbearing. It took a minute for the Everyday People to show up...ok more than a minute.  And I ordered the plain waffle just to give them the best shot of timely filling my order.   I feel it was worth the wait.  The waffle was lite,  kinda crisp not gummy and had a bit of flavor to it.  Would I get it again? Yes I would.  Do I trust the menu and get a little more Adventurous next time?  Sure why not. I would suggest though that they tighten up the sanitary conditions like wiping the tables and syrup bottles after each diner and lose the carpet....the look of it is off putting for people other than college students. Lastly the excellent music is lost on many of the millennial diners and that's too bad.
This is a great spot to get your waffle fix.  They have a ton of great toppings options and batters (like buttermilk,  falafel,  and buckwheat). Keep in mind though that the quality and atmosphere of this place varies considerably.  This is on SU campus and the students and surrounding residentsboth come to this spot.   Overall.... I have had great experiences the few times I have come here.  If it is a weekend (Saturday /Sunday) during the school semesters.... come EARLY before the hung over college kids roll outta bed :-)
I came in expecting good and got great!  I of course had to try the famous stuffing waffle with mash, turkey and gravy. I was expecting a good meal but was surprised. My wife and I decided to split because we wanted to share a sweet waffle. The stuffing was very moist and was made just crisp enough to hold together nicely as a waffle. Then on top of that was a heaping mound of velvety mashed potatoes that were creamy and wonderful. Topped then with roasted turkey that was moist and flavorful. Then smothering the whole thing was a delicious thick (but not to thick) turkey gravy full of turkey goodness without to much salt. There was so much that we barely had room to share our sweet waffle with Nutella and banana. This place is a must on your travels.
Most Diner Drives In's and Dives I have been to were amazing, Funk N Waffle was not. I am ok with it being in a dingy location but the bathrooms and overall cleanliness was appalling.  The menu was bland, the order system was confusing and the Waffles were nothing special at all that I couldn't have got anywhere. The best part was just ting another Triple D and being in University Hill.
Don't understand the hype about this place. Came here for lunch today (and for the first time) and it was OK. Ordered the chicken and waffles classic. Their waffles are ~6inch in diameter and you can order half or full. Half waffle + 4 wings comes to ~$7.5 and full waffle + 6 wings comes to $12 after tax. Waffle tasted good. Nothing special. My undergrad university had the same waffles (which says a lot considering it isn't exactly known for "great" food). Chicken was pretty good. Well cooked I have to say and matched nicely. Not something I would go out of my way to taste though. Downside was came here with some friends and waited ~30 minutes for food. Was it good? yea... was it worth the wait? not really. Everything that comes out of the kitchen looks good though. It's just the serving sizes are ridiculous small for the price and the wait is very long when there are customers so don't come here full on hungry cause the wait *will* kill you.
Great Funky Joint. Take the alley to the stairwell. Head down the stairs to some cool artwork a great environment and some delicious food. I ordered the Jive Turkey. Who ever thought of turning dressing into a waffle is a genius. Drop some mashed potatoes , turkey and gravy on top and you have something memorable. I love this place.  It's an experience in waffles.
Best chicken and waffles I've ever had. Hands down.. Creative food options, awesome people and affordable menu makes this spot an easy 5 stars. Plus, they have love music and it's always great! They know how to run a business. And I love the name!!
What a cool place!  Great waffles, delicious coffee (I had the lavender latte), really friendly folks running the place.  I don't have any complaints except that it's a bit hard to find.
The first time I heard of Funk n Waffles was on "Diners Drive-Ins and Dives". Guy Fieri had the chicken & waffles--it looked great. Well now that our son attends Cuse, we had a chance to check out Funk n Waffles for breakfast this morning. My husband and I both ordered the chicken & waffles--he had a full portion while I only did a half (1/2 waffle with 4 wings instead of 6). The chicken & waffles comes with a spicy vinegar/honey/hot sauce syrup that complements the chicken well, but somewhat overpowers the waffle. We just used it to dip our wings and opted to pour maple syrup on our waffles. The wings were very good, but my waffle was just okay (I've had better). The place has a funky, eclectic hipster vibe going on--sort of reminiscent of the 70s. And the staff is friendly. Overall, I enjoyed the experience and would go back to try another savory waffle.
Went here this morning and found about two dozen folks waiting for the 9 am opening. Service was prompt at the counter. You need to pay attention to your order number and listen for it to be called. There's a display near the ceiling on the right side of the room. Three of us had sweet waffles and one had savory. They were very satisfying. The strawberry banana smoothies were delicious.
Favorite place in Syracuse!! Creative and tasty menu... Awesome vibe and fun staff! Everyone is always friendly and polite. Also..... Never crap music playing in the background. Who doesn't love some James Brown?! Come here!!!
The Funk was playing over the speakers, and the waffles were in me. I felt like doing my best James Brown interpretation and crying out, "I feel good!" Gotta love a place that specializes in waffles, especially with a kitschy atmosphere.  We had heard the place can get busy on a Sunday morning, but we hoped that it wouldn't be so bad the Sunday of Memorial Day Weekend, and we were right.  I am not surprised to read about occasional long waits, because the waffles are made to order, and their kitchen only has so much capability. But the music and an assortment of board games in the back can help.  The coffee is strong too, though if you have a long wait, you might need to inquire about a second cup. We had a combination of sweet and savory waffles of different batters. All exceeded expectations - which was tough as we watched the folks ahead of us get waffles with mountains of whipped cream and/or fresh fruit. It was really tough to go back to the "hotel waffles" at the place I was staying for breakfast the next morning.
We stumbled upon Funk n' Waffles by accident while looking for a diner. What a find! It was so much fun - great staff, good music, and excellent food and coffee.  A great start to Saturday morning!!  I will definitely go there again the next time I'm in town.
Great idea poor execution.  My buttermilk waffle for my Monte Cristo was bland and the Jive Turkey was tasted like instant potatoes and gravy. I put the eggs, cheese, and ham from my Monte Cristo on the herb gouda waffle and it did redeem it a little.
A little underwhelming. Cool atmosphere. Menu looks sooo good but the actual food was just ok. Hubby got the jive turkey - the waffle was slightly underdone and he was disappointed in the skimpy turkey portion (equivalent of a deli slice). I had Brie and bacon and basil - great taste but definitely skimpy on the Brie. Overall a great concept but not sure it lives up to the hype.
Another DD&D off the list! Good stuff to be had here! I partook in the walnut banana whole wheat waffle, and I'm not sure what I was thinking! It was good, but not great. The guy next to me had the James Brownie, and I instantly regretted my decision to go the healthier route. The think was a waffle, basically made from a brownie batter, and had about a nine inch tall mountain of whipped cream piled on top! Coffee was pretty good, and the atmosphere was cool. Good tunes, and good waffles.
Hidden local spot brought to us by Diner's Drive In's and Dive's. Waffles were great! Definitely get the Jive Turkey it's awesome!
The waffles are good but the wait time is ridiculous.  Staff doesn't seem to care if you were waiting half an hour for a waffle.   The atmosphere is divey and tables can be sticky from previous diners.
I have made Funk n' Waffles my go-to post-race place for the past two years. The atmosphere is perfect (sometimes a little loud and busy, but that's ok) and the food is always phenomenal. Who knew that waffles could be so extraordinary?! Syracuse is lucky to have a place like this and the business is perfect for the area in which they are located. My favorite is the Iron Lion Zion- those buckwheat pancakes are fabulous. You also can't go wrong with Nutella (who needs maple syrup?)! Expect to wait for your food- this isn't a "fast food" type place, but like I said the atmosphere is vibrant and fun so the wait never seems bad. Support our local businesses!!!
We tried a sample of a few different waffles from the wings and waffles to the Jive Turkey Dinner.  Each one was worth the trip from NJ!  The setting of the restaurant was relaxed with great music on in the background. We will definitely be back again!
This place blows. The music was so loud you couldn't hear anyone talk. There was no lighting. The waffles took over an hour and weren't even what we ordered. Ughhhhhh
Funk-waffles was really good... The house sauce was amazing.. I will be going back next time I visit.. Kudos and cheers
Where else can you get paninis, milkshakes and an endless variety of waffles? This place has quite the menu!  My favorite panini is the brie with sliced pear.  As for my favorite waffle, I cannot decide yet. In addition to the standard buttermilk waffles, they also offer whole wheat, whole grain, vegan, brownie, and buckwheat and falafel which are both gluten-free.  I greatly appreciate their accommodation for those who follow a gluten-free or vegan diet.  The menu lists a variety of sweet and savory waffles and you can create your own! You can order a whole or a half-waffle.  The half-waffle is a perfect size for a dessert after having a panini.   The drinks menu is huge too!  They have a variety of loose leaf teas, some which are organic.  In addition to coffee they have many lattes, mochas, and hot chocolate.  All hot drinks can be made iced or decaf.  You can also add different flavors such as vanilla, hazelnut, mint, lavender, lychee, caramel or pumpkin spice.  The frozen fruit smoothies look great. The fruits used are always fresh, which is tough to find during the winter time in Syracuse.  Last time I was there I noticed they were selling old records like Michael Jackson's Thriller album, Aerosmith and many others, what a blast from the past!  They are open late on some nights and feature musical performances and open-mic nights.  It's best to check their website to see what's going on.   The only downside is that on a busy weekend, especially if there is an SU game at the Carrier dome, the wait will be very long.  Even on a regular week day when it is not crowded, expect to wait 15-20 minutes for your order.  But food this great is worth waiting for! They update their hours and closures on their Facebook page, very helpful since the hours seem to change often.
My wife and I went in the middle of the day, on a weekday, during the summer. My waffle was creative, and excellent. She raved about her brie/pear sandwich. Coffee was excellent. Overall, a great vibe with a super friendly staff. In summary: great food, great vibe, great staff. Will undoubtedly go again.
Delicious! Fun decor and of course the jams are exceptional! Love the Nutella latte and Crepe Expectations waffle. I brought my parents and they each enjoyed their meals immensely! The service is wonderful as well! I make it a point to stop here every time I drive through Syracuse!
We stopped at Funk n' Waffles recently during our family vacation based on the positive reviews we read on Yelp. We had a little trouble finding the restaurant because it's set back from the street a bit, but boy were we glad we persisted! My husband and I ordered the Jive Turkey and the Brie, Bacon, and Basil waffles for our meal, both were just over the top delicious. We got the James Brownie waffle for dessert, which was phenomenal! I had a hot cup of Earl Grey tea to drink. We both agreed that it was the best meal of our entire vacation. The customer service was great. The place is a little divey, but was clean. There is a stage area where they sometimes have live music (we missed that, unfortunately!). The restaurant is located down a flight of stairs, underground, so it might be hard to get to if you have mobility issues.
My oh my. Delicious waffles with a multitude of  toppings and stuffings. I had a Monte Christo which was a buttlermilk waffle with baked ham, Swiss and eggs. It was marvelous. After drenching it in maple syrup, it was a blend of savory meats and sweetness. I also had the Crepe Expectations which was buttlermilk waffle with bananas and Nutella. Super sweet waffle with bananas and Nutella. Nough said. Only down side was the 1.5 hr wait for the waffles to be made
We are huge food network fans, so when this place was featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives, I knew I had to try it!  My daughter lives in New York, so on this visit we stopped in. They have the funk part down!  You have to walk downstairs to get to their place, which can be a little scary if you weren't already familiar with this place at least a tiny bit.  Thank goodness for the show!  The decor is just cozy.  They have a few fancy chairs set up, that are worn and torn and makes ya think you were in college... they are in the heart of a college town.  The guys that own the joint are extremely nice!  They greet you when you walk thru the doors and when we left, they were preoccupied, but as soon as they realized we were already out of the door, they ran outside to say 'thank you for visiting us and we hope you come back!'... that was extremely cool! Now for the waffles and whatever you choice of topping.... eh... I've had better.  I ordered the chicken and waffles, well because that is my favorite at a local Jacksonville joint.  The waffle was nothing to write home about, and the chicken wings were a little too crispy for my liking.  They gave me a little cup of hot sauce, I think that is what that was.  This was for me to mix with the syrup.  I kinda wished they already had it mixed, as there was really no way for me to do it other than just pouring it on my plate and trying my best to mix the two... didn't work out so well for  me.  My sweet granddaughter loved the chicken wings though... she tore em up! My daughter ordered the nutella waffle.  I didn't try hers and she was feeling a bit under the weather... so I can't give an honest review about that one.  Although I can tell ya that it looked yummy! I would love to come back, next time with my honey.  He was a little jealous that I went without him! hehehe... next time love, next time!
Bacon IN the waffles!!!!! best breakfast "sandwich" I've ever had. If I lived in Syracuse I would come here everyday.
I wanted this place to be better. The atmosphere and staff are definitely eclectic and awesome. They have a lot of variety on the menu (in terms of well planned waffle toppings). I wish my waffle was more crispy, it was huge but pretty doughy. I got the bacon, Brie and Basil topping and that was great. My fiancé got the chicken and waffles, he poured the accompanying sauce over the entire dish thinking it was syrup but it was really a spicy sort of vinegar sauce, kind of ruined it :( the wings were tasty. don't think we will go back. Definitely an experience though.
Prefer savory waffles to sweet waffles. Tried Boosty and Monte. Awesome. Don't order ice tea, very light taste, almost like plain water. Hot chocolate is a nice choice.
It's hard to find a place that carries both funk AND waffles (so many places are just doing either or these days). So when you find one, especially via a search for places that have been on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, you should definitely check it out. We stopped in here for an early lunch during the week and thought it was a cool spot. The decor is very cool, capturing the basement record store aesthetic well. Lots of interesting art on the walls, and an endearing hodgepodge of furniture forms the feel here. The staff was very pleasant and patient as we read the relatively extensive menu of sweet and savory waffle offerings--part of the informal vibe of FnW is ordering at the counter, rather than formal table service, though they do bring the food out to your table. My wife went with the Jive Turkey, which was amazing--a waffle made out of turkey stuffing! That is pure genius. Who does that? Oh, let me put some stuffing in my waffle iron and toast it up into an even more delicious form. Maybe while I'm at it, I will top it with roasted turkey, mashed potatoes, and some gravy and serve it with a side of cranberry sauce. That is like mad scientist/evil genius stuff right there. I had the Florentine waffle, which was made with fresh spinach and feta cheese and topped with smoked salmon--also delicious. The only thing I would note about coming here is that you should not expect formal restaurant service. You order at the counter, fill your own water cup from a water fountain, sort your dirty dishes into bins, and get your own condiments from a nearby table. If you go expecting to be waited on, you will likely be disappointed. We very much liked our visit here and will come back if we are ever in Syracuse again.
I love this place. They have a lavender chia tea that is beyond amazing. Funky little place that plays vinyl, has live music some nights. I don't enjoy the savory waffles as much as the sweet ones. The brownie one with ice cream is especially tasty. A fun place to go to every once and awhile, deff not an everyday breakfast place.
Been here a handful of times but only to eat twice in all my years as an undergrad, they used to close much earlier than they do now. Both times I couldn't help myself and got the Jive Turkey off their savory waffle menu. I had never heard of a waffle made from stuffing, topped with mashed potatoes, gravy, turkey, and a side of cranberry sauce. By jove it's like Thanksgiving dinner in waffle form! Thanksgiving is easily my favorite holiday so Funk'n Waffles gets an easy win with this. Whoever thought of this waffle idea is a genius! I tried a piece (square?) of a friend's strawberry banana waffle, a piece of the Florentine (spinach and smoked salmon), and a piece of chicken n' waffles. Strawberry banana tasted as expected, the Florentine was very good and tasted light, and I wasn't a big fan of the chicken n' waffles. This was probably because I don't like buffalo sauce and my buddy drenched it in that stuff. All in all, if you want to get something different from the usual drunk food and quick bite selections in Marshall Street, Funk'n Waffles is a nice change of pace, tucked down the stairs in an alleyway. Even the location is different. They also sell old records and arts on the walls.
Remember that time I waited 40 mins for a fn waffle? I do. This blows. The above sentence was written a few weeks ago as I sat there waiting for a waffle at this place. It boggles my mind how a place that wasnt too busy when I was there could have such a long wait. Its agonizing how long you have to wait for a fn waffle. The PB& bacon waffle I had was solid, but the trade off for an hour+ breakfast (when they were slow) & the awful stench that is left on your clothes is just not worth the price of admission.
My partner and I go here from time to time for the delicious waffles. Because of our dietary restrictions it's difficult to eat out. He follows a gluten free diet and I am vegetarian. We love the buckwheat waffle. We think the falafel waffle is too dry. We wish that hummus was an offer for toppings. If you're going for sweet instead of savory there are more choices. Also, we like that they have an open mic night but it's pretty awful if you are trying to talk with friends and enjoy your meal.
Man these waffles are so good!! Seriously dont know what the heck that last guy 9 days ago was talkin about. I have stayed at a hampton and their waffles blow. I recommend the bootsy brunch here its a bacon stuffed waffle with eggs and cheese in the middle!!!
Best waffle batters ever! I only tried the whole wheat and a bit of the buttermilk, but from what I tasted, I know they do their batters well. The waffles were both nice and fluffy while still being a bit doughy which is to me the perfect waffle. We chose the boring things on the menu since we were there for breakfast just before a long drive, but it was a hard decision none the less! I want to keep going back until I've tried everything. And then rinse and repeat.
Meh. Waffles are good but not great. Cafeteria style, order and pick up at the counter with no table service. Glad we tried it, would not go back.
Meh. Waffles are good but not great. Cafeteria style, order and pick up at the counter with no table service. Glad we tried it, would not go back.
We are in love. Yum yum yummy yum. The funk music is excellent and the waffles delicious. We will be back many many many times.
Basement cafe on the main drag of Syracuse University.Great selection of sandwiches and a waffle for every palate(Sweet or Savory)! Makes great use of local food sources, and although the prices aren't cheap, it's generally fair, and some of these waffles really fill you up!  My absolute favorite is the banana bread waffle, a special that only available every few weeks. Rich and sweet topped with blueberries and walnuts, it is glorious with a nice cup of recess coffee. My second favorite and a regular menu item is the Jive Turkey. Featured on Food Network, a homemade stuffing (oh lordy) waffle topped with mashed taters, turkey and gravy with a side of cranberry sauce, like nothing you've ever seen U can celebrate FUNKSgiving any time of year. Weekend brunch is when this place is poppin', and they don't have a big kitchen so sometimes there's a wait. no table service, you pick up your food at the counter and clear your own dishes. This space has a legendary history as a local music venue.  Funk n' keeps the tradition alive with a free open mic on Wednesdays, and live bands every weekend. The music is consistently top-notch, great variety of indie, reggae, and funky jam bands local and out of town. I think if more people knew how good the music is here they would be regular patrons. Cover is usually 5-10$ if there is a band.  I  would suggest that they play more funk music in the restaurant, current playlist seems to be more like pop radio. The murals and art are really cool, all in all a vibrant and colorful place to grab a bite, catch up on studies or hear some great live music!
Funk N Waffles is likely to either be the kind of place you love or really aren't into. Personally I love the waffles and the large variety of choices you get here. It's a collegey type of place so the downstairs, funky, non-meticulous, relaxed atmosphere works for me. If you want a fancy experience, it's not the place to go; but if you want great food in a relaxed atmosphere  this is the place to hit up on SU hill.
My family hated it here. It was smelly and dirty and we waited an hour for our breakfast. When the waffles finally came, they weren't even good. I love waffles and was extremely disappointed. I will not be coming back.
Was in Syracuse for a business trip in winter 2009 and stopped here with the wife and kid.  The wife really wanted to go back to "What the Crepe" but it had closed and someone recommended Funk N Waffles which is just down the street.   There was not much of a wait, but I see others complaining about it, I think we just went at an off hour.  If school is out I bet it is quite empty here.  Everyone enjoyed their waffles, especially kiddo since, face it, what's better than a waffle covered in chocolate? There's not a huge amount of choices in the area so I would put this in the repertoire if I lived here. Atmosphere was, well, like every other college hangout you've ever been to. I debated 3 stars, but if you take it for what it's worth, they do OK.
A true original with serious flavor.
Complete let down. Waffles same as I Make at a Hampton inn. Complete lack of service, me and 2 other parties in the place so no where near busy. I will not be back.
A cute place with so much character! Playing Loud music and serving waffles! We enjoyed on breakfast here! I just think that things are overpriced here! We had two waffles, one coffee, one tiny egg sandwich and a canned juice and paid $30! We could have had an extensive breakfast buffet that would include waffles, all types of egg dishes, coffee and juice at our hotel genesee grand and paid the same amount for two adults dining! There are some chairs in this place that are very dirty and torn they totally need to be re-upholstered!
I hit this spot up when I was in Syracuse for a wedding.  Honestly I may have been slightly sucked in by the overall motif than the actual food but the waffles were pretty good.  The thanksgiving one was a bit less great than I envisioned but all the fruit themed ones were excellent. Mostly I was completely enamored with the logo.  It's a waffle on a turntable!  I even bought a t-shirt.  Perhaps this isn't the best reason to give a place a 5 star rating but it was Syracuse for gosh's sake.  I was lucky the place had indoor plumbing.
I've read reviews that complained about the waffle machines being the generic kind you can buy and use at home. Whatever, dude. I don't have a waffle machine and I don't care to buy one, so I'ma let it sliiide. Besides, The Funk makes waffles it would be too difficult to whip up for yourself. Waffles with bananas and nutella, buckwheat, blueberry and strawberry. Falafel!!?? Plus they're cheap and you can sit there all day, munching on delicious waffles and pretending you're in your friend's parents' basement in the 70s and listen to some James Brown on vinyl and chill for an afternoon. Doesn't that beat making waffles for yourself and eating them alone in your non-70s home? Also: this waffle den doubles as a concert venue on Friday nights. I went the other week with my boyfriend and some friends to see a relatively unknown but up and coming indie noise band from Canada. The show was cheap and intimate and what with the lure of waffles, the band stayed after the show and we were able to talk to them. That doesn't happen many other places. Get down with the Funk!
Get the Bootsy Brunch - Bacon in your waffle! What?! Very delicious and good balance of cheese, egg, and bacon. We also tried the Mackinac based on Yelp reviews but found it just meh -- couldnt' taste the cheese or the spinach in the waffle. Overall the waffles were fine, but nothing amazing. The pairings can be creative and tasty. Could be cleaner, but I guess it's a college place. Does this make me old? Love the logo!
You've got a real type of thing going down, gettin' down There's a whole lot of waffles going round With the exception of one edit in the above, this summarizes Funk 'n Waffles. Music. Waffles. Basement. Yum.
Had a really pleasant lunch here.  Got the feta-spinach-salmon waffle, and it was damn good.  The atmosphere is relaxed, the employees are super chill. The portions here are not Central New York portions ($8 gets you one meal of food, not three) but this place blissfully does not really feel like it's in Central New York, either. Unless you're intensely hungry, this is a good place for breakfast.
I have eaten here a half dozen, or so, times this summer and I really enjoy this place. Really relaxed atmosphere and laid back attitude from the staff (in a good way). One of the owners was asleep on a couch the last time I was in there. You kind of feel like your just hanging out at someones house.......who you then pay for a cup of coffee. The variations on grilled cheese sandwiches here are really cool. Just goes to show that something as simple as a grilled cheese, with a little creativity can still be great. The coffee is also really good. I have yet to try the waffles but I have seen and smelled them and I am looking forward to having one. One last thing, be careful on those damn stairs.
This is a 5 star concept, but it fails thrill me in practice.  I had a waffle with pulled pork on it.  The waffle was soft and a little chewy instead of being crispy like good waffles should be.  This is probably due to a lack of butter in the batter, but butter is expensive.  Chewy waffle- minus one star.  I peaked in the kitchen to see what kind of waffle irons they were using and the looked like the waffle iron that I had at home.  I engaged the employee about this and he confirmed that they were Waring Pro WMK300 irons and they wear them out regularly.  A waffle iron can last between a week and a month at Funk and Waffles and they've thrown out about 50 in two years.  Being bad to the environment- minus one star.  Like I said, this is a solid concept, but the execution falls short.  I want to like this place, but I can't.  On a side note, they were also out of decaf coffee when I visited.
The waffles are very good decor is not so good. It's your typical college hang out.. lots of young folks.. decent music.. Torn up furniture..
I agree with some other posters that it did take a long time for the food to be ready, but when it arrived, it was delicious.  I had the Earth, Wind & Fire (minus bananas, which I hate) and Spouse had the Monte Cristo.  Full for hours afterwards.  Enjoyed the funky location once we got past the weird creepy stairway on the way in.  It was hard to tell at first whether it was open. Summary:  if you like you a cool funk groove and have a little time, check it out.
Crosby Stills & Nash (vinyl, of course) and a falafel waffle at 9 in morning is a great way to start the day. Great eclectic little dive.
I've come here for shows and events much more often than I've come here to eat. However, their chai tea lattes are fabulous (too expensive, but fabulous nonetheless). The brownie waffle sundae is heaven on a plate, but make sure you split it with at least one other person because it's HUGE. I also tried the pulled pork waffle once and it was much better than I expected it would be. The bacon & brie waffle is on my list of things to try.
If you're looking for a unique alternative from the traditional diner type breakfasts that are available all around Syracuse, Funk 'n Waffles is a good option. Located off Marshall street on the SU Hill (underneath Chuck's) the name pretty much sums up everything... a wide variety of waffles with more styles & toppings you can imagine. The menu covers everything from breakfast to dessert. I can definitely see this place as a great late night hangout for when the munchies strike. The decor is '70's basement chic but it's all part of the ambiance. The food is good and the service was attentive. We'll definitely return.
3.5 stars. 4 for the food, 3 for the service, which was poor/awkward enough to prevent a four star review. I'm not a big fan of the order-then-sit dining style at places that aren't fast food/burger joints, and especially when the place is as busy as Funk 'n Waffles was. We waited on a fairly long line, placed an order, and then had to stalk out a place to sit. We managed to find a sofa sans table, and were ready to make that work when the food came. Fortunately, we were able to grab a table when some other patrons left, making the waffle eating thing a little bit easier. Unfortunately, we were able to grab that table because we waited forever for our meal. In fact, we didn't even have the food by the time we claimed the new space. After at least a half hour wait, if not more, my dining companion checked on the status of our meal, because it seemed like we'd been skipped. They assured us our food would be ready "soon", and while it did eventually come out, I'm not sure I would choose "soon" as the amount of time we had to wait. The food was good. Not excellent, not out of this world, but interesting and delicious. I was intrigued by many of the choices, but settled on the Bootsy Brunch: a bacon stuffed waffle with egg and cheese. Bacon stuffed means bacon pieces in the batter, which could have been chewier/greasier and bigger. It could have used more cheese as well. I doused the whole thing in maple syrup, which helped bring the whole dish together. Also, Wilma D. is right, the restaurant does smell heavenly. That's quite a plus!
Funky place, off the street in a basement. Smells heavenly.  We decided to visit because my husband is a fan of Guy Fieri and he was here last month.  It was our first time and lots of yummy choices. They have sweet and savory waffles.  I ordered the Earth, Wind and Fire, a sweet of course. Honey, bananas and walnuts, nothing wrong with that.  My husband had the MonteCristo. Egg, ham and swiss.  It looked really good. Mine was a hit and I was a happy girl and so was my husband.  Service was great and a bit of wait because it was Parents weekend at SU. I liked the funky and simple decor, They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. Other items in the menu besides the waffles.  It smelled heavenly and I cant wait to go back and try something else.
Nice to have a nontraditional breakfast place that serves interesting toppings on waffles, although this is much more than a breakfast place.  On SU campus off Marshall street, the set-up involves dingy basement + used furniture thrown out by students + a stage for shows, somehow, it works.   Excellent espresso and lattes.  Some waffle are better than the others (earth-wind-fire i.e. whole-wheat waffle overloaded with walnuts, banana and honey is decedent; Monte Cristo on the other hand was skimpy on the ham).   Semi self-service, you seat yourself, go up to the counter to order and pay, they call your name when the food/drink is ready.  The staff are super cool and friendly, but service can be slow when busy.   Ventilation system needs improving.  You come out smelling like 2-part grease and 1-part baking powder. Solid 3.5 stars.
Had the Iron, Lion, Zion... Amazing as always!!! Hands down the best waffles and coffee in town. Highly recommended.
Yum. Waffles all day, every day. Sign me up. This place is down a dirty staircase in a seedy basement looking place on the Syracuse University campus. Usually they have live music on Friday and Saturday nights where you sit on old couches and listen to some jams while stuffing your face with coffee and junk food. Yep, pretty awesome. I ordered a waffle with strawberries, chocolate chips, and whipped cream. It was delicious- crispy, light and fluffy. My friend had a banana bread type waffle with nuts and blueberries and honey. Both were decadent and great. Also had a delicious cafe au lait. I can see this being a quality hangover spot for the college crowd, but also a fun alternative for breakfast to spice up life a bit. Definitely a hipster hangout so you'll have that scene going on, but it's a good time and I recommend grabbing a tasty bite here if you're in the area.
Before heading home from Syracuse my friends and I decided we must eat before a torturous 5 hour drive home.  This place was close to our hotel so we figured why not?!  Who doesn't love waffles? Well.. an excruciating half hour later to be served, I rather have passed on the place and just had a bagel for ride home. This place was hipsteresque with funky art work but seriously this place wouldn't stand a chance in Williamsburg or Greenpoint. I means its cool for Syracuse but I was completely underwhelmed otherwise. My friends weren't happy with their stuffed waffles with bacon and eggs. My waffles and eggs were cold and there was barely any Nutella  on mine. It was hard and if my waffles were warm maybe it would've been easier to spread. There was ample seating and the place was packed, so they seem to have a good following but I wouldn't step foot in there again.
I freaking love brunch food! I was first introduced to savory waffles here and love it! I've tried the buckwheat waffle with strawberries and nutella. I've also had the savory waffle with spinach and salmon. Although, they forgot the sour cream which made the salmon waaay too spicy for my taste. But the spinach waffle was delicious!! One time I was here, some old guy in a motor cycle outfit decided to hit on me in front of my friends. Creeped me out but was fun to tell afterwards. You'll definitely see sketchy people here but there'll be plenty of other Syracuse students should you ever need help! Love this place!
I have been here for thousands of times, but they were all closed then. Today I finally found it open and successfully tried the waffle here! Fortunately, it didn't disappoint me. I ordered "Whole Lotta Love" and "Red Eye" . Red Eye coffee is kind of black coffee, it's too bitter for me. So I added milk and sugar into it, lol~Whole Lotta Love is made of whole grain, with top of yogurt, granola and strawberries. It tastes great!  Not too sweet, and also very healthy. The environment here is also very nice, funk music and artistic decoration  around, make me relaxed and cheerful.  But one bad thing, there is no one serving you, but you still have to pay at least 15% tips! Make no sense. Still deserve to come!
Looks like Brooklyn threw up all over it. (I'm from Brooklyn so maybe I am allowed to say that? And I say it with love.) The good and the bad- casual, quirky, hard to find (literally underground!), niche dining done to perfection. But could be cleaner/neater- the furniture and dining area is too shabby, like it passed the charming-shabby-status and just went into plain kind-of-skeevy-shabby. But maybe that just means it's MORE LEGIT. Anyway. What can I say about the waffles that has yet to be said? WAFFLES. Sweet and savory are both good. I got buckwheat and blueberry I think? Good. My bf got the buttermilk with bacon and eggs, not sure of the name. SUPER good. Coffee, good. Syrup in weird containers. I can see why this would be popular with college kids- big portions, not too expensive, and you feel pretty cool when you bring your boo here. Aww yeah, I take you to the most obscure places, boo. This is love.
Expensive. Understaffed. It took 50 minutes to get 2 waffles.. It's a waffle. C'mon.
I happened to stop at FNW with a few friends on its unofficial opening night during my freshman year, 2006-7 (there was an official celebratory opening around the same time). We got to shooting the shit with the owners, Adam and Kyle, over coffee and tea as they were shutting down. Since then I have never felt anything but eminently welcome and at home in the establishment. Them gents continued to remember our serendipitous encounter and our names and to keep the love outpouring. Over the years, they diversified their selections into egg sandwiches, different species of coffee, ice-cream, and other delectable comestibles. They staff cool and friendly people, sport fresh and funktastic live music at good prices (Adam works like a dog on the gig list), and keep a regular roundup of diverse music rolling on the loudspeakers. FNW is nice for dates, rocking out, grooving, studying, and chewing. What more can you ask for? This is probably my favorite place in Syracuse.
Ventured out to Funk n Waffles for breakfast before getting ready for the Super Bowl.   I had the Bacon Brie and Basil waffle and my husband had the Bootsy Brunch waffle. I really like mine although it was a bit skimpy on the brie.   The jam that came with it was really tasty (which says alot as I am generally don't care much for jam).   I little more brie and they would be a solid "4" but I'm going with a "3" because I can't give a 3.5. My husband's waffle was pretty unique with two eggs and cheese folded inside a waffle.    The brownie waffles looked amazing as did the banana nutella waffles that the folks at the next table had. We'll put this on the breakfast rotation but not as a regular stop as I don't think our waist lines could take being a "regular" here!
Traveled to Syracuse to check out a band at Funk 'n Waffles. It was a great atmosphere. I liked the range of live bands and the assortment of waffles. The ice cream was really great! I recommend opting for ice cream if waffles aren't your thing. The waffles are huge, so considering splitting one. But they didn't appear to be anything spectacular. More of a novelty than a tasty meal. They close at midnight but there are some nice local bars/restaurants right there. It's a great place to enjoy some live music. The place was busy even though the university was out for the summer.
An open letter to Funk n Waffles management: I hate/love you guys. I love your food. I really do. It is so tasty and orders are always correct. Earth, Wind n Fire (wheat waffle, banana, walnuts, honey) is my fave. Yummy, inventive specialty drinks. I hate your service. Seriously it is bad. Not openly rude, no. Staff are polite and cool. A little too cool though, and way too relaxed. I can GUARANTEE at least a 20 minute wait. For one waffle. With fruit that has already been cut and prepped. Are you kidding me? 45 min. wait is not unheard of. For one waffle. Get out of your own way. This place has a reputation for horrible service. There have been many times I want an order to go but don't know if it will take an hour, so I go somewhere else. I want you to take my money, but you're missing the opportunity. Also take-out containers are junk. Cardboard box + hot waffle + syrup do not a happy eater make. Get some biodegradable plastic please. Step it up, guys! I want to love/love you, but ya' treat me so bad that I sing the blues.
This place is cool and fun.  Everyone is always raving about it so my husband and I decided to try it out- we love waffles. There is no wait staff there.  You walk in go to the counter to get a menu and order.  Then you find a spot to sit and wait for your food to be ready.  They will call your name, but listen carefully because it is hard to hear when the music is loud. I know they have some live music events, but we went on a Saturday late afternoon so it was just the music the restaurant played in the background.  The music was fine, but it was being pulled off of you tube so you had to wait for the songs to load and it skipped every now and then when the computer needed to load. I got the bootsy brunch and it was really good.  I loved the waffles with the bacon cooked right in them.  The eggs were also good but it could have used more cheese.  My husband got the chicken and waffles.  He said his was really good and enjoyed the batter they used on the chicken wings. The place is clearly a college place.  It is a little dirty but perfect for college kids.  I wished there was some more staff to keep the tables clean after customers - I shouldn't have to be the person who does the cleaning.  Also, when you are finished eating you bring your plates and spoons to bins which is fine however the bins and the area is small and dirty. Overall I would go back there, but I would prefer to bring my food home.
Had a great family breakfast at 12:00 on a Sunday (strawberry/banana covered waffle, buttermilk waffle with chocolate chips for our 9 year-old, and egg sandwich with spinach, tomato, bacon & swiss for my wife). The food was excellent and worth the trip (and hunt) from our hotel. Required some wandering after Siri dropped us nearby on Marshall Street (Yelp's map is better).  Crouse is directly across the street from the hospital parking garage -- walk up into the "Campus Plaza" (really a back street/driveway behind Marshall Street's shops). We were worried it would just be a college student hangout, but the clientele was an ordinary restaurant group, including a few families with young children. The atmosphere was very cool/hip with awesome artwork. They were a little short-handed so the tables needed to be cleaned, but no biggy. Overall an awesome meal and I would recommend it. I'll be back if I'm ever in Syracuse again!
Awful service. Came in with a friend on a Sunday. Took us over an hour to wait for our waffles. It took 30+ minutes for them to pour us a cup of coffee. 30 minutes. For coffee. We ordered two waffles one with blueberries on top and a fried egg my friend wanted waffles with some salmon on top. Not hard. Food was decent but the cruddy service greatly overshadowed any enjoyment we got from the food.
I came here because I saw Guy on DDD come through.  I haven't been too impressed with the places I've eaten at that was on DDD, but I'm still optimistic about it.  As for Funk ' Waffles, I really liked the atmosphere and vibe of this place.  If I were to create an idea in mind to open up a underground lounge/restaurant, this definitely would be it.  The staff here was awesome as well!  Very nice and helpful.  If I went to school in Syracuse, this would be my go to place.  With that said though, I wasn't that big of a fan of the waffles.  That may have more to do with me ordering the chicken and waffles rather than something else.  I love chicken and waffles so I had to try them.  The chicken was very good and crispy.  Though the portion was a little small, it was still good.  The sauce that came with it (sweet hot sauce) was very good as well.  As for the waffle...to be honest, it wasn't much different than the waffles I eat at the hotels I stay in.  It was very ordinary.  I went to a place just a couple weeks ago in Greensboro, NC called Dame's Chicken and Waffles that had the absolute best waffles ever!  That set the bar very high for me in the waffle category, so maybe I'm being a bit hard on this place.  But then again, I don't think there's any mistaken the mediocrity of the waffle.  Maybe the other waffles and toppings are better, I don't know.  Overall, this place was great.  I'd come back again, but I wouldn't have high expectations.
The food really is great. But before I'll give 'em a deserving 4 or 5 star, they need to keep the place a little cleaner...especially with all that syrup, I'm afraid I'm going to stick to the seats...and I always have to clean up the table myself. I've heard lots of complaints on service; though I've never had a problem, it hasn't been anything spectacular either.
The waffles weren't that great.. I've also preformed here for a show..The space is way too small.. And It has very awkward and ghetto/unsafe alleyway.
On May 31 we were on a road trip & made a special stop in Syracuse for lunch at Funk n Waffles. After paying for parking we went in search for it. There was no signage directing patrons to this somewhat hidden place. Although it was regular business hours (we did a lot of research before going) once we arrived we were greeted with a sign telling people they were closed. There was no explanation & we ran into other people who were just as disappointed as we were at their inexplicable closing.
I went here after seeing the establishment featured on the Food Network. The place is definitely funky, and the people are cool. The decor is rough, but it really creates a non-pretentious ambiance. I ordered the Turkey Jive, a waffle made from stuffing with Thanksgiving on top. It was wonderful and everything that I could have hoped. After my "entree," I I had to do desert, so I ordered the brownie waffle with white chocolate sauce. I probably should have stuck with the traditional waffle because the brownie was very dry. Nevertheless, this is a place to go.
Perfectly okay waffles, but some of them seem rather hard to eat. I'm just not sure if a waffle is the best vehicle for pulled pork or chicken wings. I have nothing against a good fried chicken waffle, but having to pull the tiny bits of meat from the bones in a pile of wings just doesn't make for an ideal eating experience. Perhaps next time I should take a cue from Leslie Knope and order a sweet waffle.
We stopped here on the weekend en route to the Redneck Olympics, AKA the Crash-A-Rama demolition derby near Buffalo (which was awesome and you should go - because school bus figure-8 races!). We both had the Bootsy Brunch, with bacon baked into the waffle and eggs on top. The food was tasty, cooked well and had a large but not ridiculous serving size. Highly recommended. I also had a very decent, large iced coffee for another 2 bucks. The music was good, old school Michael Jackson for our visit, which was nice. It only gets three stars rather than four because the place both wasn't as clean as it should have been (all the tables were sticky and the bathroom was a mess) and service was remarkably slow considering the place was half empty when we were there. Entree prices seemed to be just a little high for the area, too, especially considering the divey, basement nature of the place and the cheerfully slackeresque, almost cafeteria level of service. If I ever find myself in Syracuse again, I'd probably go back, because out of the limited options in the area this one was decent enough and still better than some dumb chain restaurant.
This is by far my favorite place to hang out.  The atmosphere is ultimate chill, the coffee and food is good, and they have music shows in the evenings!  There is always art on the walls, and there are not just tables to sit and eat at, but couches and comfy chairs as well - an aspect of the place that really makes you feel welcome to chiilllll.
Worth the trip! Funky dive but fun place to go when you're visiting 'Cuse.
My son and I had to run a gauntlet of homeless guys begging change for coffee on Easter morning to find this breakfast spot that apparently doubles as  local bands stage....really fine waffle and great coffee and it seemed a perfect spot to  have Easter breakfast 3000 miles from home...by the time we left the homeless guys had their malt liquor and seemed as happy as we....if my son chooses Syracuse we'll be back!
Pretty terrible service. Ended up waiting an hour for two orders of waffles. How long does it take to make waffles? 5-6 minutes tops? They may have good waffles but they aren't worth the lack of service and efficiency.
From NH. Found location via yelp. Fantastic waffles. Great tea- took some loose tea for the road! Umm
This place is sweet. I walked by the place and instantly wanted to check it out.  Its got a great underground atmosphere and live bands that play pretty frequently.  In my opinion, the waffles are the main attraction.  I had the Earth, Wind, and Fire waffle and it was damn good.  You should also check out their awesome supply of indie soda.  Open Mic Night on Wednesday has its ups and downs so come with an open mind.  Overall, this place is a forsure five star.
Close to Syracuse campus, next to lots of other shops and restaurants. A basement space, which seems creepy but it's not. Loved how the menu is divided into sweet or savory waffles - combinations are fun and delicious, not the most unique or creative but definitely crowd pleasers. Waffles are big, crispy on the edges, and all the ingredients on top were fresh and tasty! The coffee was great - even just the regular auto-drip, and we enjoyed the vibe, although you do need to have an ear for funk music or just be in a good mood. The service was so friendly, very personal, we felt like regulars after only being there for five minutes. Live funk music by the owner's band, Sophistifunk, every Thursday night. Honestly, the whole place seemed like a late-night brilliant idea turned into reality. Loved it.
Waffles for breakfast, lunch, and dinner! It's weird because this place is kind of located in a sketchy back alley-not exactly enticing. But the food more than makes up for it. And it's a great idea too, who doesn't love waffles?!?! I got waffles with strawberries and blueberries on top since I didn't want to overdo it and it was excellent. The live music is really interesting too-a nice backdrop while you're eating. It's a bit of a hipster hangout spot as you can imagine, but the waffles are still great.
Best. Hangover. Food. Ever. Too bad I never know the hours - every time I want to go, it's closed. Also the only place that services ice cream on campus besides Kimmel. It definitely hits the spot on a hot spring/fall day.
Prepare to smell like oil after living this joint. They waffles are generic but their pairing are amazing. I think the serving size is a little small but I love there fried chicken with waffles. They also have free widow and random showings. Very friendly staff as well.
Fun atmosphere (very much a college eatery when school's in session). The waffles are indeed delicious, with some pretty unique items. They also have a really nice selection of teas. They regularly host live music and open mic nights.
I've only been here once but the experience was amazing. the live music was really great and the waffle with pulled pork (I know it sounds gross) was freaking awesome. definitely coming back
Had a good lunch here.  Tasty, friendly and fast with a very good cappucchino to get me back on the road. I had the smoked salmon savory waffle, a little light on the salmon but satisfying.
Thank you to the crew for welcoming us to Syracuse. Music - Funky. Food- Organic. Can only imagine what the live music must be like. Just make sure to use a clean spoon- which isn't clearly marked- when stirring brown sugar and cream in your coffee!
Don't let the location scare you.  Down a small side street, down a set of stairs is the quintessential college coffee shop.  That also serves a mean breakfast. Went in their this week with some friends, we were looking for breakfast.  Place kind of reminds me of a head shop.  They have a diverse menu of waffles available.  I went for the buckwheat with strawberries, bananas and blueberries.   It was fantastic.  My friend is somewhat of a coffee snob and he had two double espressos he like it so much.  Definitely a great place for a different take on breakfast.
Went here for the first time today, and I will definitely be back soon.  The folks behind the counter were charming and very helpful, my Americano was delicious (and in an awesome mug that I kinda wanted to steal), and the waffle I got was marvelously tasty.  I ended up going for a sweet waffle, but will be trying a savory one on my next trip. Definitely recommend it!
They warned us before we ordered that it was a 45min to 1 hrs wait....but one look at the menu and you just have to try it. So we ordered the pulled pork waffle and the all shook up. Both were amazing.  We'll be back...too many other things we want to try that sounded delicious!
Hmm interesting place reminded me of some coffee houses I frequented as a teenage youth in the early 90's. Was near my hotel and felt compelled to visit and glad we did. We split the bacon & brie and something fufu with berries & whipped cream both were quite good. After not caring much for a lot of places we visited in Syracuse this place was a pleasant surprise.
My boyfriend and I ate here on a recent trip to New York, and we were definitely satisfied! The restaurant has a no-fuss vibe, so be prepared to grab your own utensils, grab your own jar of maple syrup and pour your own water. We didn't mind that one bit (once we caught on!) and the waffles were delicious. The only negative thing my boyfriend said about his meal (he had a savoury waffle) was that the spinach wasn't fresh. Obviously it was wilted due to being in the warm waffle, but it had that day-old spinach taste. Otherwise satisfied!
Thought this would be a fun breakfast joint  based on the menu.  Great concept, liked the decor however felt they just didn't deliver on the experience.  Wait was too long to order, one waffle was under cooked, another had a straw wrapper cooked into it.
This place is a must try for anyone in syracuse. Coffee is outstanding and the live music is great. My girlfriends falafel waffel was dry but very unique. I got the iron lion and zion and it was delicious. I thoroughly enjoyed this place just not quite worthy of five stars.
Delicious one of a kind waffles! Located in a basement. I ordered a brownie waffle sundae, which came with 2 scoops of ice cream. The coffee was great too! It was frickin funky!
Nice and funky that's for sure. Super friendly and funny staff. The latte was the best I had in years. The waffles tasted homemade. Comfort food. Tummy was very happy with the gluten free buckwheat waffle. Could of had 2 easily. Service is slow but that's what made them yummy. No frills. Bus your own food. So what? I don't mind. You don't get table service at Starbucks, and this place has way way better coffee.
Can't speak for the food, but surprisingly good coffee/espresso for a place that doesn't look like it would care.  Nice staff.
This place is exactly what it sounds like.  Being in a college town, eating on a Sunday morning at 10:30 brought in a handful of young (hungover) collegiates.  Also coming from a metropolitan area, we weren't sure we were going to have to wait to get in as you would an IHOP or diner back home which there wasn't.  Pleasantly, it was very comfortable, creative and quirkily decorated.  As a college prospect, my daughter thought it was cool and I'm sure at night the entertainment and crowd should be eclectic as well.  Friendly staff who thought of everything right down to the clever quotes on their tip jars.   Cups by the water fountain (large); wide selection of teas oh - and did I mention the food was amazing?  We enjoyed our waffles immensely.  I had a special that day which was a banana waffle with a few mini chocolate chips, nuts (can't remember if it was pecans or walnuts) and blueberries.  My daughter had the, not so unusual, strawberry waffle (regular waffle with berries on top w/ fresh whipped cream) and even noted how fresh the strawberries were.  Although there were some sofas and chairs to have your coffee, we chose to sit on the "stage" used for the nightly entertainment.  We parked behind the building and the street construction really didn't matter.  There was plenty of street parking (although it was metered).  I have heard this place (or the area) being sketchy but Sunday morning was quiet.  Maybe since you have to go down into the basement of the building to enter, it definitely doesn't seem like a basement once you get in.  This place should not  be missed - never seen anything like it.
I came here because a good friend's college buddy runs it, he plays good music, and I had to try it out while I was there. I think we got lucky on the timing because we didn't have to wait very long in line or for our food... but I'm also from DC, where depending on where you go, you may wait forever just to get table service. My Crepe waffle with bananas and nutella was SO good. I was a little put off at first by having nutella on the side but there was enough for all of my waffle and half of my boyfriend's, so that worked out. Only thing I didn't like about the place was the decor. The seats look like they came from strip mall carryout places, the gloss colored walls needed some love and the art was... ok the art was awful. But my food was great and oh yeah, best Iced Coffee I've ever had, which surprised the hell out of me, since it outdid the local cold brew microroasted things I usually get at home. Oh, and for the record, we had breakfast at 10AM before meandering home to DC, and I wasn't hungry for anything until about 8PM. That's a win, in my book.
Deffinately the place to be on a weekend night! Talk about night life! you got live music, amazing waffles and coffee and such a chill atmosphere where everyone is just relaxing and hanging out.
Very good selection of waffles combined with a cool atmosphere. I've been there twice, the first time was to watch a band, which was an excellent setting. It was an intimate setting, almost like hanging out at a house party while your friends jam for you. The waffles looked so good that night I think we went back a day or two later. The only bad thing I can say is that the waffles are so big I can never seem to save enough room for the brownie waffle.
I went here this morning  (10am ish) to grab some breakfast before catching my flight.  But was sorely disappointed as it was closed!  I don't know if its gone out of business but we tried calling before we headed over and no one picked up the phone and there was no recording saying they were closed for New Years Eve.  I'd be willing to try it again if I knew it was open.
Good waffles. Great music. I'm curious about all the savory ones.... Sound good and interesting. Good place I'll def come back
seriously one of the most unique and welcoming places I've been to on my travels! the food concept is fabulous and the staff were very motivated and helpful!!  funk + waffles = amazing
