Amazing! All handmade goods by local and national artists! Fairly large store with a great variety in styles and products. Staff is extremely helpful and friendly. Rather pricey, but so worth it and there are some less pricey, quality trinkets. Got a nice wooden bookmark and considering getting a wooden dinosaur puppet on strings for my nephew! Full of beautiful crafts and causes!
I love the art that you see even when out front of the store! The whole place is filled to the brim with this and that! Gorgeous!
So, husband and I went downtown to Syracuse because we owed his mother a birthday gift - well, we owed her one a few weeks ago, if we are being precise about things.  We had about an hour and a half to kill before dinner, and we weren't having luck in a lot of the boutiques we popped in and out of.  (I mean, yes, we spent a lot of time in The Sound Garden, and we love that place, but maybe the MIL would not love a bobble head of Captain Caveman.  Which we might or might not have bought for ourselves.) Anyway, we struck gold at Eureka.  As soon as we walked in, we knew that we would find a perfectly suitable gift.  I care about things like the 3/50 Project (look it up), and I love boutiques that focus on indie artisans and crafters - esp. from the USA.  Virtually all of the merchandise on display (if not all?) is artisan-crafted.  Each cluster of goods focuses around a particular artist (and the artist and his/her mission or aesthetic or philosophy is described on a little placard), but each cluster VERY seamlessly blends into the other clusters.   In other words - it's a very pleasing store to visit.  Think hand-wrought ironwork and hand-made tapestries or runners and statuettes and pottery and woodwork and candles and glassware and clocks and several cases of lovely and unique jewelry.  It's the sort of place where you might worry about entering because it might be too pricey for the average person - and a good portion of the eye-catching stuff is pricey.  BUT there are plenty of options - leather bookmarks, candles, classic stone earrings and the like - from $10-$30.   But if you care about supporting local to local-ish artists and local businesses, it's a brilliant option.   The staff were extremely nice - no sales pressure AT ALL - but were happy to answer questions and tell us more about the artist/artistry behind our purchase.  They volunteered to wrap up our vase purchase and tie it with a bow and all of that - plus, there was a very adorable St. Bernard-type dog (very well-behaved) hanging out by the cash wrap.  Love!
I was very impressed. Lots of cool gifts in this store. The sales associate was very patient with me and wrapped up the two necklaces I bought in pretty gift boxes. I liked that each lot of jewelry or pottery included the artists name and location. I'm a firm believer of buying local and this shop helps me complete my mission. I also liked the collection of cards that were there. They were much more personalized than ones you find at grocery stores. I was able to get everything I needed in one place. Awesome.
