We started out with the potato skins, which actually were three 2" diameter potato cups with sour cream gorgonzola topping on a crispy cup of potato filling with crispy prosciutto on top. The fig salad was both sweet and tasty, really hit the spot. The bread was warm and delicious, served with a mixture of balsamic vinegar, olive oil, garlic and a hint of chili pepper heat. Entrees were grilled veal shank, tender and pink with excellent flavor, and a salmon filet with a wonderful sauce. Perfectly tender and pink. No room for dessert.
Excellent food, I had the pizza with ahi tuna shavings and it was ridiculously tasty. The service was great, our waiter even recommended a great place for buffalo wings the next day. Our main courses took a long time to come out, apparently the kitchen was backed-up on a busy Saturday night. I don't mind waiting for amazing food but it did seem like it took longer than it should of. All the food was great though and I would definitely recommend it to anybody visiting the Buffalo/Niagara Falls area.
We had reservations at 5 (the same time the open). My wife and I showed up about 20 minutes early and were gradually sat down ( beautiful seating) server came to us promptly at 5pm, and was well versed in specials. My veal was perfectly cooked, and my wife loved her snapper fish. Experience was great, and the food was better! Would definitely go again!!
Came here early on a Saturday night... Took advantage of the complementary valet service which was nice but we didn't get two steps down the side walk before we were harassed by a homeless woman rudely demanding us for money...I guess it's unavoidable on chippewa...just wasn't how I wanted to start my night. We had reservations but it was early so the restaurant was nearly empty. I ordered the Caesar salad and the filet mignon. The salad was very good... Very nice presentation and flavor...although I have never really had a bad Caesar salad. The filet I ordered was over cooked which was disappointing and came with wild mushrooms and gnocchi. The whole dish sat in a very salty broth/sauce. It was fine but I wouldn't order it again. We also ordered a bottle of wine that was presented correctly, however I had to pour my own wine once my glass was empty which was a bit awkward. There were also a lot of bugs flying around...fruit flies and flies which was very annoying and one landed in my wine glass. One of the servers offered to "filter" out the bug but I didn't really enjoy the idea of drinking it after a dead bug had even floating around. I had hoped the dinner would have been better than it was...average at best. They are trying though.
I was traveling through Buffalo and relied on my fellow reviewer's feedback and chose Bacchus.  It was a great find and I had a great meal.  I had the soup special, which was a tomato bisque with a grilled cheese sandwich.  This was a very tasty dish that showed off some creativity from the kitchen.  I then had a rib eye that was perfectly prepared and encrusted with Gorgonzola.  The entire meal was done fantastically and the staff was very accommodating.  Whether you're a local or a fellow traveler, I highly recommend Bacchus.
Caveat: we went there during Restaurant Week, so our food was not off the regular menu. That being said. My steak frites was cooked just as I ordered--medium-rare, and it went very well with the waiter's recommended Malbec. I wish I hadn't cracked so much black pepper over it, but that was my fault. Others in my party tried the shrimp and crab ravioli and "had no complaints whatsoever." They were especially impressed with the tomato-butter sauce with leeks: "Perfect." The NY cheesecake was very good, really very cheesy. The chocolate mousse was less a mousse than a regular chocolate cake. Not what we expected, but it was still good.
The food was amazing, the service was even better!!
Wayyy better than I was expecting, even for Buffalo!  The menu was a bit seafood heavy for me (since I don't eat it) but there were many other options.   Husband and I went for the small plates (I'm indecisive, so I love them).  We started with the corn chowder with the shrimp-corn fritter, then the BLT salad, the roasted beets with crispy goat cheese, the asparagus roll, and the mushroom pizzette. Everything was yummy, but the highlights were the mushroom pizzette (an 8 inch pizza with wild mushrooms, arugula, parmesan cheese, some mozzarella, and a drizzle of truffle oil) and the beets.  The beets were just really, really good.  Third was the BLT salad - bacon, lettuce, marinated tomatoes with a savory blue cheese dressing.  If we weren't in a nice place, I think my husband would have licked the plate. Service was also outstanding.  The waitress was very helpful, and when I found a small piece of aluminum foil in my asparagus roll (a spring roll of asparagus and prosciutto) it was whisked away and a new plate returned with apologies and the explanation that a bit of the brie wrapper had snuck in somehow.  It was also taken off our bill, even though we ate every bite of the delicious replacement. The wine list was also extensive and had something for everyone.  The wines by the glass are a steal - we'll just call it a generous pour for an average price. I would recommend this place to anyone heading out to Buffalo.
What a hidden gem.... well not so hidden... but it is stuck along a street of bars that attract a young (drunk) crowd.  We finally decided to give this place a whirl on a Friday night. It wasn't too busy but it damn near should be! You walk into an intimate dining room with very polite staff.  The menu is very original with a drink menu that has a good selection of international wines.  We decided to make up a cheese plate with some delicious varieties.  The menu has small plates available as well. I chose the beet salad  which was very large, fresh and flavorful. I believe most of the small plates we were told are big enough to share. Then I followed that with the duck and risotto which was phenomenal! The skin was just as crispy as you would like it to be and the risotto was melt in your mouth.  I would eat that again and again.  We toyed about dessert for a few minutes but ended up getting the sticky toffee cake special which was pure sex!  That really needs to make it's way onto the permanent menu!  It was just the right size of delectable sweetness.  We were so happy after this meal and will 100% returning.... maybe soon enough to catch that dessert one more time!
When someone is looking for a recommendation for a romantic dinner in Buffalo, I would definitely advise Bacchus. This place was amazing with the ambiance of a quiet evening with someone special. The food was great and I always remember that this place was my first encounter with risotto and fell in love ever since. A little expensive, but you get what you pay for. If you want to impress a date, go here
Loved this place!  Went during a trip to Buffalo and had a late dinner (10:30) on a rainy night with two friends.  The service was impeccable.  The wine list extensive (if not a little TOO pricey - high markups on most bottles) and my zucchini and goat cheese pasta was AMAZING.  I also tried my friend's duck (outstanding) and the salmon.  Everything was perfection!  I loved the freshly baked bread, but didn't have room for dessert.  Maybe next time!  One of the best restaurants in downtown Buffalo!
This is one of my favorite special occasion restaurants in Buffalo.  Great menu and wine list, and the service is always excellent.  Most of the time I'm here, it's for a work event that my employer pays for, so price is not an issue.  Once or twice a year, I will splurge and go on my own dime.  It's pricey, but it's worth every penny.  My favorite is the salmon with pecan crust.
So very, very disappointing!  Two of us stopped here before the theater last night for wine and cheese and perhaps a small plate or two.  We left more than a little disappointed. The service was friendly and efficient and the wine that my date chose (a 1997 Hugel Riessling) was AMAZING!! Unfortunately it was downhill from there.  First we ordered a cheese plate to go with our wine.  Now, there's a TERRIFIC selection of cheeses at Bacchus. Unfortunately for me, they were out of my fave, "Purple Haze".  Oh well, I can be flexible and order other things.... and they did have another favorite, Manchego.  So we ordered a few varieties and they were brought out in a reasonable amount of time, but (and here's the first problem) they were just plopped on the plate.  And, it was a dinner plate at that.  And, they were all kind of overlapped.  What person who knows ANYTHING about cheeses does that?  The plate itself was kind of sad looking too with nothing but a bunch of grapes and a few toasted walnuts for a garnish.  In all fairness though, the bread brought to the table (in particular, the olive bread) was pretty darn delicious! For my dinner I chose a Caesar salad and the salmon special which was described by our waiter as fennel crusted and topped with an apple slaw.  Well, the Caesar was drowning in dressing and topped with a Parmesan crisp that couldn't be cut with a knife and fork, let alone chewed.  And the salmon (which I imagined would be cooked!) was RAW!!! .  Like carpaccio.  About 5 slices sitting atop some green goo and topped with the anticipated slaw.  I sent it back without so much as a taste.  If I wanted raw fish (and I NEVER do) I would have gone out for sushi! Again... just to be fair I must let you know that my friend loved his butternut squash risotto with duck confit.  I can't comment because I don't eat that kind of thing.  I couldn't even taste the risotto because it was "ducky" through and through.
This is probably one of my favorite spots for fine dining in Buffalo.  I love the ambiance, the food, and the service.  It is close to home, and the film series is really awesome in the summertime.
Best food I ate in a long time and great service!!! Please try the salmon, you wont be disappointed
Was in town on business and stopped by for dinner. Atmosphere was quiet (you could hold a conversation comfortably), low light and comfortable. Wine selection was commendable (at least I liked it). Food was excellent (I had the swordfish special). Service was good. Prices were a little higher than average but not bad. I would recooment this place to others.
Fantastic, the small plates are big, the entrees are wonderful. Great place to eat.  One of the best restaurants in Buffalo.
ABSOLUTELY PHENOMENAL! Yelp lead us to this restaurant and I'm sooo glad they did. The environment for this place is modern and sexy...I was loving the bottles they served the H2O in. The chairs are perfect (you know they are those black - high backed swivel comfy ones that sit low to the ground), service is amazing, and the wine list is incredible, I would recommend this place to everyone who ever comes to Buffalo. I had the Ahi and my girlfriend had the salmon, the best both of us have ever had. Their olive bread was great and the vinegar/oil/pepper = amazing...you will be impressed! Definitely check this place out!
Very nice decor, of course a very good wine list although a little weak on wine by the glasses at least for a restaurant with its name. Dining by myself however I did appreciate the small but very high quality half bottle selection. I ended up just getting two appetizers - the wild mushroom soup which was excellent with good thickness and taste. I followed that up with soft shell crab which was on a skewer with heirloom tomatoes, avocado and bacon. Tasty but crab was a little on the cool side. Despite a slow Tuesday night service was slow so I don't know what caused that or the less than hot crab. Overall definitely worth visiting they had a good mix of interesting foods on the menu I just didn't have a big appetite to try more out.
Had dinner there on Friday, 11/1.  Reservations were for 7:30.  The food was outstanding, but the service was absolutely horrible.  We waited for at least 10 full minutes before anyone approached the table for a drink order.  It took another full 10 minutes to get the drink.   Needless to say the rest of the evening went that way.  A lot of time waiting.  I'm not sure why, most of the tables were taken but there wasn't a line of people waiting to be seated.   I am guessing they just did not have enough staff working.  The waiter apologized for the wait time on more than one visit so he was aware that it was bad.   The food however was wonderful, everything from the appetizer to the entree, outstanding, hat's off to the chef.
I wasn't quite sure what to expect when I walked down the block that this restaurant resides on.  Boy, was I surprised!  It was fantastic.  By far, one of the best meals I had in Buffalo.  The service was impeccable and the servers were extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  We had a fantastic meal and a great window seat.  Honestly, there must have been some kind of street fair going on near by because plenty of costumed folks walked by.  Entertainment for all!  I'll be back to Bacchus for sure the next time I am in Buffalo.
I had been wanting to try Bacchus for quite some time. The reviews are great and I've heard the same from friends. So I made reservations for last Saturday night at 8:00. I planned on using the valet but there was a line of 4 cars at the valet stand and if I would've gotten in line, I would have been parked in the middle of the Franklin intersection. So we drove around looking for a street spot and then settled on the ramp. We arrived in the restaurant at 8:05 and there were two couples ahead of us waiting for the hostess, who was nowhere to be found. Eventually she brought the first couple to their table and then I witnessed her walking around the restaurant, talking to various patrons at tables and the bar. This is fine for the host to do but only when there aren't people waiting to be seated. We sat down at our table at 8:15, which would have been perfectly acceptable had the hostess told us to have a drink at the bar while our table was being prepared. She, however, said nothing to us. This was not a good start to the evening but I had high hopes for the food and service. Unfortunately, I didn't have the chance to experience either. We literally sat at our table without a word from ANY employee for 25 minutes. A waiter came to the table directly next to us twice without any acknowledgment of our presence. At 8:40 we got up from the table and left, passing the hostess again without a word from her. Like I said, I've heard very good things about the food and I've always been baffled as to why there are ALWAYS OpenTable reservations available for Bacchus for every time slot, every night of the week. I now know why. When we got back to the ramp, we called Tappo and they told us a table had just opened up and they would hold it for us. The experience was like night and day. The second I sat down, the waitress was at  the table introducing herself and asking how we were. Plus, I found an almost identical bottle of Pinot Noir at Tappo for $15 that was on the Bacchus wine list for $39. Needless to say, I won't be trying Bacchus any time soon.
i like to go here on saturday nights for drinks, they have the best pomegranete cosmos in buffalo.  i have also eaten there, they have an awesome BLT Salad.  my friend had the duck, which she also enjoyed very much.   during the summer, they show films on their back patio on wednesday nights...it's fun for a nice night out. and of course, being a wine bar, they have an extensive wine list.  i deffin
Fun place to have a bottle of wine and dinner. Our service was slow due to a large party, and our waiter was very apologetic. Not a big deal since I was on vacation and in no rush.
This place is a true gem in Buffalo.  I was in town on bizz and we went there after yelping buffalo.  This place was great.  The salad with the warm croutons was special.  One guy had the seafood bouillbase that was great.  I had the pork chop and it was unbelievable, the home made bbq sauce was addicting.  I would have licked the plate if I could.  Great wine list, also great drinks.  Fantastic service.  5 stars all around.
Delicious food, exciting and reasonably priced wine by the glass and great space.  I started with the roasted beet salad with orange and goat cheese which was delicious!  Then had the steamed PEI mussels in white wine and garlic broth.  Both were delicious!  Other dishes being ordered at the bar looked equally wonderful.  Portions were very generous.  Olive bread with dipping sauce was also great.  I will be back soon to try some of their other offerings.
Recently ate here for the first time, and considering how much I love and enjoy the Buffalo restaurant scene, I can't believe I haven't eaten here sooner.  It is a great restaurant, and you can get out of here for a very reasonable amount of money.  Two of us shared 4 small plates and a bottle of wine and after tip it was $90.  Not to mention, the four small plates were too many!  We got a bistro steak, cooked perfectly with awesome parmesan fries, a fantastic Tuna tartar, a great calamari dish with an excellent sweet chili sauce, and then a beet and goat cheese salad.  They were all huge, and our eyes were definitely bigger than our stomachs. I would definitely recommend this place, and will be back again soon. Free valet is an excellent option for those going to the theater district as well. We weren't going to a show, but nice to know of the option, since you can leave your car there during the show!
Excellent food.  Extensive wine list though a bit expensive.  Very nice service and the presentation of the food was also excellent.  Just watch the bill you receive after you sign it.  Ours was higher than I signed off on with no justification so I will have to get that fixed with CC Company.
absolutely delicious!  tried out the restaurant week deal...hubs ordered off the special menu while i got a chicken dish that was from their regular selection.  i don't usually eat chicken skin, but this was just about the most mouth-wateringly-delicious deliciousness i've ever tasted.  dessert was great...service was too.  extremely friendly..also talked to the manager about helping with a fundraising project i was doing at the time.  really great experience!
Great dinner, great service, an innovative menu.  The waiter was informative and helpful, especially about the size of the of entrees. Several of us chose 2 apps/small plates, the others entrees and split salads. Excellent timing for Shea's.
Not one to look for faults, although like anyone observe them when they occur . Bacchus presented none! All offerings were first class. If I'm ever lucky enough to visit Buffalo in the future I will make another reservation. xx
Great atmosphere and service. Menu options were good and interesting. I have the truffle wild mushroom pizza appetizer which was very good. Then the asparagus soup, which had great presentation and color but very salty.  My main large plate was a shrimp crusted Mahi Mahi. Good on the presentation again but the shrimp part was overly salted.. I couldn't finish it. Interesting combination of shrimp and fish though.  With less salt, it would have been excellent.  the worst part was its really long wait for the food. It took us a total of 3 hrs there to get all the food for three courses. They can definitely improve on this.
I;ve been to this restaurant several times in the past two years and it doesn't disappoint.  The ambiance is conducive to fine-dining:  charming decor, excellent service, just enough "buzz" to be able to engage in conversation without going deaf.  And the food has been to die for.  The asparagus bisque is something to dream about!  I wish the street traffic didn't make me feel guilty about the fabulous food but downtown Buffalo can be challenging.  Go, no matter what!  And use the valet parking right in front.
I visited Bacchus with a group of friends for a birthday celebration and was thrilled with both the food and service. The food is tasty and creative. Although the main plates are very pricey,  the small plates offer a cost friendly way to sample  the diverse menu. Our group tried a series of appetizers, and the portions were generous enough to share. Some of the highlights included mussels in a rich and flavorful herb broth, a prosciutto, mushroom, truffle pizza, a butternut squash and duck risotto, and a delicious beet carpaccio. The only dish that was lackluster was the tuna tartar, which could have used a bit more seasoning and spiciness given the Asian flavors. The deserts were fantastic as well. When it came time to leave, the hostess gave us a brief tour of the new addition to the restaurant ( the Old Third Room) and explained that they expanded the patio for movie screenings in summer! The elegant and cozy ambiance, delicious food, friendly service, and outdoor seating make this place a great dining choice for any season!
Great atmosphere, friendly service. Most of our dishes were excellent. We ordered the cheese plate and a few small plates. Small plate portions are generous. The four star rating is for the speed. Granted we weren't in a hurry, it was an almost three hour event and at least one of our dishes was burned. The waiter explained they had a large party and the kitchen was working to keep up.  I get it, we saw the 20+ person group.  But either staff accordingly, limit the menu, or break up large groups. I noticed others who arrived later didn't have the same problem we had so I think it was just bad timing. I'd go back and recommend this place.
Excellent food, great atmosphere, highly recommend.
Great food, The decor is pretty cool and modern, updated since my last time here. Really good mussels,and we enjoyed our small plate selection. Service was a little "unhurried " but decent. Parking was a problem and we  found a ticket stuck to our van when we left. Overall a very nice place though.
I may finally have a favorite restaurant. I had dinner on a Tuesday evening (5:30 reservation, they open at 5). It was empty when we got there and still empty when we left (6:30). This may explain why we didn't experience service issues (as noted in some other reviews). Our waitress was flawless. She knew the menu, the specials, understood the ingredients and could talk about comparative flavors. She didn't read from an index card or stutter through a memorized recital. She *knew* the dishes. I was impressed.  Her services, and that of the busboy, were attentive, but we were also the only table in the entire restaurant. My friend order two small plates (seared scallops and soft shell crab) and I ordered a large plate (mahi-mahi with herb risotto and asparagus). All three dishes were amazing. The prices were reasonable for a nice dinner out. I think my dish was $38. The waitress mentioned they were open for lunch now and the lunch menu (see photos) is also reasonably priced (~$10). Bacchus has great atmosphere. It makes for wonderful people watching opportunities, if you're a fan of that. The food is well prepared and the menu is INTERESTING. They have FREE valet ... On Chippewa! And if you're heading to a show,  the waitress said guests were allowed to leave their cars in valet and walk over to Shea's, etc. On top of all that, there are movies. Movies! During the summer at dusk they show them outside in the courtyard. And this year, they added a second movie night each week just for chick flicks. Good food, table service, a full bar, AND a movie? This has SUCH a great neighborhood feel!
Ever wanted to know what Fall "tastes" like? The Sweet Potato Ravioli actually tastes like you are eating Autumn on a plate.  It tantalizes your taste buds -- there is nothing like it around.   Oh -- and the Cauliflower Bisque is amazing.  And don't forget to try the Avocado Fries as a starter to share.  Like little pillows of heaven. The only reason I hesitate on the 5th star is because the service can get a bit slow, even if they are not busy.  But if you have time to kill, go here!
Disappointment does have a name and it's name is Bacchus. Ugh. After perusing the menu earlier in the evening, we set a reservation for 8pm. We arrived at 7:55 and were seated just about immediately. Our waitress acknowledged us a few minutes in and we were so hungry and ready that we each ordered a cocktail and our appetizer and meal right then (at about 8:05). One star is designated solely for the extremely attentive bus boys that served us water and bread (which was often and a lot, as you'll soon find out). Thank you, boys. So about 10-15 minutes later we've gone through our first batch of delicious bread and great oil/vinegar dip (they add basil and it's done with a nice touch) and we still haven't gotten our cocktails. We stop our waitress and ask and she then goes to the bar to grab them (they sat for a while as I saw the bartender make it at least 5 minutes prior) and she then bring them to us. Great, thank you. Then about 10 minutes after that, we finally got our calamari and rock shrimp appetizer. The app was in a chili flake glaze and it was actually quite good and thank goodness we ordered it as we'd realize it would later help tide us over. Sooo almost an hour after being seated and ordering, at around 8:55 we realize it's been this long and we STILL hadn't gotten our entrees. Our waitress probably realized we were upset and decided to not bother because in this hour time period, she visited our table maybe 3 times. We were trying to sip our cocktails as slow as possible hoping to save them for dinner (we were hesitant to order a second drink thinking it might take an hour to get that). Thanks again, here, for the bread boys. Finally we asked out waitress around 9:05 and she explained they were behind due to a private party, even though the actual restaurant wasn't that busy, and walked towards the kitchen and finally came out with our entrees. Mind you we ordered the mussels appetizer as a meal and a simple mahi mahi and risotto dish. Yes, those are pretty simple and quick to make. We were cranky and I didn't want to be too critical when eating but we finished our plates in maybe 4 minutes. They were fine but it was nothing to really savor. It's not my style but my dining partner decided to speak to a manager. Not expecting anything, as we had already paid, but to just inform them that it was unacceptable that we ordered within 5 minutes of sitting and waited 20 minutes for drinks, 30 for an appetizer, and over an hour for our meals. She kindly gave us a gift card that we'll pass along and it probably won't be used but she earned a star. So, a star for the busboys and manager and a star for the decent setting and ambiance. We won't be back.
Best restaurant in Buffalo! Staff is always friendly and the manager, Catherine, is totally amazing. Chef Brian is a culinary genius. Service is always on point and very impressive.
my visit was a pleasant surprise. I entered having no expectations nor had anyone recommend to go. I will how ever will highly recommend to others to visit. From entering into the restaurant to walking out, the staff was very  pleasant and professional.  The decor was appealing and warming. Unlike many restaurants in Buffalo the meal lived up to the price point. I ordered the duck which might be the best meal I have had in Buffalo and will return again at some point so to sample other dishes.
I went here for lunch and it was fantastic. Started with the avocado fries and the very delicious and light due to the tempura like breading used. I got their special which was a steak hoagie. The flank was well prepared and marinated, and the goat cheese spread was very light and flavorful. I haven't been for dinner, but their lunch options are great and affordable.
Highly recommend Bacchus across the board. Food was fantastic, service was outstanding, & the atmosphere and location are tough to match. To sum it up in five words:  We will be back soon!!
Great food, service and atmosphere.  What else could you ask for?  Oh, and the complementary valet service.  That is definitely an advantage Bacchus has.  Who wants to deal with WNY weather??
A very cool spot with great ambiance and friendly service.  They don't have an enormous menu, but everything they do, they do well (what an odd concept).  And of course, there's a really good selection of wines and accompaniments.  Definitely a nice way to spend a rainy evening on Chippewa.
Amazing, amazing, amazing.... Best restaurant on Chippewa for sure! I go here often and the meal is always great. Valet parking, great wine, great servers, and a great space. Can get loud at time when the place is packed but the taste of the food will make up with that. They have a great selection of different types of food and a lot of nice specialty cocktails. Best bread basket in the city with delicious Olive bread and crunchy thins. Favorite things on there menu personally are the Seared Scallops and Bacchus "Bouillabaisse."
This is one of my favorite "fancy" restaurants in Buffalo. Decor is very modern, clean, elegant looking. Dining area is very spacious, there is thankfully no bumping into other tables. Tables are enormous and spacious. Service is very attentive and polite. Noise level is at a buzz so you don't have to hear other people's conversations. Food is new american. Portions are just right- not tiny not enormous. I've never had leftovers here! A lot of options and all of the food comes out looking structure/ visually pretty. Taste is great too. With all of the fancy decor and food, expect $100 for 2 people- appetizer, entrees and drinks, tip. 3-4 years ago, the crowd was mostly MUCH older and the dining stopped actually BEFORE 8pm! I was there once for dinner at 8 and we were the last diners there! NOW it's completely different, word must have picked up that this is a great restaurant because it's packed even in dead of winter at 830pm completely booked. I would call for a reservation so that you don't get stuck at the bar if you want a giant table to yourself. Overall, great for any special occasion!
I am originally from the Chicagoland area and have been to many of the good steakhouses there.  I would put Bacchus pretty high up there on my list.  I went on a business dinner and we ordered several apps.  The scallops and spicy shrimp both stood out.  I had the Gorgonzola Ribeye for dinner and it was soooo delicious.  I usually do not like cheese on my steak, but it worked.  Not too salty which is what concerned me.  They also cooked it to a perfect medium rare which is what I ordered.
We were in for New Years  from California visiting family and had a completely wonderful meal. There were 4 of us and we each had different entrees so we had the ability to taste each meal. Had the Salmon, Duck, Chicken and Filet and each one was superb! The appetizers were yummy too, especially the mussels - delightful! Desert was fantastic. Overall we had the perfect end to a wonderful year at this restaurant. If you need a restaurant for a special occasion or just want a wonderful meal, eat here! Thanks to the entire staff for a great experience.
Sloooooooowwwww service. It seems they spend 90% of their energy running drinks (as it is a wine bar) and not enough to checking on their tables. It took our waitress 45 minutes to take our check after we'd finished. She was too busy filling wine glasses. They should either hire more waitstaff or hire some drink runners. The food was good, but not outstanding. They really should charge less if I were to consider coming back. Or at least step up their game. I was looking forward to trying the wine ice cream, but they no longer serve it apparently. Overall, the restaurant was nice. Good ambiance, older crowd. I don't think it belongs on Chippewa though. The view out the window is the crammed patio of some lowbrow strip bar.
"One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well." - Virgina Woolf And dine well at Bacchus you shall. That's what this Psuedo-Yelp fortune cookie tells you. Atmosphere: Elegant white tablecloths, a dimly lit, but open atmosphere and a creative magnificent menu that's put together by chef/owner Brian Mietus. You can't help but feel like one of those powerful, wealthy people who have it all when you come here. Perhaps you are one of those people, or maybe you just saved up the $70-100 you need for a nice dinner for 2 here. Either way, the atmosphere lends you to dress up just a little bit but would still be comfortable if you're dressed casually. My fiancé and I came here to celebrate a little occasion before enjoying a play at The New Phoenix Theater and we experienced nice, prompt service and stunning mouthwatering eats. Food: It's quite a feat when a chef can have a restaurant bring out flawless food from his menu even when he's out of town and not in the kitchen. When we came here, the chef was out of town, but that did not matter at all - the food was still amazing. The menu is split up into small plates and entrees and we were served some bread with olive oil/vinegar before the meal started. We chose to share one small plate and get an entree each. For our small plate, we ordered the fried figs. Despite not being an overt fan of raw figs, these were sublime. The way they were cooked really brought out their flavor and added a nice crispiness to it. For my entree, I had the chicken breast over mashed potatoes, while my fiancé ordered the Halibut (which was cooked to medium and had a large depth of flavor). The chicken breast, while probably one of the least spendy items on the menu is hearty, a nice portion and prepared well. The waiter recommended it over the duck after I asked him which would likely fill me up better, so I ended up choosing it. Chicken is such a simple dish, yet the kitchen really did a fantastic job and ensuring all the flavors were apparent. Simple, but delightful and hearty. I ate every last bite and cleaned my plate. Yum. They also have an extensive wine list and a really comfortable bar area if you're just looking to relax with a glass and try some small plates. What would have elevated this dining experience to a five-star experience for us: more locally sourced items/meats/options on the menu from nearby farms. The waiter didn't seem to know if any of the meats were locally sourced when I asked. I'd love if they at least had a few options on the menu each day clearly labeled as sourced from nearby farms. I'd imagine they would taste even better! Despite that, fantastic food, prompt, professional service and a beautiful ambiance. Can't wait to come back again!
We (business travelers) returned for dinner this week, after a 6 year absence. The quality and experience remains excellent, one of the best restaurants in Buffalo.  This time I had the  special halibut over curried vegetables that included peas, potatoes, hominy, corn and more.  Cooked perfectly, rare as requested.  We had port and shared a cheese plate for dessert -- their variety was excellent, we chose 3 types. Their wine list is excellent, too.
What a great meal! I had the small plate special- fig, prosciutto , salad with Gorgonzola fritters and a balsamic reduction. This was followed up with rack of lamb cooked perfectly and served with grilled asparagus and risotto. Finished with creme brûlée and French press coffee. Finally the service was great. You need to stop by here for dinner.
Excellent place for a pre-Shea's meal.  We had a 5:30pm reservation on a Wednesday before our 7:30pm show @ Shea's (Book of Mormon!)  We were seated promptly, the watier asked if we were going to a show & kept our service moving right along.  We were out by 7:10pm (there did seem to be a bit of a delay between our small plates & our main dishes, but without being asked the waiter told us he had inquired about our meals & they would be coming out shortly - they did.) Small plates were: the beet salad with goat cheese (scrumptious - the fried goat cheese & citrus vinegarette were the perfect compliment to the beets), softshell crab special (delicious), and the rock shrimp & calamari (a litte on the spicy side & not that unique - seems everyone's got fried calimari on their menu these days.  BUT - it was light fried & perfectly tender - not rubbery at all. Nicely done.) Large plates: Shrimp-crusted mahi mahi, and a salmon dish.  I tasted the mahi mahi & it was good; I am not a huge fan of fish so I don't have a lot to compare it to, but both companions decared their meal a hit.  I went for the carbonara: pork belly with a poached egg over homemade gnocchi & pea puree cream sauce.  This?  Is scrumptious!  I always think I'm going to love pork belly, then I rarely do because it ends up being dried/charred meat with a lot of fat.  Not this time - it was awesome!  The gnocchi were a little odd - they looked like long tubes rather than little pillows.  Different presentation, or did someone forget to cut them?  LOL - no matter, they were light & airy. My one little complaint - website online is NOT accurate/UTD.  We were disappointed that there were no scallops on the menu anymore, esp. after thinking about eating them all day.  :(
tasty food and great wine selection! Crème brûlée desert was awesome.
Bacchus is by far one of the best restaurants in Buffalo.  A group of over 20 of us had a reservation at a different restaurant fall through on us last-minute, so we walked to Bacchus. They accommodated us immediately without fuss, sat us in the PRIVATE ROOM, and gave us all menus. The food was delicious, and we hardly had to wait despite the fact that we showed up unannounced! I will be forever grateful for this. I've been there a few times and always love it every time. They are professional, courteous, friendly, and serve amazing food and wine.   They have an amazing rotation of entrees - I loved the duck breast! All of the small plates are phenomenal (highly recommend the beets and goat cheese), and the ambience is fantastic. Thanks, Bacchus. I will definitely keep returning!
This place is amazing!!! We are from Chicago and we were impressed! Good stuff thank you for such a great dinner!
Restaurant Week! Very cool vibe, excellent food, great drink menu! Their restaurant week menu for $20.14 basically was a  choice of beverage (wine, soda, beer), small plate, and dessert; so not your typical three course meal. At first I was a little off put by that, but after the food I can say that it was worth it. Wine- Ludovicus Red- Although I was having fish for dinner, I love reds. The waiter suggested this lighter Spanish red blend which was light, easy on the tannins, yet fruity. (Sidenote- The label really did remind me of Orange is the New Black (for the lazy- tinyurl.com/oyts7fk ) Entree- Salmon- Small portion but good god this was yummy. Smoked salmon had amazing flavor, not overly salted on top of a breaded multigrain cake which compliment the flavor well. This was garnished with sliced green apple and somehow the flavors blended well but also kept you guessing, I was impressed. Calamari w/Shrimp- Larger dish of the small plates and cooked to perfection. The calamari was crispy and shrimp fresh. Dessert- Chocolate Cake- For me this is difficult to screw up and it was delicious. Good end to the meal I will def think of Bacchus again for dinner, its a very pretty place and perfect for a date night. The waiter was very pleasant and aggreed that the wine label did remind him of the show ;)  I will be coming back again!
Dear Bacchus, PLEASE update the menu on your website. I REALLY want to give you five stars because I have now had two amazing experiences at your restaurant. However, I find it unprofessional to advertise dishes that you have long stopped serving plus, there are new plates to be added. I joined my Aunt and sister here for dinner the other night. Complimentary bread was brought to the table with seasoned olive oil, something we all really appreciate. My sister and I shared a bottle of Pinot Grigio and we ordered two appetizers for the three of us to share. Those were the Crispy Calamari & Shrimp (AMAZING! I could have eaten the entire plate myself) and the Steamed Mussels in white wine, lemon and garlic sauce; also very good. For dinner, we all ordered the Mahi Mahi with seasoned risotto & grilled asparagus (see photo). We were in heaven throughout the entire meal. Although I know she really values being a stay at home mom, upon tasting the the Mahi Mahi dish, my sister said it made her wish she hadn't stopped cooking professionally. Me personally, I wanted more of that risotto! For dessert, my Aunt decided to sit the round out. My sister ordered the Crème Brûlée, which I had tried last time. I chose the Crème brûlée Cheesecake instead. It was SO good that I dreamed about it that night. Seriously! Our server was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. I'd like to give my Aunt 5 stars for inviting me to this dinner which was part of a theater outing she had planned with my sister. I would also like to challenge any relatives that read this to steal her title as "Favorite Family Member" ...please see my profile, tab "bookmarked" - "to try" for ideas :)
I've been here twice, 1st time was on April 22nd when they were hosting the Meet and Greet with one of the worlds best travelers: Anthony Bourdain. I got to shake his hand, he signed my copy of Kitchen Confidential, I asked him a couple of Questions and then I got a Picture with him, then afterwards I dove in to some of the Hors D'oeuvre's: Beef Tenderloin sliders, Foie Gras custard with Dried Cherries, Egg custard with Caviar, a fine glass of Chardonnay, Salmon carpaccio and eating some of the Finest Cheeses that night was one of the best nights of my life !!!. The 2nd time was on June 5 I had a $ 20 gift certificate that I got as a Christmas gift from a friend. When I walked in they instantly recognized me cuz I was posted in their (Anthony Bourdain) album on Facebook, They Welcomed us and treated us with great Hospitality. It was nice to eat by the Window, For me I got the Steak & Eggs (Beef Carpaccio topped with a Crostini and perched with a Sunny Side Up Egg, arugula salad, Shaved Parmagiano-Reggiano and with just a hint of Truffle Oil) I never thought of having Steak & Eggs like that, then for my Entrée, I had the Carbonara (House Cured Pork Belly topped with a Poached Egg on a bed of Sautéed Spinach with Garlic Pea Tendrils, Homemade Potato Gnocchi and finished with an English Pea Puree (Crispy pork, nice Al dente gnocchi and the Pea puree was smooth and velvety. My grandma got one of their special entrees: Pan Roasted Halibut over Herb Risotto with Sautéed Asparagus, Steamed Mussels and finished with a Tomato-Fennel Broth. My uncle got 3 small plates: The Asparagus Bisque with Parmesan and Crispy Prosciutto, the Crispy Calamari and Rock Shrimp and the Open Faced Soft Shelled Crab Sandwich. I also got a Picture with Chef Brian Meitus, I can't wait to come back for a 3rd Time !!!
We walked in without a reservation and were accommodated right away. Very welcoming staff. I had a great Chardonnay by the glass. Little did I know that this is an award winning wine bar as well. Fairly small menu but there are many specials. We started with the mussels and some phenomenal bread. Bread remains for me a true barometer of the restaurants ability to serve good food. This bread was dense and chewy with small pieces of olives running through it. All four of us ordered a special of short ribs. They were served with grilled asparagus and a risotto finished off with truffle oil. Every plate was perfectly clean!
When in doubt, rely on Yelpers.  I tried this place out based on its outstanding Yelp reviews, I was not misled.   The service is phenomenal, the setting is quiet and great for a dinner meeting, and the food is amazing for the price.   I found duck on the menu, which is always a delicacy.  It isn't easy cooking duck.  There's a lot of marinating and preparation involved just get the flavor right.  This place knows how to cook a good duck.  It's seared just right and the flavor is right. Enjoy.
I took my family to Bacchus to celebrate a special occassion. Everything about this place was top notch. The service was awesome, the wine list was endless and the food was delicious. I was worried about the parking situation but they offer free vallet parking if you pull up in front of the restaurant. I ordered a 16 oz NY strip steak and it was cooked perfectly. The wine was really good, the food was excellent and the service was perfect. I will definitely be back again. The price wasn't bad at all either. For 6 people with drinks, the bill came to about $50 a person which is very reasonable for fine dining. Definitely check this place out. I wish there was more like it in downtown Buffalo.
Great food Relaxed, quiet atmosphere Great place for a nice evenIng out
For a stab in the dark (sort of), I couldn't have been more pleased with my time at Bacchus... Just a short jaunt (2 blocks) from my hotel (Embassy Suites), Bacchus is a warm, inviting, large restaurant with a bustlin' bar area. I had actually planned on sitting at the bar to meet a few folks, but it was so packed when we arrived at 6ish (I searched for the happy hour special that would explain it, and found nothing) it was busy, busy. Perhaps an after work event or something, but nonetheless...good energy. I was seated at a pleasant two-top, and being a recent NYC transplant...marveled at the amount of elbow room. Glorious! After being situated with a drink menu, I selected a Cabernet Sauvignon by the glass (approx $8), which was lovely. I ordered one of the specials (The Pork Chili) which was far better than I could've imagined. Tender chunks of pork in a green chili, pieces of hominy, a tad bit of sneaky spice and served with a killer bread plate and olive oil/balsamic mix. Perfect for the cold weather that had crept in... I'm unfamiliar with the area, but several people have informed me that Chippewa can get pretty rowdy. I imagine that Bacchus is a shelter from the storm. Dark, rich tones, a fairly sophisticated vibe, without an air of snob to be seen. Our service was excellent, attentive and he made superb recommendations. This is a GREAT spot for dinner with most types of groups (ok any group that likes wine is a group I want to be a part of), a few drinks and appetizers, or it would seem a great private event (props to Megan K for the details on that!). I'd def be interested to check out their Film Series (summer) or wine classes if I were a Buffalo resident! Notes: *Complimentary valet. *Reservations accepted via Open Table.
Bacchus is one of those places that I never think to go to.  I walk past it about a dozen or so times per week, as its in my neighborhood, but whenever it comes time to decide where to eat, I always seem to graze over it as an option.  Maybe it's the fact that there's no parking (albeit they offer a complimentary valet service) but I just never think "Let's go to Bacchus tonight."   Well, that stops now.   Last Saturday I was in a heated IPhone group message battle with three of my buddies about where to go to dinner.  Back and forth, to and fro, "Papaya."  "Prime490."  "Remington."  "Screw you bro, I am not driving out to North Tonawanda..."  This went on for about 30 minutes before we settled on Bacchus, which was a really great idea.   Our reservation was at 8:30, which meant for our fourth friend - Steve, he'd show up around 9:15.  So, we had a drink at the bar and it turns out we knew the bartender and the house comp'd us an appetizer at the bar, which was a really great fried calamari and rock shrimp, with an orange sweet and sour glaze.  That was awesome stuff -- crispy, but not greasy. We took our time with dinner, enjoyed ourselves and dined slowly.  I had the wedge salad, which was different for me - because the bacon was still warm.  Iceberg lettuce is pretty easy deal for most restaurants to handle, so the salads are usually plated ahead of time.  This one must not have been, because the bacon was still hot with a little oil left on it - which is awesome.  The warmness of the bacon actually wilted the grape tomatoes a little bit.  Sometimes, its the little things.   I had the pork chop Milanese, which was awesome - fried crispy and brown.  Thin and plentiful, with a really great flavor.  The bone was still in, so as I worked my way closer to it, the meat started get even more flavorful - almost, dare I say -- smoky.   I reccomend it -- quite amazing.     All in all, I had a really great meal - which will lead me to say next time we dine, "Let's go to Bacchus tonight."
Bacchus is fabulous. Hands down the best dining experience I have ever had in Buffalo. My husband and I had our rehearsal dinner here and being that it was held on New Year's Eve, the restaurant opened 2 hours early JUST for us! We had the entire restaurant to ourselves for 2 hours on a holiday! It was amazing. It was special. I am so so so grateful. The decor is warm and inviting. You feel like you're in Napa instead of downtown Buffalo. It's a very charming restaurant with a romantic, intimate feel. Perfect for a date, a special occasion, or just a great meal with friends. It's perfect. And the food! OMG the food! Every person in my party was raving about the menu selection and how perfect everything was. Choices included a sea bass, Filet Mignon, roast chicken, butternut squash risotto, or swordfish. The appetizers consisted of a delicious mushroom soup (one of the best things I've ever eaten, I almost licked my bowl like a hungry puppy), a pear salad, or classic Caesar. Desserts were a chocolate torte, apple tarte, or selection of gelatos. Even though it was the night before my wedding- I ate as though I had been lost in the jungle for a month and surviving off of grubs. And I loved every minute of it. I stuffed my face with one course after the next with only the occasional pause for an "mmmmmmm" and a "holy crap this is so good I can die now." Obviously, being called Bacchus (The God of Wine- duh!), their wine selection is amazing and if wine isn't your thing (who are you!?!?!?) there's a full bar as well. Everyone was enjoying their selections. We bought a few bottles as well to give as gifts to some of our guests. They were incredibly happy about that. I made sure to personally thank the chef and the owner for such an amazing dinner and for the unbelievable service they offered me. I was blown away that I got such a VIP treatment and so were my guests. Everything about this meal and day was stellar. It ranks right up there next to my wedding as the greatest day ever. I cannot wait to go back!
This is my favorite restaurant in Buffalo, and quite possibly in the country. After my 8th? 9th? 10th? visit, I can't speak highly enough about it. The chef is inspired, and the food here has become my standard that I compare to when I visit any other restaurant. The service is consistently good, and the food is rich and fantastically complex - every bite is an explosion of flavor. The Caesar salad with fresh parmesan croutons and crispy cheese is amazing. I usually get the Filet Mignon and substitute it's standard side for the warm potato, bacon and spinach that typically accompanies another entree - and when I ask for the substitute the waiter agrees immediately - there are no pretentious arguments about what the chef will or won't do going on here. The steak is always cooked perfectly to mid-rare. It's moist and tender and cuts like butter, and the rich demi glace it's served with is amazing. It blends really nicely with the potato/bacon/spinach side. The parmesan mashed potatoes here are also quite nice. My wife has had a variety of fish dishes here and consistently raves about them. If I were forced to look for a negative I'd say that filtered water would be nice, and that some might find the potato/bacon/spinach side a little salty- but it's perfect for me. This restaurant is one of Buffalo's hidden jewels. You owe it to yourself to give it a try.
I have a friend who comes here every year for her birthday with a small group and the eats are always fantastic. They are a bit pricey, but their ingredients are excellent and the food that I have sampled is always perfect. I particularly love the corn chowder with shrimp fritters. Small plates are, well, small but typical in size for an upscale restaurant in the area. Their wine selection, of course, is excellent and reasonably priced. The outdoor movie series is such a fun time and unique to the area (make reservations, they book up fast). I'm really bummed they aren't doing the movie series this year, which is one of their biggest draws, due to updates in the patio area that are underway.  It's also really funny to watch super tan, bleach blond girls in $300 heels and a mini-dress trying to still look hot for their nuevo-riche dates whilst watching things like Slapshot and Happy Gilmore. Where they lose is service. The waiters/waitresses are often not terribly friendly and on one occasion, when it started to rain, they got extremely huffy when we asked to move off the patio indoors. Seriously?
I was extremely disappointed with Bacchus' hostess service. We were visiting from out of town and stopped in on a busy night. The hostess told us they were full, so we turned to leave, but she stopped us and added they should have tables within "15 to 20 minutes." As we waited, we noted the hostess was the only one busing tables. We saw people come, wait at the hostess stand, and leave without ever being greeted. An hour passed, and the hostess never checked in with us or provided an update. With half the restaurant now empty (there were over 10 tables open at that time including at least three that could accommodate our table) we stopped her and asked for an update. She didn't tell us when we might be seated but instead offered an excuse about how they can't control the crowd; rather than argue with her or point out that there were several available tables that could accommodate our group, we simply left. We all felt the hostess was impatient and brusque, so our party dined elsewhere. I don't object to a crowded restaurant being unable to seat my party, but I do hate when unreasonable wait times are provided, the restaurant fails to show any concern when their wait estimate proves wrong, and excuses are offered. (The only thing that prevented this from being a one-star review is that the bartender was hustling and offering great service. I'd stop at the bar again.)
While in Buffalo on a short business trip we stopped in for dinner at Bacchus. What a gem. The crowd was small, but the quality of the food was excellent. Starting with the Caesar Salad I was drawn to the unique flavor of the warm potato croutons. The entree was short ribs, one of the daily specials which were cooked to perfection, mouthwatering and tender. I topped off dinner with the orange Crème brûlée which was again excellent. The waitstaff was attentive and did not rush us through the meal. Next time I'm in Buffalo I will return to savor more of the menu Bacchus has to offer.
I was extremely disappointed with my dining experience at Bacchus on Saturday April 19. I was out to dinner with out of town family who had come to Buffalo for Easter and wanted a relaxing evening with great food, wine, and conversation. The evening held so much promise; our waiter was friendly and knowledgeable, atmosphere was sophisticated, and the appetizers were wonderful (The pan seared scallops were the best I have ever had!).  Everything went downhill from there.  Three out of 5 in our party ordered the filet mignon, cooked medium.  What we received was well done.  When we showed our waiter, he agreed and took the filets back. After waiting 20 minutes, we were presented with meat cooked very rare.  The waiter did not return to check on us, and the others in our party had finished eating, while we waited awkwardly.  I had to ask the hostess to send our waiter to the table and also asked to speak with a manager (who never came).  The waiter finally arrived and seemed curt and personally insulted when we once again told him that the filet mignon was not cooked to the medium we had ordered.  He challenged us stating, "Well the chef didn't know what you wanted."  We wanted medium.  I didn't think there was mystery involved there. He also said that he cut into our original piece and "didn't think it was that bad."  That's insulting.  He ended up boxing our entrees to go, then asked if we wanted dessert.  When we declined, it took an excessively long time to be presented with our check.  He attempted an apology for our disappointing dinner (the first we received) by saying, "this doesn't happen very often".  I can't shake the feeling that the whole situation was handled poorly.  We ordered the most expensive entree on the menu, and one of easiest cuts of meat to cook.  In a restaurant like Bacchus, how could it be cooked incorrectly...twice? To add insult to injury, the waiter's obvious offense was uncomfortable.  I will not return to Bacchus and I'm telling everyone I know of my experience.  There are so many wonderful restaurants in Buffalo and Bacchus had been high on my list.  This experience was unacceptable and has forever changed my impression.
Been here before and loved it but it has been a while - time to try again.  Yep they still have it.  The food is NOT ordinary.  Every dish is exploding with flavor and beautifully done.  We had a couple small plates - a fig, prosciutto, balsamic something that was amazing and a tomato lasagna - very yummy.  But the highlight was the halibut special!  I can't quite describe it - so many flavors blended into deliciousness.  If you like really different gourmet food we have got to go.
I want to give Bacchus a higher rating, I really do. The food was delicious (we had the  asian inspired duck and the blue-cheese encrusted NY Strip), the wine was delightful (champagne and a nice deep red), the atmosphere was calm and elegant on a Tuesday night. That said, it was a *tuesday night*, not terribly busy (ok, or busy at ALL), and while the waitstaff started off on a high note, the service got slower... and slower... and .... sl..o..w..er. For an appetizer, two entrees, and one dessert, we were there for over three hours. And no, I don't eat that slowly. I think my dessert was already digested by the time we had to tackle the waiter to get the check so we could get out of there. As a bonus, the portions were rather large, and provided for awesome leftovers.
Saw this restaurant at top of the list and felt compelled to add my experience - Atmosphere is warm and stylish, just what I look for. Service was on point and server was helpful and knowledgable Wine and cheese were great (our choices obviously) but good selection nonetheless -   Appetizer - we had the potato skins, again a hit, but here is where they lost us and other friends of mine who went the following night... Entrees were just ok. My ribeye had a Gorgonzola crust reminiscent of a clams casino stuffing that was as thick as the steak My date (a vegetarian) who only had one option on the menu other then salad was less then thrilled as well -  maybe our expectations got the best of us due to everything being spot on up until that point, so we went for dessert hoping to end on a high note (seeing as we did not really enjoy our entrées we still had room)  -  small chocolate cake was kind of dry / lame = once again eh... Final note if my server is reading this - you did a really good job, but an extra touch at the table to say thanks for a generous tip goes a  long way in this town.   I'll go back, but probably just for apps, wine and cheese.
I went on VDay with my husband, after reading recommendations on Yelp. Was the menu prix fixe...? I don't remember -- but the food was delicious and beautifully presented. My man and I both got seafood plates that were quite satisfying. My fish was tender and juicy, and the asparagus+rice accompaniment was delicious. The waiter gave me an odd look when I asked if there were any offerings where the ingredients were caught or grown locally. (The answer is no, fyi.) I guess I may have sounded like a yupster, but really I was just from out of town and was wondering what the region 'tastes like,' for lack of a better description. However he might have disagreed, he was nevertheless very attentive. Like Tiffany F. said, the menu does not have too many vegan/vegetarian options. Maybe it's just not an issue in Buffalo -- as someone who isn't all that into meat, it's something I noticed right away. Overall, my general thoughts are that while Bacchus does not get totally creative with their food, what they do offer is very delicious, and that certainly counts for something. I'd love to return, and would recommend this place to others if they ventured up there.
This place is all class and a perfect place for special moments of celebration with your loved ones. When you're not faced with those sappy moments of caring and special times you can enjoy a great selection of high end food and an even better selection of great wines to choose from that I might add, are very tasty indeed. Bacchus calls themselves a "Wine Mecca" which I would have to agree with considering the number of different bottles they have ready to be uncorked and enjoyed. There are over 200 types of wine to choose from, which can make even the most prestigious wine connoisseur's work cut out for him/her. The food is just what you should respect from a high caliber restaurant like this. Instead of me typing your ear off, go check out their menu here: ultimaterestaurants.com/… Once you look over the menu and see the diverse selections available to you, you'll have plenty of time to make a decision before entering the restaurant. If you still find yourself being indecisive and you need more time, or an explanation of a particular dish that you are confused on, the staff is very patient, respectful and most importantly professional. I recommend making reservations in advance as soon as possible. This place is popular for a reason, and you would be disappointing yourself if you got your hopes up and came to find out you'll have to reschedule a time to come back here on a different day, that could put a terrible damper on any plans you may have made. In the Summer time you can enjoy their film series showings that they have each Wednesday out on the patio, with the occasional encore showing on Thursdays. The movies that are being shown can be anything from a classic black and white movie to a captivating, fun and engaging newer movie. A projector is setup in the patio area that shows the screening of the movie on a drop down movie screen that's on the wall for viewing for the audience. This is one of my favorite upscale restaurants in Buffalo that I have nothing negative to say about. Go experience this great restaurant to treat yourself or a loved one to a great, healthy, insanely good meal. A+ for this entire place!
For my wife and me, this is hands down our favorite restaurant in Buffalo.  We have been back three times in the last year after trying it during Dining Out for Life last April, and every experience has been remarkable. I terms of wine, I can only say the list is expansive enough that I've never been limited and carefully chosen enough so that I have always enjoyed my selection. Although I know some different styles and regions, I don't know enough about wine to compare the selection to other wine bars. We most recently had dinner there about three weeks ago on a Friday night. It was busy but not full. The main courses are broken up into small plates and large plates. We shared an appetizer, 2 small plates and one large plate. The small plates can be large, which we had forgotten and over-ordered. (The waiter sort of reminded us but we didn't listen. It was no problem; we just packaged one dish up and ate it for lunch the next day.) I had the special Mahi Mahi grilled and served over creamy risotto and pomegranate seeds with a side of asparagus. The fish was slightly charred on the outside and pink inside. It's flavor was nicely complemented by the risotto, but the real treat was an occasional pomegranate seed or two, which added a tangy zap to the creamy sauce. I really thought it was a brilliant combination. One of my wife's "small plates" was the bistro steak with hand-cut fries. This is an adequate meal for anyone -- it's a medium sized steak smothered in an au poivre sauce and basket of fries. (If you check my last meal choice, you'll see why I appreciate this dish.) It has an incredibly rich, peppery and slightly salty flavor, and is an indulgence. The restaurant occupies one room and is wide open, and music is played softly enough that you can easily hold a conversation. There is a bar in the same room with a TV or two where we have occasionally stayed after dinner to watch the end of a hockey game. There is a free valet service. The restaurant is located in the middle of Chippewa, so there is easy access to the theater district or bars after dinner. I'd recommend Bacchus for a date you want to impress, special occasions, out-of-town guests, or just a day you want a fantastic meal.
Really nice hostess who gave us great tips for the area and for traveling to Toronto. The food was pretty good. I had an amazing Truffle Flatbread and Steak was pretty damn good. The only complaint I have is that we were trying to kill nats during our entire meal, it was pretty disgusting! Our waiter kinda shrugged it, they knew of the problem, gross!
I'd never been to Bacchus before last night, though I've known about it for years as the bougie place on Chippewa. I was meeting someone I'd never met before for an interview. As soon as I entered the restaurant, I was greeted warmly by the hosts. I told them I was meeting someone and they invited me to wait at the bar. I declined because I didn't want to order a drink until I saw whether my interviewer would be. But the thought was nice. I soon found my table. We both had a glass of cabernet sauvignon, which was really good. I only had one glass because I was on an interview, but two or three would've been great. We also both tried the green chili, which was on special. It was awesome. Imagine a bowl of that green enchilada sauce but porked up, and refined because you're sitting at a swanky wine bar.   The heat really snuck up on me too. But in a way that made me think the flavors were layered, and that real thought was put into the dish. Is this what Top Chef judges mean? Order it next time it is on special. It was served with some bread that reminded me of naan. It was a great night. I can't wait to head back and pig out when I'm not making a first impression.
Bacchus is exquisite in every sense, from the food, to the wine, to the ambience and atmosphere. My fiancé took me here last night for my birthday, and it far exceeded my expectations! We had a wonderful intimate table by the window where we enjoyed watching the gentle snowfall as we waited for our meals. I highly suggest trying at least one of the specials of the night. I was torn between a few menu items (everything sounded so good!), but our waiter made excellent recommendations and I'm so glad I listened to him! I had the short ribs to start (so tender it just pulled apart with my fork and melted in my mouth) and my fiance had the caesar salad (my only compliant is that it is wayyyy too small..its literally 3 leaves). For our main course, I had the pecan crusted salmon with sweet potato hash (absolutely amazing!!! I'm not a huge salmon person but it was so fresh, moist and flaky..an explosion of flavor) and my fiance had 2 small plates, the tuna tartar (sooo fresh and delicious) and a flat bread/pizza thing that was topped with prosciutto, fontina cheese and arugula. Everything was so amazing!! If you want a high class place, Bacchus is a must. They even gave my fiance and I a free round of drinks because it took quite a long time in between our apps and meals. They also gave me a warm chocolate cake on the house for my birthday! Its clear they take pride in their restaurant and take good care of their customers. All in all, an amazing place, definitely one of the best restaurants in Buffalo.
I really enjoyed our experience at Bacchus. The food, service and ambiance were all on point. The boy and I were visiting his family in West Seneca and after a week or so of pizza and wings, we were craving something a little different. We had a 7:00 reservation on a Wednesday and the place was pretty much dead. Really cute decor--I guess they have a movie night on Wednesdays, so people trickled in for that. The boy ordered the stuffed potato app and I had the tartare. Both perfect- we didn't leave a morsel on our plates. As for entrees,I went for the pork and he had the ribeye. I really didn't care for the pork, but it's really a matter of taste. The pazanella salad it was served with was delicious but the meat itself wasn't my cup of tea. Our server, Steve noticed that I wasn't eating it and took it away right away. I ordered a Caesar salad instead, which was only standard. Danny's ribeye steak was the real star of the show. Oh my god, this steak! It was crusted with Gorgonzola and served atop a bed of greens and bacon... Please order this when you go. It was perfect. We ended our meal with a cappuccino and the chocolate cake-- by this time we were struggling to finish dessert but we did it, and it was so worth it! Will return on our next NY trip. Special thanks to our server, Steve. He really turned a good dining experience into an excellent one.
Everything was absolutely awesome!  From our apps ton out Dinner.  Great place highly recommend!
The food, service, atmosphere are just perfect here!  This is definitely one of my favorite Buffalo restaurants.
Been here multiple times for large parties. They have a separate dining area for this, with very attentive waiters and great service. Food is awesome! Love their pizzetta, calamari, beet salad... Meat is cooked perfectly!!! Thank you Bacchus! Love this dining experience. :)
Yay!  I liked this place. I came alone on a rainy evening while on a business trip and used Yelp to help pick it out.  I was in the mood for something cozy and really good. I'd say Bacchus fit the bill. It's nicely decorated, very well staffed, and the food is delicious. Some might find the food a bit salty, but I like salt, so I was into it. The tuna tartar was some of the best I'd had and they made a simple piece of haddock taste delicious. Thumbs up.
Five stars for presentation and as a bartender, I was excited for Prohibition Era muddled drinks.  However,  I took my parents there for their first trip to Buffalo and in the 90-degree heat, we opted to eat outside.  Service was painfully slow, they served my father's meal to me, and forgot mine.   I would have been willing to let all of this slide as the wine selection and specials were superb, however there was one thing this city slicker had never encountered: a plethora of rats.  There was an infestation near where I was sitting, which, as I have lived in D.C., San Francisco, and NYC, isn't terribly uncommon.  What I'd never seen was when one came within five feet of our table.  I can only imagine if my mother and I had been seated differently and she'd been greeted by these furry creatures instead of hardened me.  Still, I lost my appetite and when I mentioned it to the waiter he just gave a very non-commital shrug. I'd recommend this place--only inside.
Woah, I can't believe it took me so long to finally try this place! Came for dinner on Friday night... left a few hours later, completely satisfied.  Bacchus is without a doubt one of the best restaurants in Buffalo, hands-down.  I cannot think of one thing that could've been improved-upon. The wine menu is rediculously long... there's a wine for EVERY budget on this list. The dinner menu is choc-full of interesting combinations, sure to please any pallet.  I chose the swordfish... it was the BEST i've ever had, simply put.  My gf went with the steak (from the 'smaller-portions' menu), and couldn't even finish it.  Dessert was tempting, but we passed (too full as it was). The atmosphere and decor wasn't as snobby as i had anticipated, and the service was stellar.  I would return to Bacchus, time and time again.
Excellent food, excellent service. Portion could be a bit bigger though. 1/31/13 - Update upon user request: Bacchus is a pretty nice place, especially to bring a date. Quite, and a comfortable ambiance. The wait staff was very friendly and accommodating. The food as I remember was very good, but I honestly don't remember we ordered. A tad spendy  as was expected for a place of this quality and location, but for a special occasion it's nice.
Phenomenal. I was in town for business and w asked the cabbie to swing by Chippewa and Franklin. The restaurant was right on the corner and we just happened upon it. We were seated immediately, (it was a Tuesday night). The service was great and the food unbelievable. The value was also impeccable. Between two people with starters, drinks and entrees the bill was 120 plus tip. I would highly recommend it to visitors and those who live in the area.
As far a restaurants go in Buffalo, not only was the food excellent, but we even found street parking on a Saturday night at 6. I had the duck confit with mango salad, a vegetable egg roll and sesame reduction; fantastic.  Our table also ordered the rack of lamb and salmon.  All I can say is that we probably would have licked our plates if it wasn't such a nice place. An added plus, that is much appreciated, is when you order a glass of wine, they, as they should, pour a small amount to try before pouring an entire glass. Highly recommended.
This place would get 5 stars from me for food and service. I loved my salmon dish with the crunchy breaded sweet and salty sauteed leaves and carrots mismash of goodness. I requested it broiled rare and it was done perfectly. My pear salad was above average as well, and it all went well with the riesling on the drink menu. But man, people were being so pretentious here. I like the decor, but the physical atmosphere doesn't ameliorate the loud men at the bar laughing so hard that you can hear your eardrums boom. The decibel level in the background was also out of control. I was eating solo but had a hard time concentrating on the deliciousness of my food or the news on my phone. I happened to read an article linking why astronauts and plane travelers find food so bland: it might possibly be because elevated levels of noise diminish our ability to partake in the sensory experience of taste. So shut up already and enjoy your meal! This place would be a lot better if it weren't so pretentious and loud, but otherwise a fabulous time was had.
I went here with a party of... 20+ people (I think?).  They combined two long tables and stuck a round table at the end, which worked for our purposes.  We also had some younger folks in our group - a couple of teenagers and a few toddlers.  Both age groups seemed satisfied with the food. Our table started with some small plates - the crispy calamari and rock shrimp, and the steamed mussels with white wine.  Both were very tasty.  We also had a bottle of pinot grigio, which was fine.  We probably should've gotten something more substantial to go with the food, though. For my entree, I was debating between the halibut and the salmon.  I went with the halibut - I figured halibut with tomato broth would be lighter than the salmon, which had a beurre blanc sauce.  It ended up being a wise choice.  The halibut was prepared well, and though I hadn't really wanted to eat something tomato-y, I ended up enjoying the tomato broth. My sister had the panko-crusted tuna, which looked good, but I don't think she liked it (I forget why).  The boyfriend had the ribeye, which came with a gorgonzola crust that was overly salty.  I also had a bite of the salmon, which was very tasty (and rich, as I had suspected). One of my relatives brought in a fruit tart for my aunt's birthday.  I'm not sure if they called the restaurant about this beforehand, but the staff were very accommodating and brought plates and utensils for our group. I didn't have anything mind-blowing, but all of the dishes I tried contained quality ingredients and were tasty.  I'd love to go back for small plates and wine.
This is my uncle's place, so maybe I'm a little biased. =P Haha, all joking aside though, Bacchus has always been my favorite of the "Ultimate Restaurants."  The food is unbelievably good--try the filet mignon and then come back to thank me. ;) As far as side dishes, the gnocchi and the wild mushroom risotto are must-try sides.  Seriously, steal some off of your date's plate if necessary.  You might not have food this savory ever again.  For dessert, try the creme brulee if you're looking for something light.  It is prepared just right, with a few fresh berries for added flavor.  If you want a heavier dessert,  I'd recommend one of the cakes.  The triple chocolate cake, perhaps. I'm not 21, but I've heard the "adult beverage" selection is killer.  It has an excellent atmosphere for dates, but my family also came here as more of an upscale outting and it was nice.  I've also seen chic birthday parties being held here, so it's a very diverse environment.  The service is quick and inviting. I always judge other fine dining establishments in comparison to Bacchus.  It's difficult to find fine dining that is professional and elegant, but this restaurant definitely fits.
I've only visited Bacchus once.  I had the Duck Breast entree that was on the menu in the summer.  It was so good, I've forgotten what else I had with dinner that night.  Needless to say I did very little talking during the meal and made the waiter sing my praises to the chef.  Or maybe the chef came out and I sung my own???? Additionally, I got a pleasant buzz (maybe the real reason I can't remember what I had?) from the delicious red we ordered and enjoyed; it helped dull the pain I was experiencing dining next to the worst table of 4 ever.  Can we say "Trash with Cash?"  Add to that the blaring halogen light posted on the outside of D'Arcy McGees/SkyBar/Buffalo Smokehouse/Whatever-the-hell-Marc-Croce-wants-to-­call-that-tired-space pointed directly into the dining room...there were some obstacles to overcome in enjoying the evening.  However, I am by no means scared to attempt a second visit with my gentleman friend.
Bacchus is the place to come for a great wine selection. They have an amazing patio that's open in the summer, and once a week they show movies on a big screen. If you go for the summer film festival, make sure you get there early to get a spot because it gets craaaazy crowded. Free popcorn is a perk though! Their menu is modern - not very many vegan/vegetarian options. Come here for drinks after work.
Dearest Yelpers, thanks for turning me onto this spot.  While passing through Buffalo, we stopped in for dinner tonight and were treated to some fantastic fish dishes and great wine.   Tuna Tartar with a bit of jalapeno is a great starter to share. My girlfriend had the Panko Crusted Salmon while I ordered the Halibut dish.  Both were very tasty and large portions.  The service was great from start to finish, including the food expediter and our waitress.  We really enjoyed our evening there and would highly recommend this place!   Bravo!
Started coming to Buffalo for business a few weeks ago and this is one of the better restaurants I've found. The wine list is decent but only a few are available by the glass (which is completely understandable) Too bad I was the only one drinking.... I ordered the New York strip and was very satisfied. If I had to critique, a bit too flavorful (ie too much salt) but nothing a couple glasses of wine can't help wash down. I would normally rate this a 4 star but I called ahead of time to make sure there would be a vegetarian option for one of my colleagues and was told yes with a list of dishes he could choose from. We got there and none of the said items were available....was there really a need to embellish the truth?
Food was good, portions were generous I thought. Had reservations for 5;00 but called to say we were running late ... no problem and we were seated promptly. Great wine selection, service was good, although waiter seemed distracted by the large influx of customers. Free valet parking was a plus.  Prices were not exobitant and were fair I thought. Would definately go back again
Oh Bacchus how you let me down. Three years ago my wife and I celebrated our anniversary here and it was one of the best dining experiences we ever had. The past couple of years they have been closed on our anniversary (strike 1) but we decided that we needed to go back because how great the atmosphere, service and food was. Fast forward to this year.....we were snowed out for anniversary this year and called to see if we could switch our reservation to the next night of course we were told yes. When greeted the next night we told the hostess we gave the hostess our name and while she was looking up our reservation I could see that they didn't have our name in the computer (strike 2). The hostess said it just be a few minutes while they readied our table and we could wait at the bar. While our few minutes grew to 45 we were privileged be enough to experience a lackluster bartender who managed to a.Serve my cocktail and club soda to another customer, b. fill up my 1/2 full club soda and not ask about my empty cocktail, c. Manage to equally ignore another customer's empty cosmo for nearly 10 minutes (strike 3). Since we had no idea how long it was going to take our table to be ready we ordered the "crispy calamari & rock shrimp", magically our table was ready and we were able to transfer it to our table....crispy our calamari & shrimp was not. In fact it was barely cooked, so soggy the breading was falling off and flavorless romaine was used to contrast the Thai sweet chili sauce and made the whole thing worse(here's a good place to say they officially "struck out"). The one bright note in our dining experience was our second course it was an excellent cauliflower bisque with a truffle oil infused crouton and I hogged most of it for myself. The big surprise of the nite was the near 40 minutes between clearing our soup and the arrival of the next course, all along adjacent tables seemed to be serviced by attentive servers and we rarely saw ours except to her that our meal would be out shortly. When our entrees finally arrived, my wife ordered a medium fillet an I ordered a medium rare rib eye...the fillet came out med rare and my rib eye was medium. While my wife's fillet was "flavorful and tasty" my rib eye was lacking flavor other than the Gorgonzola crust and was very disappointing. We elected to forgo any dessert and head to a local coffee shop instead. At the end of the night we had poor service, and mediocre at best food. We have officially taken Bacchus off of our anniversary celebration restaurant list and I would no longer recommend this place for anything other than it's wine list .
WOW. Me and my wife spent a weekend in the greater Niagra area this past weekend for our anniversary. That Friday night I suprised my wife to dinner at Bacchus. While we have never done the fine dining scene, I thought it would be a pleasant experience. I was completely wrong. It was AMAZING. First our dinner, we had the Potato Skins small plate, she had the Filet with Parm Mashed Potatoes and I had the Rib Eye. For desert we enjoyed the Creme Brulee and Triple Chocolate Cake. Now my wife is a very picky eater, and I always chuckle inside, watching Food Network and seeing what some people pay for dinners out. I must say I am a believer now. The potato skins were stuffed with Gorgonzola and topped with Prosciutto, best I ever had. The steaks simply melt in your mouth, and the Ribeye I had was also crusted in Gorgonzola.   Finally our service. Brent was our waiter for the evening, and walked us through our meal without being overly attentive to our table. Given this was a first time at a "Fine Dining" establishment I was very unsure of the process for the meal. Given the precise menu, my wife was given the option of swapping sides with the entree which was very pleasing, and Brent accomodated our evening, and we even learned a couple things.On another note it was quite relaxing to not be bombarded and rushed through our dinner for once.The valet service for the evening was also quick and prompt. I will definitley be returning next time I am in the area. Overall price was not as bad as I figured. 1 appetizer 2 entrees 2 cocktails 2 deserts about 120 I used to spend about 80 at Longhorn and Outback for lower quality food, I am dissapointed at this fact now. I would gladly pay the extra 40 to get much higher quality.
Meal and atmosphere were very enjoyable. Drinks appetizers main dishes and dessert were delicious. Wish my wife could have been there. Great place for a foodie. Even bathroom was professionally done. Hope to return someday
We split the Ahi Tuna and a fig salad small plate .   Both were divine.  that was sufficient for a couple.
