Cant beat the atmosphere or specialty cocktails. Great place to hang out and enjoy a classy night
Awesome little bar with an amazing selection of whiskey, scotch, and spirits. Biggest collection of bottles I've ever seen in a 12' high x 30' long bookcase. They had a good menu with a huge selection of hard to find and rare bottles. Bar tender was great, making Scotch recommendations based on my input and preferred taste profile. Definitely ask their opinion and they will likely steer you in the right direction to new discovery or an old friend. They were good enough to even pour samples to make sure I was getting exactly what I wanted. As a nice addition, they also have pool tables (which were in decent condition for being in a bar). Fair prices, expert service, and cool vibe, I will definitely be returning on my next visit to Syracuse.
One of the best bars in Syracuse!
My comments will not add anything to what has already been written about this place: an impressive plethora of spirits, great staff guiding you through new discoveries and fantastic ambiance. Live music might be interesting for some, too loud for these old bones. Great place nonetheless.
I have seen nothing like this ever. Most bars in the area consider Bacardi as top shelf. I like how the Bartender always lets me try a few samplings to get an idea of what I enjoy. If we were regulars, I am almost positive that he would make something different for me each time and I would enjoy it.
This place has a great whiskey menu. The library wall of bottles is both intimidating and impressive. Live music was great! However, were quick to swipe my money off the bar! Took $10 a few times :( Note to self: don't leave your $$ On the bar
Great tequila 950 different bottles of liquer on the wall. Very knowledgeable bartender. I was in there early . . .the crowd was kinda lame. . .
Living on the West Coast means returns to the East are difficult, nay, traumatic things. I've often proclaimed, with complete seriousness and while surrounded by friends who surely thought I loved them more than that, that the thing I would miss most about California's Bay Area, if I ever were to leave it, would be the food. The social and intellectual scene that comes with a dining experience in San Francisco are appetizers and desserts that are hard to replicate, and as much as I adore my hometown, Syracuse, on the whole, lacks places comparable to my favorite bars and restaurants, replete with bare-brick walls, old wood furniture that looks like it belongs in your grandfather's sitting room, liquor bottles lined up like an audience behind the bar, and too-loud music that is only tolerable because it is good and I am happy. Imagine my surprise, my delight in the midst of a slushy, snowy visit around Christmastime, at not-getting-lost on the way to (or from) Al's Wine & Whiskey Lounge. Imagine my smugness at being able to provide my friends with recommendations based on highfalutin drinks I'd sampled first on the West Coast. Imagine my glee at being able to sit at a couch, with a pint of beer and a game of Jenga, and have a shouting-match sort of conversation with the people I'd most like to fly across the country to visit me. And then imagine my gratitude, my awe a year later upon returning with a friend on a much more subdued Saturday evening, ordering two whiskey sours, commandeering a table, pilfering a stack of napkins from the bar, and proceeding to outline an entire novel in the span of two hours. For that, if nothing else, I owe Al's a congratulatory pat on the back (and a nice bunch of organic kale - go on, you've earned it).
One of my favorite bars in Downtown Syracuse! It has a great atmosphere and service!
I was a regular here and spent alot of money here. One night I was there and I saw this cabbie outside who is a known habitual gambler and had conned me and friends out of some money. He also has stalking charges from taking girls home , then turning up later at their houses and looking through windows. Me and him got into a swearing match outside no threats were made, but the cabbie called cops. I was speaking to the bouncer telling him to not let this guy get fares outside or to warn customers. The cops came and went and said they knew the guy was a problem but there's not much they could do. I'm mixed black and white college educated. I had a pen in my hand the bar staff gave me to write down the cabbies plates... as I'm talking to cops the bouncer grabbed the pen out of my hand as if just because I was a black man who was arguing my side I was a violent threat. I was making no threatening gestures or motions. I came out of the bar and the cabbie was there with his friends telling me to get into his car. SO I swore as said "F" Off and a number of expletives. I asked to use the phone to call the cops or a ride. The bouncer locked the door and would not allow me to do so. I think his comment was "Haven't you got a phone" When I tried to speak to the owner about what happened he said that I was not welcome there and if I enter the premises I would be trespassing. HE said my swearing was unacceptable and that he had a 17 system hidden camera network that records audio and video. He's also let me know he didn't respect my money and that it didn't matter if I spent 1 dollar there or 100 every night. So if your a person of color or want to put an end to inequality I would not spend my money at ALs because if anything happens your automatically in the wrong. I was trying to protect patrons and notify the  staff to customers (especially women getting rides home from a cabbie with stalking charges), sure I was arguing and swearing outside but that's not a crime. Wiretapping is. I'm a professional and college educated + a regular if they respected black people and money they should have taken my side over a douche bag cabbie that already has problems with the police. But hey he was white and I'm black so there you go. Diversity and Equality is not what happens when everything is business as usual. It's what happens and how people behave in complex situations and under duress. Al's fails to be diverse and is willing to give into old racial stereo types on the drop of a dime. ---------------------- Oh also my roommates black and a serious internet marketer plus one of the nicest guy you'll ever meet. He was sitting in there drinking in the back and using WiFi cause he's really too shy to approach girls and this is how it went down: The same blonde bouncer guy , looks like a cross between urkle and dolph lundgren [always wears a tie and walks around staring at everyone] , Comes up to my friend where he is sitting in the back on wifi and drinking his second drink and says. "You know this is prime real estate..., you can't just sit here on wifi...I haven't seen you buying any drinks..." My friend goes this is my second drink, and here are my receipts. Dolph would not leave him alone, he just sat there until my friend completely ignored him and he finally stopped harassing him. Yes my friend was the only black guy there that night, go figure. This was the same bouncer that left me in the lurch with three scum bags trying to play wise guy with me in front of ALS. In fact I first met that scum bag cabbie right outside of ALS after a night of drinking. ALso don't ever get into a tan or brown cab with the logo su cny taxi #235. be the worst decision you ever make male of female. The driver looks like a pug with  a smushed up face, fat ugly and speaks like he's about to drop dead of a heart attack. He spins alot of stories and says he can do all kind of stuff for you...don't he's a con artist... The deadbeat con artist taxi driver guy is now driving a red cab looks like some kind of toyota new cab company logo too, I'll update this with more details soon.
I used to despise going to Syracuse. But then, the night before my wedding in 2007 (I married a Cuse girl) me and some friends happened upon Al's as we bar crawled around town. I was instantly sold. I won't gush with this review, though. Straight facts. It's a classy, well decorated, and comfortable place. Loads of chairs, couches, games, and tv's to keep everyone happy. They don't play annoying music (at least in my opinion) and often seem to have bands. I'm only able to come here when I'm in town, so i'm by no means a regular, but when I'm there there's usually a good band playing. OR they drop a big screen by the front window and show local sports, which in a nice college town like the Cuse is a plus. Next point of praise is the staff. Love 'em. Always different folks when I come in, but they treat regulars and randoms (like me) well. One guy in particular shared a love of good whiskey with me, so his recommendations on what new drinks to try from their whisky and bourbon list were spot on and enjoyable...and most welcome, to be honest. To move beyond my personal love (whiskey) and into other spirits, it's a WINE and WHISKEY bar, so fella's bring your ladies who love wine here as well. And if you just want a beer, you'll be covered here as well. In fact, there's something here for just about every type of drinking taste. I've never tried the food but it always looks very good. Some random guy the other night was standing next to me back by the pool table with a cheese plate and offered me a bite. I passed, but I have to say it looked tasty. The crowd is usually laid back it seems to me. Me and my buddy got a little testy with some oaf who was alternately hitting on our wives, but that wasn't too big a deal. He wandered off and we carried on. I love the place. Whenever I'm in town, expect me to find an excuse to get here :)
Stopped by here this past weekend after a recommendation from a friend. I'm disappointed I didn't know about this place earlier. Classy interior and just a little less intense that some other places in Armory Square. I could actually have a conversation with the people I was with without making my voice hoarse. Will definitely be back.
One of the coolest places in Syracuse!  Al's Wine & Whiskey Lounge is a must-experience place if you're in the area.  I love this place... and reading other reviews, it's clear that I'm far from the only one.   Al's has all the ingredients of a great local classy bar... check it out!
If your going to the Downtown Syracuse Armory Square area this is by far the best bar down there. Its classy, has a great limited selection of beer, and I hear a good selection of wine and whiskey but that's not my thing. They also have a cool cheese or bread plate that I highly recommend. The bartenders are top notch as well, and trust me the bar gets super busy on the weekend and can be a bit overwhelming to move around in and get served. I also really dig the music on the weekends, its the only place remotely like it in Syracuse. Al's has the monopoly on cool for the Armory Square bars.
Al's has got a great vibe to it and I love the fact that I don't feel like I'm in Syracuse when I go there.  It's the place I frequent to for after dinner drinks. It's can be pricey but you get what you pay for. I have seen the door man turn down overly drunk people (ie: bachelor parties) because it's not the reputation they want to have. You can lounge on the couches in the front, hang at the bar and people watch or stroll to the back and play pool or darts. It's a long narrow bar and it does get packed around 11:00 pm. The staff is great and you can be sure that a good time will be had by all!
I love my beer, but I can appreciate a great liquor selection as well. Al's has a wall full of great vodka, whiskey, gin, you name it! I ordered some Grey Goose and the bartender pointed me in the direction of something much better (and I think more expensive). There is pool in the back. They had a wall size screen to watch the ball drop on New Year's. Oh, and Breakfast Stout on tap too, so not bad in the beer department. Glad there is more than one good bar in Armory Square.
Oh Syracuse you have a bad rep.  Nevertheless, rarely is reputation becoming of a place so classy-and Al's is the place to be. We came here as it's down the street from Nelly's bachelorette pad, and I can see it's her favorite for a reason.  Besides the aforementioned awesome whiskey collection, they make a killer martini.  The bartenders are NICE, and their food? Wow, leaves you wondering why we don't purvey more cheeses from the area. The grilled cheese sandwich is delicious, the selection of cheeses impressive, and the olive oil? YUM.  We ate, drank GOLDSCHLAGER shots (capitalized so all the bars who turn their nose up at my request can realize it's not so hard), and ate some more cheese.   Definitely a Syracuse landmark (by my christening) for a great reason. Go here. YUM.
My favorite place to go for a drink in Syracuse. Lots of personality. Always had a good time.
Reading the reviews, you see "classy" mentioned several times as well as "laid back" and people liking the "vibe."  The atrocious house music they played extremely loudly the one night I was there definitely clashes with all of that. That said, prices were okay, the whiskey selection was fun, and the bartenders were definitely pros. I'm sure I'll end up back there given there aren't many bars in Syracuse, and if the music is never that horrible again, I'll up the rating for sure.
This place is classy and has an astounding selection of whiskeys. It used to be a cigar bar and still has that aesthetic with none of the second-hand smoke.
Sometimes I love this place and other times I'm like meh. When its mellow and not crowded with Syracuse douches it reminds me of cool little bars in the city. The drinks are priced okay, nothing amazing on tap and although the booze selection is pretty stellar its so overwhelming I just wind up ordering my standbys.
Under the banner of 'things I couldn't have imagined ten years ago' we visited Al's on a Saturday night with our college-aged daughter - who was eager to prove that there ARE a few places with panache in Syracuse, and knowing my affinity for single-malt Scotch.  I would concur with the use of the word "classy" as you walk into a place with over-stuffed chairs, big leather couches, and an overwhelming wall of spirits that requires a librarian's ladder to navigate.  (Yet, they still didn't have my personal favorite as of late - Longmorn!)  It's true, we're getting old(er), so I would also have to agree with a previous reviewer that said the loud music wasn't doing it for me, but in all fairness, I don't think they're catering to college kid parents here!  And, in fact, it was fun to chill for a while and watch the twenty-somethings play Jenga across the table from us.  Also cool to see a couple professor types monopolizing the overstuffed chairs in the front window, enjoying a 21-year something, I hope.  (My wife suggest I clarify that by "something," I mean "single-malt scotch!"   Oy.) No place like this in MY town.  Too bad!
I'm updating this to a 5 because I come here a lot and consistently get the best drinks I've ever had. These bartenders are insanely good at what they do and the selection is astounding. 5 stars all the way.
Possibly the best Syracuse has to offer when it comes to fine drinking. The selection of wine, spirits, and beer is off the charts. The pricing is $1 - $3 more per drink but brings an upscale crowd. You can come to Al's and actually talk to people you don't know, how refreshing for Syracuse.
What's not to like here?  Cool bar, great liquor and spirits selection and good prices.  Not to mention, lots of places to sit.  Haven't tried the food here, though.  Otherwise, a great hang out for groups.
This IS probably the coolest bar in Syracuse I bet. It's deceptively large. Lots of leather couches and nooks to tuck yourself into. They have much more than wine and whiskey if you don't like either. But you would be crazy for that, and if you do like whiskey, do yourself a favor and try something other than Jack.
als is the only bar in syracuse you can still smoke in, now that new york has become a smoke free place or whatever.  so yea, of course my friends and i always go there when we go downtown.   als is very big, its narrow but goes back deep (thats what she said...) and as you get past the bar it opens up to an intimate lounge type area with couches and candle lighting.  its just laid back, people smoking cigars and hanging out.  the music isnt overbearing...you can actually have a conversation with someone, and its a pretty cool place if youre heading downtown
The classiest bar DT Syr. It was better when they had cigars but o-well Liberals suck.
The coolest place ever. Pool, darts, pinball, board games, big leather couches and a HUGE selection of drinks.
All I can say is it is my dream to get locked in here one night!  Behind the bar is this bookshelf filled to the ceiling with a wide variety of liquors and a great selection of bourbon!  Before 9, it is fairly calm in here and makes for a nice relaxing drink, after 11 it gets very loud and crowded.  They have several leather sofas available for seating.  A dart board and a pool table are hidden in the back.  A limited amount of outdoor seating is available.
Really great place. Good music, amazing drink selection. A great place to meet people and chill or dance. If you want hip, it won't disappoint.
Good place, but the nachos made me sick.
Yo this place is un-fricken-believable yo!  Walk thru the door and you feel as if you are walking into your home, back in the good old days.  The staff is friendly, knowledgable, and courteous.  And boy do they know their beers, wines and spirits yo.  I have traveled almost everywhere in the world and this place is among the best in the world yo.  The cheeses are cave-aged in house.  The wine cellar is as large as a whole city block yo.  If you dont think anyplace could be this good.  Go check it out for yourself yo.
Al's is really hip and classy. There are lots of sitting areas to play darts or mingle. The bartenders are really friendly and knowledgeable too. Def. one of the best bars in Syracuse without a doubt.
This place is great! Have been here several times and am from out of town. The leather couches are so nice. They have a ton of space. It does get crowded but I have never seen bartenders work harder or faster to get your drink to you. I recommend the mojitos...they are very tasty.  You can also get different flavored mojitos too.  I am also a fan of the ladder on the wheel track that goes up to the shelves and shelves of alcohol...it's just cool to look at.  They have several small couch and coffee table areas with games you can play too. There's a pool table in the back too.  One night I was there they had live music.
Arrived in Syracuse late Sunday night and was searching for dinner and drinks.  We found Al's Wine & Whiskey more than accommodating.  The staff was very friendly and welcoming.  The food was excellent and served well after 11pm.  The selection of whiskeys were second to none.  It looks like an old library with tall bookshelves housing the whiskey accessed by sliding ladders.  Live jazz band set up in the front windows and a mature, 20-30 something crowd.  I was very impressed and happy to find this place after arriving late night after a long drive.
Great atmosphere. It was just what my wife and I were looking for. This place has a lot of alcohol so I recommend taking time to look around or ask the bartenders about their menu. The bar keep was really helpful and  knowledgable about their selection.
Awesome trivia on monday nights. Great panini's and drinks!
I went to Al's (I'm from Ithaca) for the first time this weekend. I was highly impressed. The service was top-notch, friendly, and attentive where appropriate-meaning they don't get in the way while being responsive. Decor is excellent. It was quiet and comfortable in the early evening, but by around 10 PM the place was hopping with a great vibe. I'm not a really a whiskey drinker (yet!), but the wine selection is wide, reasonably priced, the the staff know their wines and spirits. The other patrons I met were universally friendly. It's a great crowd. I can highly recommend Al's and expect I will be back many times in the future.
best place to drink in Syracuse
