best bar, best bartenders, and strongest mixed drinks in syracuse. i haven't had the food in a few years but i remember it being pretty good. the live irish music gives the place a unique feel too. by far my favorite bar in syracuse.
Great service, but really poor food.  Go to drink, not to eat.
So many times I have enjoyed Kitty Hoynes... but a recent lunch was only fair.  The chowder was very good.  But, the fish and chips were greasy, and the calamari looked like it came out of a box.  I was really disappointed at the calamari, because at one time, this was one of the best in the city.  It was real calamari with both tentacles and rings, spiced with hot peppers and a nice chipotle sauce.  The sauce was still there, but the tentacles were gone.  Now... perhaps their food purveyor made a sales call and offered a big frozen baggie of rings, and persuaded them that no one would complain.  I am complaining...
This place is dynamite. I mean, wow, what a fantastic pub. The food is outstanding and the environment is unbelievable. After an SU basketball game, this place is hopping. The energy is so friendly and infectious, you're gonna wanna grab a beer and get buzzed yourself. I loved the food and atmosphere here. Syracuse doesn't make Irish fare much better than Kitty Hoynes.
We had the Reuben fritters. While I don't regret devouring these delicious balls of goodness, and having the explosion of flavor in my mouth, they almost ruined my meal due to their girth! I had the Irish meatloaf, and if I went back again, I wouldnt even order anything else because it was that delicious. They served it with veggies and mashed taters(Irish White Pudding) but they could have just given me a plate with six more slices of that loaf and nothing else!
Excellent food! friendly and quick service, great location, great ambiance! We will be coming back again!
Cozy Irish bar and restaurant with a beautiful classic wood paneled interior. A respectable craft beer list is well supplemented by an extensive and creative food menu featuring many Irish dishes along with some really delicious comfort food. Service was great the one time I was there, and if the food and service remain as superb in future visits, I will raise this review up to five stars.
Reuben fritters to start were excellent, but luckily there were four of us or that would have been the end for me.  Bangers and mashed was very good, as was the Guinness, and the fine chocolate cake at the end.  Will be going back often.
If you haven't been to Kitty Hoynes, you've never been to a true Irish pub! Nothing  pub or Irish I've eaten can compare. Mr. Brownlow hails from Ireland, makes his own mustard and sells 20-ounce pints of Guiness for $4 ! Start your meal with the Irish Cannonballs. Try the meatloaf or Shepherd's pie, all hand made as is every dish on the menu. Sandwiches are under $10 except for the lamb. Dinner is higher but in line with all better restaurants. I could write for an hour I was so thrilled to be here but am just giving some highlights as you must experience Kitty Hoynes for yourselves. I'm already planning a return trip! Closed Sundays and features live music Thursdays through Saturdays.
With the plentiful favorable reviews we were looking forward to this bar.  We happened to visit on a weekend when an Irish festival was swelling the town square, but the wait wasn't long and the service felt relaxed.  The gluten awareness also seemed quite high with plentiful GF options.  Having spent a fair amount of time in pubs in Ireland, I was expecting something...well...if not authentic then at least a close approximation, especially considering some of the other reviews.  But it wasn't to be.  Nearly all of our dishes (there were four of us) were overcooked to the point of dry meat and wilted veggies, as well as being heavily seasoned with pepper and salt.  My chicken dish did have a savory sauce, but that was the only positive feature.  The mashed potatoes were bland and overly processed.  One of our guests had the fish and chips, since a local Irishman had recommended them - but the dish was terrible.  The fish was soft and mealy, the batter oily and the chips leaned towards soggy and flavorless.  My wife had the Shepherd's pie, which she said she enjoyed...until her body reacted to all the excess salt.  To add insult to injury, the musician singing Scottish ballads (not Irish ones) was equally mediocre, and the only gluten free beer offered was Redbridge, which of course tastes like stale earwax.  All-in-all, it was a pretty depressing experience.
This place is a really cool Irish pub located in DT Syracuse. I usually go here for the beer but recently went for the food. The corn beef balls where awesome. I honestly could eat them until my stomach exploded. The corn-beef and cabbage was good but I thought it was going to be better. In all, this is a great place to go especially if you want a more relaxed atmosphere in the DT area with tons of quality beer to choose from.
Reuben Fritters! Love the atmosphere, I make it a point to stop in here every time I'm in town. Never disappointed with the service or the food.
Monday night Trivia, good friends, cold beer and great pub grub. No need to say more!
After watching a recent episode of Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives my wife insisted on dinner at Kitty Hoynes during a recent trip to Syracuse. We were not disappointed. The decor brought back memories of my trip to Ireland with numerous little rooms, dark woods, and nooks to sit. The front part of the restaurant was near the bar and was quite loud but we were led to the back into a darker and quieter room. Decor thoughout had a real genuine Irish feel. Very comfortable.   We started with an order of their famous Irish Cannon Balls (deep fried reuben fritters) with mustard dipping sauce. Absolutely delicious! Fried perfectly. Moist and tender on the inside.  My only complaint is that I wish there were more to an order. For my meal I ordered the Flank Steak Sandwich - Guinness marinated, onions, cheddar, and horseradish mayo. Perhaps one of the best steak sandwiches I've ever had. So tender and seasoned perfectly. I loved the horseradish mayo. My wife ordered the Irish Meatloaf - ground lamb and beef stuffed with Irish cheddar and black & white pudding.  Very good but I though it was a little bit dry. For drinks we both had a pint of Guiness - poured perfectly. Service-wise our  waiter hailed from Kilkenney and had the gift of craic. He was friendly and funny. He was attentive and a real blast to chat with. Overall: Very enjoyable. Good food and a great atmosphere. Brought back memories of my trip to Ireland years ago. I highly recommend giving this place a try when in Syracuse. Make sure to order the Irish Cannon Balls!
Nice place. Slow kitchen (Wednesday afternoon) maybe par. Got the bangers and mash with great northern beans. Mash was great, sausage overdone and beans undercooked. Well presented, but dry. 1/2 done beer when food came and not offered another. Subpar service. Again, malaise of an nearly empty/ late afternoon lunch crowd. I would come again. My friends pastrami on rye looked awesome!!
We had lunch there on Saturday. Everyone was very happy with their food especially the apps. We had stuffed potato skins which were each half of a potato. They were perfectly seasoned with crispy bacon and cheese on top. The Irish Cannonball's were excellent too. My main point however is that I had the Fish and Chips. It was battered in a Guinness batter that was crispy and very good. It was served with fries and a cole slaw that contained a hint of Horseradish. It wasn't spicy but it turned what is usually pretty much the same all over into an awesome taste treat! This was easily one of the BEST Cole Slaws I have ever had! Btw, their Beer selection is outstanding as is their  Irish and Scotch Whiskey selection! Slainte!!!
Noisy, drunken people and greasy food. But, I take my Wife there because she likes some of the appetizers.
On a quick weekend round trip road trip from NYC to Rochester, my friend and I wanted to add a little bit of spice to our driving by finding a few cool attractions. Our stomachs led some of our decisions with this very honest statement: I thought it might be cool to look up some restaurants along the way that had been featured on TV shows. Yep, our decision to come here was based on finding out it was on "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives". Like seemingly the rest of America, I have a true love / hate relationship with Guy Fieri; the words I'd use to describe him are not family-friendly, but damn the man (and...his production crew...) have a good eye and mouth for cool food finds! First off, the inside is vast and gorgeous, truly an Irish pub down to so many details; if anything, it was the stained glass that drew me in, and my friend as well. We sat in a corner table overlooking part of West Fayette Street on a cloudy day. Our waitress was very sweet (and adorably Irish-American) and was helpful in suggestions. We opted for one of the "DDD" foods for an appetizer, the famed Irish Cannonballs, which were essentially Reuban Fritters served with a honey mustard sauce. The insides were creamy and hot and the exterior was perfectly fried. I could have eaten a dozen, easily. I ordered the Shepherd's Pie which was delicious, save for the few peppercorns I found in my mashed potatoes. (Not a fan, but easy enough to pluck out when I saw them.) My friend was torn on a few menu items and literally told our waitress to surprise her. Ha! (Brave soul.) She came back with the Irish Meatloaf, also featured on "DDD". I had a hard time gauging her reaction: she's a vegetarian but always likes to try regional foods when traveling and doesn't mind meat when doing so. Well, she finished it and didn't seem horribly disappointed, so I'll call it a win. Ha! It sure looked good... Oh, and Crabbie's was on the bottled beer list. YES! I would have gone for a Magner's if I hadn't have seen that first. This was a great find in Syracuse and I'd definitely suggest it to anyone coming through the area if you're looking for some delicious and creative Irish eats!
This is a tough one.  Although I enjoyed my lunch from a taste point of view,  it just wasn't 100% authentic.  I am from the uk so I know about this type of food having been many times to Ireland. On the positive side,  the sausages and bacon and eggs were excellent.  The white and black pudding were also good but one of them was quite spicy so watch your stomach. Nice potatoes too. Slightly on the negative side the tomatoes were cut too thick so they were charred on the outside and raw on the inside. You never get Lava Bread with this type of breakfast. This is an American invention to make it seem Irish. Always,  anywhere in the UK, it will be fried bread which can only be done with ordinary white bread and it is an absolute MUST for authenticity. Also, as pathetic as it sounds,  all British and Irish folks must have either English Mustard or tomato ketchup to be authentic. I am a purist I know so this is a very personal review but you should know what to expect. Nice friendly helpful service.
Returned to Kitty Hoynes for a second visit. Great Craft of the Day (Matt's Pale Ale), and at $4 for a 20oz it's a great deal! We decided to order the Calamari appetizer. We were extremely disappointed. The coating was gritty (I guess it was a cornmeal batter), and under seasoned. We enjoyed the dipping sauce that came with it, but it wasn't enough to correct the seasoning issue (seriously, I don't think it was even salted). Tried the Ballymaloe sandwich today and that was great. Though, I wish they'd serve it on a thicker slice of bread (the meat to bread ratio was a bit off). And next time, I'll definitely ask for a little more of that tomato relish, it was outstanding. I absolutely loved the side of soup I got. It was the soup of the day, chicken portabella. Delicious. Fiance got the lamb burger, he said it was pretty good.   I guess we just won't order this appetizer anymore. My 4 Stars stand because we've enjoyed everything else we've had here, the staff is great and attentive, and the atmosphere is nice. Maybe next time we'll try sitting in the bar area, everyone there always look like they are having the best time.
I mean, I like this place but I didn't appreciate the way we were treated.  A group of us got there at happy hour and were told we could sit anywhere...just as we were getting settled in for our second round they said they would have to relocate us because we were sitting at a table reserved for regulars.  I understand taking care of regulars, but by then the bar had filled up and they seated us in the restaurant, which felt like an Old Country Buffet.   I noticed a couple of reserved tables in the bar, that they could have seated us at, were not occupied the whole time we were there.  So even though the bar felt authentic, they had live music, strong drinks, I can't give more than a 2 because as a visitor, I didn't feel welcome.
One of the true syracuse Irish Pubs i've been to. Def one of better bars in Syracuse with true authentic irish food.  Great selection of food and beers on hand. They often have live performers as well.  Nice atmosphere and good service.  Little bit older crowd and more relaxed.   Def worth a trip, along with the Blue Tusk. This place was featured on DDD on the foot network!!!!
Great food, the perfect Guinness, wait staff was excellent. Holly took great care of us.  A very impressive Irish whiskey list.  The fritters are a must.  Get a shamrack and enjoy all of the draft Irish beers.
I had the fish n chips, and it was just ok. The coleslaw was gross (I'm from NC, I like it a certain way, but others may feel differently). The fish was fine, nothing special. The portion size was big, though. My friend loved the shepherd's pie, but whatever bread came with it he said was gross. Reading other reviews, maybe I should go back and try the shepherd's pie. The waitress was very nice, but it felt like everyone was staring at us when we walked through the restaurant! I've been to Ireland (and loved it!) but this place didn't really remind me of it. Maybe I'll go back one more time and try something else.
nice atmosphere, good service, was disappointed with the food. I ordered the Meatloaf of Diners, Driveins and Dives fame and it was completely dry and way over salted... I was thoroughly disappointed in their signature dish. The fritters were awesome though.
Ok, yes, I'm a sucker for Irish pubs. You got me. It's an illness, maybe even an uncurable disease. But I know a good one when I come across it. Kitty Hoynes is one of these gems. Sometimes I find myself plotting trips eastward just so I can drive through Syracuse and stop here. At my favorite pubs in Ireland, there's an austere silence that hangs in air when you first walk in -- not necessarily a heaviness, but more the heft and awareness of time, memories and humanity. In the western county of Dingle, tiny pubs that once were shoeshops and hardware stores are centerpieces of working day life, bearing happy conversation, commiseration and lighthearted banter to carry its participants from one day to the next. On a quiet day, you can walk into Kitty Hoynes and feel this. There's something about the center bar, the community there, the weathered wooden furniture, the decor and the homage to the Hoynes family that rings authentic and true. Your favorite dishes are all at Kitty Hoynes: fish and chips, shepherd's pie, homemade stew. And the food is good. So is, too, the Guinness. Rich, well-poured without the bitter aftertaste of an old keg or dirty tapline. Traditional sessions are the norm here and it's not uncommon to see impromptu dance sessions. Word to the wise, however. This is downtown Syracuse. So if you go here on a Friday or Saturday night, it's going to be loud. It's a bar. You may have to wait awhile for your drink. And you may be annoyed by many of the patrons. C'est la vie.
Very crowded at the weekend (this is a good sign). We've been here a few times before and thought we'd try it again. Ask for a Snakebite and they know exactly what you're asking, but the food was not as good as I remembered. I had the baked haddock, which was excellent, but accompanied by cold stiff mash and cold cooked-from-frozen vegetables. Everything was sprinkled in parsley, which doesn't make everything taste good, and the "chips in curry sauce" were cooked from frozen and the curry sauce was very sweet and there was hardly any on the soggy chips. Service was polite but perfunctory.
We stopped in for a quick dinner and weren't disappointed. They were bustling with activity at the ar, you could just tell that this was a common hangout for the business class. We started by trying the Irish Cannonballs for an appetizer. They are corned beef based with cream cheese, rolled and deep fried......and Delicious! The fish and chips was a generous portion and perfectly cooked. The dinner salads were also perfectly executed, we will be back!
Nice spot to have in our city. On one side is a loud and seemingly popular bar with a good Guinness pour. If you go through the wooden doors, you find yourself in a much quieter (thankfully) restaurant with a good selection of food. I tried the Irish cannonball starter, which were really good. The mustard sauce I could put on my Cheerios. The fish and chips entree was really good, but it is just fish and chips. Kind of a boring meal to order. Next time I think I'll try the shepherd's pie or the bangers and mash, since both sounded very good. The service was decent. I will say when I called to make a reservation, I was originally told that there were no tables available for the time I asked. When I sounded hesitant about changing my time since we had members of our party who had a long drive ahead of them and didn't want to be out too late, the guy taking the reservation was able to shift some things around and get us a table. Very nice. Wouldn't hesitate to eat (or drink) here again.
One of my favorite restaurants in Syracuse. Classic Irish meals and every single one  of them is delicious. They do fish and chips the way they should be done, not too greasy, very crunchy and their fries are second to none. I heartily recommend the clam chowder, only available on Fridays and if they have it on the menu splurge for the Bailey's cheesecake, which they make on site. The staff is mostly Irish, or at least have very good Irish accents and are all very friendly. This is definitely one of the spots that I miss the most after having moved away, it was where I learned how to say Smithwicks correctly *reminiscent tear*
Great shepherd's pie, skunky Yuengling, mediocre french onion soup. I know 2/3 of those things are bad but goddamn the shepherd's pie was good.
Great atmosphere, great service, great music, and, most importantly, great food! Authentic fish and chips and Irish breakfast. A wonderful establishment
This a great Irish bar and let me tell you they are good folks. If you have any issue's David the owner is willing to help you out personally. He is serious about keeping it an inviting and enjoyable place for all. He understand and fosters a neighborhood environment. I'd recommend it to all my friends. If you get too drunk or you need to go, they always call a cab for you to make sure you get home so you can come again another day.
Unlike most of the star ratings in the syracuse area, this place certainly earns it!   Seriously, it's an Irish bar / restaurant that takes care of the customers.  The drinks were incredibly strong, the wait staff was incredibly cool, and the food - amazing.   My friend ordered a drink Jack and coke.  The thing looked even lighter than iced tea.  Unreal.  Needless to say, we were pretty solid before the wedding. The food - wow.  I ordered chicken quesadillas (they come with spinach inside).  I know what you are thinking, what the hell am I ordering quesadillas at an Irish pub?  To you I say, shut it - JK.   Other dishes were ordered too. The spinach was incredibly flavorful and the chicken was tasty.  The only thing that was kind of weak was the salsa and the sour cream felt like it just came  out of the fridge. The burger (medium rare) was awesome and the fries were airy and crunchy.  I was happy.  In fact, my old roomate who happens to make the best burger I've ever had in my life said it was intense.   Great stuff.  Check it out, it's right near the bar district in syracuse. I'm not a local of syracuse, but thanks to this place, I'm going to become a bar-fly.
Great Irish hospitality! A true pub. The surprise here is that the food is also excellent. Friendly service too! I love just about everything on the menu, especially the crisps and the PEI mussels. I feel very much at home here.
Sat at the bar with my fish and chips and cider.  Local bar, friendly staff and a family feel.  Gets a little crowded, but what pub doesn't?
Authentic Irish pub atmosphere, locals having a pint, very casual laid back place. Has a friendly Great Lakes vibe, high quality beers on tap and an uncomplicated menu. Fish and chips accompanied by a Dogfish Head IPA, I approve!
Had a very nice lunch at Kitty Hoynes. My new coworkers treated me to a welcome lunch and we stopped in for some fish n chips. Though I didn't get fish and chips, I got a nice sammich- honestly it was a little bit ago so I can't even remember the kind I got, but I remember it being very tasty. I only ate half and took the other half home for the next day. Big portions and very reasonable pricing. I'd love to come back again for a pint when I'm back in town. This seems like a nice relaxing place to grab a drink and relax. I'd also really like to give those fish and chips a try. Nom!
Wow - what can I say that hasn't been said before.  This is, by far, one of the best places I've been to in all the time on the road.  Very laid back atmosphere, friendly servers, everybody having a great time. Don't want to do a blow-by-blow, but the fish and chips were out of this world.  Steamy hot and battered in beer, the fish was delectable (and I'm normally not a "fish" guy.  $4 for each 20 oz beer (whatever the special is - tonight was Anchor Steam Summer).  Parking on the street or in the lot right across the street ($6 after 4 PM).  Last night, my dog ate my wallet and wrecked my corporate credit card, but the guy just laughed and told me that he had seen worse and just punched the numbers in!! All-in-all, if you are in Syracuse, check this place out!!
When I asked about this place, all a co worker could tell me is that the bar is great. We went for the food for lunch.  It was so good.  My husband has some special dietary requirements and the staff had no problem with his requests. The servings are good.  I didn't feel like having a large lunch so I had the 1/2 sandwich with soup.  it was almost too much.  Which was a nice change from so many places that like to skimp on the serving sizes.   We have older (teenagers) children and I could see bringing them there during lunch, as long as the bar wasn't too full.  One parent was there with their teenage son today too.  Defiantly not for younger kids.   Addendum: Been there a few more times for lunch on Saturdays. The dining room is closed off from the bar then.  So if you have to bring your kids of any age, you can have a good sit down meal, and not worry about the bar crowd.. Next time we go, I will have to try the bar.
I came here on a Saturday for a birthday dinner.  I was happy that I had the ability to make reservations ahead of time since it was my first time there.  I wasn't sure how busy it would actually be in the dining area. We went kind of early and in the main bar area there were a lot of people and some Irish dancing- it was fun to watch while we waited for our table.  We were seated in a dining area separate from the bar, which was nice so we could actually have a conversation without yelling.  It was nice and quiet on that side.  When my husband and I got there we were still waiting for 2 more people but we ordered potato skins and drinks while we waited.  The potato skins were so good!   Once our other half came we ordered our food and then had some issues.  Our waitress was really slow and almost never around.  We asked for drink refills and didn't get them until almost our whole meal was over and we were ready to leave.  She didn't even bring us our food or help us with a food issue when something wasn't cooked properly. Everyone seemed to enjoy their meals.  My husband had the fish and he loved it.  I'm not Irish and have never really had or wanted Irish food so I stuck with a simple burger- it was a disappointment.  I understand they do Irish, but it is hard to screw up a burger.  I had hardly any cheese on mine and there was no seasoning in the meat. It was bland, boring, and a waste of money. I was also a bit expensive.  It was over $70.00 for four people who all had simple meals and drinks.  I know my husband would want to go there again but other then for drinking i probably wouldn't care to go back there.  It was good but i have had better elsewhere.
This is my fiance's fav pub in Syracuse. I also love it. The bar tenders are great, there is out door seating and great live music. I like the hard ciders and fi gets the Guinness. Randomly we have never eaten here but its normal pub food that friends say is okay but pricey for what you're getting.
I've been to Kitty Hoynes about a dozen times now, and it's definitely my favorite place in Syracuse.  The service is good and everyone is very friendly, although it can be a bit crowded at times.  I think the food is priced appropriately and better than pub food you would get in Ireland or the UK, and the pub classics like shepherd's pie, bangers and mash, and the full fry-up breakfast are tasty comfort food on cold winter nights in Syracuse.
Amazing restaurant!   We stopped at Kitty Hornes on the way to Niagara Falls driving from Boston.  My husband had the burger, I had the crab cakes and we shared bread pudding for dessert.  The meal was fantastic, but the best dish was by far the break pudding.  So good!!! The waitstaff were very nice and quick.  We sat outside, so am not sure about the atmosphere inside.  We went during the summer, so it is probably off season since it seems like a university town.  I don't remember the price, but I am pretty sure it wasn't that expensive.
Thanks to Yelp! we found this place while traveling to Syracuse and we will be sure to make this stop everytime. The lamb chops are succulent and even better dipped in the mint pea puree. Fish and chips are deliciously crisp. Michael is very friendly and attentive and knows how a Guiness should be perfectly poured. Many beers available. The dining room is spacious and light and you don't hear any noise from the bar in the next room! Parking across the street in the lot if you dont like on the street.
This is a great place to eat and drink.  In a nutshell: food is great, the prices are reasonable and the service is also great (friendly and quick).   All the food tastes great and is prepared in what most people would consider a traditional manner.   They sell lots of different beers and they even have 'flights' so that you can sample up to 4 beers at a time without damaging your liver too much.   This place is even great for families with kids.  My niece and nephew love this place and always have a great time.
Very solid meal. Went there after seeing it highlighted on Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. We had the Reuben fritters as a starter. They were absolutely delicious but the only bad thing was their size, too small an awkward decision between one or two bites. I had the smoked salmon salad which was very good, not exceptional but worth having again. My fellow diner had a turkey cranberry sandwich was delicious. I can't wait to go back and have the fish and chips. I just wish those fritters were a bit bigger like the size of golf balls instead of ping pong balls
Ehh
Checked yelp in the area for the best rated pub... The yelpers did not disappoint! Food was delicious, service was great, and we were treated to an impromptu Irish session toward the end of our meal. Just loved it.
Good food and loved my waitress.
Amazing fish and chips! Get it! Fine for youngsters too...the kiddie dessert was customized with my daughter's name too! Great eats!
Authentic. Try the bangers and mash. Really good.
Had a nice lunch today. Nice big beer for $4.00. Fritters are unique and tasty. Wife had the lamb burger and was happy.  I had the fish and chips.  Although the fish was good , it did not come with chips. They are French fries and there is a big difference  between the two.
Been here for 1.5 hours and still no food, Waited way too long for food. I figured Its Irish so I will try the corned beef and cabbage, well after an hour wait, the waitress comes and tells me they have no cabbage, WHAT!  So I ordered the fish and chips instead, fish was  mushy. After leaving I looked more closely at my bill and noticed I was charged for the meal j never got.  Needless to say I won't be back there again. Go to Dinosaur  Barbecue instead
It was super-loud and crowded on the Friday evening we went here. The drink selection and prices are both good. The calamari and crab dip were both not very good. I doubt I'll go in again when visiting Syracuse.
Really nice place. The inside looks cool and is kinda dark. The staff was very nice and they were giving out free samples of food while I was there and it was very good. Reasonably priced and seemed to be more laid back. They had a band there as well which my friends and I thought were a cd at first because they sounded really good. Def. should stop in there.
I was really happy to come in here. The hostess and our waiter were really nice and friendly. They made me feel so good about eating here that even if the food was bad I would still be happy. But fortunately, the food was really tasty. Everyone is right about the fish and chips, amazing!
Great food.  I had the Bangers and Mash.  It was absolutely wonderful.  Great service, can't wait to travel to Syracuse again and try something new!
Friendly service, nice atmosphere, clean bathrooms, and they serve a surprisingly edible vegetarian sandwich (portobello, goat cheese, red peppers, probably some onions.) Best fries I've had in months, too, and a decent beer list. No one rushed us out, even through we had the nicest booth and had long since finished eating and drinking.
Really good wings. Excellent fish and chips. Great specials. Awesome service.
Kitty Hoynes just has amazing food. Everything I've tried there has been outstanding. For what is primarily a bar, they have better food than many restaurants in Syracuse. Try the corned beef croquettes!
Awesome Cobb salad. Loved the waiter with true Irish accent. Great place for a business lunch. Friendly and nice place.
Went here last night. SAt at the bar. Great friendly bar atmosphere and attentive bar staff. I had the fish and chips that I read about so many times on yelp. It really was excellent. I have also had corned beef and cabbage here which was also excellent.
Food is awesome.
Love the live music! Great hangout. Nothing like bangers & mash to warm the soul.
Their corned beef sandwich is out of this world. Just recently discovered it after going there for lunch/dinner for several years. Very attentive service and very reasonable prices. Great atmosphere. Great place to be downtown when you are hungry.
It's a great pub. Good selection of musicians although it will be loud. Flank steak sandwich is great, so are the bangers and mash. There doesn't seem to be a bad thing on the menu, and it has a pretty good beer selection.
Kitty Hoines was our second choice after a restaurant in downtown told us we'd have an hour and forty-five minute wait. We walked in and the hostess was very friendly, she told us that a party of our size was just getting up and we'd have about a ten minute wait. Our waitress was very nice, the menu had awesome Irish food, and the prices weren't outrageous. Their bar menu was very impressive as well.
The best Irish Pub in Syracuse.  Menu is one that surprised me and specials are always good.  Great selection of tap beer, awesome selection of Irish Whiskey, and the coolest bar (the actaul bar) in the area.  Don't be surprised if you are greeted by the owner David himself - great guy and great place. VERY IMPORTANT: This is the only place I consider to pour a "Perfect Guinness" in Syracuse.  The nitrous system is dialed in perfectly and they regularly clean their lines.
Great Irish Pub with excellent.  Treated like VIPs our first time.  Awesome place.
It was refreshing to finally go to someplace in Syracuse with a menu that not only looked interesting, but also seemed to live up for the most part. Went with my boyfriend and his family on St Patty's Day and despite the super busyness of the restaurant, we still had ok service and hot food. Prices--very reasonable, typical pub fare prices. Inside--very clean inside the restaurant portion and pretty clean inside the bar, especially considering the place was jam packed on St Patty's Day. I did like the big center bar that looped around so people could stand pretty much anywhere in the bar and be close to the bar area to get a drink. Service--decent, nice enough. It was really busy so hard to really get a good and honest gauge on service. Food--overall pretty delightful and we all enjoyed it very much. To start with, the group shared the famous Reuben fritters and they looked gooey and rich with crispy outside and gooey and chewy inside. My guests loved them and couldn't gobble them up fast enough, though I didn't get to try them because of my food allergies. For main entree, I had the beer battered fish and chips and they were nice and piping hot with good flavor. Fish stayed flaky and moist and the batter stuck well to the fish. The 'chips' appeared to be fresh cut, which was nice and they were all delicious with the housemade tartar sauce and malt vinegar provided at the table. It went down well with a glass of Sam Adams. My boyfriend got the stew (wish I could remember the name of it) and the gravy itself was tasty and rich, but it was more liquid than it was meat and the Irish Champ Potatoes could not taste the spring onions at all and could have used more salt or butter in them. However, he did like his potato and leek soup that he had as a starter. Boyfriend's mom had the corned beef and cabbage dinner and she was happy because it was a real corned beef and not just processed pre made stuff. Boyfriend's sister had the reuben which seemed pretty standard fare and his dad had the Sheperd's Pie which he said he enjoyed. Overall, pretty pleasurable experience. I really wanted to try the meatloaf, but couldn't because of the cheese in it, but the description sounded yummy. Would definitely suggest it and think anyone could get a decent solid meal.
I'll start this out by saying I'm normally not an "Irish Pub" kinda gal. At all. I find them hokey. But the bartender at our hotel recommended Kitty Hoynes to us after I mentioned I love blood sausage. While they don't offer it as a main menu item, they do offer it as part of their Irish Breakfast... which is pretty much the best "I've had half a pitcher of a strong IPA and three shots of bourbon" dinner ever. My boyfriend, an Englishman and a fish & chips fanatic was raving about his. And the sodabread? So good. The service was great too, the hostess asked us right away if we'd been there before and showed us around the restaurant so we could choose where we wanted to sit. Our waitress brought us extra bread and finished our meal with complimentary shots of Bailey's. Our whole meal came to $24 for two people; I'm from DC, I'm used to paying that for ONE person. And to top it off there was a live musician with a good voice playing traditional songs... at a totally reasonable volume. I kinda felt like I was in the twilight zone. I'll definitely go there again next time I find myself in Syracuse.
Really great restaurant.  They serve all their beer (at least the ones I've ordered) in the larger imperial pint glasses, which is unusual but very welcome.  The beer selection itself is above average but doesn't compare to the nearby Clarks or Blue Tusk.  Expect semi-mainstream but great choices like Great Lakes, Sam Adams seasonals, or Brooklyn Brewery stuff.  The owner always seems to be around and is extremely friendly just like the wait staff. Food is pretty standard, but delicious.  The Rueben is a fantastic choice among a lot of Irish food which I personally can't stomach after eating it my entire childhood. Lastly, they take reservations with no minimum amount of people, an incredibly helpful practice missing from almost every other restaurant in Armory Square.
The food here is excellent and authentic Irish fare. All of their Irish standards are great and surprisingly their burgers are awesome too. The bar is a great place to hang out. They have a good selection of beers, standard stuff you would expect as well as great regional beers as well. They do a beer of the month which is $4 for an imperial pint. That's a great deal for a bar in Armory square.
Thx to yelpers I checked this pub out while in syracuse. Good selection of beer. Food was excellent. Fresh ingredients. Turkey pesto sandwich has just the right flavors. Well balanced. Soup was just like mom would make. Prices were great. I highly recommed.
We went there for the reuben fritters, which are spectacular.  My wife ordered cottage pie which she liked very much.. I went to college in England my junior year and when I saw the 'full breakfast' with 3 kinds of sausage, I remembered juicy large links that snapped when you bit them, and couldn't resist ordering the 'full' breakfast.  The grilled tomatoes, rasher of bacon, fried potatoes and soda bread were fine. The eggs were a bit over 'over easy,' but ok.  But the sausages were a all dried up, hard as a rock, miserable.  I suspect that the cook pulled out some left over ones and heated them up.  So disappointed.  I should have sent them back, but I hate doing that and then sitting and waiting while something else is prepared.  having said that, the place is a delight, service was excellent, ambience, wonderful.  I just should have ordered fish and chips...  I probably will when next we are in Syracuse.
awesome place, hear about it from a PROFESSOR and now my friends and i have made it our new hot spot
