Never have been for food but its a great place to go unwind at night! Drinks are reasonibly priced and the bartenders are great!
Hardware is one of my favorite spots on Allen to go out with friends and have a drink. In all the years I have lived in Buffalo this week was the first time I have ever had dinner at the establishment. For dinner I have the Calamari and The Chef's Salad with Steak on top. First off Hardware has a good beer and wine selection most would enjoy and be able to find a beer or wine they would like. The mixed drinks are always on the spot. Normally never to strong nor to weak, just right. My first course was the Calamari. First thing about the Calamari here is, WOW I have never saw Calamari so large in Buffalo. If you want a good portion with abnormally large pieces of Calamari this is the place. It was breaded nicely with not to much breading on the pieces. Where I normally find in other restaurants in the area they think the more breading the better. The sauce was interesting, was not your normal marinara sauce, but a tangy/sweet sauce with the texture of a honey. One complaint I do have about the Calamari is it was not cooked fully, it was a little to chewy for me and could tell it needed to be cooked more just by the coloring of the breading. For dinner I had the Chef's Salad with Steak on top. The salad had mixed greens, roasted beets, red onion, caramelized pecans, goat cheese, and a roasted shallot champagne vinaigrette with slices steak on top. The steak was cook the way I ask for and tasty.  The vinaigrette complimented all the salad toppings nicely. Was a perfect dinner salad. No complaints here and would get it again. Hardware is a great hangout place with friends and is really fun on Hip Hop night. Crowd can get diverse on certain nights, but I find more Hipsters then anything in this bar, but then again it is on Allen you don't get the typical Elmwood or Chippewa crowd.
Allen Street Hardware Store Cafe? OK. It's on Allen Street. So that part makes sense. All the guys are hard. Obviously. Because there's a bunch of Buffalonian girls (who are exceptional) in clubwear and stuff. So yeah. Ware... well everyone in there seems to really care about what they ware. So that part makes sense. Store... you never quite know what you have in store for you when you walk into the back room. You will probably get someone rubbing up on you. Cafe... this is the party I have a problem with. This place is so nothing like a cafe. So yeah. Maybe by day. I will have to check it out by day. Like most night spots in Buffalo, this place is full of attractive people and one thing that sets it apart is that it has a brilliant DJ in the back room playing infectious tracks that everyone enjoys, definitely a great spot to take people that like the party lifestyle and dancing. I'm not too close with some of the bouncers (long story) but I'm definitely well known in these parts for squeezing into tight parking spots that the bouncers are absolutely sure I will not be able to squeeze into, and very angry that I tried... and succeeded... several times. My best memory of this place other than the DJ, is the Latin girl (you know who you are), that decided to rub herself all over me and every other guy that was dancing here (and some of the girls), and probably made out with half of the men in the place. I think every place needs to have one person like that, otherwise it's just not normal... but I'm glad to say I was not, and have never been, one of the many to swap spit with aforementioned way-too-drunk person. But if that's the kind of thing you're looking for, it totes happens here all the time. Drinks are pricey but not too obscene. It costs $5 to get in. Due to the unfriendliness of the bouncers, due to the entry fee in a city that doesn't have to charge entry fees, and due to the fact that the awesome DJ isn't always there, I'm gonna stick with a 3. But it's as close to being a 4 as any night spot in Buffalo ever will be.
Went there for the first time today at around 7. Not my type of restaurant/bar: - I don't know if it was just today but it was super noisy/rowdy for a small place. I saw a family bring their little kids there - I do not know why they would do that it is def not a family friendly atmosphere. - I got what I thought was the simplest thing on the menu - BBQ Chicken sandwich w caramelized onions w fries. The chicken was super dry, the fries were meh (pretty salty), and the sandwich itself was saltier w each bite. I heard their steak/steak sandwich is good though so I'd probably go back one day out of curiosity. I don't think it's fair to give a bad review of a place Ive only been to once so for now they're not terrible, just meh. Their waitresses are super nice though!
Have only been here on a Friday/Saturday night. The cover charge ($5 for the ladies) was well worth it. There were two DJ's last time I was there; one up front playing hip-hop, one in the back room playing EDM, so there was something for everyone. Plenty of fun dance-y times to be had here.
One of my Allentown favorites. The bar is great, and they have a good beer selection. most of the bartenders are good at recommending new beers to try based on your preferences. The food is very good, though I have had some misses. The paninis are big, so don't be dismayed that they don't come with a side of fries. On the fries ... so good! They have specialty sauces. Get the fries. If you have a large party, you should get a reservation, or try to take over the bar area. I've had brunch here once and it was very good, with bottomless mimosas for a party of 6 or more. They couldn't refill them as fast as we could drink them.
My husband and I went here on a Saturday night around 7pm. They were pretty busy, but we just grabbed 2 seats at the bar. The bartender was very nice and helpful. They have a great beer selection, they even had my new favorite beer, organic Baba black lager! One thing that surprised me is how many things they were out of on the specials menu at 7pm, when they just opened at 5pm. We started with the fish tacos app, very good! I have never had fish tacos with that many different flavors, they were also made with fried perch. The order came with 2, it was a perfect size. As my entree, I ordered the chicken pot pie and my husband had the elk burger. Both were on the specials menu for the evening. Both very delicious. All in all very good. I was a bit surprised they don't offer any desserts.
I've frequented this place a few times in the past only because friends wanted to meet there. Seemed like a bar very much for regulars more than anything else. The back room where some musical acts can be checked out seems little more than... a back room. Seriously, it's like they took a storage room and threw some chairs into it. Lighting is pretty much nill, and there were essentially none of the standard accoutrements one could expect in a club hosting live music. The bar itself is dark and cramped and never felt to me like a place I ever wanted to spend a lot of time in as it's little more than a dimly lit bar on Allen Street that serves bar food.
Not up for a night out but looking for something quick for dinner, we ordered take-out - a burger w/ fries and a roast pork sandwich.  The burger (ordered medium) was half-cooked medium and half-cooked medium-well.  Not sure how they managed to pull that off but after reading some other reviews, it seems like this talented cook has done this before. The pork sandwich was described on their online menu as roast pork with brie, wild mushrooms, caramelized onions, and rosemary gravy; served with fries.  It was listed under Sandwiches, not under Panini (a different section of the menu) but what we received was a roasted pork panini.  Even the to-go box said "Pork Panini". The fries were a little soggy and surprisingly cold since we only live a block and a half away from the bar. Their menu is unique enough (not strictly burgers or pizza) that we will probably be back.  Eventually.  Maybe. Duke's has better burgers and is right next door.
I feel like this place gets away with a lot because they keep the lights dim and the music loud.  Both things I'm not a fan of when I want to have a drink and some food with friends. They do have a good beer menu - though a small draught list.  Which is fine, it's a small place.  It's middle of the road in terms of costs.  The food, however, is quite expensive.  The veggie burger comes with fries, great, but doesn't come with cheese or much else - and it's 9 dollars.  The creation of a veggie burger, however, is not that difficult.  But, why am I complaining about bar food prices?  They are meant to be high.  But some of the more gourmet things are ridiculous. I just don't enjoy coming here.  When it's packed, its incredibly uncomfortable.  The last time, it was nice - until they started blasting the music.  It was probably 6pm.  That's really ridiculous - why did someone do that?  And they could use with more lights - perhaps it would help the bartender notice that my group was trying to get new drinks for about 5-7 minutes when it wasn't busy. As far as Allen goes, I don't think anyone throws up on this place, so it's probably the best on Allen.  Just sayin'
I find it difficult to write a review for Hardware because I can't stand being here late at night when it's too busy to even move, let alone get a drink or use one of their two tiny little bathrooms.  Yet the redeeming qualities of the bar and the restaurant are simply too good to ignore. First of all, the beer selection: incredible.  The variety of bottled beer is unparalleled.  All the bartenders are incredibly knowledgeable and adept at providing recommendations based on your particular tastes.  Good draft selection, but not as large as some other bars - that's not necessary a bad thing in this case. Now the food.  I recently came here for brunch and was quite simply blown away.  I ordered off the special menu and had an egg sandwich.  Sounds simply enough, right? Yet somehow this egg sandwich was one of the best things I have ever had for brunch. The roll was as light as air with a very slight crispiness on the outside - it was not too dense to fill me up and prevent me from enjoying the rest.  I don't believe they toasted it with butter because the sandwich was not dripping with greasiness, oil and/or butter, as compared to other places. Perfect amount of cheese with two thick pieces of bacon with very little fat.  Topped off with some sriracha.  Wow. Served with amazing hash browns with onions.  Way better than home fries. Moral of the story: I will continue to go here during the day but will avoid it like the plague after 8 pm.
This is my go to place for practically anything - drinks with friends, dinner and late night music. I've tried almost all of their regular menu items and they are consistently great. The specials menu changes daily and includes soup, appetizers and  entrees. It's a little more expensive but it's totally worth it. This usually includes different types of seafood and somewhat unusual meats. They have had frogs legs and duck on here in the past. The current chef here has been doing some wonderful things with the specials menu. Most recently, I had the clams in a wine broth with Andouille as an appetizer. I split this with my boyfriend but I was so full I could barely eat my meal. This restaurant does not proclaim itself to have gluten free options. I do want to mention though that my boyfriend usually has very good luck with the food here. He doesn't get reactions from the food. The ingredients they use are pretty clear on the menu and the kitchen staff will answer questions about preparation for you. They have a large beer and wine selection here. If you're not sure what to order, the bartenders are really helpful and will help you pick something out depending on your tastes. I always get great service when I go here and recommend it to anyone. However, if you're looking for somewhere to go after 11PM, it can get really crowded and the kitchen doesn't stay open all night.
I don't really care if this place is incredibly hipster-ish or not, if the place is filled to the brim with them.  In fact, I generally like hipster places.  I often dig their creativity, their guts.  This place has creativity, has guts.  I like that.  But it just ain't that good, and that can't be forgiven. You know what they say about first impressions?  It should be a big deal when a half dozen people, a veritable gaggle, enter a restaurant on a slow Sunday evening.  I don't mean that I expect a red carpet.  But I do mean that I expect a restaurant with a "Please Wait To Be Seated" sign to notice us within the first minute, or two, or three of our arrival and either direct us to seating or else tell us seating was unavailable.  Well, seating WAS available, the bar was empty, and I still had to embark on a quest for a waitress.  Quest accomplished, +300 experience points. We ordered drinks off of a wide and reasonably sized beer and wine list.  Look, if a place serves Paulaner for $5.00 a bottle, it can't do much wrong in my book... unless it's also out of that Paulaner.  So I navigated the menu and found another hefeweizen I didn't too much mind drinking.  It wasn't the same, but I was sitting outside on a Sunday evening with great company.  I didn't mind. Between us, a whole bunch of different-styled sandwiches were ordered.  Thinking ahead, one of my party asked for separate checks, and the waitress sighed in relief.  "Thanks for telling me beforehand," she said.  "That makes it a lot easier." So I ordered a burger with bacon and roasted red peppers and readied myself to nosh on an old-fashioned American dinner. The burgers are served on an oven-toasted kaiser bun with onions, lettuce, and tomatoes heaped to the side as many establishments now serve them.  (As an aside, I do sincerely dislike this practice.  Unintegrated into the sandwich, they're add-ons, apparently unnecessary.)  However, rarely in a case like this would you see the sandwich nailed shut, a toothpick like a stake holding the sandwich together.  While ignoring the lettuce, tomatoes, and onions, the roasted red peppers (sopping wet) and the bacon hadn't been ignored. Indeed, the bacon wasn't overlooked.  Overcooked and overly long, two slices of bacon had been placed in a crosshatch pattern over top of the rest with the toothpick John Henry-ed through the middle.  I found myself opening the burger and cracking the strips in half, nestling them back under the lid.  I eschewed tooth picking, but I almost wish I hadn't.  Enough grease from the burger had pooled to sop the bottom half of the bun, soaking my fingers.  The toothpick, it seems, would have made things less messy.  Have I even commented on the fact that the burger meat itself was unseasoned?!  Even Severus Snape would award ten points for Gryffindor for vanquishing that beast. So the thing was served with fries.  They were okay, forgettable.  I munched a few idly as my group and I chatted about the problems of our day.  Whatever.   A few other concerns about service:  1) No one checked to refill water, to check if more libations were needed except when serving food, throughout the entirety of our 90-minute stay.  2) The employees demonstrated a genuine fear of their supervisor and stated so enough that it became, in gest, a recurring theme of my party's discussions the entire night.  3) When the check arrived, it had not in fact been separated. Terrible service and absurdly poorly executed food mean result in a firm conviction that I won't be back here for food.  For drinks?  Possibly.  Situated in a happening neighborhood and boasting a nice selection of brews (including that elusive Paulaner), I suppose there is a redeeming feature.  Two stars.
I ordered the fish fry last night, it was delicious. The batter was really fluffy and it wasn't greasy. The coleslaw was the best I've ever had. I'm not a big coleslaw person because I usually think it's sweet tasting- theirs is perfect!! I had the sweet potato fries too. They came with a honey butter- OMG. Yum!!! Will definitely be going back.
Overall experience:  Extremely under whelmed. Scene:  It is a Friday night.....during restaurant week.  We have no reservations for any restaurant.  All of these ingredients together equal a recipe for disaster.   Obviously it was a last minute plan to head out to dinner that evening.  On a whim, we headed out to good 'ole Allen Street, with no particular destination in mind (maybe Cantina Loco, obviously that's my "go to" spot).  After driving around in circles unable to obtain a parking spot ANYWHERE, I decided to pick a new location and headed back up on Elmwood.  Repeat driving in circles again.  At this point, I wasn't looking for a restaurant; I was looking for ANY parking spot, then would go anywhere in walking distance.  Finally, we found a spot back down near Allen, and we walked into Hardware. The place was absolutely packed.  I expected there to be a long wait, however the hostess surprised us and said there was no wait for two people.  She seated us immediately at one of the TINY tables as soon as you walked in the door. We were so close to the people next to us that I felt rude not introducing myself before sitting down. The $20.13 menu was handwritten (in not so neat hand writing).  Neither of us was interested in any of the meal options on that menu.  I did spot on that menu a gumbo appetizer listed for $10 that sounded appealing.  I decided to get that, my boyfriend ordered a burger, and we ordered fried calamari as our appetizer. First the "fried" calamari came out.  I use the word fried loosely in quotes.  Half of the thick pieces of calamari had NO breading on them, and the other half the breading fell off before the fork reached my mouth.  I LOVE calamari from pretty much anywhere, and this was just unpalatable.  The pieces were so large and the lack of "fried" breading just turned me off.  I can see this maybe being acceptable if you didn't order "fried" calamari but in this case it was a shame.  I never send food back; however I couldn't even force this down my throat.   The very pleasing and kind waitress checked on us, and when I told her about the calamari she graciously took the plate and said "I don't mind, it's not my cooking".  She offered to get us something else; we chose the brushetta.  When that came out I could tell that they were trying to put in effort for presentation.  However it was another let down.  The large clumps of pesto were a huge turn off.  It was basically just toast, clump of pesto, and tomatoes.  We ended up taking 34 of it home (and no one has touched it in the fridge). The gumbo was just "ok".  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good.  It was presented with rice, crawfish, sausage, and shrimp in a dark roux with toast on the side.  The roux was uninspiring and not very flavorful.  I could only find one piece of shrimp in the entire dish.  My boyfriend ate a little and seemed to like it -  (again though, the rest is sitting in the fridge untouched).  My boyfriend said his burger was good, although it reminded him (looks and taste wise) of a frozen burger.  The French fries that accompanied the burger were rather dried out. The food was a horrible let down and I probably won't come back here again to eat.  However the service was very good. Especially our waitress with the calamari situation.  The hostess and waitress were pleasant and attentive the entire time.
I have been to Allen Street Hardware a number a times.  As is typical with bars in this area, your experience quality might be completely dependent on how much you already drank before you got there. I've been in late on a Friday night after happy hour elsewhere; the food was quality bar food, the service was accommodating, quick and polite and of course the bar has a great selection.  I've been in there early in the evening on Saturday for dinner; the service was just ok, the food was just ok and the limitations of the bar selection were apparent.   But in all, I find Hardware to be simply average. If you're looking for a good bar atmosphere and the chance to meet some new people, as typical with Allentown bars, Hardware is a decent choice.  If you're looking for an amazing dining experience, they generally don't even live up to bar quality. Am I saying don't go to Hardware?  Heck no!  Give them a try, but set your expectations appropriately.
My girlfriend and I had previously gone to Hardware and had an okay experience , but we decided to go again and this time we both loved it. I had the burger with smoked cheddar cheese. It was delicious and cooked perfectly. She had the pan fried chicken sandwich, which was also delicious. Great beer and wine selection. Fun atmosphere.
I don't know if this Polaroid moment at Allen Street Hardware was just bad timing or not, but I think we bought some rusty hardware today. My dinner partner ordered a 12 oz, hand-packed choice burger with melted cheese and julienne fries.  I ordered the veggie burger also with fries. We started with the Bread Basket from the appetizer menu which had grilled pita, croustades and olives with hummus, olive remoulade and pesto spreads.  The olives were wonderful as was the grilled pita which I layered with all 3 spreads.  The croustades were a little thick for my liking and a bit too explosively crumbly. The 12 oz burger {which I sampled) was ordered "medium" and arrived medium on half and medium-rare on the other half.  Such talent? The veggie burger, unfortunately, had the consistency of a Morningstar Farms veggie plank.  I stared at it wishing that I'd asked more questions before I placed the order. Taste, well, I don't want to be unkind.   And each of our fries...pure grease!  Nuff' said. So, questionable food quality aside, there were a few other issues.   First, it was very cold outside and there seemed to be a cold draft, or vent or breeze (you certainly couldn't call it heat) near our table. Second, we ordered our drinks and after they arrived told our server that we needed another minute or two with the menu. When we first arrived at the restaurant there were 5 staff (4 servers + 1 bar) at the front of the house and - after we asked for a little more time - there were "zero".  For eleven minutes there was no one up front.  We finally flagged down another server who went into the back to find ours. We saw 4 staff, including one of the kitchen staff, emerge from the back. We left our food there - two half-eaten burgers and a mound of greasy fries.
my favorite late night bite and drinks spot!  when I lived in Buffalo, one of my close friends and I routinely came here on wednesday night after clinic and shared the baked brie with fruits and nuts and a bottle of red wine.  It was always gooey and yummy!   I've had their steak entree for a meal.  But most times it's the weekend music scene and drinks that brought me and my friends to Allen Street Hardward Store Cafe.   Great vibe, great hangout, great selection of drinks (wines, beers, cocktails).  Great staff and great crowd!
One of the few places I like to go to on Allen.  Certain nights they have a good DJ playing old school hip hop.  Their beer list is typically good with lots of good ones in bottles also, and that makes me want to go to a bar even more! I've eaten here a few times and the food is always pretty solid.  My only complaint is how tight this place is and you can barely move but not sure how they can fix that? But for a good meal and some good beer and music this place is good for me!
Sorry, I'm prewarning you that this is bipolar review. A. I am partial to Hardware when it is the early dinner time. At this time the restaurant is not insane and you can actually hear the snobby chatter around you.  Their food is light, affordable and tastey.  Also service is usually great with servers who actually can recommend wine paired with whatever youre eating.  Extra bonus points to the waitress that recommended that super wine that got me accidentally drunk.   B.  11-2am you are probably going to want to just punch yourself in the face instead of trying to get a drink in here.  Just try to navigate through the crowd without touching some hipster girl's $90 mullet haircut. If you can actually tolerate the crowd and get the attention of the less than stellar bartender, the patio is great for drunkard watching.
Only ate here a few times but was never disappointed - what stands out to me here and deserving of 5 stars is the overall atmosphere and bartenders -  this is must stop on any Allentown adventures that always turns into a dance party... 5 bucks at the door turns a lot of people away, but if that stops you From coming then keep it / it's your loss-  Keep it up boys!
I went on a date here years ago. I may not remember that guy's name but I do remember THE most amazing BLT I have ever had! How do you make something as simple as a BLT amazing? Go to Hardware and find out for yourself. Now, in the years since then, I've been there plenty of times for drinks. But every time it was absolutely packed and nearly impossible to navigate. When it's like that, it's also super loud and a word of advice, plan your bathroom trips in advance because there will be a ridiculous wait. I'm not a fan of this place when it's at that capacity. However, I did get to return a few weeks ago to meet up with some friends and it was not very busy that night. I joined them at the bar and ordered the eggplant, pesto, and mozzarella panini. They offered me some of their fries while I waited for my food. I'm not huge on fries but I'm pretty sure these were fresh cut and they were really good. It's a rare day when I compliment a french fry. When my sandwich came it was also delicious. I love the food at this place and would highly recommend it if you can stop in at a time when it is not crazy busy.
I went back and tried the food and found it lacking. First of all the service was terrible. We went at 5pm and brought our baby. They looked at us like we were cretins. This seemed weird as there were other folks with kids there and it was very early and most tables were empty. They do not have any booster seats or high chairs, but we made do. Little did we realize however that it was going to take forever to get our food. We ordered quickly and simply, but it took over 45 minutes to get served. Tables began to fill up after us but we ordered before that. I can't imagine how long it takes to get food when it is busy. I also accidentally spilled my beer. No help in cleaning it up was offered. They did come by and ask if I wanted to buy another though. The food was mediocre. There were some good flavors there (fried chicken was good) but it was unbelievably greasy. We got a bowl of green beans and poured out more than a 1/4 cup of oil. The bean were just soaking in it. I used extra napkins to soak up the remaining oil and salt, but they were still barely edible. I mentioned this to the hostess when she asked how the meal was. She just said "Oh." No apologies, no offering to tell the kitchen, no asking if we would like something else... We left feeling greasy and oversalted. Also ... who in the world can use those mirrors in the bathroom. If I jumped I could almost see the top of my head in it. Yes I'll go back, but I'll stick to the bar and so should you.
The HPC (Hipster per Capita) ratio is through the tin roof. Please tell me why you are wearing your messenger bag out to a bar on a Friday night at 10 PM? Hipsters: please stop chatting up the ladies that I am chilling with. They could give two shits about the hand crafted artisanal snowshovel that you lovingly made using soy based allergen free wood pulp (or whatever drivel you are spewing). Cheers: Quite an improvement over the last venue that called this place home. While ACE is "the helpful place", they did not sell any fine exilers. Plenty of good looking people who certainly shower on a regular basis. Barkeeps are always helpful, dropping tidbits of info as they pour. Food is Buffalo renown, cheese plates and panini oh my!!! Secluded exterior whizzing area. Stranger of the Night soup kitchen right around the corner in case you blow your life savings and need a little mac n cheese. Jeers: Labatt Blue. Get that slime away from the Unibroue. Patio needs to be fenced in with Razor wire and a million amps running through it to keep the locals at bay. While the brew menu may appear to be extensive, I am not really sure who put it together and why. It's almost like they went to Premier Gourmet, put a blindfold on, and started picking. Prices are staggering. I would suggest downing a few around the corner with Slyvester. Of course it won't be a fine Belgian Tripel, but hey, everyone can use a little Olde English in their life. Good luck finding the bathroom. I gave up after a 5 minute search and whizzed outside. Watch out for the Allentown locals who would love to assume your identity (and your wallet), and as always, do not talk to anyone sporting a shopping cart or a snow shovel especially a free range organic one.
We went here on a Friday night and had a great time. The front room is more of a chill bar and then you go to the back and it's a completely different feel. You can dance straight through to 4am and you won't be alone. It was old school hip hop, with a few new songs mixed in. The drinks were pretty cheap and good. Good crowd, definitely on the younger side.
This place is a default go-to. Cozy. Affordable. Bartenders are top-notch folks and worth returning for. One note: Went in for dinner and got charged $2 for a small glass of seltzer water (from the bar tap, not a bottle) and when I asked the waitress about it she got peculiarly hostile, said "is there a problem," and pointed to the water. I mean yeah, I've never been charged for water before but do what you gotta do lady. Other than that food, beer, service was great. Pro-tip: sit at the bar and leave the table service for people who don't know better.
I love the atmosphere here! This is one of my favorite places to go in Buffalo, it has a truly unique feel to it. The music is always great--jazz,funk, soul...DJ spinning or live band. Very chill crowd. Bartenders/servers are some of the nicest I've ever encountered--I once forgot my ID and was let in no problem and always given fast, attentive service despite the packed crowd. Best get there and grab a table. More of a chill place to drink and gab with friends. I've had panini, crab cakes, and cheese platter--all of it excellent.
This is my favorite bar on allen. They have a great beer list and decent wine as well and I love the atmosphere. It can get quite crowded on the weekends (especially Saturday, which is old school hip hop night) but my favorite times to come are weeknights. There's always a table to sit at with your friends and there might even be spots at the bar. I've only eaten here once and I just got the cheese board. They gave us HUGE portions of cheese (my favorite that day was this sage cheddar) and this perfectly, buttery toasted bread. I came here for my birthday last night and sat at the bar. Our bartender was actually the owner (didn't know that til afterwards!) but he gave us a complimentary shot and let me sample a few different wines before I decided. I love going to hardware!
This establishment is one of the better places in Allentown to get a drink and feel like you're part of the swanky crowd for a few hours. I, together with two of my friends, decided we would have a secret happy hour, just between the three of us. It essentially involved ordering alcohol while munching on random stuff. Well, the *random stuff* turned out to be three different appetizers, all of them rather heavenly. We collectively ordered the baked brie, the fried calamari, and the grilled vegetables with goat cheese. All three are just amped versions of commonly done culinary procedures (people usually fry calamari, bake cheese, and grill vegetables, right?), and yet the way they did it make it stand out of the rest. I liked the balsamic reduction on the baked brie, the different sauce on the calamari (it didn't seem like plain old cocktail sauce or its thousands of derivatives), and I liked the ingenious idea of goat cheese on the grilled vegetables. Oh, and I haven't even mentioned the extensive beer list, which is somehow one big reason why I like going to this place. The only reason I am not giving this place 5 stars is due to the cramped space: we've been there on an early Thursday evening (6:00-ish), and it's already cramped. Just imagine how it would be when it's later in the evening on Friday night (and yes, I've experienced that scenario).
Well, let's start with the good stuff: the service is awesome and the beer/wine selection has something to cater to pretty much anyone's taste.  The inside is shadowy, but still quite inviting.  They have live music often.  Oh, and they also have Pat; arguably the best bartender in Buffalo. Now, I have a few issues with Hardware too.  It's not all rainbows and sunshine.  No, there's a dark underbelly to the place.  That being their menu. Not that it was ever an expansive menu.  Nor that it needs to cater to all tastes (hey, that's why there are other restaurants).  And I understand that they just had their kitchen turn over and are trying new things.... But I'll tell you: they hacked their panini list down, added some generic sandwiches, and they now serve burgers (wtf?).  What kind of place are you trying to be, Hardware?  Are you a cool quiet lounge-style place or are you trying to become a dark bistro?  I don't know.  I'd take less offense to it if the change hadn't also seemed to have come with a drop in quality as well.  It seems like I say this often (maybe I'm getting old?) but the quality of the food at Hardware is just not where it used to be. Of course, in Buffalo, what is?
I went to Hardware on a Wednesday night and I had a great experience. It wasn't too busy, they had a huge list of drinks to choose from, and our server was friendly and helpful. I had the catfish po'boy, which I would definitely recommend. The French fries are also delicious, and come with almost anything. As I mentioned before, the drink list is extensive. The food is a little pricey but it's worth it. I would definitely recommend Hardware to anyone looking for a nice place to eat in Allentown. It's got good food, good beer, and good people. Not bad for a place that was once a hardware store.
I'm rating this as a restaurant as I've never drank here (oh, I've tried...then not wanted to wade to the bar, which is ten deep with people...can't blame them for being popular). I thought the food was tasty. I got a veggie panini with goat cheese and a side of fresh green bean and tomato salad. That said the portions are tiny, the prices are a little high for what it is and the food was average for any coffee shop/fresh eats spot in the city  (Spot, Betty's, etc make most of this stuff, or similar, just as good or better, cheaper and faster). I don't want to drive around Allen for 20 minutes trying to find parking now that I'm not already down here visiting my friends (former residents of Cottage west of Days Park) in the area. Our waitress was nice bit definitely gave off a "you don't look like you should be eating here vibe" and wandered off a lot (i.e. we were waiting 15 minutes for water with no idea where she went) and took forever to take our check, despite it being slow. I would like to give it a second chance, as the reviews seem largely sparkling, but when I can get the same food elsewhere with better service and less hassle it probably won't be soon.
I really just want to drink and dance, that's really all I want. Maybe if I get hungry enough skip the trek to Jim's and eat some sweet potato fries here instead.   The music is pretty great, and I don't feel too pretentious being here, it's insanely crowded, but if you don't mind getting squished or if you like to move it move it in tiny spaces, then you'll be fine. They have a front room with a really big bar, and an adjacent room which also has a super big bar (maybe too big for the size of the room); the shape and size of this place definitely reflects on its past life as an actual hardware store. It may take a while for you to get a drink, the bartenders might ignore you for a hottie-tottie  down the bar, don't worry just  be a  little patient (or pull your shirt down to show a little cleavage (please don't do that )). This place is also open during the day, and they serve really tasty food, you can stop here after work for a drink and a bite to eat.
Hardware is a great place to go for a beer or a wine.  For the people who are bothered by the crowd - check it out after work sometime.  The complaints about the noise/crowdedness at night are legitimate, but it is a completely different place when the sun is out.   My brother and I head down there all the time for an after-work bevvy and love it - their bartender Patrick is an encyclopedia of beer knowledge and is a really nice guy.  This place has a very schizophrenic scene that depends on the time of day.  In the late afternoon I've never had an experience other than a quiet, easygoing time.  Hipsters, like vampires, only come out at night. The beer - Hardware is still one of my favorite places to go have something different in the city of Buffalo.  They have one of the unique beer menus in all of the city, and they will serve your beer in tulip glasses.  The menu is similar in variety to Cole's. Food - I can't say, but honestly for me their menu has seemed appetizing.  I just haven't tried it - I'm too hooked on Lagniappes across the street.  They do a cheese board, and that seems like a decent/adult thing to do! Check it out during the day and see if you have a different experience.
One of a few great places in Buffalo. Seriously. Good strong drinks, with cool bartenders who know what they're doing. Every time I come to Buffalo I always stop here for a drink. I really don't know what that kid Aaron is talking about in the other review that this place is too pretentious. Where are you from? Riverside? The place has a nice cosmopolitan crowd, mixed with the influential locals that make Allentown what it is. It's a great local and a great scene.
It is difficult to say which is more of a Buffalo institution: Allen Street Hardware Cafe or the staff that works there. Perhaps, just like the city and its people, they are one in the same. I can always count on Hardware to have a thoughtful and extensive collection of beer and shelves stocked with liquor and wine. Even more important, the bartenders know the ins and outs of the menus and never leave your glass empty. The food is great too. Try the cheese board, bruschetta or sweet potato fries if you're looking for appetizers. If I'm in the mood for a meal, I usually go with whatever the special is. I've never been disappointed. Their fresh salads and sandwiches are all great too. For meat lovers, the steak sandwich is a must-have. My best times here usually start with a can of porkslap and a shot of Old Grand Dad; not necessarily by choice, but because the bartender has it poured as soon as I walk in the door. Right before he shakes my hand and asks how my mother is. Whether you are looking to have a superb early dinner or one last cocktail at 3:30am before heading home, Hardware is the place to be. They have hip-hop DJs, live music, and a flat screen TV like most places. But this is not your average bar/restaurant in Buffalo. It is Buffalo!
Great spot, real bartenders, excellent DJ on Saturday nights.  I have never wanted to dance so much in my life. I had to hold myself back for fear of making a fool of myself. This place is as good as it gets in Allentown.  The staff is great, even the door guys.  I cannot wait to go back.   Check it.
I like it.  They have a great by the glass wine list, the bartenders know how to pour a proper drink, and it's a mellow place to have a drink with friends, provided you go there during the early evening. It's a psuedo-hipster Buffy scene (which I thoroughly mock everywhere I go, Billyburg to Buffyho) but older and a bit freakier.
The Allen Street Hardware "Cafe" Bar is where you go when you want to get good drinks and enjoy the bartenders who are pouring them. The eclectic art hung among the walls is always changing, displaying art from local artists.   The beer list is amazing, I suggest everything on it, try one new one a week! This isn't some place you should drink liquor, but they have plenty of single malt scotch & whiskey so if that's your thing go for it! Saturday nights is always fun, but usually crowded because the Old School Hip-Hop is always rockin! Unfortunately they started charging a cover because so many people come out for this! I think it's around $3? If you've never been, check it out you will be surprised! It's nothing like Chippewa and a good dose of fun. If you come out on the last Saturday of the month you can catch some local BBoys tearing it up on the dance floor after Battle at Buffalo. If you haven't experienced this place for what it is, I suggest you do so. Even Friday nights which are low key, can be a good place to drink and converse. The bartenders are great, the drinks are strong and I hear the food is even pretty good! Over all, it sounds like a win-win situation to me!
This was our last stop of the night. It was pretty crowded but we still managed to get a table. They had a good beer selection and there service was awesome. And if you are bar hopping there are acouple other bars right by it. I ended up forgetting my card here. So i called and left a message. The owner was so nice that he not only called me back but brought me my card to the coffee shop that i was at!
Being a beer snob usually means having to lower your standards when you go out with friends. Coors? Labatt? Gimme a break! Only when tailgating before the Bills game. What if you want to try something interesting and different? There are only a handful of places in Buffalo that have a big, diverse beer selection. Hardware is one of those places. Here's a tip - sometimes they have things that aren't on the beer menu, and the friendly bartenders will tell you if you ask. In general - they have beer from all over the world, and many of them are favorites for the style. I haven't seen the St. Bernardus Tripel there in a while but I hope they can get it back someday. I also miss the Westmalle Dubbel. Pouts galore. Trust the other reviewers when they say that it is super crowded late at night. I mean shoulder to shoulder type of stuff. Me, you know, I've got a proximity issue with stinky people at the bar so it's just not my cup of tea. They usually do play good music though, I love the jazz and soul based hip hop. Lots of very cute, if not aloof, irresistable hipster looking girls. When it's so busy you can't enjoy your beer or the music or the girls. You're just thinking about how pissed you are that you got elbowed by the same knucklehead again. So....go earlier. Earlier than say, 10 PM. Overall - I love it, I go there now and again but I gave it a 4 because of the late night crowd. This is exactly the type of place I wanted to see when I first moved into the hood, and I hope more of them sprout up along Allentown.
This was my second time and the food was good both times. I really like local neighborhood restaurants and bars. The wait staff is very friendly and welcoming. The major complaint were the chairs and benches as they were very uncomfortable.
I'm rating Hardware as a restaurant/bar during the evenings.  For late night weekends, I would go with 4 stars, only because it is way too crowded. Had dinner there again with friends on 1/4/12.  Get a burger, it's huge, and throw a bunch of toppings on it.  I went with caramelized onions, spinach, and blue cheese.  Their veggie burger is a favorite of my vegan/vegetarian friends.  Of course the beer selection is great.  I enjoyed a Rare Vos on tap.  The servers have always been friendly.  The food usually takes awhile to come out, so don't go with people you don't want to talk to.
This place has a strawberry beer that the name escapes me right now. I have been here about 4 times and each time the bartenders have been wonderful to me and my friends. The food looks/smells delicious but I can't comment on the taste because haven't had the pleasure to eat here yet. There's live music on the weekends, and it can get pretty crowded and you won't find a seat if you come too late for the festivities. All in all this bar has a great selection of alcohol, the only place in Buffalo that I've found that has a strawberry beer, and a great crowd of people who are just relaxed and there for a nice time. The epitome of what Allen street usually is :)
I'm surely not going to dissuade Hardware fans, but the reputation of this place only set me up for disappointment.   Wine- Decent, but nothing special, and liquor store familiar bottles.   Apps - Ordered the Calamari, which were HUGE sections with a salsa-type dip.  Meh. Sandwiches - I got a burger, which was good, My girl got the fried chicken sandwhich, which she was disappointed with. The place is based on comfort food, and it's not bad, but not excellent.  Only two entrees were rather slim pickings.  The burger was good for sure, but I feel like I didn't want anything else on the menu.  The calamari was terrible.   Service was great.  Friendly, warm, and unhurried.  Although they were wrong about the time of music starting - so we left before it even started.  Also, I think the staff should know what kind of music is being played each night.  Come on! Clearly this is a hot spot in Allentown, and the live music and good atmosphere is great, but the food leaves a lot to be desired.
**Bar Review** this rating could change if I ever go back for what looked like good food. Stopped in for a friends little party on Friday night and dropped a twenty on the bar. I ordered an  (the only??) IPA draught, it was okay. The service too was okay. Here's where it goes horribly wrong; I order two more ($5) IPA's, money still on the bar. I talk a little with friend in the party (not leaving my spot but no longer seated on bar stool). THE BARTENDER TIPS HIMSELF my remaining $5!!! SAY WHAA?! I likely would have dropped some more cash down for more mediocre beer but I decided to leave after that pile of crap. Next time wait until I leave or say "I'm all set" or "keep the change" or any variation of "that's yours to take". Frankly your lack of social skills, commonly tending bar, and the 3 pours weren't worth the the $5 you tipped yourself.
Every time I have been to hardware it has been ridiculously crowded.  I like the idea of blues, nice beer selection, and dive atmosphere... but when it's crowded as hell, it's a nightmare.  Plus, they don't have regular Labatt Blue, just Blue Light and Canadian.  Why do I go to this place if they don't even have all the Buffalo stuff I like?   No place to put your coats, prices not that great for Buffalo, and if I didn't see people I knew every time I went there, I wouldn't go.  3 stars is because maybe one day I'll go and it won't be crowded.
The bar is nice, and has expanded itself in recent months. Thank goodness for the expansion of second, smaller back bar because you'd have to fight through some hipster Buffalonians late at night any other night of the week. It can get pretenious (yes, trust me) but no more than any other bar that attracts a moderately aged college crowd. So no big. The drink selection is awesome (who voted no alcohol 8 times? Madness!) and the BEST bartender in Buffalo works here. Best, I tell you. There is some food options but I'd save it for dinner time and try to avoid it during the drinking hours. Otherwise, it'd be too crowded! The bathrooms are decent, but situated a little oddly. You'll find them, don't worry. The bar itself is in the lovely Allentown area, with plenty other drinkin' and eatin' places nearby.
I LOVE this place. Good beer selection, and decent grub. The bread basket and their burgers are tops in my opinion! A great place to sit outside and people watch on Allen St in the summer!!
A great place to grab a drink (excellent beer and wine list) and some great food. Their regular menu has a nice selection of sandwiches, burgers, salads and small plates/starters. They have several vegetarian options on their regular menu. I highly recommend the Vegetable Panini. Nice sized portion and if you're really hungry there are always great sides you can get. Their daily specials include soups, appetizers and several full sizes entrees to choose from. Always some really fresh seafood. My only complaint is that their specials never seem to include a vegetarian option, which is disappointing because I know the chef would come up with something really good!
This place used to be a hardware store, and you can tell by the setup. While the setup isn't ideal (not much room to walk through to the restroom or to the back bar), everything else is great. Sometimes they have live music or a DJ and they have a great selection of beers. A little expensive, but that's what is expected if you have good drinks. I've never eaten here, but I heard the food was pretty good. I like the little bar in the back that has different music and décor.
To be fair, I'm only rating the meal I had tonight. Every other occasion I've been to the bar for drinks and music has been delightful. Now, on to the justifiable sour review... My pal and I were in excellent spirits after we went to a record fair to buy vinyl and listen to punk rock, then a celebrity autobiography comedy show. Of all the bars/restaurants on Allen, we chose to dine at Hardware. Perhaps we should've chosen to sit inside with the too-loud-to-hear-your-friends music, but we took advantage of the summer breeze and sat outside. My friend's food came out after some time, but not mine because the waitress dropped my panini and (wrong) side dish after being elbowed. I understand that these things happen, but she took out her negative attitude on us throughout the meal. We ordered a healthier side dish (asparagus), but were given mac 'n' cheese and didn't have enough time before the waitress rushed off to tell her we didn't request that. The manager came over to apologize for the delay and said she'd remove the mac 'n' cheese, also seeing we had already half-eaten it because how can you not? The side -- a measly $3 -- wasn't removed in the end since we did eat it. Want to know why I ate it? Because you mishandled my meal and I was hungry at 10pm. The eggplant, pesto, and mozzarella panini finally came out, which I found was flimsy due to too much oil and lacked enough pesto. The worst part: the waitress took my knife and napkin away while I was STILL EATING. Hardware, step it up.
I really liked this place! I asked the bartender for a whiskey recommendation and besides being super cool, he introduced me to my new favorite bourbon. the layout of the place is great, the DJ was some Tribe Called Quest and the vibe was all good. I didnt get to try the food, but next time.
Why do people ramble on about their opinions on hipsters? This place is awesome - service is great, drinks flow and they nail the food.
My favorite Buffalo restaurant.  Don't be put off by the small menu--go for the specials.  Everything I've had here has been wonderful.  Add to that an excellent beer selection and it's my idea of a perfect dinner spot.
I went to a few new bars on my last trip to Buffalo and this was my favorite. Nice atmosphere, good music, and dark like a bar should be.
I was fortunate to dine last night at Hardware before 8 p.m. I became bewitched by the vegetable panini (asparagus, asiago, tomatoes and I can't remember what else). My starred review is for the service, beer, food and early eve atmosphere. The ladies' room was pretty beat up but I didn't need to set up camp or stay too long.  Watch out for the men's room, which is hand-etched to read "Women," along with the ladies' room next door. Hint: I caught on quickly because the main door latch was broken and the seat was up. All in all, a great meal in a cozy spot. I'll probably never go there for a late-night booze fest - I do most of my drinking in the neighborhood, where it's never crowded and the drinks are free.
This place just opened when i left 6 years ago to move to Vegas. Seems it has gotten better with age though. Cool hang out, great beer selection. Can get packed on the weeekends. Usually has some DJ's or band playing. This is definitely my type of place when hanging in Allentown
The place is nice, the food is pretty good and I'm a sort of fan fan of their lemon chicken. They also have a good selection of local draft beers. I'm not giving it 5 stars because I think that they could work on making the food a little bit more healthy: some things are really greasy.
I pretty much end up here whenever I go to Allen for a night on the town. Sometimes the crowd is a bit odd, but it's just an old standby.
This was my favorite place to go in Buffalo.  It's very small.  They have an amazing beer selection, an ok wine selection, and a suburb scotch selection.  The music here was always the best in town (Babik, lounge DJs, etc).  I love meeting up with friends, dancing, talking, and smoking on the porch.  It's across the street from Neitzche's too, so if you see a great band, be sure and stop over at Hardware.
This is our go to restaurant... My only complaint- after the remodeling of the kitchen, they took months to 'get it together' but now they have and i love the food, the staff and the venue
The bottled beer they had was eclectic but overpriced. The $12 crab cakes were the size of a 50 cent piece and mediocre. My burger was supposed to be Medium rare but came out well done on the outside and raw, soft and cold 2 bites in on the inside with the egg I asked for sunny side up messy, slimy, and off putting. This place is pretty pricey for such a crappy product.
This place was amazing when they had an entire L-shaped patio...now it only has a few seats in the front for when the weather is nice. The heat lamps are an added perk when it's freezing outside. Their menu is pretty decent and they usually have a pretty okay wine selection. Sometimes you can get lucky and some decent music will be playing, or someone will be showing some interesting artwork there. If you get to know the bartenders, they'll probably hook you up with drinks but sometimes the crowd can become boring at this place. Everyone's always trying to out-hipster everyone else, and everyone's walking around with runny noses.
A great place to kick back and enjoy the vibrant village of Allentown.  Grab a seat by the window and people watch or sit at the bar.  As you can tell by the name, this place used to be a hardware store, and they've kept most of the original charm.  The ambiance is great and you can't beat the food.  The bruschetta comes with baked garlic cloves and it is to die for!  The club steak salad with lemon truffle dressing is also a must try.  The only drawback is the parking...good luck finding a spot at rush hour!
If you're a fan of live music and/or old school hip hop, Hardware is the place to be.  I've never had a bad time there as the crowd is always laid back and unpretentious.  However, I wish the place was a bit bigger and boo to the $3 cover on Sat.
Nice place. Clean, small, very nice atmosphere. The DJ on Tuesday plays some old Reggie and old hip hop. It's sick. Food is always good here. Monday night is open Mic and it can be very interesting. I once heard a chick spit some shit that made me tear up. Ridic!! The bartenders are on point. Clayton pours them well.
The crowd's a little pretentious and the place is a way packed on any night of the week where you'd expect people to be out drinking. So don't expect to get near the bar without a fight. The owner's a really great guy though, and really cares about the area, so it's a bar you can feel good about going to. It's also hard to go wrong with the music selection and the proximity to good places to eat and go see live music.
I love you. Great food, drink, chill out spot.
Visited Allen Street Hardware Store Cafe while in Buffalo, NY visiting friends per their recommendation. Really loved the place. With the exception of the very rude doormen, the service was attentive and cordial. I thoroughly recommend the three spreads appetizer (hummus, eggplant and pesto) with both pita chips and crunchy bagel chips. Also enjoyed a variety of different salads on the menu. Nice place with loads of character!
Good music and diverse crowd. People like to dance.  Hard to order drinks when music is too loud.  Food is a non factor but available.
Terrific food, great service, and an excellent selection of beers.  If you can catch the band Babik, unbeatble music too. Very highly recommended.
Great atmosphere and a good, yet small draft selection. Bartenders are very knowledgeable and attentive. Going to make this my go to hang out bar of Buffalo
Nice little indie joint.  Excellent food.  Used to be no TVs which I thought was classic, but I think they finally buckled though and got a single TV.  Great beer selection, nice setup, good live music.  My only gripe is that it is not the most comfortable place to hang out.  The seating is not the best and often times the place is crammed full of people because it is so small.  Nice place though for sure.
My favorite bar in b-lo, the staff all have the right amount of attitude and knowledge to back it up. The beer list is ever changing and they have a great Belgian selection. The guys always make me great cocktails or suggest a good bottle. Sure, some nights can be über crowded but that's Allen in general. Definately get there before 8-9pm if you want to eat most nights though.
I've been going to Hardware for years.  I've always preferred the Allen St. bar scene over downtown and Elmwood, and Hardware was always my go to bar. That and then after The Pink in the wee hours, hehe.  My friends and I have some great memories from here, and the first time I met my now boyfriend of many years in person was here (we originally met online).  The bartenders know me and and my friends, and they are always super cordial: saying hello, offering tastes, and hooking us up, even when the bar is slammed.  It typically gets that way on weekends.  Saturdays are hip hop night with really awesome DJs.  It can get pretty wild in there some nights, but other nights it is really chill.  I like to go for a nice glass of red wine and to hang back in relaxing conversation.  They also have a great beer selection and serve dinner earlier in the night.  This bar is one place I feel very comfortable, and never seems to disappoint.  There are always new local artist's from Buffalo showcased on the walls, and vases full of fresh flowers.  They scene can have a very romantic intimate feel, yet also a lively, exciting crowd.  My one and only complaint is that some nights, when they don't have live music, the music they do play is blasting when it doesn't need to be.  Sometimes, I don't mind, but other times I have to step outside.  I only tried their food once, and it was not bad; however, I recommend it for a delightful night out with friends.
Always have a great time - fantastic beer selection, great beats - good food. Really dig this place.
I just went here because it is close to my house, and I was pleasantly surprised by the food!  Really homestyle cooking, with good flavors and preparation.  Great beer list too!
the food here is great, mainly sandwiches and paninis.  you MUST try the gumbo, it is awesome.
