I got to catch Jo Koy here a couple of weeks ago. Despite arriving pretty close to the show time, we got great seats. Since it is a restaurant, you might end up sharing a table with strangers during the show. This is not a romantic first date place! The food/drinks here are definitely overpriced but all the prices are stated on the menu (even the $4 soda). My friend and I split the 1 lb of wings + fries meal. We got around 6 chicken wings total (I don't think that's anywhere close to a lb) and abundant french fries. We tried the blueberry habanero and BBQ sauces. Both were primarily sweet. I am quite certain no habaneros were hurt in the making of the blueberry habanero sauce. The wings were not fried well but given how packed this show was, I wasn't really upset about it. The servers came around often and were friendly. There didn't seem to be a table minimum which is unusual for comedy clubs. I applaud the staff for quickly removing the drunk hecklers next to my table without much of a commotion. Also, they brought out the checks in a timely manner and cleared everyone out in an efficient way without making people feel too rushed. I would recommend eating elsewhere but definitely coming here to catch a show. Overall, a great, somewhat intimate place to check out your favourite comedian.
The Good: 1) They sometimes manage to pull great comedians to the Syracuse area who might otherwise give CNY a pass. 2) The venue itself appears clean and well-maintained The Bad: 1) The pricing is weird. They charge exactly the same amount for online purchase, telephone purchase, and in-person purchase. This doesn't make sense because the online purchase option tells you, for example, that the tickets are $15 each, and there's a $6 "Electronic Delivery Fee." Then why am I still charged that fee when I just walk up to the box office? If you're charging the fee regardless, why not just roll that cost into the tickets and save everyone the hassle? 2) The waitstaff quality is intermittent. The first time we went, we had a not-so-great server - he wasn't friendly and didn't check in with us. The second time we went, our server seemed really nice and checked in as much as he could based on the huge number of tables he seemed to be serving. It must be a crazy job, so I feel bad for them, but that is a management problem for not hiring enough staff, not a waitstaff problem. 3) The other staff quality seemed intermittent as well. Few of the other staff (box office, hosts, bouncers, etc.) seem all that friendly or helpful. Again, this might be due to being harried from overwork, but it still reflects poorly on the business. 4) Food quality and pricing is not that great. The first time we went, the food wasn't very good, but the second time it was a bit better. Stick with the things which are hard to mess up (i.e. - pre-made foods that you just heat up) if you want to be more satisfied with the food. Prices are high, but probably about what you'd pay at most captive-audience places: $3 for soda (or $7 for free-refills all night, plus a souvenir glass ... which I would avoid, since the shows are only about 1.5 hours long, and unless your waiter happens to come by often enough for you to order 3+ sodas, you're better off just ordering a la carte), $6 for a basket of fries, $9 for potato skins or mozzarella sticks, etc. Not fun, but run-of-the-mill. 5) The worst thing about this club that I've seen is the way they deal with problems. We attended the Nick Vatterott show on 10/3/14 and we were seated near two guys who were using their phones and talking throughout the early part of the show. They were clearly drunk - one of them couldn't even walk straight when he left to go to the bathroom - but continued to be served alcohol. Several waitstaff walked right by, and some bouncers even stood nearby, and didn't do anything about it. Finally, a man at a nearby table told the guys to shut up and they all collectively started posturing with shouts of, "you got a problem with me?!" Thankfully, bouncers stepped in at this point and pulled the two drunk guys out of the showroom, and also pulled out the man who had yelled at them. I was glad, thinking that it had all been taken care of, but after a few minutes all three of them came back inside and sat down at their respective tables! Not surprisingly, the two drunk guys started talking again. This time, though, the man who yelled at them before went and got a bouncer and the two drunk guys were finally ejected from the show. I can't believe that the club owners let the drunk dudes back into the showroom after they'd been disruptive and almost caused a fight. Management is extremely lucky that the man went and got a bouncer the second time instead of jumping the drunk guys; that's a huge potential liability they opened themselves up to. Legal issues aside, though, it also seems better for public relations with everyone else around the disruptive patrons to just kick them out. As it was, the incident kind of ruined the show for me, when I'd been really looking forward to it. Now I'll think twice about going back to the Funny Bone because I don't know what kind of experience I'll have there, and whether problem patrons will be dealt with appropriately. I'm sure the people around us felt the same way, and so, in bungling this one incident, management has endangered their bottom line way more than if they had just thrown the guys out immediately and absorbed whatever cost there was associated with that (e.g. - if the dudes getting kicked out demanded their money back, or if they kicked them out before they paid their tab, etc.) In the end, the Funny Bone is the only purely comedy venue in Syracuse. If you want a good experience, you're probably better off going to one of the casinos, or the Helium club in Buffalo. But if someone you like is coming only to the Funny Bone, you may need to roll the dice and take your chances.
The service was ok. The food was terrible. An extremely small portion of Spinach dip that was cold when it came originally came out and watery when it came back after I sent it back. Calling it bland would be an understatement  Unfortunately for us, it was the best part of the meal. My girlfriend had the Tuscan penne which consisted of overcooked boxed penne pasta, and some sun dried tomatoes. No herbs, no salt, no pepper, no butter, and no oil. I can't believe I paid $13 for boiled pasta... My burger was overcooked, covered in disgusting bleu cheese that tasted like nothing, and bacon that tasted like artificial smoke. They even screwed up the fries, they were cold and limp. I was going to give them two stars because the service was ok but I just can't. The food was disgusting. Do yourself a favor and go anywhere else before the show.
The meal was much better then the comic tonight at Funny Bone but that's not saying much. I had potato skins for my dinner and they were dry and tasteless. Decided to add some kick with hot sauce and by the time it was brought out I only had 1 left.   The comic headliner 2nd place on America's Got Talent was # 4 out of the 3 comics. The bartender was better and he only made our drinks.  Fortunately we were with good friends so the night wasn't a waste. I've seen Funny Bone turn their reputation around before. Looks like they have to do it again. Good luck.
Hrmm. They're on their A-game when it comes to the entertainment they bring to Syracuse, but the service here is lackluster. Uncomfortable chairs.
From the box office to the bar and from the bouncers to the waitstaff, my first experience at Funny Bone was a positive one! I've never been to a comedy club in general, so I didn't know what to expect. This national chain certainly knows how to put on more than just a good show. We started at the bar before entering the actual club. Drinks are pricey but strong; you can chose to have your drink served in a souvenir glass for $10. After being served by semi-efficient, not overly personable bartenders, our group of ten were escorted into the showroom. Our host accommodated our large group by seating us comfortably at adjacent tables. We were greeted immediately by a friendly server who took orders for more drinks and the Dip Trio, which consists of spinach artichoke, black bean and queso dips, served with tortilla chips. The appetizer turned out to be mediocre and didn't come with enough chips (we were charged for a refill - bummer). The show began with two opening acts; the first was local and the other from out of state. Both were entertaining and did well warming up the crowd. Loni Love was the main attraction; she was fantastic! Kudos to Funny Bone for bringing her to Syracuse. All the while the show was taking place, our server was very attentive. The timing and organization were spot on. Can't wait to go again!
I won tickets to the chicks are funny on a Wednesday night. The comedy was alright, the mc was incredibly loud. Everyone in our groups ears were ringing. The drinks are way overpriced. ($7.00 for a soda that includes refills or $4.50 for a soda without refills) we got the spinach dip, which tasted like basic spinach and nothing else. Also they automatically include gratuity in the bill. I'm normally a great tipper, but the server only came to the table to take the order, and drop the check. It was about $35.00 for a whiskey, spinach dip, and soda with refills (even though we never got a soda refill because the server disappeared)
I definitely agree with some of the other reviews... The entertainment is great, but service is slow, very slow!, a bit on the pricy side as expected.  The food wasn't bad though.  As long as you are in it to have a good time, you will.  Push come to shove you can always go to the bar by the entrance if you don't want to wait, just a tip...
This review is for the show, not the food.  I didn't have the food when I went (a good choice, and thank you online reviews for letting me know the situation!).  I did have drinks and they were not the best, and very overpriced. If you want to go here, you should NOT go for the food or the atmosphere.  If you go on a date, know that if you have two people, you are going to be sat at a small table with another couple right next to you at your table that you aren't going to know.  That could be a plus or a minus, depending on how you feel about strangers.  We got lucky, and sat next to a older, but really nice and friendly couple.  I could see people around us being really weirded out about being sat with people they didn't know.  So if you're not the mingling type, go in a group of four so that you can sit with people you know. So the drinks are nothing special.  The couple at our table didn't have much to say about the food, it looked a step up from Denny's diner fare, and the portions were quite large. Another thing you need to know is to show up early, around the time that's on your ticket if you buy online, so you're talking around 1.5 hours early if you want to get a seat with a good view OR sit up front.  Your whole party has to enter at the same time also to be seated. That's no joke, either.  We went to an early show, which is probably why we didn't run into the problems with the crowd like some other reviewers.  If you are not ordering food or drinks they won't pressure you into buying them, but it can be weird if you are sitting there for 1.5 hours with a couple you don't know, who is clearly on what they thought was going to be a private, romantic date. The comedy was fun.  Not fantastic, but fun.  A crude, fun kind of humor.  They do get some bigger names, and there was one the night we went.  I had low expectations going in, and so I wasn't let down.   The waitstaff kind of does not care that you are there.  They spend wayy more time tending to the large parties of people, expect sub par service if you are a small group. Honestly I am not going back unless there's a big name I want to see there.  Otherwise, I can get REALLY good food and a date night atmosphere at Wise Guys in Syracuse for a lot less than you pay to go to Funny Bone. A telling thing was when we were leaving, I overheard a LOT of people talking about how expensive the food and drinks were.  So Funny Bone may have had the last laugh there.
I went to the Funny Bone for a show for the first time this past weekend for a friend's birthday, and needless to say, it will definitely be the last. It was by far the most disrespectful treatment and humiliating experience I've ever experienced. I went with a group of friends, 6 of us in all, and went to have drinks and food before the show at the Funny Bone bar. The door man, David, asked if we had tickets and advised us that we could sit at the bar and have drinks/food before the show. We were told before hand that they would start letting people in @ 9:15 for the 9:45 show, and that seating was based on a first come, first served basis. So we got there early as we had planned to have drinks anyways and also wanted to sit in the front since it was first come, first served as they stated previously. There were about 5 people at the bar when we got there. So our group went to the end of the bar to grab the seats that were available and a couple of my friends grabbed tables for them and their wives, one of which is pregnant and due within the next couple of months. So everything had been going fine up until that point. I then had to use the restroom in which my friend had asked me to ask the girl at the entrance inside to see if there was any way that they could accommodate seating for us since his wife is pregnant. If they couldn't, that was not a problem either, we just figured we would ask and since we were one of the first people there, we figured we would get good seats regardless.So the girl stated once again that it was first come, first served but to check with the door man, and that he would probably help out. So my friend asked him if there was anything he could do to help, and he rudely said "no" and that he needed to "go back to his table" in the bar. So we hung out for a while more, and at this point the bar area was now packed w/ people standing as all seats/tables were taken. So as it got closer to entrance time, we moved closer to the front of the bar area so we could get ready to line up and go in to get seats in the front as we had planned. At this point, the door man very rudely stated that "we had to go back to our seats/tables". However, since it was so packed, our seats and tables had been taken by others who were there standing around. So we tried to go back as far as we could, however, it was a tight fit w/ too many people. So the door man called the manager who came out and started to point at everyone in our group individually and said something to him. At this point, my other friend went up to the manager to explain to him the whole situation, that we had been there for a couple of hours and were one of the first people there, and just wanted to make sure that we would get in before all those who came to the bar later since they claimed it was first come, first served. The manager stated to him that it wasn't his decision and that it was the door man, David's call. He had already made up his mind, so my friend had asked for the manager's name in which he was told that they could not give out that info. So we stayed where we were because we couldn't go back any further, and all of a sudden 2 Syracuse police officers came. So as it became around entrance time, many people had started to move toward the front and start to lineup in which case nothing was said to them by the door man. So as the previous show emptied out, the door man tapped my friend's girlfriend on the shoulder and told her to gather her group. So we all gathered together and they let us through, but told us to stand over to the side. The door man then pulled a rope and blocked us from going in, and proceeded to let EVERY person in the bar area into the showroom while we stood there. That was very embarrassing as we had done nothing wrong and felt as if we had been outed for no reason. So after everybody in the bar area had entered, the door man opened the rope and then was going to let us in before the other line of people who weren't at the bar were to start entering. Feeling upset, humiliated, and embarrassed, we decided that we just wanted a refund for the show because of the treatment and poor customer service. So the police officer spoke to the manager and he said he would look into seeing if they would be able to refund our money. After standing there for about 10 minutes, the manager then came out and refunded the money for the 6 tickets that were purchased. This was the worst display of professionalism, poor customer service, and worst managerial skills I have ever witnessed in my life. Our group spent over $200 in food and drinks as they are not cheap there. I am just baffled by how this place operates. The first come, first served policy is false as they have no system in place to honor that. It's more like closest to the door is first served. I would like to state that the Syracuse police officers were very good about the situation and very courteous. This place is the biggest joke. "0" stars if I could.
