This is a low hustle 100% ALL NUDE - not just topless . Great VIP lap dances without the bad  attitude my favorite !!  - and I'm a life time Local here so I truly have been to ALL the similar places in the area that compare to this -  The BEST in  New York State !!  - this is a no alcohol place due to the 100% ALL nude factor so swig a few before you come- great VIP's !!!
To start, this is a strip club, there is no denying it. The main attraction here are the dancers and food is an afterthought. The atmosphere is mixed, with a surprising near perfect balance of gender. It gets full, but not crowded nearing the end of the show. With that said, even though there are few food choices. The ones that they have are not half bad. They have some fry's, chicken nuggets, and cheese sticks. We had all of them and no one complained. One caveat is the way they charge you. There is a 10 dollar entrance fee, and then you are immediately forced and inquired to buy a drink. All soft drinks are 5 dollars each, including water.The food on the other hand was cheap. around $3 per plate. The place closes at 4AM. Which as of july fourth 2010, is the latest closing restaurant in Syracuse. Every other bar/restaurant closes at 2am. This leads to the place becoming full after 2am. Even though drinks are not allowed by law. The girls were a mix of everything. Some of them were more experienced then others, pulling some hard core pole tricks with upside down slides and hanging knee spins. Their age varied from 19 to 26 from what the eye could tell. I could have sworn I saw one of them in Syracuse university. They do special tricks for tippers including apparently customary boob rubs and ear bites. The lighting is 99% red. they really try to incite your emotions. The decorations are a bit , out of my taste, but the DJ and the pulsating lights more than make up for it. I should probably mention that all the entertainers strip all the way, and they are not afraid to show their anatomy. Hints: the last 30 minutes don't have an entrance fee. The dancers get almost all of their money in singles. They make about 60 a day.
