Great bar and atmosphere. .. Meagon was my bartender and was very nice and attentive.  Had wings and beer.  If your in Syracuse give it a try!!!
What a shame. We visited this bar in the famed Destiny mall while meeting up with some friends for the night. The man at the door was very friendly, which I had hoped was a sign of things to come. Boy, was I wrong. The bar was empty at 11 on a Friday. The first bartender was nice. But then kind of passed us off to another. We were starving so we chose a few appetizers for snacking. They were out of their fry option, which I didn't understand. But we chose chips and salsa instead. Now I don't have high expectations for bar food. But this food was awful. The salsa looked like a watered down version of the marinara sauce we got with the mozz sticks. You get the picture. When it came time to leave. Which was immediately after eating. I had to wave down the bartender just hanging out at the end of the bar. It was only then that she gave us any attention. Only to look for her tip!! Pass on this one. There's much better options.
Visited from Boston ..place was clean..friendly staff. Our server was very friendly..my granddaughter loved her crayons..The Nachoes were probably the best i have had..chicken was a little dry..everyone got the burgers but me.i chose steak..the burgers were fantastic..the steak was ok..little more flavor would have been nice. The only big dissapointment was the "macaroni and cheese". Tasted like a lipton side dish..gstlic and herb but no cheese..our waiter was given a party of 20 but still kept up with us..Not a bad experience. I will def return
The management team seems to be addressing issues as this concept is still relatively new. I will be visiting again in the future and I hope to update my review. Thank you for responding to my past experiences, TK guest relations.
I came here on a Thursday with my mom, 3 sisters and 3 nieces and it was a pretty average experience. We were seated right away which was nice and had a great waitress who was very attentive to our needs - which is a lot when you travel with 3 girls 3 and under. We had a good amount of time to order drinks and to order our foods. We never felt pressured or that we were sitting around waiting for her to come over and take our orders. I wants the chicken fried chicken -- Sooooo bad. However, they ran out so I couldn't. I already had mashed potatoes, gravy and corn in my head so I went with the chicken fried steak instead. It was okay. Maybe a little bland, it tasted like oil. I asked for extra gravy and I was glad. Although I had to add pepper to my gravy for some more flavor, it was still pretty good. The corn cob was also pretty good but you could tell it was been sitting in water for a while and it wasn't very fresh. All of our foods were very blad. Nothing special but nothing awful. That was the same as our wait service, nothing extraordinary but nothing bad. There were a few negatives to the place: The music was sooo incredibly loud it was obnoxious. It was a Thursday evening and half of the restaurant was empty. It was not necessary to have the music up that loud It took almost an hour to get our food after ordering. Like I said earlier, the restaurant was half empty so that wasn't necessary. We asked about it and the waitress told us a party of 45 was there and ordered right before us.  It you have a party of 45, chances are you know they are coming so I don't see that to be a good excuse. Plan ahead and have extra staff ready for that large party. Although I don't really care about the uniforms and it is part of the theme of the bar, if you are going to be a kid friendly place you should not have girls wearing shorts with their vagina's hanging out and their tummys showing in their shirts. Maybe just a little bit longer of shorts would be nice. My three year old niece asked us why is her belly showing, she is going to catch a cold. I agree with her. Positives: Our waitress was really great and when she needed help bringing our food out and clearing the table she had another really great staff member helping her out. It was nice that they were both baby and kid friendly and didn't mind the fact we have toys and french fries everywhere. The bar manager came over and said hi to us which does not always happen. It is something very simple that can change a whole perspective one has on a restaurant and that helped my perspective. It is nice to be at a place that cares about their customers. The bathroom was very large. It is larger than some of the mall bathrooms. That is great when you have a 3 year old with you who likes to explore new bathrooms and has to go to the bathroom every 15 minutes. There was no wait time - woo whoo. Overall, I probably wouldn't come back. The music is too loud and I don't even like country or county music and the food was just okay. If someone else really wanted to come here and try it I would be okay with that but I would probably wait longer somewhere else and know that I am going to be able to have a conversation with my family and eat foods with really great flavor.
I didn't know very much about Toby Keith before visiting his restaurant, but now that I've spent an hour there, I'm pretty sure I would have been happier not having known him. We visited the restaurant on a Friday afternoon for lunch while we were at the Destiny USA mall. The space is huge, the menu looked like what we were interested in, and there were lots of open tables. So far, so good. The food is fine. I don't visit restaurants like this very much, but it seemed like your standard Applebees / TGIF fare. Lots of burgers, wings, and salads. It was edible and arrived quickly, but nothing to write home about. The part I found distasteful was the way the waitresses were all sexed-up in tiny jean shorts and low-cut tank tops. They might as well call the place "Hooters". Our waitress was very friendly and attentive, and the girls are attractive and all, but it's not the kind of thing I'll ever expose my daughter to again. On top of that, our table faced a TV playing a loop of Toby Keith propaganda video, which is, you guessed it, more scantily-clad women. That this place draws a crowd blows my mind.
I have visited this location a few times now for food only and for drinks only. The soup was not good. The 3 chips where stale and the soup was room temperature at best and bland. We had spinach and artichoke dip which was the worst I have ever had. My burger was ok. The party I was with both times had nothing to rave about. BUT this is a franchise so I was not surprised. Now going here for drinks was a different story. The place feels like you walked into the dirty South which is a nice change living in Upstate NY. There is a stage area for live music and a bull ride. The place is huge and very cool. I will say that for some reason most the barmaids both times I went where not pleasant.  The fact that the place was mobbed and there was only 4 of them working but at he same time there was about 20 bouncers in the place may be a reason that they where stressed out. At the same time they should suck it up or get a new job. Both times I went every round of drinks I ordered with the exception of one barmaid I was treated very rudely. I really don't get it. I am a happy-go-lucky guy that treats everyone with respect and usually get it in return. Overall, the place is worth seeing and trying once I guess. They need to have twice as many barmaids working for the size crowd they have. The fact that the management does not realize that is mind boggling. Also, throw the current ones some Prozac or get new ones.
Nothing to brag about food is basic chain best thing I can say is it better than ponderosa . Big place kind of feels empty, beer selection disappointing unless you feel nation brands are great selection. Mason jar tested like dish water residue on rim. I had fun but cannot say I would make special  trip to come here unless they had a act I wanted to hear. On par with chilies Applebee's and so on. Girls in daisy dukes make a nice distraction from the overall  place
I like the place and love the music. The food was as humongous as the restaurant. I ordered Should've Been A Cowboy Burger (with bacon & melted cheese) in well-done and I am impressed... And THE Chocolate Cake is amazing! I will definitely go back before my vacation is over.
I went to check this out on a Saturday. We had a 20 minute wait at 2pm (was told 30) Atmosphere is a 10!! Awesome looking place. I didn't have an issue with my waitress. She refilled my wife's soda fast, and she checked up on us a few times. Wife had a wrap that she said was great. I had an "American soldier" burger. Overall it was a good burger. Nothing special, but good. Best thing about the burger was it was free to active duty military!!!!! Thank you Toby!!'!! We also had the spinach dip. It has a cream cheese mixture in it. Nasty. It was my only complaint. Lucky we had a manager swing buy to ask us how our meal was. She was quick to take it off our bill. I had a pleasant experience, and I would come back in a heart beat. But it's busy, expect long waits.
Yelpers descend! I was excited to visit this new bar in the Destiny mall, and if I was rating it solely on the music scene it would be a 5. Great set up for live shows. Sound is awesome and the dance floor is large. They need to iron out their service however. Waitstaff is inexperienced, slow and inconsistent.  I counted maybe 9 bouncers, and 4 bartenders. FOUR! Come on! Kitty Hoynes has 6 on, on a Friday night, the bar at TK is easily 3x the size! I waited 10 mins, money in hand at the bar and eventually left. I saw so many people around the bar frustrated and complaining.  We got a table thinking this would be our ticket to quicker service. No such luck. Maybe we'll try again in a few months after grand opening jitters wear off Toby.
Not sure that I had any hopes when I was told this is where we were going.  I hadn't really heard of the place before.  It was ok.  The place is HUGE, I mean HUGE.  It's almost too big for a restaurant.  This place actually turns into a 'bar' type place after like 7ish.  My son-in-law had to go out to the car and upon his return because it was after 7, he had to put a wrist band on.  There is a huge bar smack dab in the middle of the place, with perfect view of the stage.  Now the stage (they have performers often), is kind of small for the size of the place.  There is a decent size dance floor right in front of the stage.  Several different eating sections.  The flow of the place is alright, but there are some odd openings in walls that you can easily walk thru... this is neat but can be a little dangerous.  I say that becuase my grandson and I went to the restroom and when returning to our table, we took the little 'shortcut opening', and almost ran right into a server with an arm full of food! We ordered some beers and margarita's.  Special was two for one! Yay!  The margarita's were super delicous!  Kiddos had chocolate milk :) I ordered ribs... they were good. But nothing special.  Everyone seemed to enjoy what they got, but there were too many of us for me to remember what they all ordered.   The one thing that I thought was pretty neat, they offer a free hamburger meal to all military.  That's cool... props to Toby Keith!
Food is overpriced and not that great,our waitress gave us the wrong check and when I brought this to her attention she called me a liar. When I pointed out that our plates were still on the table she stormed off looking for a manager. 20 min later our corrected check arrived at the table the manager (I am assuming) walked past our table and glared at us. We never got an apology I paid the check and left. This was perhaps one of the worst dinning experiences I've ever had. I do not recommend anybody go to this restaurant .. I defiantly do not love this bar and grill!
Loud, over priced. Fried pickles were good so was the country fried steak and potatoes. Prices were high, I would rather go to Chilis.
Horrible!  Inept service, mediocre food, waste of space.
My fiancé and I were SO excited to check out this restaurant. We even said OK to waiting an hour. Fast forward to an hour and 15 minutes later where we check on how much longer the wait is, only to get so much attitude from the hostess saying she called my cell phone...which was in my hand with full service the entire time, but whatever. Our waiter was training someone & they were both VERY nice. We ordered an appetizer which led the waiter to go into a 2 minute questionarre about if we'd like our main meals put in same time, after, how much time from when we get our app. Ummmm, ok?? 15 minutes later our main entrees come out....no appetizer in sight. The waiter acknowledged that he made a mistake & then leads to more questions about if we want our app still or not. We both for got the strip steak with mashed potatoes & Mac & cheese. Apart from everything being cold it was also completely lacking flavor. And the spinach & artichoke appetizer we ordered...twice...we've never tasted any spinach artichoke dip like that. We don't even know what that was. Thank god the waiter took that off the bill. We kept being told that a manager was made aware of our situation, however we never got approached by one. We didn't even complain about our main entrees even though you could visibly see a huge amount of food left on the $22 plate. Great decor & good atmosphere. We *might* give it a second chance, but won't be throwing down the bills like we did today...not worth it.
Not even midnight and they are closed. Sign for a Thursday says they open until 2am. Disappointed
Went there at a Saturday at 2pm, there was a ten minute wait. After we got sat the waitress was quick and got our drinks fast and took our order. Then things went downhill fast. After waiting for almost 40 mins the waitress informed us our order got misplaced but that they were hurrying to get it out. After another 20-25 our food finally arrived as tables around us that came after us were leaving. Even another customer came over and commented how long we waited for our food. The food was decent, I really enjoyed the baked beans. But after waiting over an hour I was shocked to see that no manager came to our table and we had to pay full price for everything. Decent food but probably will skip this restaurant the next time we are in Syracuse
I joined the VIP club when I heard they were opening a Toby Keiths here in Syracuse. I received my Birthday invitation about 4 days ago.  Made all of my necessary arrangements.  This was going to be my first experience visiting and sampling the food and drinks.  We were a party of two.. we arrived at 5:45, was told the wait was 35-40 minutes..(it was a Saturday night).  We went to the bar with our buzzer, to watch the SU game and look over the menu while we were waiting to be seated.  45 minutes later our buzzer goes off and we proceed with the seating.  We are first put in an area that was sooooooooo cold.. my gosh you could actually feel the air conditioning blowing right on top of you...  no thanks I dont want my food cold before I even get a chance to sample it.  We, of course requested to be moved somewhere warmer.  We were accommodated quickly.  I showed the server my coupon, drinks and order taken promptly. Up to this point... so far so good.....Food arrives very quickly.  Entree, prepared nicely.. seasoned well cooked exactly as requested. Now for the sides.... Are you Kidding me?????  to me nothing worse than having ice cold mashed potates and the gravy was cold too, as were my fried okra... I had to send those items back 3 times before I got the temperature I was looking for. To their credit, they did it, without grumble or fight.... Someone please tell their kitchen manager its obvious they are clueless about food temps for hot food.
We tried to start our evening out at Toby Keiths I love this Bar And Grill last night.  After driving to Syracuse from Rochester we headed into the mall and ventured into this bar...  after a long drive we were hungry and were looking for couple of beers and an appetizer.  My husband and I sat at the bar and waited about ten minutes just for the bartender to ask us if she could get us anything.   I asked if there were any specials because we saw a sign on the way in that posted something about Buy One Get One Margaritas... She said NOPE... then she handed us menus and walked off.  We waited another 10 minutes for her to come back.  At this point we thought going to the other end of the bar to sit would be a better idea because this particular bartender was very busy flirting with the boys on the opposite side of the bar and had very little interest in helping a married couple looking for a drink and appetizer together.   So I grabbed my purse and we headed down to the other end.... Only to be met by a very similar girl wearing just as short shorts flirting with the same type of boys.... After wasting 30 minutes of my life I will never get back, I asked to talk to the Manager.   I explained to the woman our situation just as we were leaving.   She apologized and offered to buy us our appetizers on the house.  I told her I was not interested but thought she should know how things were being run behind the bar in hopes of fixing them for future customers.   We will not be returning..  we did not LOVE Toby Keith's Bar and Grill!!!
Was there this past Saturday killing time before Delayed SU game........? Food was decent, service was fine.
In a word- horrible. The bartender was cold and defensive.  When I told her the food was cold and tasteless she said, "it is not my fault."  No attempt to correct issue, or re-order food.   Bar was 1/3 full at the time.  Sorry Toby, love your music,,  but this place sucks. Try the Brewery downstairs',  Awe-some,
