Well for one thing, the negative reviews about the music seems to have worked.  It wasn't as loud and boisterous as I was expecting.  But the point about the star not knowing their beers is still pretty valid.  However I have found that the bartenders do know their staff, unlike the wait staff.  So if you want to learn about your Beverage, take a seat at the bar. Food is over-rated but then I stumbled across their tater-tots!  Holy tater heaven :) I also signed up as a member only to find out that they didn't have the shirts in my size - L.  Who doesn't size L?  Really? As far as the beers go, they do have a great selection.  After all, it is World of Beer! The only plus point this place has is that it is located at a mall.  Now I'm really excited to go shopping with the wifey ;)
Usually if I have a bad first experience with a restaurant I try to go back and give it another go. Rarely is the second visit worse than the first... Granted that for the time being this is the only beer garden in Syracuse, the cramped atmosphere, boisterous overly loud music, and clueless servers made this out to be an uncomfortable and frustrating experience. 10-15 minutes of your time will be wasted trying to find a seat, and expect to wait another 10 to even be acknowledged by a server if you aren't already annoyed to flag one down yourself. The music is so loud you'll most likely opt to stare at the people you're with through your beer mug. The "extensive" beer list is misleading; the first three beers I asked for were out of stock. I walked out both times without putting in an actual order since they had nothing I asked for. Sad as it sounds I walked across the mall to Friday's, instantly found a bar seat, and was happy as a clam ordering a Dogfishead IPA...
I love this place and I hate this place. I'll start with why I love it... The first thing is obvious and that's the selection of beer? Awesome. What I also love about the place (being a loyalty member) is they make it fun and provide incentives. $14 gets you a shirt and a loyalty card. They keep track of all the beers you try and you get another shirt at 50 then another shirt at 100. 250 they throw you a party.  It's just fun and cool and makes you want to explore your palette and have fun with it. They also have one of the best functioning iphone apps I have ever seen for an establishment. Search any beer in their inventory by style, abv, etc. keeps track of your beers you tried and you earn fun badges. Why I hate the place... Your staff knows NOTHING about your beers. I find that embarrassing. Your music is absolutely obnoxious. Whether it's the speakers or a band it's absurd. Can't hold a conversation with anyone. The craft beer crowd like awesome beer and great conversations with friends not screaming in each others ears while a band is going full throttle. All in all a great place with flaws, but I still frequent to build up my loyalty rewards!
Not very good for an attempt at a beer garden. The one redeeming thing about World of Beer is that they have a wide selection. I'd say 80% of their beers are very common and can be located anywhere else in Upstate NY. The other 20% are less common and it was nice to sample a couple that are difficult to find outside NYC. The servers know nothing about the beers, so be prepared to do your own research and not depend on any recommendations. Any you get are random and uninformed. The place itself is uncomfortable and a terrible atmosphere for drinking beer. The seating is crammed and awkward--the whole time we were there, employees kept whisking by our table and bumping into my chair, knocking my jacket off the chair, etc. Employee congregate and socialize in the hallway leading back to the restrooms in full view of customers. Some female employee kept going back there and hanging off the necks of male employees... just unprofessional and weird. This is also one of those places where the server disappears right when you're looking to pay. It took almost 15 minutes between finishing our last beer and getting our check. Awkward, because the place is very full and there are other customers circling our table like vultures. If you want to turn tables and get more revenue, you have to get customers checked out when they are done! World of Beer is another venue that believes they are creating "atmosphere" by cranking music to an obnoxious volume. No, you are causing your customers to want to leave early because they have to shout themselves hoarse to have a simple conversation at their table. Lots of work needed to get this to the point that I'd want to go back.
We really just came here for the beer, and we were not disappointed. So many beers on tap! Even more beers in bottles. If only we could have stayed longer and tried more! I love beer on tap and this place did not disappoint. The wait staff was super friendly, very helpful, and allowed samples of anything on tap. We got the flatbread appetizers and enjoyed them. I tried the Italian flatbread and my sister tried the Margherita flatbread. I would definitely recommend the Margherita version - they put this balsamic glaze on top that is delectable. Thsi place is definitely worth a trip.
Food was under seasoned. Ordered a Southwest Chicken Sandwich and got rubbery chicken with almost no sauce or seasoning to speak of. Would steer clear of food as the other dishes (Beer battered shrimp and Chicken sandwich) were underwhelming as well.  We got there around 11:30am on a Sunday so the place was fairly empty and food arrived very quickly. Large selection of beers on draft (around 30-40) and extensive bottle list. Ordered an IPA flight and received 3 IPAs and Tröegs Mad Elf, which is not an IPA.  Server did acknowledge the mistake and replaced it with another IPA. Very apparent staff needs to be more knowledgable about craft beer, both bartenders and servers. Server disclosed that they received lots of corporate training but did not seem to learn much about beer.  May change in the future as more servers learn on the job from customers. Server could not recommend any beers based on what my party liked or disliked. Although server was friendly and willing to learn tips we gave. Markup on beer bottles was fairly high. For example, Goose Island Bourbon County Stout was $9 a bottle compared to $5-6 bottles at a retail shop like the Party Source on Erie Boulevard. Draft beer prices were more reasonable at approximately $5-7 dollars per beer. Seating was somewhat uncomfortable with only stools and tall chairs with poor back support placed in the restaurant.
I visited WOB yesterday for the first time.  I generally don't think of a mall as a place to drink beer, but WOB had one of the best beer selections that I've ever seen.  There were 2 pages of draughts and a book for the selection of bottles.  My friend and I didn't order food, so I can't comment on that aspect.   However, great beer selection aside, what truly made the experience enjoyable was Cat, our server, who was exceptionally amiable, helpful, and engaging.  If you want a great beer selection, I recommend WOB.  I also recommend Cat as your server.
Though I appreciate an attempt at a beer garden in Syracuse, this place really needs to get its act together. First of all, why in gods name are you blaring techno and pop music at an overbearing volume? Any good beer garden is designed for relaxation with friends and family and will rarely have the "dance club" feel that this place has. Second, train your severs a little bit better. Our waitress took orders from three of the four individuals in my party and then walked off... I had to flag her down to take my fiance's food order. Frankly it was just strange.
Great new bar in Destiny. Very wide selection of beers from microbrews around the region. Food was solid, typical bar-food, though fairly expensive. Self-seating.
