On this weekday, I found the "3 year-old caterer" turned into a classy-looking storefront restaurant dotted with many tables covered with white tablecloths and the peripheral areas with couches, a TV, paintings, etc. Open for lunch only, the menu presented 2 soups (which change daily), 7 sandwiches, salads, etc. and 4 cakes that were on display - "all homemade." For takeout, I ordered a "cup" of Chicken Noodle Soup which had a noticeable celery salt tinge and nearly no chicken! Also, a "cup" of Tortilla Soup with its good vegetables and a nice southwest flavor restored my faith in the kitchen. It seems that I was mistakenly given bowl sizes and charged accordingly - $4.49 each. The Mattie's Toasted Reuben Sandwich $9.95, came on regular-sized marble rye and was, as listed  - "oven roasted turkey" (sure looked and tasted like deli to me!), pastrami (a few narrow strips, quite fatty), corned beef (thick-cut and very chewy), provolone and Swiss cheeses, slaw and sauerkraut (negligible amounts) and a tomato slice. Thousand Island dressing? It was well stacked with the offending meat, but it was generally a huge disappointment. I had a slice of the bundt-style Blueberry Cake cut to order which was as good as it looked - $3.99. I hope the jazz is better than their sandwiches.
Went to this place for the Love and Laughter event. The cost was 45 single and 70 couple for dinner, comedy and the Brownskin Group. The food was served IN THOSE DIP PLATES!!! yes, the little rectangular 3 dip plates!!, but then they ran out of those plates and the last group received regular plates with more food!!!. They charge 2 dollars for can soda, didn't give me a cup or anything. When I complained about the fact that we had little food, the guy serving got an attitude and told me "why don't you just come back a second time" I got a wine and she gave me a third of the wine glass for 5 dollars.They left the plates on the tables until the end, don't they know that they should have picked them up while the comedians were talking so the tables were comfortable? I don't think the owners know what they are doing.The comedy was awesome, then Brownskin took the stage and even thought it was a Valentine's Day show they played 4 hard Rap songs and NO SLOW SONGS, not even to close the show. IT WAS ABSOLUTELY NOT WORTH THE PRICE, but the only save was the comedians, they were great!!
