I appreciate Empire Brewing Company's dedication to supporting local business and have been there on many occasions. I've enjoyed their lunch/dinner offerings as well as their nightlife. In general, I find their staff (hosts, servers - not the bartenders) to be pretty apathetic toward patrons; however, the unique selection of food and eclectic atmosphere usually make up for this. Most recently, I visited on two separate occasions within one week, once for lunch and another time for dinner. For lunch, we started with the Roasted Red Pepper Hummus; unfortunately, we found the flavor to be a bit bland and the consistency somewhat thin. For my entree, I ordered the Greek Cobb Salad. I love entree salads and this is one of my favorites in town. It comes with all kinds of goodies on it, including cous cous, feta cheese and kalamata olives. All of the vegetables were fresh and crisp. The salad is definitely filling and would be even more so if you add chicken. For dinner, I chose the Tofu Tacos. The meal included two tacos and a side (I chose the cucumber salad). Overall, I enjoyed the tacos but was expecting a little more from the dish. I thought the "java vegetables" would be more than just shredded cabbage and as far as I could tell, the salsa verde could have been from a jar. However, the flavors mixed well and the tofu was prepared just right - very firm. The cucumber salad was okay. Oh and it was priced just right too: $7.75, not bad for dinner.
My first memories of Empire are from when I was 6-7 years old, before it closed down for a few years. Since it's reopened, I've been nothing but impressed almost every single time I come here (and that's quite often). I've easily been here 20-25 times and the food is just great. The bartenders and servers are excellent as well. And the focus on local foods is just another huge bonus. Some of my favorite food items: blue cornbread with maple butter (drool), lobster bisque (so creamy), Sweet Fire (andouille sausage with brown sugar and mustard), fish tacos (since when are these consistently good in ANY restaurant?), jambalaya is pretty good...and...the burgers. These get their own category. First of all, sweet potato fries are a must (I think I say this in many reviews...). Favorite burgers are probably the elk burger (surprisingly good and not nearly as gamey as I expected) and the Tumbleweed (fried tumbleweed onions, smoked gouda). Not as impressed by the Kobe, as it was too heavy for my taste, but it was still solid. Also not huge on the Crawfish Nola, which is a creamy pasta dish that just didn't do it for me and didn't "feel" like it fit the cuisine (although the dishes are really all over the place). And the beers. Oh my gosh. First off, if you get something like Bud Light here, you're crazy. Try something they make. White Aphro (tastes like a cross between tea and beer). Black Magic Stout. Critz's Pumpkin Ale. Those three are my absolute favorites, but almost anything they make is fabulous. The bar atmosphere at night is great. The crowd isn't quite as young as you get at a place like Dorsey's etc., but that's because you won't find the under-21 crowd here with fakes. It ranges from early 20s on up and it's a classier, hipper feel (but not hipster like Al's). Last but not least: you MUST try the Blues Brunch. And beware that the portions are humongous. I went with my boyfriend last summer and we started with cornbread because we were starved. We then ordered two breakfast entrees (the brunch pizza and the Sweet Fire fajitas). We ended up bringing home 2/3 of each. One entree would still have given us leftovers. The food was awesome and we will definitely be going back for brunch sometime in the future.
Empire has excellent food (try the Andouille Po boy) and beer (I recommend the White Aphro).  One of my favorite downtown lunch joints.   When they are busy their service lacks.   They also can't do scrambled egg whites for their otherwise excellent Blues Brunch, even though they have fresh eggs for their poached eggs.
I would say just middle of the road. We visited for ouch while in town, and we weren't overly wow'd or disappointed. Service was okay. Menu options okay. Food, just okay. Beer, probably the most exciting part of our visit. We liked so much, we bought growlers. Next time, I'll stick with the beer and skip the food.
Fun place in Armory Square. The beer is the best. They have many of their own brews and special "guest" beers, including Ithaca's Cold Front. I really like their menu which promotes "locally sourced ingredients" My favorite is the tumbleweed burger
I'm in the tiny minority that doesn't love Empire... don't get me wrong, I like it.  It's a good place to grab a beer and listen to some live music.  Their seasonal brews are always worth checking out.  I also like the atmosphere - dark, and all the nooks and crannies provide privacy.   But the food there is below average.  I've ordered 3 things I know I love - including a Cuban sandwich no long on the menu (wonder why) - and they look fine but taste bland or overcooked.  One time I got mild food poisoning.  The menu is just too ambitious for the kitchen.  My friends tell me that anything Cajun inspired is the way to go.  I do not recommend trying anything remotely bar-food like!   Bottom line: meet there for a drink, go somewhere else for dinner!
Great beer selection!!! You gotta try all the beer they offer!!! Good dinner place and/or bar night. You can have private dinner for groups in their rooms upstair!!! The price is reasonable. You must go to this bar if you go to SU!!!
I give Empire so much credit for presenting dishes made with local ingredients as much as possible. Such a great concept that more restaurants should embrace! I visited recently for the Sunday blues brunch with my boyfriend and some friends. The service was efficient and friendly, the waffle I ordered was divine, and the atmosphere is pretty cool as well. I've been here one prior to this particular visit too, and recall ordering a pumpkin beer that I wasn't particularly thrilled with. But I will forgive that since the whole blues brunch concept is great and the establishment itself is pretty awesome.
Visited for a first time on Friday night while visiting Syracuse. Me and my boyfriend are fans of breweries and beers however we dont like crowded and loud bars. Anyway we spend the whole evening by the bar tasting different beers and we really liked it. There were times when there was a lot of people, there were times when they were not that crowded, but it never got "too" crowded and too loud. The atmosphere was great and we loved the beers. We did not get anything to since we were at the dinner somewhere else, but next time we will definitely get some food too, and then it might get 5 stars from me. definitely nice place to hang out and have a good beer with friends
Good drinks, atmosphere and sweet fries. Place definitely smells like a brewery.   Food is okay not great. Service was good.
Never sit upstairs. Waitstaff forgot about us and brought our food out one at a time. Not a good day service wise. Food was still good. We sat upstairs because the music was too loud for my son. Once we got upstairs and the waitress informed us they had sent the girl home that was handling upstairs, we offered to go down but, she assured us it would be fine...... Everything that could have gone wrong, did. Our waitress obviously had tables downstairs she was trying to take care of. I have been here a few dozen times, at least, and this is our first bad experience. I will give them the benefit of the doubt and chalk it up to an isolated incident. Like I said the food was still good.
I've been here at least 4 times. Each time things just kinda didn't get started. I'm not sure if its that the restaurant stays open next to the bar so it feels like your drinking at Ruby Tuesdays sometime. I think it's better if the food is only available at the bar, when your tipsy and looking at some cute girl and thinking about doing the horizontal mambo it's not a good look to be able to look over and see kids screaming or I dunno a city council meeting. Maybe I should adventure to the other side of the bar....or the more private area...Also for some reason it feels a little like I'm at a burger joint. I'm gonna try it on a Saturday and stay there for an evening just to see if I haven't given it enough of a shot. --- Update: I've become more fond of empire, especially after seeing Joe Drisco there a few times. The bouncers seem to be a bit smarter here than other spots, they keep an eye out and aren't too aggressive with people.
Love the location. As an SU student you need good food with a reasonable prices. I found the excellent burger in Syracuse in this place. Plus, Love that it is local. I will be coming again for sure.
I went there twice. The first time my wife and I accidentally found this place while walking in downtown to find a place to eat. And luckily it was on Sunday at which time they were still offering their Brunch Special. The food we ordered were very nasty and good portion. My food was fresh and served really hot, which I really liked. Be warned though, on Sunday there is a band playing there. If you are not a fan of live music, it can be very loud. Second time we went again on a week days. I ordered a sausage po' boy. But the waiter apparently didn't pay attention and gave me a turkey po' boy.... which of course was a disappointment to me because I am not a big fan of turkey meat. The turkey po' boy wasn't that bad, but it wasn't anything that leave me a super good impression. So I didn't want to give the waiter a hard time or anything. Besides, the fried sweet potato was really crispy and delicious. On the positive side, my bentley burger my wife ordered was cooked perfectly. It was juicy, has a nice sear outside and pink inside, just the way we want for burgers. Her mash potato was alright, nothing too special for me. I'd say for its price (most entries from $10 to $15, and a few that's more expensive but those are steaks), it's very good deal. A reasonable priced meal with overall above average food. We're no big drinkers. So no comment on their drinks. But hey, they're a brewing company...
Went for dinner and the service, cleanliness and food were all very poor.  We received no bread , had to wait 30 minutes for a waitress to take our drink order.  Table was not that clean.  3of us ordered on a weds night and all had problems.  Don't bother advertising a gluten free bun for a burger and charge $2 for it.  It looked like someone made some paste, put it in a toaster and mashed it down on my burger.  It all fell apart when trying to eat it. Server was nonexistent only saw her twice. A chicken dish was made wrong, thorn they tried to substitute...mistake because it took an hour to receive some dry boring pieces just thrown on a plate. This place had great food and service years ago, but not even worth one star now.  Bring back the servers who memorized a huge parties order and got them all right!   Skip this place, there are better eateries in Armory Square. Clean up that front entrance, a definite turnoff with weeds, and cigarette butts everywhere.
This review is for the brunch. Well let's just say it's two stars because they served mimosas with ice in the glass...not just one or two cubes but a full glass of ice. Now I know there's a recession and you've got to make ends meet somehow but ice with orange juice and champagne is not the way to do it. It was also really gross concentratey I-can-taste-the-decaying-pulp orange juice too, which after a few minutes was watered down, can't believe I paid $8 for that drink. The brunch food was so-so, nothing to write home about, I got the mexican breakfast dish. The service was good, we were seated right away and didn't have to wait too long for anything.
Empire is probably my favorite restaurant in Syracuse. I love a good microbrewery, and Empire may be the best. The beers are awesome and they always have a good, rotating seasonal selection (My favorites are the Black Magic Stout and the Pumpkin Ale). The best part, however, is the food. Everything I have had on the menu is awesome (burger, veggie burger, pizza, sweet potato fries, to name a few), but if they were to eliminate the entire menu and serve only the blue corn bread, it would still be reason enough for me to keep going. That stuff is some sort of heaven to my taste buds. Served with sweet maple butter, I can get a plate of that and a couple of beers and be completely content. Prices are reasonable and the service has always been friendly, but can be slow on occasion.
Had lunch here on a weekday in December 2011 and it was alright. I did appreciate that they had daily budget lunches available on the menu, but they were some very odd food selections. I only got the calamari and truffle fries. The calamari was an overpriced disappointment, rubbery and overly battered (with unmemorable batter, at that) served with another forgettable mayo dip. On the other hand, the truffle fries were delicious, perfectly fried and salted, didn't even need the provided aioli as they distinctly out-shined the dip. I was more interested in the beer selection and they surely did have a hopped beverage to fit any person's taste. For what seems to be a small-to-mid-sized brewery, they had exceptional beer options and a wide range of boring (hey, some people really enjoy their super light pilsners, it's just not my thing) to very robust flavors. Very interesting space they have, it's in the basement underneath some clothes store and it appeared to have some construction work being done on the entrance. You'd never be able to tell it's in a lower level as it is very well lit and has windows that open up to the outside. Also has an industrial feel with exposed piping and exposed brickwork. Oh and great music selection! Very cool looking restaurant overall!
Good beer. Good food. Expect to wait a bit for a table on the weekends. Their Sunday Blues Brunch is great, and definitely try out the creole huevos rancheros then or sweet fire fajitas for dinner. One of the best places in Armory.
Food for brunch is good but the music is TOO FUCKING LOUD!  You can't even have a convo, just sit at your table and stare longingly and dumbfounded at each other because you suck at lip reading.
One of my favorite places downtown. Relaxed atmosphere, with nearly all locally sourced ingredients, without being too in your face about it. For the food, I've nearly always had burgers: Elk burger (great - went out on a limb there), Bentley burger, and Tumbleweed burger are all splendid. Go with the sweet potato fries. Go for a run after, or something -- worth it! For the beer, there's certainly some seasonal tap variety -- but the Critz Pumpkin Ale, Maple Porter, and Downtown Brown are must haves if available. Lastly, if you're in the area on Sunday mid-day -- head over for their Blues Brunch. Great food and superb atmosphere.
I've been here a few times, so I thought it was time to finally write a review.  The food that I ordered here is good, but nothing spectacular.  The one thing that really stood out was the Grilled Blue Corn Bread.  Would highly recommend getting that.   If you're looking to grab a bite to eat and a beer, you can't go wrong with this place.
This place was terrible I would never go back. I sat at the bar and ordered a beer. The bartender said if I wanted to order a beer I would have to pay or give her a credit card. I wouldn't expect this from anything but a dive bar. I ordered the jumbalaya it was terrible. A tiny amount of meat and a lot of rice. Very cheap for them to make. The meat that was there was of low quality. The beer was fine. If you were drunk and felt like rude service you might want to go there for some ok beers.  Im on the road all around the country weekly for work and this was on the very bottom end of what I've encountered.
Disappointing for having a theme of 'eat where you live'. For a self-declared farm-to-table inspired place, food was prepared without ingredient care and concern. Service was chain-restaurant adequate. Beer was tasty but not crafty -- bottled competitors offer equality. Food was less than satisfying and uninspiring. Deep fried calamari was over cooked, making it chewy. Cubano sandwich was overly buttered and seemed to have been microwaved since the meats were steaming and the bread was soggy. Chili flavor was unusual but not in a good way. Salads were iceberg intensive with oily dressings. One highlight was the Beer and Cheddar Soup -- excellent.
Don't bother!!  Horrible meal. If you enjoy fresh, well cooked food, dont go to Empire!! I ordered off the dining week menu, had the soggy ceasar salad, the oily lobster egg roll, and the Thai pork kabob (which was decent) but the side of sesame noodles wasn't even edible. Did the chef even taste it?!! Sad. I had high hopes. Won't be back after that ordeal. Upset that I even payed for that meal. Gross.
Great atmosphere an good beer and food. Chicken fahitas came out sizzling.
Empire Brewing Company is a really great place for good food and a good selection of beer.  The atmosphere is excellent.  I love being able to see the brewing facility in the restaurant.  I've come here with big and small groups, and it's perfectly suited to both type of parties.  The blue corn bread is interesting and delicious.  I recommend getting this for the table.  I am also a really big fan of the chipolte chicken quesadilla.  It's flavorful and definitely a good choice.  Good place, I recommend it.
Went to the Empure Brewing Company before a Syracuse basketball game as most places are closed on Sundays in the area.  The draft beer was a bit on the warm side....I prefer a nice frosty mug with my drink.   The farmstead chili was good but the cup portion was a little smaller than normal.  I got the Philly Turkey Po Boy and that was a very tasty sandwich. My side choice was mashed potatoes and they were really good.  The waitress was very attentive and made sure we never went thirsty.  They did have a band playing there and it was very loud in there but they were pretty solid!
Empire is officially my first dining experience in Syracuse and it was just lovely. My girlfriend convinced me to order the tumbleweed burger, which is now my favorite too! It's called tumbleweed because of the thinly sliced fried onions that compliment the burger. I loved the chipotle sauce too, but the yummiest part was the fact that my beef patty was bigger than the bun! What a divine contrast to most burgers. I got to pick a side with the burger so I went with the sweet potato fries. It came with ketchup, which I thought was a bit too tangy and overwhelmed the natural sweetness of the fries. I asked the waiter for some honey, which he promptly brought out. Definitely coming back for more!
just another brew pub.  food soso
I got the pasta with vodka cream sauce and it was delicious. The pizza is also great and I thoroughly enjoy my extra special bitter beer. The black magic stout was tasty as were the sweet potato fries. I would definitely come back.
Wow! Is it possible to drown a lobster?! Heard a lot of good things about the Empire Brewing Company, so when we came to Syracuse on a shopping vacation, we had to stop by.  The place was easy to find in an attractive neighborhood in downtown Syracuse.  We walked in and were seated promptly by a polite staff. The beer was great!  I had a black and tan and my wife tried the antioxidant martini.  Both were great and we were looking forward to a enjoyable evening of dining. Our waiter recommended the lobster special, 1 1/2 lb lobster with corn and salt potatoes.  Being from the East Coast, we would consider ourselves to be 'old salts' at consuming tasty crustaceans - so we eagerly agreed. The plate looked promising.  The corn and potatoes were typical lobster boil fare.  But the lobster!!! I don't know how to say it except that it was so bland and lifeless it seemed that it was drowned in tepid dish water for hours before being flashed to a higher temperature.  Even the butter was bland and oily and did nothing to the flavor.  The lobster looked great, had no excess water on the inside and was easy to pull apart.  But the meat inside was insipid, limp, lifeless and tasteless.  Worse lobster I have ever had in my life.  I was at a loss.  Typically badly cooked lobster is tough and chewy (like rubber bands). The chef was creative in his destruction of a simple dish. Please avoid at all costs!  Other dishes looked fine and I think I will stay away from the house special if/when I visit again.  Good for a second chance, but it better WOW!
Maybe we ordered the wrong things...maybe we had a bad table...and an awkward ,timid waiter...but this place was not what I hoped it would be. We got a table in the corner, a very tight space and it was loud in there, which is totally fine. Except our waiter was so soft spoken I literally had to lip read to figure out what he was saying. We had the beer sampler, and a cider -both we ok. I had the andouille po boy and coleslaw . Sandwich was ok, coleslaw meh. My bf had the jambalaya- chicken was over cooked and dish was tasteless. Couple at table beside us were friendly and that was the highlight....I won't be going back here.
I had the best mussels here.  They were cooked in a Hoegaarden style beer.  I come from Belgium where mussels and beer are a plenty.  This could stand up to my previous taste-experiences.  My husband and I did the beer-tasting too and they were all well worth a try.  He had the PoBoy.  The shrimp were very tasty and battered in beer.  This was a memorable meal.  I want to cook with beer.
I was pleasantly surprised by the food here. It was fantastic! We stumbled down the stairs after a Syracuse basketball game and the bar was absolutely brimming with people. We didn't hold out much hope of getting a table or prompt service, but we were seated right away and our food was on the table within 20 minutes. And it was delicious! I ordered the falafel and feta flatbread with sweet potato fries and it was perfect. Totally hit the spot. The only struggle was pushing past all the people to get to the woefully tiny bathroom at the back, where only one stall was operational.
This place is great! I love the beer, the food and the atmosphere. Staff is super friendly. The wait can get a little hectic on the weekends, especially during an SU football or basketball game but that's only because this place is awesome!
So I tasted all their brews and I really like the IPA. It had a citrus taste not the typical bitterness. Very smooth. I'll go back for more. Ask the bartender u wanna taste the sampler. If u really nice to her u might get a free one. Lol.
While Empire is nothing special, if you're looking for a nice atmosphere to go out to dinner with friends, this is the place to go in Syracuse. While there hasn't been anything so far on the menu that I've really enjoyed, everything I've had is good. Food comes out a bit slow and the service could be a bit better, but an enjoyable environment.
BEERS. I felt at home, a place I would go and hang out with my friends. It definitely brought me back to my college drinking days except this time around I can't handle my alcohol as well. Young and fun and lots of good brews. $5 for a GREAT beer.. at home I'd be paying $6-$10. By the end of the night was I schwasted off 3 beers.  There was a lot of seating and I was served quickly. Bathrooms were maintained.
The beer was great, the food was so so. I enjoyed the Bentley Burger, Teresa had a Caesar salad with falafel and  tofu. Not too great. Truffles fries were ok. Moraccan chile and NE clam chowder were tasty yet not temperature hot like a soup should be. Good atmosphere, need to improve on the food.
Awesome food and great beer selections. Very friendly staff and very kid friendly
I would often come to Empire for drinks in the evening or for the Sunday Blues Brunch. I really enjoyed the beers here. My favorites were Deep Purple, Critz's Apple Ale, and the Blueberry Wheat (ok, so I like fruity beers). For food I enjoyed the blue cornbread, and was originally turned on to sweet potato fries after eating them here. Every time I came for brunch I'd get the Little Einstein as an appetizer (came with two french toast sticks, scrambled eggs, and bacon). Yes, it was the kid's meal, but the portions were perfect brunch appetizer portions for two. We also modified the order so we got extra french toast sticks instead of the scrambled eggs (eggs so-so, french toast sticks delicious). Our servers never had a problem with accommodating the request. As a creature of habit, I tried so very hard to break out of it and explore other brunch items, but I found myself getting the belgian waffle every time. Don't get me wrong, it's tasty enough to order every time and be satisfied, but it wasn't mind-blowing. I'm just a big fan of eating waffles for breakfast and am hard not to please when it comes to waffles. My boyfriend would always say he'd get the waffle, but would inevitably try a new item on the brunch menu. I got to taste everything else that way, while still getting my waffle on. I've also had the Blues Brunch coffee, which I found a little too strong on the liqueur side for my taste. I was looking for coffee with a hint of liqueur, not a liqueur with a hint of coffee. Minor issue though. I liked the atmosphere of Empire, and never really had bad service experiences like others yelping have had (I guess I was just lucky?) but I did find that some bartenders were more welcoming, friendly and attentive than others. I'm definitely coming back for a Blues Brunch if I find myself in the Syracuse area again in the future. I'll get over the fact that they got rid of the Little Einstein and instead have the "Scooby Doo" now, as long as they're willing to give me the french toast sticks again. :)
Service is great! The bar is very educated on the beer and very helpful with menu item selection. The first time I visited this location I had the tumbleweed Burger. This Burger was amazing. BBQ and fried onions ftw. The second time I came with my bro in law from out of town. We decided to get tumbleweed with elk. Recommended by the bartender. I asked for medium rare and it came out well done. Naturally it was very dry. We also ordered various apps. Truffle fries were amazing. There were truffle flavor in every bite. We also had soup and calamari. It was not memorable. I still recommend this establishment for ots vase beer selection and friendly staff.
Three words: Sweet....potato....fries. Oh Lord, have some. I've tried about seven different dishes at Empire and have yet to eat something that wasn't yummy. The food is consistent, the service is great, and the prices are reasonable. The bartenders are extremely helpful if you can't figure out which beer to choose from the extensive selection, so try one and feel free to pass if it doesn't do anything for you. All in all, a solid pick if you need a spot to hang out in the nightlife desert that is Syracuse.
Not a bad place at all! Went here with a small group of my colleagues while conferencing at OCC. The only drink I had was a White Russian but it may be one of the best I've had - & I'm far from an expert on the "Caucasian" as The Dude would call them! But, w/my stomach acting strangely that night, I didn't get a chance to try any of their home brews. I'll have to make another attempt sometime in the future. However, I can vouch for prompt & courteous service & a great atmosphere. Loud, but homey.
I like Empire. For a bar in Downtown cuse it is very clean. There's a small stage for live music.  There's a booth area with cocktail waitresses for a more quit atmosphere if desired.  VERY good micro brews.  Defiantly worth checking out!
Dinner at this famous micro-brewery lived up well to expectations. The Beer Fried Haddock was fresh and cooked to right temperature. The Skinny Ale hit the spot after the long ride to the north country. Armory Square was abuzz in anticipation of The Orange having a big game coming up ( oh well, get 'em next year Jimmie B)!
The most perfect place for dinner. All local ingredients and great service. Ever bite was a full body sensation for me. I had the tilapia almandine, my sister tried the mamou platter, and my mother had the special lamburger. EVERYTHING WAS AWESOME. Their house-made beers are all different and delicious. It doesn't get any better than this!
Nice restaurant with a great selection of food and self brewed beer. The downside is that you can't gate a table unless you eat. For beer only, you need to sit at the bar. And it's too loud. Just too loud.
Food portions were very good.  Ambiance was good.  Steak was a little dry.  Staff and clientele were a little questionable.  I'd say three star portions, three star ambiance, and three star beer
Food was excellent, and the beer selection unique!
First of all the service was good. I really liked the look and feel of the space. We were seated right away but it was a Monday. Food was ready quickly. The Calamari was very good not chewy at all. My husband and I both had a lobster bisque which was delicious. I had chicken fajitas which were quite good very tender and moist. My only complaint with that would have been that the guacamole they served with it was bland but it was free. The one other thing that was kind of an issue was the fact that they seemed to be out of a lot of things and it was only 630pm on Monday night entrees and desserts alike.  We ordered chocolate lava cake for dessert and it was very tasty and came out quickly.  My husband also enjoyed the hand crafted beers.  Overall this was a great place and we would love to go again.
Good as a bar, poor as a restaurant.
I visited Empire while on vacation in Syracuse.  I found it to be a very fun place to grab beers with your friends! Awesome decor, great beer selections & decent prices!
Unique (and delicious) menu. Distinctive brewery atmosphere (you feel like you're seeing historic Syracuse). Their beer is pretty tasty too.
Love the atmosphere! Live music & brewed beer. Stopped in for brunch & enjoyed the food.
Egg nogg flavored iced-cream on the warm apple pie.   'Nuff said.
One of a favorite places for lunch downtown. And yes, the tumbleweed burger is really good !
I love Empire, they brew their own here, and always have a great selection. The food is pretty good here too, I would reccommend getting a burger here, they have veggie burgers too! Garlic mashed potatoes are a must side dish! You really can't go wrong with their menu except for the Jambalaya, not bad but not good. Nice atmosphere, friendly people, one of my mainstays.
Great Food. Great Beer!  I hate to use the term "Brew Pub" but that's what it is.  Just a real nice one.  Great food using fresh local ingredients from local farmers.  If you like great food and supporting local, and great beer.  Empire is your place!
I must admit that at first I was underwhelmed. There were too many options for entrance into the place. I followed someone downstairs and found that was where I needed to be. Kim, my bartender, was, at first, unhappy seeming. She warmed up over time. The beer taster platter was a little on the expensive side - $10 for 6 6 ounce pours. Ok, not terrible. The menu looked good, though again  little more expensive than I was expecting. I will come back again! I just met the brewer, Tim. And complemented him on the Maple Porter! Yum! One of the coolest things about the place is the focus on green and local. All the energy they use is NYS renewable. And they source a lot of their ingredients locally! Go them!
Best beers in Syracuse, hands down (love their Cream Ale and Empire Pale made w/ local hops). Food is very good when they're on top of their game (which is 75% of the time), but service is disappointing most of the time. Never again on a Sunday night.
Great burger.  Rests inside a fluffy bun.  Try the cream ale.  Pours like a Guinness, but it's light and sweet.  Hits the spot!
For all the hype, I'm always disappointed.  Service was prompt and polite, no complaints there at all and typically that is what irks me about places.  Sadly, it has been the food that I dislike there.  Recently went and the Lobster Bisque had enough salt in it that it overwhelmed any other taste and came out luke warm on a 40 degree night where a hot bowl of soup would have been great.  Salad was wilted and cherry tomatoes wrinkled.  Gumbo was warm, but weak, weak in flavor.  One of the more expensive places to get drinks in Armory and micro brews, a supposed specialty, are OK.
Downtown Brown. Catfish Burrito. Elk burger. Fajitas. Blue Corn bread. Jumbalya. Bangin Brunch.
So I'll start off by saying I have been here several times and I've only had one less than stellar experience, so based on consistency alone this place definitely deserves at least four stars. To start off the beer! Now if you aren't a fan of beer Empire has other great drinks my friends all enjoy the antioxidant martini, its a bit sweet for my taste but the bartenders are all very knowledgeable and can mix a pretty damned good drink. I suggest as other's have said in their reviews starting off with the beer "sampler".  In my own humble opinion their beer surpasses both middle ages and suds but I guess that's a matter of taste! The nightlife is pretty fun, some nights better than others they always seem to have live music and the crowd is okay. I would recommend for a night out with friends that you actually want to have a conversation with. The food. They have changed their menu so no longer offer chicken nacho's which was one of my favorites but as other's have stated tumbleweed burger is fantastic, please order it medium! They always have cooked it to perfection. I love the greek platter, their sides are good the only thing I have tried that I didn't like was the truffle fries. Sunday blues brunch is a must for a wintry Sunday Syracuse morning. Bloody Mary's are great I've had the Baltimore Burger which I split with a friend because it's a bit heavy for me that early but it was very good, I don't know many people that would order granola for breakfast but it's also great! To summarize a very wordy review check out empire with a few friends for dinner or drinks and an appetizer to start off a night downtown. It's a fairly diverse crowd, the beer is excellent, the food is great and the service has always been phenomenal. Side note- I hate being rushed out of a restaurant while having food and drinks with a group of friends, while I personally think its a bit rude to linger at a table during busy dinner hours I have never once been made to feel rushed. If you prefer your food immediately and want to leave quickly just get your servers attention and maybe try to come either late night or for lunch.
Pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere - great vibe, works for casual or business dinning! Good eats, good brews... good place!
Great place to eat and the beer is well worth it on its own
I probably would have given this place four stars, if the service were better.  The food was good, especially enjoyed the calamari.  One suggestion I'd have for management: put your "Beer Sampler" on the menu.  Our server failed to mention they offered a sampler, only found out because another table ordered one, but by that time we had already paid our tab.  We'll be back.
I had a local elk burger, and the beer brewed with lavender and ginger.  They both were awesome.  I had red beans and rice on the side which was also very good.  The food is definitely "bar" food, so don't go in expecting a refined culinary menu.  But definitely a good place to get food.
Ok so I am giving this 4 stars purely on the fact that I've only been here once. But my one trip was phenomenal. great food, great beer, friendly waitress. it was crowded and we did wait for a table but the bar had open space, and the bartender was very friendly. got to try some very unique beers. when we did get to the table we went all out, appetizers, main course, and dessert. and everything was awesome! definitely plan on going here again as soon as possible!
Excellent brunch, and they secretly open at 11 on the weekends.  Try the Baltimore Burger.  Very nice manager!
Great place for some great value food - low price, high quality.  Sweet potato fries are the best I've ever had and the tumbleweed burger is so good it's tough for me to force myself to order anything else.  Huge dining area typically makes reservations unnecessary and the wait staff has been nothing but nice and fast for me. Of course the main focus is the in-store brewed beer which is pretty great but the beer menu seems to have little turn over.  Ignore the beer menus they hand you which never seem to be accurate and make your choices off of the chalkboard menus on the walls instead.  Downtown Brown seems to be their flagship brew, always on tap, and is a great backup if nothing else appeals to you.
Amazing Brunch! Come here for the Sunday blues brunch. You will not be disappointed. I have found the house beers to be hit or miss. They will let you try them if you go up to the bar. Try one or two to figure out what's right for you. I highly recommend the White Afro!
Amazing beer and amazing food. The burgers are great. Poutine is unique in Syracuse. Great food specials too. The service can be very slow though, especially during lunch.
I took my family to Empire Brewing the other night. I ordered the Lobster Bisque which was good, I would have given it a 4/5. I ordered for my main course the calamari, and it was the worst I have ever had in my life. It was disgustingly undercooked and raw. Surprised I didn't get food poisoning from how poorly it was prepared. Even after I told them about this it was not deducted from my bill, you can guarantee that I will not be coming back to this place and I would never recommend it, unless your willing to take a chance on uncooked seafood, also the dipping sauce was subpar at best as well.
Not bad, not great. The food options for vegetarians is quite varied. I had the Moroccan chili as a platter. Could use more heat though. The white aphro was awesome. Service was attentive and not overbearing.
My boyfriend and I were doing work around Syracuse, and we decided to go here for dinner. I'm a huge fan of craft brews, and I always love trying new things. I was pretty impressed with the beers - I had a full pint of the White Aphro, which is a Belgian Wit beer brewed with citrus and lavender. I'm not normally a fan of fruit/spiced beers, but this was very well done. The lavender came through on the finish, and the citrus flavor was delicate and well balanced. The bf had the Live and Let Rye - a very balanced RIPA, with plenty of hop flavors without being overly bitter. As far as food goes - we were very, very happy with our choices. I ordered the elk burger, which was tender, flavorful, and awesome. He had the Big Mamou plate, which came with pasta nola, jambalaya, gumbo, and blue corn bread. His only complaint was that cornbread was a little dry. To finish up the night, we ordered the sampling flight - four of the 'core' beers (the Amber - a decent amber; Black Magic Stout - a chocolaty and yet light irish dry stout; the Empire Pale Ale - a little less hoppy than I normally like, but since it wasn't an IPA, I'll let it slide; and the Skinny Atlas - nominally a kolsch, but a little tooooo light to be considered as such), and then two seasonals (the Empire Strikes Bock and the Maple Porter - watch out! The porter is quite potent!). We had a great time, and I'm sure that if we were in the area for longer, we would definitely return!!!
Very good bar food.  Fine selection of home-brews.  Just be prepared to be hassled for spare change from the street folk when you leave this joint.
Went to EBC for lunch yesterday for the first time.  After reading about it on Trip Advisor, we thought we'd give it a try.  It is located in the subterranean locale in the Armory Square area of Syracuse.  They had a live jazz band and served a Blues Brunch Menu until 2pm or so.  We had the chips and salsa ($4) for an appetizer, the Blueberry Wheat beer, the Tumbleweed Burger ($9) with a side of red beans and rice, and a steak burrito with cheese, potatoes (inside), moca heti, with a side of red beans and rice ($14). The steak burrito (currently not on the brunch menu on their website) was decent.  I cannot eat eggs...so I think that's where more of the flavor may have come from.  I had to use the Texas Pete Jalapeno sauce to spice up the burrito some.  The red beans and rice were pretty good.  The red beans were a little bit sweet which was strange and good at the same time.  The chips and salsa were so so.  The salsa is made fresh, but seemed that some ingredients (like onion) stood out more so which over-powered the overall flavor.  The tumbleweed burger was quite good, so I may have picked the wrong thing.  The server was nice and knowledgeable of the beer selection and minor things such as what moca heti was (seems to be their made-up word for guacamole, sour cream, tomatoes, and lettuce).  The scene had good decor as it was kind of 1950's bomb shelterish with red bricks and an industrial feel.  However, the music resonated off the walls and was very loud even after we requested to be as far away from the music as possible.  Maybe not the best place for a post-hangover meal.  Parking is a bit dicey as there is only street parking (which you have to pay for - WTF!?).  Overall, I would go back, but probably not during brunch on a Sunday.  There were some other items I would have liked to have had the option to choose from.  The blueberry wheat was good and had been put back into rotation as it was popular this past Summer.  A brewing restaurant should have good beer and with that respect they lived up to my expectations.
Much ado about nothing.   Really not worth the wait.
Stopped here for dinner on way to Ottawa after seeing it on Triple D. Exceeded its billing and our expectations. Outstanding service, great atmosphere.  Sweet potato waffle chips with slightly spicy ketchup and soft pretzels with homemade mustard were great, as were the Sweet Fire and the nacho fondue. Both so unique and fresh and filling. The clam chowder was also perfect. Great place for families and dates. Oh I didn't mention the beer. Awesome and equally unique. Rye-PA and Belgian with lavender and ginger. Just go!
Came here after seeing on Diners Drive Ins and Dives. Had the Blues Brunch and it was amazing! Do yourself a favor and get the waffles. I had to stop myself from eating them. I also had tastes of the creole huevos rancheros and the wilburger which were both amazing. The staff was extremely nice. It's a great atmosphere and if I lived there I would try everything on the menu. Sad we didn't get a chance to try the beer.
I am rating this place only on the restaurant side of the brewery.  Their beer is great and the atmosphere is very cool. Now onto the eating side... Service is slow and they are too big for their britches when it comes to the menu. Ordered the 13 dollar quesadillas. Ok 13 bucks, if they are impressive I will have no complaints about the price. They are in the center of a city they need to pay rent, I understand, but they probably will be great. Well think of a chicken cheese steak in between tortilla shells. They were average.  Could have grabbed them for 6 bucks at any bar around. My wife did enjoy her tuna wrap which was 9 dollars.  And like I said service was extremely slow and the place was not busy. My final thoughts on this place is... The food does not match the atmosphere. Atmosphere would be a 9, food is a 6.
Meh.  Not a big fan.  I might return for the beer (which was fine), but not the food (which was just okay--nothing special).
A good go-to place for beer and meals.  I like the beer more than the food, but I like supporting Armory Square and these guys do try to use local produce.  If you want bluesy brunch, make sure you are at the door at 11:30 because it gets crowded fast!  I think I'm hard on the food because the food quality is hit or miss.  My burgers have always been good.  But sometimes it feels there may be a lack of quality control - sometimes the sides are off (soggy fries, flavorless salad/slaw) or my waffle has been served cold and dry.
I usually enjoy going to Empire and had always enjoyed the bar, food and service. My last visit was something totally different. We walked in and had half our party with us as other two were on their way. The hostess explained we could not be seated until the other two had arrived, understandable. They put our name first on a list and handed us a pager. Our guests arrived and we went back to the hostess table to say we were all here and ready to be seated. The head hostess then proceeded to seat the next three parties that walked in and ignored us as we waited to be seated. The manager proceeded to come over and argue with me over their seating policy. That was not what we were upset with. We got there a half hour prior and had our name on a list while three parties were seated first and we were ignored. We then were seated, no silverware. The head hostess walked by our table and gave us a dirty look. Apps came out with no plates, and one of our guest had a burger come out rare when ordered medium. Tables available at the front of the restaurant were supposedly going to be put together for a large party but were still empty when we left. Usually we order several drinks and never leave a restaurant without a significant bill. They lost a great deal of business from us and this experience will keep me from there in the future. Most of their typical staff was not working this night, unsure why??? They should probably bring those people back.
Definitely a safe bet, and beyond. I've been here about a dozen times and am rarely let down and usually impressed. The food is good and the menu evolves without losing the good stuff. Came here a week ago on a Friday night and there was a 10min wait (pretty common), There had been a fire alarm and everyone had to evacuate (it wasn't Empire's fault, but someone else in the building they share). Still, they re-heated everyone's food and comped it.
Ok so this was the first decent restaurant I've been to in Upstate NY. Its unique, had a lot of vegan/vegetarian options, and I was pretty happy. My husband loved their beer and although it was noisy and super crowded with lots of happy university students partying it up, it was a nice change from the other restaurants I'd been to in the area. My hubby had their steak special which he thinks was elk due to its super gamey flavor. (He didn't check the details when he ordered). He hate every bit of it, and said it was great. I had the mediterranean salad which was pretty good, with a generous amount of sun dried tomatoes, and the tofu mushroom fajitas. The fajitas were delicious, but very sparsely dotted with tofu and mushrooms, and 90% of it was bell peppers and onions. If they had added a lot more tofu and mushrooms, it would have been great. So, all in all a good place to eat. I would go again, but bring 7 more friends so that you can reserve and not have to wait forever to get seated and waited on. Speaking of that, service was ok, but more on the slow side for our table. The bar was super fast service. If I came with a small group I would eat at the bar if it wasn't too crowded so that we could get great service.
I went with a group of colleagues last night to celebrate an event we are doing. We overall enjoyed the food but found that the ambience was insanely loud. We found it difficult to enjoy conversations with each other because it because progressively louder during our time there. As a group we tried the Nachos Fondue. We should have ordered two, this was a big hit. I had the Big Mamou- a sampler of all the New Orleans style fair.  Way tasty. Great variety, and so much food I probably shouldn't have eaten the whole thing but if you judge me I'll come for you. My friends tried the various burgers- the Tumbleweed, the Kobe Beef, and a few others, with both regular and sweet potato fries. The sweet potato fries were a really good size.  Our other guest enjoyed the Jambalaya, and she like myself polished off the whole thing.  Our only comment was that the Blue Corn Bread was more like a Blue corn "Brick" and while we enjoyed the taste, it wouldn't have been nearly as edible without the butter. In terms of service, it improved as the night went on- we were initially waiting quite a long time to get the drinks for our table, and then had an even longer wait to order all of our food, but once the food came out our waitress was exceptional at keeping the drinks refilled.
First off finding parking can be a bit tricky in this area of Syracuse but if you are a 315 local, you'll usually know a few spots that work well. This place is a bit small and normally that wouldn't be a problem but when they have live music, you are not going to be able to hold a conversation whatsoever with the people at your table. Now both of these things aren't bad per se, just something to be conscious of before going and do not let these two things deter you as this place is amazing. The service here was phenomenal and I love the atmosphere of this place. Get the farmstand chili and blue corn cornbread as your starter when you show up as these two items together just are amazing. I got the Spicy Pig Burger for my sandwich and it was amazing. It was actually spicy which I loved, too many people say that an item is "spicy" or "Chipotle" and they don't deliver the punch I want. It wasn't too much punch but just enough to satisfy. The burger was really juicy and had a lot of flavor though it was a pork burger topped with bacon so you really can't go wrong. The fresh lettuce and tomato were crisp and delicious and the bun was great. It could've been a little bigger to fit the burger but it was still great! Nice and fluffy with a good bread flavor. The fries were spot on as well, perfectly seasoned and crisp and paired perfectly with the burger. Overall this place was amazing and I cannot wait to go back. We stopped in the other night and the wait was an hour so we hit the Dino instead which didn't have a wait for the first time in ever but we would've chosen this place over the Dino should be had not had to wait as long that's how good this place is. Anyways definitely hit this place up in Syracuse, you won't regret it, it certainly has become one of my go to places now.
After the Hall of Fame induction on Sunday, in Cooperstown, we returned to Syracuse and looked for a place to have a beer and a burger or something similar.  We drove to Empire Brewing so we could have a local brew. My luck as always, after studying the beer list and making a selection, is that they are out of that particular beer.  In this case, they were out of the stout that I chose.  Never mind, I had their IPA; fairly bitter, lacking the aromatics I would like, just bitter.  Ms T is the IPA expert and we agreed it lacked depth, maybe 2-1/2 stars given the style. Ms T, Andrew T and I shared a soft pretzel as an appetizer.  It was good, the cheese sauce was boring, kind of flat. I started with Moroccan Chili.  This was all veg.  It was OK, with some tartness which was good, but spices were lacking. I did however have a very good burger.  It was the Bentley, served medium rare, very juicy and flavorful.  This seems like a picky complaint, but it was slapped together haphazardly, like fast food burgers that get thrown in a sack.  They don't have to be this way when served on a plate.  The meat was off to one side, the mayo was all on the other side.  I had to re-construct it.  The bun was really pretty bad, cold, half smashed, dense and gooey, but still, this was still a good burger because a great patty saved it.  I really don't think I did anything to annoy the server, maybe they dropped the burger once or twice.   Andrew and Ms T had the Tumbleweed Burger and a Cheddar Burger respectively and also felt that Empire does put out a good patty. I had a side of Java Slaw, which was unusual with a good soy based dressing, some fish sauce.  It seemed very Thai influenced.  I have been to Java, just don't remember the food all that much to know if this is named accurately.  I liked this slaw other than it was over-seasoned with ground cumin. Empire is worth a return if you want a decent burger with your kraft brew.
I wish I could say that service is consistently good but it's not, and I'm so done with the service roulette we play at each visit. Will the server be inexperienced and awkward? Angry and dismissive? Aloof and absent? Or stable and satisfactory? Empire, yours is the most bipolar service I've ever encountered. It really does skew the whole experience and no matter how good the food, it's always mentioned as a reason not to choose you. I don't chew chew choose you anymore :(
Take a couple of MBAs, add a warehouse basement with some exposed bluestone walls, some OK craft beers, and a menu replete with packaged sauces a la New Orleans, and voila! Largely inedible and reflective of the ongoing corporatisation of American life. Where is the commitment to excellence?
Paleo approved!  Found this place while I was looking on Yelp for breweries. Parking was a bit of an issue but once I found a spot and went down the stairs to Empire, I was a bit impressed at he location, decor and size.  Started with a Wit.  Good flavor.  For an app, I ordered the farmstead chili in bowl size. Good size for an app. I noticed the person next to me ordered the cup and it was tiny so right away good choice. Very good chili with locally sourced meat. Great heat as well. Moved to the Stout for my second beer. The stout was thick and foamy. A ton of chocolate and coffee flavors. Very good!  So, I ordered dinner, Elk burger with sweet potato fries. Burger was good. Fries were good. Nothing spectacular.. On a side note, not many single ladies. This more of a heterosexual male hangout. Not to stereotype it at all, just observation.
We stumbled in here after find dinosaur bb-q was packed to the gills. We were literally just passing through Syracuse, so we didn't really have any kind of plans other than "hey, isn't dinosaur bbq in Syracuse?" We found Empire here on yelp and decided to give it a try. This place was pretty busy, but we were able to get a table right away. Everything was very good. I would get a bowl of chili next time, based on the chili nachos. The big mamou sampler was great, and included the second best gumbo I've ever had (Kentucky Greg's in Buffalo being the best) and a great shrimp mac and cheese thing. If I could, I would just get the chili and gumbo next time because they were both great. Our burgers were cooked perfectly to order (seriously, these were text book medium rare). The pretzel app. was passable and was the only down note of the meal. We tried a few different beers, and all were good. The Belgian, though, was great. This beer could easily go toe to toe with anything I've had from Belgium.
I need to quit going anywhere with my parents, since every place they go is always out of stuff. One being a couple of beers that I didn't order...which doesn't really faze me too much. That said, this was a pure Yelp find - and a good one. We wanted poutine - but they were "out". I presume they were out of the broth or the curds, since it's not just shredded cheese that goes on these. So we subbed in the soft pretzels, which were sprinkled with the same seasoning you'd find on an everything bagel. I'm usually not one to love the onion and garlic, but they were good on the pretzels, and great with the cheese sauce provided along side. For dinner, I had the burger, which was one of the better burger patties I've had in a while. Actual charcoal grill flavor, good beef flavor, and good french fried onion straws on top. Pretty tasty burger, I must say. It's not the biggest menu, but it looks like pretty straight ahead pub food. You'll have to ask someone else how the beer is, but if it's good, I would say this is a solid spot for a pint and a decent meal.
Absolutely a must visit place in the Cuse. I've been here way too many times to count and every single time have been thoroughly pleased with the experience. The White Aphro is always my go to beer. For food, I always try to have something new every time. My favorites thus far have probably been the Pork Burger and the Bib Mamou sampler. The food is very fresh and flavorful, and definitely unlike any other restaurant in the Syracuse area. Service has always been pleasant. Sunday brunches are always a good time as well and they sure do make a killer bloody Mary - those pickled green beans are delicious! I have taken so many visitors to this place and I've never heard a negative comment from anyone, it's always been a highly enjoyable time! Glad to see Empire is still doing great things! Hope to be able to buy the beer down here in Philly in the future. (Oh and major bonus points for the decor, especially the metal farm animals hanging from the ceiling)
I don't go here often enough. The food here is always good. All the ingredients for their food are sourced locally, if at all possible. The beer selection is great. The waitstaff is always very knowledgeable about the different microbrews and can make great recommendations based on your particular level of knowledge about beers in general. They have a number of different seasonal beers, so you have the opportunity to try something new during different parts of the year. Cool place to get a good meal and try a bunch of good beers.
Had a really nice lunch here while taking my sister up to school. They have live music it seems for Sunday lunch which was cool. Good beer selection and an awesome menu. Blue corn bread was good, nothing great. I had the tumbleweed burger with sweet potato fries which was really good. Family had meatball and the sausage po boy which were enjoyed. Fish tacos not so much. Overall, solid four stars here, not over priced either.
Allegedly vegan-friendly options, but some items labeled on the menu as vegetarian include fish (Tuscan bean dip). So proceed carefully and ask lots of questions. Great beer and nice atmosphere. Friendly (mostly) waitstaff. Location makes it a perfect place to meet up for a date or grab a beer and a bite before other evening plans.
I don't care for the beers,  but overall a nice place with good food.  However,  their poutine is poorly made with steak frites and some melted cheddar cheese, not curds. This close to Canada, it should be done better. The other dishes were enjoyed and solid place overall, just disappointed with the poutine.
Came here last year when in town on biz and its good but service was horrible. Took them 15 mins to take my order.  Went back this year and sat at the table for 15 mins with no acknowledgement.  I just got up and left. I planned on bringing clients here the next day for happy hour but there are other options in the area.
Last leg of our DDD food-cation and we were not disappointed. Truffle fries were the tastiest fries I ever had and the blue corn bread with maple butter melted in your mouth.  Tumbleweed burger was the order of the day and it was outstanding.  Will definitely be back again!
Imbibed "not" at brewing company tonight.  Should have followed bad service reviews by other Yelper's.  Extremely comical but sad review.  Came in to get a beer and dinner.  Upon sitting at bar took a while to get bartenders attention but when he noticed me at his 2/3 empty bar I quickly took opportunity to order a beer and get menu.  Beer was poured half way due to nitrogen foam and then bartender disappeared to talk with some hotties at other end of bar.  Beer sat there staring at me half full for 10 minutes.  When bartender realized he had forgotten about the beer he about fell down trying to recover without indicating his lack attention and without apology.  I had his attention again and quickly ordered a burger. Unfortunately I finished my beer and again went into a holding pattern.  I could see into kitchen and noticed my burger sitting in waiter station for about 10 minutes - cooks kept gazing out to see if a waiter was going to pick up the burger with no avail.  I decided to go pick up the order while two other waitresses and the manager watched me.  Assumed they would bring silverware being a bit embarrassed bit no, non responsive to situation they were observing until I got up walked back toward kitchen and made a smart ass comment " could I get some silverware and a napkin".  I must have been asking too much. Well, ate my food and guess what happened, went into another waiting pattern.  After finishing meal I had to interrupt bartender who had walked past my empty beer at least three times, never asking about the food or if I would like another beer.  I asked for check, tipped bartender $1 for beer. Good news was since I served myself so assumed I was entitled to food tip since I Steve's myself. Topping the night off was conversation with the manager on my exit. I thought I'd share the experience in a kind fashion however I should have gathered from the experience, service was not part of the training nor job responsibility - no apology, excuse or remedy was offered.  Good luck to the owner hoping to make a buck and sorry I never reviewed your food. Service was so poor I guess I could say - who knows?
Great dinner here last Saturday night, group of six, no reservation needed at 6:30 PM Highly recommend: - Empire Brewing Company's summer special pale ale brew (very refreshing) - truffle fries (could use more truffle oil) - Big Mamou with jambalaya, big easy gumbo, shrimp nola, and blue corn bread (kind of like a sampler plate, and big enough to share for two) - Roasted Pasta Siena (with chicken)
The tumbleweed burger and chili were the two items that standout in my mind.  All the food was delicious and the kids' menu was really great!  I wish I'd written down the names of the beers we tried at the table as they were very tasty.  We were passing through Syracuse on our way to Lake George and if I'm ever in town again, I will definitely make another stop.
I had the Kobe burger and sweet potato fries. Not super great about allergy accommodation, but the sweet potato fries were some of the best I've had. Burger was nice and tender and juicy. Friendly waitstaff, and my friend got the orange cream soda and said it was quite good.
When in an Empire State of mind, but you are stuck in Syracuse, nothing gets you there faster than Empire Brewing! Located beneath a building, with an entrance resembling a daring entrance into a NY subway, this brewery opens up into a fun place for a good night with friends. They have a fairly large menu for both eats and brews. I had samples of a few recommendations. The tasting: I had an Apricot Ale, which was very champagne like. The Liv and Let Rye IPA Is a sad attempt in name to be like the better Live Free or Die IPA from 21st Amendment brewing in San Francisco. It was a great beer though. The Stout was smokey and smooth, the Pale Ale good, and the White Afro refreshing! The food was complimentary of the brews, which is all you can ask of a brewery. All in all, I'm all for one here!
Do yourself a favor and eat the Spicy Pig Burger.
Great food and drink, with a "buy local" flair, they brew their own beer and there are some tables by the window of the brewing room. The gluten free options are noted right on the menu, I had the Philly Turkey Poboy which they kindly put on a gluten free bun (yummy, but picked off the squishy canned peppers) and some sort of tasty berry ale.   Cool atmosphere, below street level (think "Cheers"), my only negative is that we experienced less than friendly service. Even so, this will be our go-to spot when traveling through Syracuse!
Always a fan of coming to Empire, I've been here dozens of times over the years... I wish there was still one in Rochester.  I don't really drink beer, but everyone else says the beer is amazing, but I really come here for the food and atmosphere.  The food is as local as it can be and always packs heavy flavor... the specials for the day are always worth a try.  They used to have an awesome poutine, but sadly they don't anymore.  Personal favorites are the elk burger, the cajun pasta, and anything with their andouille sausage in it.  The vibe of the place is always really bumping too, especially before a 'Cuse game.  The Sunday Blues Brunch is also a highlight, great food and solid music.   I would certainly recommend a stop here, and stop almost every time I'm in Syracuse.  One tip... the seats near the front of the restaurant can be really chilly in the winter with the door opening all the time.
Exactly what we were looking for!  In town for the holidays, and wanted a local hangout  to grab a beer with friends. EB has an authentic feel, and their micro brewed sampler flight was well varied and excellent. No duds. The staff was friendly and accommodating, and the service was prompt. We didn't have any food, so I can't comment or rate that. But this is the place to go in Syracuse to get a wide choice of home brews, in a setting that makes relaxing with friends memorable.
While in college, I wasn't a vegeterian and I was on a hunt for a good burger in Syracuse. At the time, the tumbleweed burger was my once-a-month guilty pleasure. Once the fall and winter season rolled in, I would warm myself up with Empire's mulled wine (which they garnish with a cinnanon stick and is amazing!) Empire was always my favorite place to go to downtown if I was with a crowd who enjoyed beer over any other beverage. Having visited this brewing company 15+ times, I can honestly say I have never had a bad experience here. I can't bring myself to give this place more stars only because I know it hasn't reached it's full potential and the staff on Sat-Sun roster could be much more enthusiastic. I also feel that the food could be a bit more seasoned, but in general I have respect for their local initiave which is why their one of the very few places I'll rate in the city of Syracuse.
TL;DR: Terrible service, fair but overpriced food. The last time I encountered service this bad, it was part of the schtick you see at Dinosaur, where the servers are (or were, I suppose) deliberately mean to add to the overall ambiance.  We arrived as a group with reservations for lunch, and were placed right next to the kitchen, where we had to shout to be heard over the cooks' banter.   After waiting for about 10 minutes, a young waiter shows up and is incredibly rude.  He has zero personality, doesn't apologize for the wait, and takes our order.  We (pretty much) all order waters...he delivers it by slamming stacks of glasses that are stuck together in the middle of the table next to carafes of water without any ice.  A couple folks asked for sodas with lemon; he forgets who ordered what, as well as the lemon.  Again, everything is slammed on the table.  The wait for food was long, particularly because the restaurant was nearly empty - which is very different from other times I've been in there, and perhaps indicates something is wrong. When the food arrives, it was mediocre but acceptable.  A salad was missing some items listed on the menu, and the fish in the fish tacos was dry, but not inedible.   The waiter was so laughably abrupt and rude, I can come to no other conclusion than this is something they're deliberately doing.  We might have made mention of it to the manager, but she looked equally miserable.
Overcooked Swiss mushroom burger and fries, didn't enjoy much and it seems that they are focusing make profits off their own homemade beers rather than the whole restaurant business. Their entrance doesn't make it obvious, we climbed up and was told that the restaurant is in the basement so we went outside and found the downstairs. Very odd! Every painting on every wall are about the glass of beer... It gives you the impression that their god is BEER.
Great food! I had Gumbalaya... Its jambalaya with gumbo poured over it and it was terrific. Excellent selection of beer, great atmosphere with good music. My new Syracuse layover spot. Check it out! You won't be disappointed.
Visitor from California. Great ambiance. Great service. Amazing food! Had the flatbread pizza, the lobster bisque, and the white afro. Absolutely delicious! Will be heading back as soon as I start school here!
The tumbleweed burger will blow your mind, and the beer is top notch. Seriously... Get the tumbleweed burger and you will never look at burgers the same.
If you're cruising central and upstate New York visiting breweries, this is a place you must stop. They have a lot of interesting beers and you will probably want to have a ride arranged since some of them are quite strong. We tried two, and they were winners. I would have liked to have had more, but couldn't get service (more on that later). The food here is also quite good. We ordered burgers, which were cooked well and accompanied by delicious fries. I tried the elk burger since I like to branch out from beef when there are options--it was amazing! It's served with local mushrooms which is a really nice touch. The service is a bit dodgy here, which I why I rate three stars instead of four or five. It was not that busy when we were there, but we had a hard time getting attention from our server or anyone else. The employees like to stand around and chat quite a bit--for most of the time we were eating, there were 2-3 people at the host stand chatting, and 3-4 people in a hallway right behind our table. At one point I finished my beer and had my empty glass sitting at the edge of the table in full view of many employees for at least 15 minutes. No one ever came by to get me another beer. Short of waving my hand around in the air and shouting "beer please!" I'm not sure what else I should have done. Maybe have better luck and sit at the bar if you want more than one beer!
I do lunch here once in a blue moon. Bartender is friendly and the food is OK. Armory Square is really lacking in quality food establishments.
Just an all around great place!  Love the food here.  Love coming here for on site brewed beers.  The staff are great.  Locally sourced, fresh ingredients.  Great music.  So lucky to have Empire here.  Cheers
Food was okay. Nothing ro rave about. Service (Josh W) was very attentive. But whoever the bartender was needs to be told that you don't put ORANGES in a margarita.
Good... great... superb! I LOVE this place. We came here with a friend and my 18 month old for the Sunday brunch which featured the music of a live blues band. I was initallity concerned. I hadn't seen my college buddy in a while and wanted to catch up with him. The noise level was perfect and the band was pretty good. Our meals were fantastic. I ordered the breakfast fajitas -- Eggs, andouille sausage, local cheddar cheese, veggies, pico de gallo, sour cream, guacamole and tortillas. So good.  Many of the ingredients in their food are locally sourced -- from the vegetabales to the meat. You can feel good about supporting a local business over a national chain. I also sampled a flight of 6 beers. All were really good. I love how this is a brewpub/gastropub but also kid friendly (kids menu, changing tables in the restrooms).  This is a nice balance of amenities for families while still being a terrific place mom and dad can let loose and enjoy a beer.  It's a good thing that I live far away or we'd be here every night! Stop reading this and go now. Thank me later.
Great beer, fun vibe and in the heart of downtown Syracuse. Delicious burger. If I end up going to school here, I'm sure I'll be visiting this place quiet often!
This place just keeps getting better and better! We've been here for 10 days, and we have already dined at Empire 3 times. The past two times we went here, we ordered two grilled blue cornbread for appetizers. So delicious! The spicy pig burger, and the elk burger (medium) are delicious! I highly recommend these menu items. Also, the Deep Purple brew is tasty. Not as sweet as the waitress led me to believe. The concord grape flavor really shines (I'm a fan). Also tried the Summer Ale and the White Aphro (not a big fan of either). The White Aphro has lavender in it, definitely an acquired taste, just a bit too perfumey (is that a word? Whatever, I'm using it from now on) for my taste.
Been hanging out with Tim (the brewmaster).  Empire has a great depth of beers.  The menu is awesome and the food looks great.  I'm just sampling beers, however.  They support local farmers and experiment with a variety of spices/ingredients.  Each beer has its own unique flavor and they're all worth a try.  If you're in Syracuse and thirsty, you should swing by for great beers and good company.
Was in Syracuse for business.  The place was recommended by local co workers. They were right.  It is a must to visit while in town. Beer was very good.  I even got brave and try one of their test batches. The food was good but was disappointed they were out of elk burger.  Had the Kobe beef burger.  Excellent taste.  I'll try to go back soon.
Really awesome lil spot in Syracuse!  Came by with a bachelorette party 2 weeks ago on a Saturday and found a good little spot at the bar.  All 6 of us got flights of beer, which included 6x 6 ounce beers for $10 which is quite a steal for phenomenal beer.  That's also 36 glasses that we made the bartender fill, and she really wasn't upset about it, which was great.   We also got some munchies- truffle fries were delicious, margarita pizza was pretty amazing, and the hummus plate was HUGE and delicious too.  It was really fun to drink our beers, have a snack, and check this place out. We even got our bride-to-be a cute little Empire Brewing t-shirt.   All in all great stop!  I'll be back here next time I'm in this neck of the woods for sure!!!
Good beer and good service. It's great for a late night stop or for a nice meal. They have really really good vegetarian food! Would defiantly recommend it as a date or gathering spot. Word to the wise-it can get packed at times.
The food here is very good, and we've always had good service in the many times we've eaten here. The main reason they get four stars and not five is that their menu is very static. They always serve the same things, and it would be really nice to see them rotate in a few new items from time to time. Don't get me wrong - their everyday items are great! I just wish they'd change it up a little. If you're still on the fence about coming here, try it during restaurant week. You'll get a good sense of their food, and hopefully you'll love it as much as I do.
The first time I went I had a elk burger. Don't step back by hearing the word "elk". It was juicy and nice(even better than beef). The turkey sandwich is a disaster which I don't recommend at all. However, the pasta, in large plate, is more than satisfactory.
Had a great dinner here; medium-rare elk burger, side salad, sweet potato fries, and a six sample flight. The staff was great and attentive, the food was as locally sourced as possible, and I would buy again every brew I sampled, Atlas to IPA to stout.  This includes the Light Atlas Kölsh...I keep trying kölsh brews to find one I care for.  Found it. Note for the business traveler: Empire is below street level so, look for the covered stairs going down.
Very nice basement brewpub with good beer, food and atmosphere for reasonable prices. Service has always been friendly, and the place is usually crowded. My only gripe is that the beer list they give you at the table is sometimes outdated.
Empire is a great restaurant and bar located right in the heart of downtown Syracuse. The dinner choices are amazing, the blue corn bread is a must have side, and the beers on tap never fail to please! There is really something for everyone on the menu. The waiters are knowledgeable about the wide variety of locally brewed beers and are great at recommending something! If you don't have the time to sit down for a full meal or want to head over to Empire later on the bar has a great vibe, usually fairly busy on the weekends, but the bartenders are attentive and friendly. Check  out their schedule online for live music dates, which usually bring in the biggest crowds.
The feta chicken flatbread wrap is fantastic.  The beer is very very good and I understand that their brewing business is growing at a steady pace.  This should speak for itself.   It can be crowded sometimes, but that's a good sign.  The place is popular because the atmosphere is relaxed, the food is delicious, and the bartenders are attentive.
This place has great food and beer selection.  It also looks really nice.  The staff is very friendly and accommodating.  The only complain is that when the bar is full its somewhat difficult to order at the bar.
I've been to Empire a few times now and each time was a very solid experience! The first time was a bit of a surprise - we were in the area spontaneously after getting back in from an early flight, and we were starving and looking for food. Thankfully, Empire was having their Sunday Blues Brunch! The atmosphere was lively and the music was very good - but extremely loud, since we were seated fairly close. That made it a little tough for conversation, but the food more than made up for it. My husband ordered the breakfast burritos, which came on a sizzling hot plate with spicy sausage, veggies, and slathered in cheese (yum!). The tortillas were on a separate plate along with generous portions of guac, sour cream and pico de gallo to build your burrito as you like. I had huevos rancheros which were also tasty and served a fried tortilla. Service was prompt and friendly. The other times we came were for lunch and I can tell you one thing - the burgers do not disappoint. I remember the Bentley burger fondly, cooked perfectly medium rare with a juicy pink inside and a crackling sear on the outside. The chipotle mayo added just enough kick and with the veggies and cheddar it was really one of the best burgers I'd had in a while. It was so juicy and flavorful that my salivary glands are kicking into high gear just thinking about it! I also tried the Tumbleweed burger, which had a nice bbq taste and also good crunch from the tumbleweed onions (read: fried crispy onions).  However, they didn't cook it quite as well that time - it was more on the medium well side and therefore not as juicy. This might have been because it was a busy lunch time for them. Also, the service took a bit of a hit - we didn't get refills on our water (which 2 out of 3 were empty) until we were ready to pay our bill. Another standout was actually a side dish - the sweet potato fries! They are really delicious, crispy and addictive. I'm definitely ordering these as my side for all my dishes in the future. Other dishes that my husband has tried are the Philly Turkey Po'Boy and the jambalaya, and they were a little hit and miss. He said the po'boy was tasty, but too small of a portion for his manly appetite... and the jambalaya was definitely disappointing. When I think of jambalaya I think of a hearty dish overflowing with chunks of meat and veggies, alive with some spicy Cajun flavor! Here the dish was more rice than anything else, and the pieces of meat were regrettably tiny. Also it wasn't even very flavored rice... Sad. We aren't really beer drinkers so we can't say much on that, although they seemed to have a wide variety on tap for people to enjoy and there is a brewery on the premises (which is very cool!). The whole restaurant has a laidback but hip vibe with the brick walls and warm lighting. Overall I would come back., to try more of the burgers and enjoy their sweet potato fries!
Empire is a great spot for meeting friends in downtown Syracuse. I have been there on the most busy days as well as days when the bar is empty. They do a good job with crowds but there are times when my group has had long waits for food. The food is very good though and I recommend brunch when they have a special menu. Also for a brewing company they have a beer for everyone, from stouts and IPA's to lighter beers. It is a good atmosphere and when not to crowded is a must to experience in Syracuse. It can get loud when busy or when there is a band playing but depending on what up are looking for that might be alright. Definitely recommend this for food and drinks.
This is our favorite place to stop en route to Vermont for skiing every winter.  They are such a classy operation.  They have a great beer and delicious food.  And because they knew we were craft beer enthusiasts, they offered to give us a quick tour after dinner.  Like super quick, but still, how nice of them!  I highly recommend their Big Mamou, allowing you to sample several of their offerings in one sitting.  Wow, just such a cool place!
I thought this place was great! We went around 9:30pm on a Saturday night and we were a large party of 13! They seated us in the back and our server was on point! He never missed a beat, he kept a smile on his face and tended to our many requests. There was good music... a good crowd... the drinks were flowing and the food and dessert were all tasty!
Who knew Syracuse was a hipster haven? Not I, said this fly (girl). Um, anyway... Every other year, K and I travel from Ann Arbor to Vermont for the holidays. This was one of those years. We've learned how to do it like pros (okay, we are travel pros to begin with) and now add a night in a random city along the way. Enter Syracuse. An o,d college friend was called and our request for a brewpub was answered with dinner and beer here. The place is downstairs through a weird patio area that is probably very cool when in use. The space itself is awesome with the entrance leading directly into a large bar area where brews are clearly displayed up high so you can decide on your order and be quick once it's your turn. I liked this considering how busy it was. The people at the bar (lots of apparent regulars) were super nice. I have a theory about this I'll come back to later. It was recommended I try a grape beer. I got a taste. It was awful.  But, I have a particular spectrum of beers I enjoy and could understand a TON of people loving this creative brew. I appreciate a brewpub that doesn't just stick with the standard fare and tries something new and different. Our wait was shorter than anticipated and we were seated by one of a crowd of Syracusian hipsters. She, like the rest of them, was quite snarly. She was nice in that lack of affect (a as in apple not again) hipster way. I guess. Our waiter was equally hip and snarly. And not one to check in. Apparently that's the next wave in waiter protocol. The menu had LOTS of choices from pub grub to more fancy fare. A few mistakes were made on the order but no one felt like asking snarly to fix it and it wasn't like they were major. A side of BBQ sauce missing, etc. the food arrived quickly and ranged in first few bite reviews from, "meh," to, "yeah, that's pretty good!" So, everyone around us was really friendly and here's why according to my theory: While the management has supplied a very hip staff that is definitely very cool, the clientele are not as too cool for school. And since banter and smiles can't be gotten from the waitstaff, patrons look to each other for more smiles and fewer snarls. Just a theory. Food: 4 Beer: 3 Service: 2 I'd definitely try again.
Solid brew pub... Reminds me of Boston Beer Works... Good place to sit down with some friends, have a few beers and eat some good, affordable bar food. I like the unique menu with big game - elk burger, etc
I love Empire. Great atmosphere, great service, great beer. If you want to treat your out of town friends to great beer and food, definitely come here. Plus, if you go here for Syracuse's restaurant week, the three-course prix fixe is so worth it. Even for broke college students.
Wandered in after a 5 hour drive and checking out the University. Did not know what to expect but daughter and I were starved. Friendly staff, great menu, service was great, and food? Hit the mark!  Daughter had black bean burger and I had a bacon cheeseburger, she had thin fries and I had sweet potato fries. Both were great meals and made us very happy and we forgot how cold it was for a few minutes. Would recommend.
Finally re-visited Empire this week - had not been there since they were open in their first incarnation many years ago. I do not drink alcohol thus this review is solely focused on the food.  I dined with a large group and we shared appetizers. Those included  flatbread pizza, chorizo sausage slices in sauce and some "truffle fries."  I really liked the truffle fries - they had the crispiness of very thin french style frites and the right amount of kosher salt had been added. They were described as having truffle oil and Asiago cheese on them. I couldn't discern any of that but they were tasty. The other two apps were just "okay" - not bad but not memorable. I rarely see a Cubano sandwich on local menus and ordered one here but was sorely disappointed. It was not particularly generous in contents, was a bit heavy on the chipotle mayo, the pork was bland and it was served on plain old white deli bread. Yes you read that correctly. it was not served on the style of crusty roll that is ALWAYS used for a proper Cubano (or has been in the dozen or so places where I've eaten them - including the walk-up diner windows in Miami's Little Havana.)  It was grilled in a panini press but the sandwich was a fail. Not in such a way that i could justify sending it back but it was poorly conceived and executed and I expected better.  The side of coleslaw was acceptable - nothing stellar or memorable but not bad. Service was friendly and efficient, the environment was clean and I had good company for dinner - but I cannot give a thumbs up to Empire.
"I'm a locavore" reads the waitress' shirt. This is enough to intrigue me. On a recent visit to Syracuse to see the in-laws, we were looking for a place willing to accommodate a large group, with affordable prices and yummy food. This place met all the criteria - plus they are a brewpub (bonus point number one), plus they use local foods (bonus point number two), plus they had a Sunday Jazz brunch (yet another bonus point). So in went our group of nine ready to eat! We all got different foods - some breakfast, some lunch - and everyone was satisfied. From the gluten free chili to the burgers to the blue cornbread, we had lots of yumminess in which to indulge. The beer was pretty good, not my favorite, but again everyone could find something they liked. The mimosas were served in pint classes(dangerous!) and the jack and cokes were perfectly mixed. Again, we all found some delicious to drink as well. The music was great. We even bought a CD or two. It wasn't overwhelmingly loud so conversation was possible. We will definitely return next time we're in town :)
I went for lunch yesterday with my wife and young daughter. The restaurant is awful. I was a first  time diner and was drawn to the restaurant by all of the positive reviews and a packed dining room. In this case do not follow the massses!!! The entry of the restaurant reeked of cigarette smoke as customers congregated smoking in the enclosure outside of the front door. Service: passable though the server clearly was harried. Food: Bluecorn bread: really really bad. Plain corn breadbmade yesterday pulled out of the fridge, burnt on the edges on a grill with a cool center. Wtf. Fajitas: u know what to expect with fajitas, but these were smothered on the skillet with provolone cheese and onion straws. Its not that it tasted gross, but the additional ingredients turned a normally greasy pleasure into a decadent, unctuous mess. People should not eat this. Greek cobb: it was okay. Kids chicken nuggets and fries. Perhaps the store brand at wegmans is better, but my three year old was quite content with prefrozen nuggets and fries. Drinks: my wife thoroughlly enjoyed her shandy, and the other beer options looked impressive. Perhaps a few drinks would be the way to go. As the food in this smoky, basement dive falls below the level of a chilis or applebees. Syracuse deserves better as a top rated restaurant. This place left me feeling depressed all day. If you are from out if town stay away, if you are local well....
Ever since moving from Syracuse I have realized this is the restaurant I miss the most. They have such a variety of options on the menu... you have to get the blue cornbread with your meal! You can tell that they use a lot of fresh ingredients and they have information about how they get a lot of items locally. The only con is that since the bar is right there it can get really loud and hard to hear if you go for a meal fri or sat night so just keep that in mind. They make their own beer and it is really great quality beer (unlike some other corner breweries on that street ahem lol) Whenever I come back to visit I like to try to stop by here. Lunch is nice for dining because it is not crowded and quiet. It can get pretty crowded on popular nights and wait for a table can be up to 45 min even.
This place thinks it's cool.  The staff thinks they are cool...the beer is just OK.  Every time I go here it's packed with fabulous people having a fabulous time. I think the only reason this place is popular is its proximity to Blue Tusk and the fact that they are one few places open on Sunday.  When we arrived there were dirty tables and tons of dirty glasses everywhere!  We struggled to get a drink, asked 3 times for a menu and finally gave up and went some place else.
Great burgers and eclectic beer selection. Great service as well. Came back again and had a delicious meal. Daughter had the veggie burger which she said was really good. Son had a burger and I had the salmon which was so delicious. Menu has something for everyone.
I received a growler as a gift along with a coupon for a free fill up. Later that week I found myself downtown and decided to stop in to redeem said fill up. What I was met with was a holier than thou bartender who was just too cool to fill up a growler. Now, for a little context this was at about four in the afternoon and the place was maybe 1/5th full with two people at the bar. I realize that if you are busy, sometimes patrons have to wait, but this was not the case. This "bartender" walked around for about five minutes, cashed someone out, took a swing of a soda and then disappeared for another five minutes. Upon her return she looked at me and said "Want that growler filled up honey?" When if formed her yes and that I in fact had a coupon she said "wait one minute" and proceeded to cash another person out, stack some glasses, take a phone call and make a few more dinks for other patrons. After another 10 minutes I finally got my growler. Maybe she's had bad luck with people tipping on these coupons? Well that streak of bad luck continued that day. I won't be returning for another fillup.
Excellent, friendly service.  We are new to area and found the place to be downstairs at the basement.  Cool location.  Super friendly and polite staff. Cory was great!!  The Big Mammou was suggested to us by one of the girls upfront.  It was excellent.   We loved it all, including the blue cornbread. Pretzel was really soft and flavorful, the mustard was great side.  Lobster bisque was memorable. I loved it and I will have every time we visit.  The hummus and grilled pitas was good but I will try something else next time. Cory was always attentive and very helpful while taking our order.  We finished with the Pomegranate Creme Brulee. It was delicious, to die for. The atmosphere was relaxed early in the evening.  We will be back!!
Just took my brother here for his birthday a couple days ago,  so it's time for a review.  This was my third time at Empire Brewing for dinner and drinks, and I've enjoyed myself each time. The beer selection, as the name implies, is impressive.  There are many local brews as well as special seasonal beers that are different each time I come in.  It's a great place for a beer aficianado as there will always be a new brew to try.   We had the hummus for an appetizer, which was wonderful.  They use pita wedges and serve a roasted red pepper hummus.  We also tried their chips and salsa - the salsa was very fresh and seemed to be made in house.   One thing that I like about Empire is that they attempt to use local food products whenever possible.  They list on their menu all of the local farms and sources of their food products used in their menu - very cool. For my dinner entree, I had the nightly special - an andouille sausage quesadilla with creole mustard and some sweet potato fries.  This was a spin off of their andouille sausage sandwich, which is also very good.  The quesadilla was good sized and loaded up with meat and cheese.   You can tell that I highly enjoy the beer and food here - but I want to make mention the service here - which is top notch.  Each time I've been here the wait staff has been knowledgeable about their brews and the varied menu choices.  There was never any sense of rushing even during busy times - which is a nice feeling.   There are a lot of cool places to drink and eat in Armory Square - I would add Empire Brewing to your list of places to visit when you are here.
Got the fried calamari appetizer. Pretty good. Breaking was a bit thick and bland but overall pretty good. My husband got the tumbleweed burger and loved it! I got the shrimp Nola. The flavor was great but they put a minuscule amount of cut up shrimp in there. I feel like the dish was lacking protein and the flavor that more shrimp would have given it. For dessert I got the black Magic sundae. Which was a very poorly constructed sundae because the chocolate syrup was only on the bottom and you had to eat half way through to reach it. Also they forgot the beer nuts and chocolate covered pretzels which is why I got the thing! I've never just left a sundae unfinished at a restaurant before but this time I decided the flavor wasn't good enough to waste the calories.
This restaurant is fantastic!   The soups are great, and the blue corn bread is so unique and flavorful.  The turkey burger here is spectacular and my husband always says great things about their other burgers.   The dishes are imaginative and always have a great twist on old favorites.  Their version of the Greek salad with tabbouleh and sun dried tomatoes is phenomenal! People tell me that beer is good too! (I don't drink beer) Sunday brunch here is great, and they have live music.  I love that they use fresh local ingredients and have great vegetarian and vegan options.  Stay awesome Empire!
I can't comment on the food; but who goes to a brewery for the food? The craft beer is fantastic, the atmosphere is kitschy, and the bartenders are friendly. The choices are not only plentiful, but creative. Have you ever considered mixing Welch's grape juice with a beer? Try Deep Purple. Prefer a crisp, hoppy taste? Go for the Cream Ale. Whatever you try here at Empire, it's sure to keep you interested. I love the NY Subway look; how fun to walk downstairs to a NYC-inspired bar. I'm sure at one point, I'll try the food. And then I'll be back here to comment. Until then, I'll continue to enjoy local craft beer in a fun setting.
I was stoked to see Empire Brewing Company because we used to have one at home in downtown Buffalo...... We ordered the tasting flight - it's not explicitly apparent on the menu, but it exists!! $10 later we were tasting them all. The blueberry beer comes with fresh berries floating. The pale ale and stout received high praise from both of us. The name of the one I liked best escapes me now,  but it was the only one with ginger notes, so that should help a fellow yelper find it. We were with friends and we all got burgers. The Tumbleweed was particularly fantstic with frizzle-friend onions on top. Sides were great too - Java Slaw was an asian play on the old standby. What stood out was the "Small Plate" we ordered as an app - Sweet Potato chips with Sirracha ketchup. Fantasticly crispy and full of flavor. One in our party dined gluten-free and was pleased to see his options clearly marked. The GF burger bun was the most bread-like GF bun I have ever seen and he attested that it was in fact pretty fabulous.
Awesome brews, great creole menu and live music. What's not to like? A top spot in Syracuse for sure.
Most brew pubs focus on the beer with the food being a side issue (although this seems to be changing). Here, the food is an important aspect to the overall restaurant. Their Cajun-themed dishes are shockingly good if a little under-spiced for my taste. An issue easily resolved with Tabasco. Everything else on the menu is good, but just not as stand out. The food arrives hot, but not particularly fast which indicates that it's more made-to-order than waiting under a heat lamp. Since I don't like overly long reviews, I won't delve too deeply into the beer menu except to say that it is extensive, varied, and top-quality. The liquor selection is also much better than at other brew pubs.
We were looking for a good microbrewery/restaurant to visit in Syracuse. Empire seemed like a good place to go. The restaurant is in the bottom level of the building. This gives you the nice brick walls and arches.  We went on a Saturday at 3 pm with a group of 8 and were seated right away. the server was very attentive and took care if us. I got the tumbleweed burger which tasted really good. Their beer was really good. I got a beer called the purple something? Which is a beer with concord grapes added. Very interesting, very good. the only complaints I had were about the time. It took a very long time to get the food out and when it came most of the foot was lukewarm. Also all the burgers were cooked below what we asked. Medium was super pink. Medium well was cooked medium I would definitely recommend this place
The Crawfish NoLa is unbelievable.  I got it as part of the Big Mamua, which also comes with gumbo, jambalaya, and corn bread.  That stuff was all good, and man was there a lot of it, but the crawfish was easily the star. Also, being down in that basement gives Empire an entirely different vibe than the other bars in Armory Square.
I am a big fan of Empire.  The food and beer here has always been great.  My favorite is the Big Mamou which includes three great samples of some of their favorites: jambalaya, big easy gumbo, shrimp nola.  It also comes with three slices of blue corn bread.  Come hungry because this is a big plate.   One thing I was surprised with was that they let us fill a growler at the table and then drink from the growler rather than ordering individual drinks (comes out cheaper but everyone has to want the same beer). They also have live music during their Blues and Brunch Sundays from 11:30-2:30. A must do if in the area.
I hadn't been here since it re-opened.  I was hoping that the "reincarnation" didn't ruin everything I enjoyed about the original. I was very pleasantly surprised.  The beer selection was great and the food maintained the spicy, New Orleans vibe that I remember from the late 90s and early 2000s. The food was good; service was prompt and the beer was delicious!
I don't drink beer due to my allergy to gluten but the food here is really good. They offer a gluten free menu which has good options on it. We ordered the hummus plate as an appetizer one and it was very good. They have a good variety on other adult beverages, very interesting drinks that taste delicious. They have a bar area, that is kind of small and can get congested.
A few years ago, some of my friends decided we should have a classy night out. We got lost in downtown Syracuse for awhile and randomly came here. It wasn't our first choice, but it turned out to be a pleasant experience. The atmosphere is great inside-very modern interior but with tiny peeks of old where the brick walls show through. I was very pleased with the food-surprisingly tasty Mexican food! Good balance of flavors. The beer on tap was also excellent, but I ended up with an IPA I didn't enjoy and that soured my experience a little. The service was ok but they sometimes took a long time to come around. There were a lot of people, so I guess that can slide. Great place to go if you don't want the typical college bar scene!
we were in Syracuse for 1 day. It was one of the hottest days of the summer and while my bf went to take care of some things, i was left to explore the city. Syracuse downtown/shopping area is cute - with an array of restaurants. We ordered two beers - we were both thirsty and appreciated it much. (we ordered summer ales - we originally ordered a grape beer but sent it back b/c we ddnt like it). Elk burger: dry. we ordered medium and the burger was dry. nothing special...just..a regular burger. haha. sweet potato fries ARE good. Bayou burrito: big portions and flavorful. With lots of fish. We saw people eating the Mediterranean platter (with hummus, babakanoush...) looked good.
My review is for food only. Which I was a bit disappointed in. Came here for lunch and ordered a margarita pizza- not too difficult. It was bad. Really bad. The sauce was super acidic- almost like pasta sauce and the dough was not crispy at all. I'm sure the beer is good, and if I drank beer, maybe I'd have something better to say. But really I was so unimpressed with the pizza that I probably would only come back for chips and dip or something.
The food is pretty good. Extra points for local ingredients. I thought it was funny that their food history, as told on the back of the menu, was about New American cuisine when it seemed the menu items all had a Southern flair to them. And with all these Southern touches, they had no mac and cheese. Bummer. But my felafel was yummy. The beer was alright. The MS Paint beer art on the walls is the best though.
This place is pretty good.  Their beers are solid, and the food is solid.  Service is good. The thing is, it's more expensive than everywhere else in Syracuse, and what you're paying for is the somewhat-slick wannabe classy atmosphere, and that doesn't work for me so much.
The food was good. Amazing sweet potato fries (ask for maple syrup with them - my friend somehow knew to do so and it was SUCH a good combination), respectable cheddar & ale soup (but beware that the cup is very tiny), decent dessert selection (although the chocolate lava cake was a bit disappointing, it had a kind of weird taste to it). The atmosphere was nice as well, and it's certainly well-decorated (at least for my tastes). I also like that they make such an effort to buy local. The thing dropping it from four stars to three was the service. I don't know if it was just a bad day (though it didn't appear to be particularly packed) or what, but our server took an absurd amount of time bringing us our food and our checks. He seemed like a nice enough guy, but it took WAY more time than we wanted to spend.
I've finally returned for a second try at Empire, and it was on par with the first visit. I love the atmosphere, New Orleans industrial-bar style. The service was alright, slow and kept forgetting to bring us our beers, to the point where we had to wait to continue eating. However, the server was very helpful and nice. The beer was decent, and what drew us to come in the first place. I don't recommend the Deep Purple, it just tasted like watered-down grape juice. The food was decent, I ordered the jambalaya appetizer, which was the super star of the meal. I love that they did not skimp on the spice. We both ordered the elk burger with a side of fries. Pretty good, nothing stellar that I'd NEED to order again. As a previous reviewer said: not stellar, but not bad. I'll probably stick to the other downtown staples and maybe come here once again.
My husband and I had a lunch date during the week and I suggested we try Empire, having never been there before. I can't vouch for the beer this time around, but the food was fantastic. I ordered the tumbleweed burger and he ordered the TBLT but when the food arrived, he was wishing he had ordered the burger so we split both. They were both great but the burger was really fantastic, as were my sweet potato fries. A lot of places attempt sweet potato fries only to never get them crispy- these were sliced thinner and wider than regular russet fries and fried up crisp. So. Good. And perfect with the burger. Being a late lunch mid-week, getting a table was easy and service was fast. I can't wait to go back next summer when I'm not pregnant to try the beer!
Great place. Great environment - very relaxed atmosphere to just hang out and have a drink or have dinner.  We walked in on a Thursday night and were seated within 10 minutes.  Food was great, I end up going with one of the cheeseburgers and it was cooked to perfection. When I am back in town I will be going here again.
They changed the menu, and it really depresses me.  I loved the mix of different kinds of food they had and now it's just wrong. They kept some of the old stuff such as the tumbleweed burger (still good!) but they replaced some of the great things on their menu for things like pheasnt sausage and flavorless elk chili :( Ii had the new cuban sandwich and it was sooooo not empire, it was boring. I make better cubans at home. They also got rid of my favorite martini the raspberry mint. I have to change my favorite restaurant now...
