Absolutely no complaints. Now, if you had asked my Dad his one complaint would have been that we had to wait almost an hour to eat, but seeing that people love this place, it was Sunday morning, and we were there at a peak brunch time, I can understand the wait. Delicious brunch food. Everyone at the table was completely satisfied, and the dishes are so big yet so inexpensive! Less than $6 for a huge plate of sausage and biscuits with home fries, and quite frankly the best sausage and biscuits I've had in years. Our waitress was lovely: quick, polite, friendly, funny, doing her job with a smile on her face and doing it well. Thank you Sarah. I couldn't have asked for a better brunch dining experience.
I was visiting the syracuse area and decided to give this place a shot based on great reviews posted on here. The food, service, and pricing were all excellent. I ordered a Greek omelette and home fries, and despite being an experienced chef myself, this meal was on par if not better than anything I would have made at home (with the added benefit of not dirtying my kitchen). The home fries were delicious, and the omelette was perfectly cooked. My husband ordered combo #3 (hot cakes, eggs, homefries, and bacon). His eggs were perfectly cooked over easy, and the 3 plate-sized hot cakes were much too much for him to finish. There was a long line at 11:30am on a Sunday, but a quick turnover of guests resulted in a wait time estimate of 30 minutes. Our party of three waited outside in the sunshine and after about 45 minutes walked inside to check on our table. Unfortunately, our name had been called inside and not outside on the speaker and some other sneaky hungry party of three stole our table. Despite this, the hostess was more than gracious, apologetic, and got us a table straight away. Might be a good idea for this establishment to invest in a pager system to prevent this from happening in the future!
It's always packed which goes to show the food is good! The wait usually isn't long, at least the times I've been there. Waiters and waitresses work quickly and we didn't wait long for our food either. Only complaint I have is that there were these two women at a table for about 3 hours and the waitress complained loudly then had someone tell them they had to leave but it was done rudely. The French Toast is yummy!
There is nothing better than a good friendly diner. This place is far from it. The food is fair at best. The service leaves a lot to be desired. And don't even think about going for a Sunday breakfast because it will be lunch before you are even seated, especially if your party size is under five. For example, just waited over an hour with a party of three just to watch two big parties that showed up after us to be seated. Don't be fooled by the wait, it's easy to be called the best diner in Syracuse when there are very few diners in Syracuse.
You do encounter some lines now and again, but the food is very good.  The service is typically good as well.  No complaints.  The portions are gigantic though - so be prepared to take some how with you.
STELLA'S ROCKS! I know you arte probably thinking then why only 3 stars. Well, the 45-60 minute wait to get in SUCKS. There is no room to wait comfortably. People standing and sitting everywhere. It's a mess trying to get in and out but once you are in and seated the food is totally worth it. You should go, just make sure you have some patience to wait a little while depending on when you go.
Veggie burgers are homemade and delicious! Home fries are nicely cooked. Not a ton of flavor though without some topping. Food and service are great. Bonus point for vintage-style glitter seating. Definitely worth a try.
It's hard to find brunch in Syracuse, but Stella's opens at 5, and in my two visits has been a reliable place for a full American breakfast. Suggest getting there early though. Service was quick enough but the wait for a table can be a while.
I didn't actually get to eat here. My friend and I went here for a breakfast and there was a line out the door. Which was fine - I knew it was a popular place and there would be a wait to get seated. So we put our names on the list and waited patiently by the door with the other waiters. The trouble was, our names were never called. People who arrived after us were seated and the list we were on was tossed and a new one started. We were so annoyed (and hungry) we just decided to leave. I can't speak for their food, but the service we experienced was terrible - and we definitely won't be back.
I was wise today and ordered out. When I arrived at Stella's there was a line out the door. My food was ready and stayed hot till I got home. I ordered a San Francisco omelette that could serve 2 comfortably. It was loaded with veggies and just the right amount of cheese. The home fries are always on point so no complaints there. Def one of those diners that becomes a tradition
Literally the best omelette I've ever had! Great size portions, friendly service, and affordable prices!
Always packed but DEFINITELY worth the wait. Banana waffle and choc. chip pancakes are my go to but seriously everything is amazing.
A Syracuse institution. This is a big efficient diner with a long menu that contains something for everyone.  Despite the list of several parties ahead of ours, we were seated in 15 minutes and promptly provided coffee. There were so many great-sounding options that it was a little bit hard to decide, but I was happy with my selection of the Baja veggie omelet. The portions were generous and the food was fresh. The "toast. No substitutions" policy is stingy but respectable.
I love that this place has that classic chrome diner look. We went inside and it's a seat yourself wherever. Got our seat and were quickly welcomed by our waitress. She seemed happy and welcoming. We got our drinks and ordered mozzarella sticks, they came out perfect for me, crunchy outside and creamy melting. Oozing cheese. I ordered the Monti Cristo with extra crispy home fries (they were a added fee). My wife ordered a bacon cheeseburger medium and for the kids we split a grilled cheese combo. My meal was fantastic and crispy, crunchy home fries, I added syrup onto my Monti Cristo and it was awesome with the sweet and salty textures. My wife's burger was perfectly cooked and for the kids, no complaints. You pay up front not to the waitress. Great place. Overall happy
Syracuse isn't exactly a city for cuisine, with the exception of Dinosaur of course. So I don't expect much in the way of offerings; having been to diners in Jersey and elsewhere, I never anticipate to be eating the "best meal ever" when in Syracuse. But I still can't believe how ridiculously overrated this place is. Is it bad? No, there's plenty worse establishments one can go to. But is it worth waiting at least 30 minutes to be seated? Not at all: the food is just too average and "OK". The coffee is atrocious, wait staff is indifferent, the restaurant is no cleaner than a McDonald's, and you can be sure that your more local diner, even if it's no more inspiring, will probably cook no worse but without the long wait. Mother's Cupboard, Nestico's, Funk n Waffles, even Sunday brunch at Empire Brewery: they're ALL much more worth your time/consideration/money than Stella's. If you have to wait, don't bother. A crowd of people doesn't always mean awesome food; in this case, it is more indicative of a town's lack of taste palete.
This is a diner as a diner is in my head. Came in straight from the airport. My flight was delayed for two hours and the hour and change flight felt longer than it should have. This place just hit the spot after that rough morning.   Being a non-breakfast person I ordered two eggs scrambled with sausage and toast and hot chocolate. Boring. I know. My taste buds didn't think so. Neither did my tummy. The interior screamed out "you're at a diner!" and i love it.
First time going there today, had the eggs Benedict and it was perfect! Home fries are a must here, they give you a ton and they are delicious! Great atmosphere, polite staff, will definitely be going back! Worth waiting in line for!
It is exactly what it looks like it is.  It's a diner complete with diner era furniture (but spiffy, not worn away by the decades).  The coffee is diner coffee...muddy and a bit weak.  The breakfast was good, not great. And yet strangely, it was EXACTLY what I wanted from a breakfast diner...Eggs Benedict drowning in hollandaise, home fries crisped at the edges.  It ensheathed my stomach in a layer of gloopy fatty comfort and gave my arteries in a cholesterol hug until I thought they'd clog from joy.   Yum.
The food was absolutely delicious. Must get the hash browns. Their pancakes are superb. I had the chocolate chip and banana  pancakes. You can't just get one though. I highly recommend this place to anyone. Perfect for brunch after a night of drinking. In general all of the food is good.
Came here to this 50's style diner for breakfast, upon arriving in Syracuse. The diner is relatively close to the airport (driving distance). It was a Thursday morning, and the diner was packed. We put our name on a wait list, but didn't wait more than 5-10 minutes. Service was fast and friendly. We ordered an omelette with spinach, sausage, tomatoes and feta cheese. The feta cheese was an amazing addition! The omelette and breakfast potatoes were delicious! We also ordered a waffle with whipped cream and strawberries. We were less impressed with the waffle. The strawberries were cold (defrosted frozen strawberries,   so soft and squishy), and the whipped cream was not fresh (canned). The price was definitely right! We paid $18 for two meals and two coffees. The portions are huge! Two people could share. Overall, this diner was delicious and the ambiance is lively. Would come here again!
For a Syracuse diner, this place deserves a 4 star rating.  If Stella's was located downstate, it would be 3 starts at best.   Stella's does breakfast VERY well, and not much else.  Their lunch and dinner menu is terrible  and limited.  That being said, the breakfast menu is huge and the food is fantastic.  I have had the veggie burrito (no eggs or cheese) and pancakes, and my family and friends have had the french toast, eggs, corn beef hash, sausage, bacon, and eggs benedict.   I have been to Stella's many times and have never had a bad breakfast.  There is always a wait, but it is worth it.   Whatever you get, I would HIGHLY recommend getting a side order of home fries.  Literally, the best home fries I've ever had in my life!
While not up to par with a NJ diner, this is the best one in the 'Cuse. Great waitresses who never fail to refill your drinks and treat you like you are the only one dining. Great specials, and the best chicken pastina soup, like your mother would make if your mother were Italian! Hours are weird, so check to make sure they are open before you head out.
Love Stella's! I tried the new Brooklyn Burger- a hamburger on an everything bagel with bacon and cheese. I also got a cup of chili so I could have chili cheese fries, and my son got the chicken pastina soup (he's only 14 months). The burger was good! Super filling, even though I got the 6 oz patty. I love everything bagels. It was a surprisingly good combination. My son's chicken pastina soup was delicious! He loved it. But what really made our experience great was our waiter. I think his name was Garrett or Gary? His voice reminded me of Snoop Dogg (I mean, Snoop Lion). And he laughed along when I told him that. He was super attentive to our group and was even thoughtful enough to bring an extra bowl and a cup of ice so that I could cool my son's soup.
My knee-jerk reaction to this place was "four-stars," but then I began to think to myself, why just four?  What did this place do wrong that warrants the demerit of a star?  The more I thought about it, the more I couldn't think of a single thing the place did wrong at all.  That's kind of the feeling that a place like Stella's Diner is, it's sneaky-outstanding under a guise of very good. Despite being a dreary Monday morning, I figured it might not be super busy, given its kind of tucked-away location.  But given the fact that it technically is kind of right off of US-11, and not far off of I-81, I guess it's no surprise that the place was pretty busy, even on a Monday morning.  Anyway, the parking lot is large and it's free parking, both of which are big positives as far as I'm concerned. Upon entering, the first thing I notice is the amount of Betty Boop stuff all over the place.  I don't know who Stella is, nor do I necessarily care enough to do the background research prior to writing this, but it's clear that she must have been a big fan of Betty Boop.  This is not a problem with me. Otherwise, the interior is large and spacious, and I'm sure if the place really wanted to, they could have found a way to float in narrow tables to put in the space in between the bar and the window booths.  But the fact that they don't gives the place this airy and spacious feeling, for those who tire of the restaurants that try to cram as many seats into a space as humanly possible.   Opting for bar seating avoided a long wait for a booth, which turned out to be a good choice, because there were quite a good number of people waiting before, and after I had gotten there. Service is attentive and quick, and in spite of the constant bustle and turnover, all the servers were capable of keeping track of who's who, while not being so swamped that they didn't notice when coffees or waters needed refills. Food-wise, I ordered a combination breakfast, which is the standard fare or meat, eggs, toast, potatoes.  In terms of portion vs. price, Stella's leans in favor of the portion size, and you get a great amount of food for what you're paying.  It's not going to blow you away, as it's pretty standard breakfast fare, but the key is that they do it well.  I like sausage links, and lots of places have a tendency to overcook them to where they're tough, or undercook them to where they're still practically rubbery.  Stella's did me well, and that's good enough for me. The overall breakfast experience was vastly positive, and I can think of no negatives.  It might not blow you away from a knee-jerk reaction, but when you stop and think about it, they also do nothing wrong at all.  As far as I'm concerned, zero negatives is good enough to warrant five stars, easily deserved.  Sneaky excellence.
There has always been something beautiful to me about breakfast on a Sunday morning. When I was young my sister and I used to dread Saturdays - inevitably they would be spent weeding and painting and watering flower boxes, cleaning windows and dusting dressers and sponging down bathroom countertops, frowning, bitter over how impossible it was to live with clean parents. And then Sunday came, with bacon and eggs and home fries shaped like apologies, rewards for the injustice of having to wake up before ten on a weekend to mow the lawn and vacuum the pool. Moving away from home, I lost those mornings, but still search for them at diners and brunch spots whenever the hour and my friends indulge me. Living on the West Coast I am often swayed from my traditional breakfast fare with promises of fancy pancakes and things called frittatas, but when I'm back home I go back to my buttered-toast, scrambled-egg, bacon-and-ketchup roots - with the small modification of standing in line for it. Stella's is one of the few places I will wait forty-five minutes for a table, and probably the only place I will wait without complaining about it. The waitresses are charmingly brusque - while they'll top off your coffee or bring you more syrup if they notice you're lacking, they're quick about it, which, considering the size and busyness of the place, is not only understandable, but respectable, as well. They're the kind of ladies who'll sincerely call you "honey" while still tapping their foot as though to say, "Chop, chop." It's damn near impossible to finish a plate here on your own, even if you aren't a grass-fed gangly wimp like me. They charge you almost nothing except your time. The place is classic, a throwback to fifties diners, and plastered with Betty Boop memorabilia. And when you've been standing in line, tortured by the smell of waffles that aren't yours, just remember - it's better than Saturday chores.
Meh. I had the corned beef sandwich and it was poor at best. Breakfast looked better and I probably should have ordered that. The reasonable prices and large portions make this place crowded and, I'm sure, with loyal customers. The service was good and, even with 7 of us at the table, the food arrived quickly, hot, and the orders were accurate. So, if you're into a kind of cute, divey place with lots of people, and you're into lots of mediocre food you'll be OK here. Look, it's probably nicer than Denny's but that's the best I can say.
Fucking brilliant. I love this place. for $10 you can get more food than any sane person could possibly eat. And as far as I can tell, it's good food. Good enough, at least. And if it isn't pour on one (or all) of your 5 condiments (ketchup, tabasco, syrup, jelly, steak sauce) to taste. This is the perfect hangover food. It is not the perfect diet food. You know what else? This place has character. Grit. Moxie. Even class, in a meth-mouth neo-Appalachia kind of way. And even so, behind the Betty Boop/roller derby schtick, they manage not to be the "eat and get the fuck out" types. The waitresses are gracious and the gods are grand. Grand, to have given us Stella's. Advice time. Be ready for a wait. Drink coffee while waiting; it's free. Tip well. This place is cheap enough that you can afford to. Try the rattlesnake pasta.
Stella's is worth the wait!  I went on a Saturday and waited about 40 minutes.  The food was incredible. Huge portions, affordable, and a great energetic vibe.  I had steak and eggs and the steak was thick and cooked just right!
I really liked this place. The food was good, the decor was cute - Betty Boop dolls hanging everywhere- not something you see every day. And I'm in love with the sparkly booth seats in red and silver.   Atmosphere is extremely casual, seat yourself, diner food, not a lot of nonsense. My french toast was good, tho the waitress offered me powdered sugar and cinnamon and none arrived. Not a big enough error to impact my impression that this place is great. I would highly recommend.
Yum yum yum!!  I went here for breakfast and got a sausage omelette with home fries.  This dish was absolute perfection. My standards are extremely high for diners (I'm originally from Jersey).  I have to admit that Stella's has the best diner food I've ever had. Service is great and the ambiance has a very cute 1950's vibe.  You can't go wrong here!!  Only bad side- the location isn't in the most glamorous part of town.  Don't let all the shady strip clubs surrounding it scare you.
Top notch for a meal 4 the money place. When I got there the waiting line was out the door. To my surprise , I only waited 10 minutes. Food was excellent!!
It's Stella's. A Syracuse institution. A hangover mecca. It's a diner that's wildly popular. They serve some awesome omelets and corned beef hash, and when it's been a long Saturday, they're a godsend. Going with 4+ people can be a hell of a wait, so try to keep it under. The Betty Boop kitsch decorations are abismal, but hey, it's a diner. The Vermont or Diablo omelet are the best, and milkshakes are giant and thick. Each meal feels like a pat on the back for making it through a long night of drinking worth it. Either way, it's cheap, decent and one of the only diners around. Make the trip, it's worth it.
It's become tradition for my boyfriend's dad to pick us up from our red-eye flights to Syracuse from San Diego and take us directly to breakfast/brunch/lunch.  In the past we've always gone to Barbieri's II, but this time we switched it up and headed to Stella's Diner to eat. Stella's is located in a large lot off I-81 near Carousel Center.  Not the prettiest section of town, but thumbs up for plentiful free parking.  We arrived around 2PM last Thursday and witnessed the apparent tail end of the lunch rush.  Place was slammed, but we got a seat after waiting 5 minutes max.  Less than 20 minutes later the large dining room had emptied considerably. If you've got a thing against Betty Boop you won't want to come here!  She's all over the place, and, interestingly, our cool waitress Mary Jo informed us that all the Betty Boop décor is brought in by customers.  Impressive. I have to admit I had major reservations about such a place--I don't typically like diners much at all--but was impressed by the inexpensive food we ordered and consumed in a manner that would incline one to believe we hadn't eaten in days.  My guy's fried haddock sandwich was killer; I stole a few extra bites.  My Monte Cristo wasn't phenomenal but made me happy enough, and the super-chunky cinnamon-y apple sauce on the side was a nice surprise.   It's all about the little things in life:  I loved that 2 tea bags were brought out with my mug and little hot pot of water.  I find that most places offer just one tea bag per order--sucks for me because I like my tea really strong--and then sometimes charge extra for a second tea bag. My boyfriend's dad bought me a Stella's Diner shirt--blue and orange Syracuse colors, of course--that reads "EAT IT.  You'll like it."  Gotta love a mildly dirty slogan.   Really casual, really friendly service.  Waitresses with endearing sass who aren't above perhaps snagging a few leftover tator tots while bussing a customer's table. Good stuff.
We were recently and briefly passing through Syracuse, NY and the morning that we were leaving town, we were meeting up with a big group of friends for breakfast. Stella's Diner is apparently the hot spot on a Sunday morning in Syracuse, as we had to wait for about 30 minutes for a table.  They eventually sat our rather large party in a sunny back room.   The waitress was friendly and quickly took our drink orders.  By the time she came back, thankfully, everyone was ready to order.  I've always been interested in ordering biscuits and gravy, but never really had the drive to actually do so, until now.  I felt good about the decision, but I also started to feel sick because of some serious fumes coming from somewhere.  We could not really identify the source, perhaps an idling truck right out side the window or some faulty ac shaft. Whatever the culprit, it was not making for a pleasant dining experience.  Not to mention, I was so hungry.  Holding my breath, let's get back to the food. The real question:  was I hungry enough?  When my biscuits and gravy came out, I'm telling you, they were not fooling around back there.  They meant business.  I had never received so much food in my life.  The biscuits and gravy, as if they were not enough, came with a sizable portion of home fries. It was all quite intimidating.  I managed to put a dent I could be proud of in my plate.  I finished one biscuit and a decent amount of gravy, as well as some of the home fries.  It was all pretty good, actually.  It was just so much!  Too much for this girl, but thankfully, I had a friend take my other biscuit and some gravy to go.  I hate to see food go to waste, but I also know that I can only take so much.  Aside from the wait, the fumes and the crazy, insane portions, this place was just fine.
I don't get it. It was just ok. Maybe everyone is rating it super high because that portions can feed a starving village .
Stella's is one of my favorite places for breakfast. There is a wide variety of breakfast foods to choose from and the portions are very generous. If you like omelets, they probably have the widest selection to choose from. My favorites are the New Orleans with Creole Sauce or the Pepperjack Bacon omelet. The pancakes always seem to be a crowd pleaser as well. The service is friendly and they're usually pretty prompt (once you sit down) with keeping your coffee cup filled. Having said all that. I would agree that it is a bit over-rated. On a weekend, there usually is a 20-30 minute wait to sit down. I can see why its popular, since its one of the few diners big enough to take groups. We don't go there as often since there's plenty of other good places to eat breakfast in Syracuse that don't have the wait.
What can I say that hasn't already been said? This place is packed at all hours for a reason! Love the Vermont. The pancakes are plate sized. My only tip is to check your order if you get anything take out.
We've stopped at Stella's after shopping at Carousel a few times and had dinner, but this week was the first time we went there for a breakfast and we were happy with our meal.  The place was a little chaotic (surprised for a Thursday at 10:30AM), but it only took maybe 5 minutes to get seated , and the service was reasonably fast as well. We had an omellette and a stack of blueberry pancakes and we split them both, sort of like a 2 person family style breakfast.  Both items were very good, portions were large (though I don't really judge restaurants by size of portion), and the quality was very good. I would recommend Stella's to anyone looking for breakfast or diner style dinner for that matter (hot turkey sandwich, meatloaf, etc.).  Very convenient to Carousel Mall too - just up the hill!
This is the best a diner can get. It doesnt pretend to be something that its not. Its a diner. A really good diner. Stella's will spoil you in the diner genre and you will wish that all diners cared this much about food quality. They have all the food options you could ever want from a diner, done fast and with quality ingredients. I have never had anything there that I didnt like. The worst that my food ever got was that it tasted like mediocre diner food. Most of the time it above and beyond. Their omelettes are GREAT. The swiss cheese they use is flavorful and clearly high quality. Pancakes and waffles are great as well. For lunch, the Pita Platter is SO good. Quality chicken, fresh tomatoes, and warm pita bread for a make your own pita lunch. They dont cut corners at Stella's. Just show up on a Sunday morning with the rest of Syracuse and you will see that you have chosen the right place to eat.
It's a local landmark.  Waiting lines can be ridiculously long on weekends during breakfast & brunch hours, but that doesn't detract its royal local followings from showing up.   Upon arrival and observing a waiting crowd, you need to put yourself on the waiting list by (politely) pushing through the crowd and reaching the hostess.  If the hostess is too busy and no where to be found, look for a piece of paper that's left on the hostess table so you can write down your name and the size of your party. Food is typical diner and breakfast joint food.  Portions are huge and prices reasonable, although there is nothing unique or special about the food. If I am in the area and looking to fill up, I'd come here again.
I made the mistake of going on a Sunday at 10 AM - this place was PACKED!  25 minute wait for a table of 2.  The food was delicious and generously sized.  Definitely splurge on some $1.49 homefries with onions; they are large enough to share for 2 but so delicious that you might not want to share them! The service was "meh".  It consisted of "Hi, what'd you like to drink" "May I take your order" "Here's your food and your check".  They want you in and out. Overall, the food was great but the service was skimpy (but understandably so). PRO TIP:  Call ahead to get your name on the list, then by the time you show up, your table should be ready!
Woke up Sunday morning craving a big breakfast and too lazy to make one. Stella's sounded great but didn't want to wait the hour or more that I was sure the wait was at 10 AM. Browsing the web site I discovered that they in fact do take out! Awesome. Ordered the biscuits and gravy again by phone and I picked it up a mere 20 minutes later. No waiting required. When I arrived the wait looked ridiculous. People were parking in the street because the parking lot was full. Not me. In and out. Delicious as always.
Amazing Food, the REAL Diner stuff you Crave! Waitresses REALLY CHEWING GUN!!!! and calling me "Hun"!
On a trip out to western ny we stopped here on the way back for lunch. All the reviews talked about the breakfast wait and lunch isn't much better. We were happy to sit at the bar so we ate sooner than those who wanted a table (20-30 min). I had the angry steak and cheese. It was great. Onion rings and fries were top notch but every plate we watched pass by look excellent. Here the service is a little sketchy and unprofessional comprised mostly of teenagers and crotchety old women. The neighborhood? Well, we passed 3 strip clubs within 1/4 mile. But hey, good food cheap! Pass
Yeah it's a diner so you know a few things are for certain: 1) There's going to be a wait. (They did seem to handle it pretty well though, we waited about 15 min on a Saturday at noon) 2) The waitresses could give a damn about socializing with you, they are just the people who walk your food from the kitchen to your table ok. 3) The portions are going to be huge. (The pancake was the size of a tire!) All of the above definitely apply to Stella's. The one thing that set them apart fromm other diners was the home fries! They were scalloped potatoey goodness. I was equally impressed with the ridiculously cheap prices. In the end, yes it's a diner, but it's one of the few above decent dining options in the Syracuse area.
This place KICKS ASS! It is not the cheapest, but thats ok, the servings are huge! The service is great and the food is outstanding! The only bad thing is the line can get kind of long, but worth the waite. Give Stella's one try and it will be the first place you hit when in Syracuse!
No pretense here that this is a foodie place.  This is an All-American-Diner housed on in a quasi warehouse on the edge of town (not far from the gargantuan Carousel Mall).  We showed up around 9:00 am (which we thought was pretty early) on a Sunday morning, but still found ourselves in the melee of the waiting area at the front door; a process that involved signing in on a clipboard until they found a table with the right number of seats.  It all seemed a little bit like roulette, but after about 1/2 hour, we DID get seated. Food was what you'd expect at a diner - large portions, eggs and home fries - bring on the gravy.  My daughter had a pretty decadent waffle loaded with whipped cream - good!  Diner coffee.  Diner dishes.  Advertisements for the locals AND their own restaurant on a flat-screen mounted on the wall.  I had an omelet with sausage and cheese - again, good!  What you'd expect. Every time I go to a place like this, I walk away feeling over fed and quietly wondering "Why?"  But this one is definitely loaded with local color, which if only for that reason, warrants a shout out.  In the diner world their, probably 4 or 5 stars.  In the grand culinary universe - it was a good diner!
The hash browns are great and you get like 3 potatoes worth of them - that's mostly what's worth noting.  I got the steak and eggs.  The steak was exactly what you'd expect for a diner steak - an unevenly cooked bland steak that's basically a vehicle for A1 sauce.  That's what I expected when I ordered it, though, so I was happy.  Tried the chocolate chip pancakes, which were good, and the monte cristo, which was good as well.   The problem is, while the food is extremely cheap for how much food you get, who the hell wants leftover breakfast?  8-10 bucks for breakfast isn't expensive or anything, but if you're like me and don't want to eat leftover pancakes or french toast or eggs later, the fact that you get 1.75 meals worth for your 8 bucks doesn't add a lot to the value. Still, place is pretty sweet.
My wife & I went to Stella's after reading reviews. We went to Stella's at about 11:30am and had breakfast. The restaurant was crowded and loud. We were seated quickly and our food arrived shortly after ordering. Do check the hours on Monday and Tuesday as they are closed by mid-afternoon.
Go during off hours if you want to avoid the crowds. Good size portions and quick service from the waitresses.
I've eaten at Stella's several times on visits back home to the 'cuse. I grew up eating at Little Gem, but Stella's is now my go-to for breakfast. We went on Christmas Eve at about 10:30 a.m. and it was ridiculously packed. Even though we had called ahead to get our name on the list, we waited 20 minutes for a table for 3 adults and two small children.  The good thing was that as soon as we were seated, we were waited on and our food came out quickly. I ordered the Athens omlette - spinach, tomato, and feta. There was a TON of feta. Overall, good. Your choice of toast with the omlette, but it was huge, I didn't really need anything else. My husband got the Fretta - a local special - and it was even bigger than my omlette.  Truly gigantic. I had a bite and it was quite good. He really enjoyed it.  A friend had eggs florentine and also enjoyed it. A diner is a diner is a diner, but there is a reason people come out in droves to Stella's.  It's probably a little pricier than your typical diner (entrees run from $6.95 to $9.95), and you'll certainly get more than enough food, but I can't say that I'm head over heels for Stella's.  I will certainly be back for the local-ness and the fact that you get what you expect of the place, and it's worth a try, but don't expect anything that will blow your mind.
Well, Stella's is definitely your typical diner: loud, the soundtrack is New York accented discussion and order-yelling, Betty Boop paraphernalia everywhere with all the typical breakfast offerings. The one thing that I think sets them apart is how quickly their food comes out. I was there on a weekday morning and they were packed on one half of the restaurant and steadily filling the other side; my food took less than 5min to come out!  I normally read the newspaper while I'm waiting for my food and while eating, but they were so quick that I didn't even get past the front page! The food was alright, just your typical diner food. I got a spinach and mushroom omelet and homefries, which were good, but was more impressed with the volume of food that they could put on one platter! Their huge portions, constantly rounding servers with coffee, juice, and water, and fast service is undoubtedly why they have 4+star reviews!
Serious breakfast standard here. Anytime around breakfast or lunch on a Saturday or Sunday, it is always crowded, and you will have to wait a serious amount of time. The waitstaff is all very efficient though, and it is a huge place, so they go through a giant volume of people rather quickly. The food is pretty fantastic, but also pretty basic. Nothing too fancy as far as specials go, mostly just diner fare. I did recently have the Monte Cristo though, french toast stuffed with ham and swiss, and that was pretty amazing and delicious. Before that I generally relied on the standard of chocolate chip pancakes, which are totally banging. This place is well worth it, and I totally recommend it, if you have some time to wait.
Mediocre food and service.  Almost no system for seating people when busy.  Waited 45 minutes only to discover that the counter was not seated via the wait list.  Will not be back.
Just here this last weekend for brunch. Great place for a hungover saturday or sunday afternoon. This is a larger diner out near the mall, there tends to be a slight wait, since this place is known to locals and SU students. The stella with bacon, (breakfast sandwhich) is awesome, and the pancakes rock. Portions are huge, and the homefries are the best in town.... always a good time stellas...
Okay...I think I'm spoiled living in Atlanta.  When you go to much smaller markets, like Syracuse, seems that people check their taste buds at the city limits.  Stella's was pretty mediocre. We went there for breakfast this past Saturday (11.8.08).  2 of our friends were already waiting there for us, so service was fairly quick for such a busy place.  I did enjoy the fact that we were eating at a local eatery as you never know when you'll discover a diamond in the rough. I ordered the chocolate chip pancakes, a sausage patty, cheese grits, and a tall glass of chocolate milk.  Sounds disgusting right?  We'll, it's actually pretty good since you'll get both sweet and salty sensations in the same meal.  It's true what they say that the portions are gigantic (or at least the pancakes were).  I received 1 piece of sausage which turned out to be plenty enough.  The pancakes were pretty lack luster and I got the shaft on the small amount of cheddar cheese I received in my grits.  And surprisingly, the grits tasted like grits in the South.  They weren't the thicker version, which it seems you can only find in Soul Food restaurants, but they were what I expected.  The large chocolate milk was maybe 16 oz. which also turned out to be plenty.   Our waiter sounded like she had been out the night before drinking all night, so I had to ask her to repeat nearly everything she said.  Another person in our party ordered Eggs Benedict of which the white part was runny on one of them (not good so we had to send that part back).  Minor set-back. The portions are large and the prices reasonable, but maybe you should be hungover before you eat here so you don't know the difference between quantity and quality.  I'd go back just for the variety (from big national chains - think IHOP), but the food is just so so.
My husband absolutely loves Stella's.   For me, it's not worth the weekend wait.    The food is good but not great and waiting 20-30 minutes for it is just too darn long. The food is pretty much standard diner fare - omelets, scambles, pancakes and what not.     I've never eaten here except for breakfast so I don't know what it's like for lunch or dinner.
I've been reminiscing about my Syracuse days, and no time spent in Syracuse is complete without a trip to Stella's.  The ridiculously long waits on the weekends can only mean one thing- this place is damn good.  And for any meal, the whole menu is good.  I really can't pinpoint my favorite thing on the menu, but I always loved the omelets, and they made a pretty good burger.  Friendly waitresses and fast service too.   The only downside is that this is not a late night diner.  I can only imagine the drunk binges I would have had here had it been open late!   Oh, the things I would do to eat here again...
I'm a creature of habit and usually pick the same menu items from restaurants where I'm a regular. However, I recently stuck a toe outside the box and chose something different from Stella's. The result: I've found a new go-to item - the Monte Cristo Breakfast Sandwich! Delicious French toast is stuffed with layers of ham and melty Swiss cheese. The dish also comes with spiced apples, but I didn't pay much attention to them. I focused on the sweet and savory sandwich, dousing it with syrup and enjoying every bite!
I've heard about this place from my boyfriend for 9 months, and FINALLY just got to try it. Well worth the hype (at least for breakfast). Best eggs benedict of my life.
Every time I am back at home in Syracuse I always visit Stellas for breakfast. we usually go on Sunday mornings, before going to my grandmas house that afternoon. We get there kind of early to avoid what my dad calls "the church crowd" meaning the people coming out of church to come to Stella's to get breakfast. The one down fall I dislike about this place is to get to the front where you ask the hostess to put your name on the waiting list is inside and the crowd on most weekends to get inside is unbearable. You have to politely push through people to get to the hostess stand and kind of stand your ground when people get upset from you pushing through. Once you are seated the waitress come right away and greets you. Your food comes out fast and is always hot. I have to mention the Italian toast is absolutely to die for it is very very addicting my twin sister and I always seem to be fighting over the bread that others in our party don't want to or can't eat. Also, the reason most people can't eat their toast is because for the price that you are paying the portions are huge. My parents who almost always order the fritter end up bringing most of it home because of how big the portion is. Highly recommended for those that love the diner atmosphere and diner food!
Breakfast with Kate, Martha, Sarah and Caroline in a very busy spot in 'The City'.  Long, long wait but worth every minute. The breakfast we had was served quickly once seated and the booths were spacious which is always a pleasant treat ;-). The Italian toast was a nice local touch and the coffee hot and plentiful. We could have sat there for hours drinking coffee all day even though he wait never abated. No pressure at all to move us out. Will be back. No Taylor Ham on the menu.
Just like any diner, there will be a wait if you go at peak hours. The crowd is proof positive that the place is worth visiting. The prices are low but  you get a ton of food. All of the waiters and waitresses are friendly. There is plenty of room to wait and a covered, heated area outside as well. I've been to Stella's dozens of times and I'm always pleased. The portions are large enough to save for lunch the next day - you're definitely not going to get ripped off. I live near New York City but I still find myself pining for Stella's food.
I haven't had a meal here I didn't like!. It's good food, cheap!
Stella's is a decent diner. Not the best in Syracuse but certainly not the worst. Good breakfast sandwiches and portions. The homefries are utilitarian at best. They give you a ton but it's mostly just flavorless filler. I'd give 3 stars but the homefries and the usual waiting time knocks it down to 2 stars. As it says... "I've experienced better"
So much good food at such good prices. Great for a family outing. My kids always enjoy their meals. I have tried something different with every visit and have never been disappointed. Always good service too.
great prices, service is friendly! Super place to be
We love Stella's. Its like something off of diner, drive in and dives minus the tool with bleached hair who wears his sunglasses on the back of his head. Huge portions for breakfast and fast service. Great greasy diner specials like Philly cheese steaks and burgers. It's a popular place to be prepared to wait it out once you get on the list. They don't take reservations and on the weekends the after church crowd seems to pack out the place so go early or later!
Mediocre food at best.  The coffee is undrinkable.   A notch lower than a Denny's restaurant. Most of the waitresses are heavily tattooed and scummy looking.  Cleanliness of this restaurant is about the same as a McDonald's.  This place is ridiculously overrated by the other reviews I have read.
the wait may be overwhelming. but so are the portions! the place is big, and the move fast so endure the 15-20 min wait (in the cold) for some delicious diner food. i had the biscuits and gravy, pretty good i must say.
Stumble on this thanks to YELP fans!  Looking for a low maintenance place to eat after movie.  one of us had Cajun chicken with salad, and other cup of soup and small Caribbean salad. Both were great.  very generous servings, take home worthy leftovers.  Fast service, clean, busy.   Our server was busy, but with it!
En route back to NYC from Rochester on a Sunday in late October, I had lunch at Stella's with a Syracuse friend.  The wait was long (the place was *jammed*, which my friend said is quite typical), but it was definitely worthwhile - and I don't often feel that way about waiting.  The food was really delicious and portions were generous.  In addition, the service was very attentive and the prices were reasonable.
I never saw the hype for this place. I been here twice. I had an omelet. It was a omelet. The second time I had pork chops. It was dry and a small portion. The mac and cheese did not look like the picture and was very loose. I do not think I will wait in the long line for this place. Service is also lacking.
This place is an absolute GEM!!  Yes, there will always be a line, but if you are visiting solo or just with one other person, you can wait at the front for a seat at the counter to open up.  I came here with a friend and we were able to snag two seats at the counter less than 5 minutes after we showed up. Between the two of us, we had a HUGE broccoli and cheddar omelet, biscuits, a short stack of hotcakes (best i've ever had), home fries, eggs, toast, and fries.  All for $14.   The decor is super kitch with vintage betty boops all over the place and the waitresses are all friendly and fast.   Can't wait to go back for more hotcakes!
I've been to Stella twice since I moved to Syracuse and the food has been great. The home fries are awesome and the chocolate chip pancakes are amazing. Just be aware that the portions are huge and the wait was terrible when I went on a Sunday. However, if you go during the week you'll probably be seated quickly. The service is prompt, but don't expect a talkative or overly friendly server. They're usually pretty busy and don't have time for much more then to fill your coffee and get your food. Also, it can save you a bunch of time if you just go sit at the counter as opposing to wait for a table, especially on the weekends. I can't vouch for anything but the breakfast food, but I would recommend any of the breakfast combos (although the combo three is much to large for any normal human) and my girlfriend swears by the breakfast sandwiches.
The love for Stella's baffles me, preferred it better at the original location. While they don't do anything horrible they don't do anything great. I have never had something wow me here like I have at other diners. Seems people just like bland food and large portions.
Oh Stella's ... I had such a nice time at your place a couple weeks back.  You're loud, crowded, and hectic.  But you're very nice, speedy, and make a mean omelet. Ooo and your home fries are really good!  I'll be back again at some point.... And maybe order one of the breakfast sandwiches, they look pretty tasty. :-)
Great food (large portions), excellent service, good prices. Will definitely come here again!
I have been going here my whole life. Ever since I was a kid my parents would surprise me with a trip to this place. I recommend the age old pancakes and bacon combo
I stopped by here for Sunday brunch a couple years ago-the wait was about 45 minutes. 45 MINUTES?! Are you kidding? This better be some damn good diner food! Finally got seated, ordered a bacon, egg and cheese on a roll with home fries on the side-VERY good home fries, the sandwich was ok. I feel like a place with so much hype should have been phenomenal. I would suggest coming here not on a Sunday, when it's not so busy. If you really want diner food you don't have to come here-there are plenty of other ones that are just as good if not better.
I love the home fries. Best in town. Everything else is mediocre.
Typical diner that is always bussy for some reason. The food is what you'd expect from any diner. I do not think it is worth the wait for a table or to pay the bill though.
There can be a long wait on weekends. Its pretty noisy inside. The food is good, although the fish and grits is not my favorite thing. Omelets are good here. If your going with a group it would be better to go at a off time, because its not often they have a lot of tables near each other to put together
Despite always being elbow to elbow upon entering, Stella's always seems to get you seated quickly. I've only ever considered swinging by here for a weekend breakfast so I can't comment on lunch/dinner. Breakfast, however, is good, traditional diner food, large portions, and reasonable prices. Staff is always pleasant and attentive. This place is not gonna blow you out of the water but it won't ever let you down.
As far as diners go, this is as good as it gets.  And that says a lot.  With style and charisma, a fantastic staff delivers creative standards and original standouts. Had an excellent breakfast recently and next time I'm in the area, I'll be sure to stop by again.
Saw this on Yelp after waking up late with the gf with both of us craving a diner breakfast. This place, while a little out of the way and off the beaten track of town, was hoppin' and loads of tables and counter seats. The staff was fast and on-point with the orders. The food was great, cheap and huge as ever. Choc-chip pancakes were delicious and the homefries were amazing; normal scaloped potatoes but the seasoning was the key. The gf would totally hit it up for the homefries once a week if we lived in the area.
The food is always fantastic here, even their lunch/dinner entrees are better than most other restaurants at a much lower price.
Huge portions, massive lines. Worth the wait for good food.
Great food, friendly staff, definite diner atmosphere, large portions, questionable surrounding neighborhood, economical, recommend !
What more can you ask for in a dinner? The only downside is the wait sometimes...
Overrated. The pancakes are rubbery and the service was not very good. The omelets, eggs, and home-fries were par for the course and in no way worth the wait time.
My favorite place to eat! The staff is friendly and the portions are huge for the price! The fretta, and veggie burrito are fantastic breakfast foods! And of course the pancakes! For lunch and dinner, get the carribbean salad and the baked ziti with meatballs. Be prepared to wait during peak hours.  The motto on the shirts are absolutely correct: Eat it, You'll like it.
Good coffee, good food. I enjoyed the Italian sausage and eggs. The sausage could have been a little hotter. Home fries are awesome. Eggs cooked to perfection. A good breakfast. Teresa had a hot cake with eggs and sausage links. The sausage was very tasty. The hot cake was fluffy eggs were great. We enjoyed the Betty Boop decor. Busy,busy place. Get in line and enjoyed.
We ate at Stellas last week. My son and I had club sandwiches and my wife had grilled cheese. The meal took FOREVER to receive. After about 25 minutes our waitress said  the cook accidentally made a grilled HAM and cheese... So now, our club sandwiches and our fries were sitting, getting cold waiting for them to make my wife a 2nd sandwich. The waitress wasn't really apologetic, and she was dog slow at getting me a couple coffee refills when asked. Eventually, another waitress walked around with a pot and topped me off, but still. sigh. Finally the food arrived, and it though it was pretty good, it was also pretty cold. Ridiculous. Not a super cheap meal, and cold, and not so great service. The couple at a table nearby us had a great waiter. A tall african-american guy who was super attentive to them and very friendly. Personality goes a long way when you work in a restaurant. I wish we sat one table over. I'm going to remember this next time I'm on the fence about a diner.
Stella's Diner is our place to go every Friday!  Its a sort of "celebration" that we made it through another tough week!  We usually request Moe (one of the waitresses), so we can sit in her section.  We enjoy her interaction with us.  I guess we have become regulars, since we usually don't get asked what we want to drink: she just brings it over automatically!  I have had nearly all of their seafood offerings during this Lenten season, from scallops to fried haddock, broiled haddock, fried clams, shrimp, seafood stir fry, scallops, among others.  We also go sometimes for Sunday breakfast - excellent omelettes, eggs, a variety of toast (cinnamon-raisin my favorite!), children's portions.  They are very accommodating to your every wish, and open to new ideas and suggestions for new dishes.  If you like LARGE portions at very reasonable prices, and don't mind waiting a bit during busy times, you will love Stella's! And if something does come out that isn't right (mistakes happen), they will fix it for you - just ask!  Oh, and their steaks - mmmm!  When you order it, say, medium rare, it comes out medium rare.  And just melt in your mouth!  Wonderful and HUGE desserts, too!  If you haven't been there, you're missing out.  Try them tonight!
i have heard a lot of good things about this place so i decided to give it a shot this morning. i should let you know that i look like a young charles bukowski covered in tattoos and have a beard like that of a man that has been in a three year coma. i was "greeted" three minutes after i sat down with a rhetorical "what are you drinking?"  the waitress was not even near my table so i wasnt sure if she was talking to me. she was. so i said, "coffee please." she got me a cup of coffee which tasted like folgers instant coffee made with the freshest toilet water syracuse had to offer.  just how i like it. i ordered an omelette with home fries and toast and she asked, "with or without onions?" i replied, "without" and she says, "no?" as if i didnt properly answer her question. finally we resolved the issue by me repeating "without onions" and she got it this time. the food arrives to the table after only a single cup of coffee which is pretty good tome for a busy-ish diner. i begin eating and i start to wonder if the chefs have salt or pepper in the kitchen because my food was void of any flavor whatsoever. i would have rather had an eight year old draw a picture of my omelette with crayons on wax paper and eat that rather than eat this omelette. my waitress who had the personality of the mean old woman from the goonies came to offer me another cup of coffee as i was nearly finished with my meal and never asked how it was. i wouldve lied and told her it was awesome like her personality and continued to forcefeed myself this meal. i finished my meal as much as i could...oh! i forgot to mention the one shining glimmer of hope. i got wheat toast and the butter on it was phenominal. not sure if it was country crock or what but it was delicious. i hear my waitress saying goodbye and merry christmas to people leaving and ad i pay my bill and walk out, she says nothing to me. no goodbye. or thank you. or merry christmas. i wanted to go back in and take my tip off the table to use toward someone who would appreciate it more. but i didn't. all in all, this place was not what i imagined. the food was bad. the service was worse and i had a betty boop tree ornament teasing my the entire meal. with her oversized head and kissy face. i gave it two stars because the toast was good. and because i heard a good conversation between two dirty, old men talking about what they would like to put in taylor swifts mouth. i can assure you that it probably would've tasted better than my meal.
Ok, I'm new to Yelp but I got an iPad for Xmas and I'm learning to play with the apps.  Two weeks ago I was rained off the golf course so the wife and I looked at reviews for Stella's and figured we could find something to eat.  Man what a place to have breakfast!  I'm shocked none of my golf buddies have been!  The food was exceptional, the breakfast potatoes were to die for and the waffles are so good they'll make you want to slap your momma!  I've been back three times since and since it's raining again today and there is no golf (thanks Irene!), I'm waiting for my wife to get out of bed and we're going again today!  A Syracuse must;  Stella's!
The portions are huge so you get your moneys worth. The breakfast foods are typical to other diners but the menu selection is huge. I come here when I need a nice breakfast fix.
