This place is best place for authentic and spicy Chinese food in Syracuse in my mind thus far. I tried a few places and everyplace seems too Americanized. That is not to say this place isn't Americanized either. However it does have a degree of authenticity that you don't get anywhere else. everything that I have tried there thus far is really good. I love spicy food and am always on the lookout for spicy Chinese food and so far, this is the only place that stands up around here. I think their spicy chicken dishes (there are a few) are all very good and a different twist on the typical Americanized Chinese restaurants that I had back from where I lived previously. The owners seem very nice and friendly and always seem accurate on their recommendations. If in doubt, ask them to recommend something
I don't know anything about authentic Chinese food, but I ordered off the authentic Chinese food side of the menu. The dry pot chicken was very tasty, but very spicy. I like spicy though and it was just the amount of heat where if it was any more, it would likely be too much. They do have an American Chinese menu with things people are likely to see from most takeout places, but you can get that stuff anywhere. They have a lot of space, though it was pretty empty when we went. In fact, we were the only people sitting at a table for a while. They do takeout more than they do sit in it seems based on the amount of people picking up food. The folks in here are really nice. We brought our 1 year old daughter here and they were very friendly with her. I'd eat here again. Maybe takeout next time.
3 stars and a meh... Perhaps the food is authentic and amazing, and I was really looking forward to it tonight, but I dare you to try and navigate the online or order by phone process for delivery without giving up. I think I provided my address four times - all unsuccessfully, my phone number three times, mentioned I'm staying at a hotel at least three times, and after spelling out the street name of the hotel multiple times - including repeating "West [insert name]" street for the fourth time, I gave up. And we had not even gotten to my credit card number. A note to those who do try online ordering: first, if you enter your billing address, there's no way to enter a different shipping address - the system just assumes you have one address, even though it tricks you by calling it billing to start. Hence, if you're like me and traveling on business, you'll mistakingly enter the address associated with your credit card, only to find out on the next screen that there is no functionality to enter one's "shipping" address for delivery. FAIL. Then one might logically assume you can still call the restaurant to give them your order number to then provide your "shipping" address, pay, and be on with it. Nope! See above. Then one might think that there could be an option to edit your oder - or cancel it - once you receive an email confirmation. Nope! It's a blank email from tangflavor888@gmail.com via Gmail Mobile. My phone call involving all of the above lasted seven minutes, and I gave up once I found myself spelling out "West" multiple times and trying to explain "West [insert name] street" for a main, central street in Downtown Syracuse. If the person to whom I was speaking couldn't understand this street name and/or couldn't communicate effectively with me in order to write this street name down, there was no way I was moving forward to the "what's your credit card information?" step. Exhausted. Still hungry. And bummed, because I was really looking forward to the Cumin Lamb. :( (Giving 2.5/5 stars since I have no basis for a review of their food.)
Excellent authentic Chinese food that is not overly greasy and laden with sugary sauces. The stir-fried shrimp with ginger and scallions was fresh and delicious. The flaky scallion pancakes with a sweet & vinegary dipping sauce is a must. The fat noodles (the actual name escapes me) with beef was silky and savory. The ambiance and service is solid, and there was no waiting. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
Updated review...while their express lunch remains consistent, a recent experience really turned me off.  A woman had ordered an express lunch, but apparently was served tea as they thought she was ordering off the menu, which comes with gratis tea.  At some point, one of the owners/servers said to her very loudly (I was completely across the restaurant and heard this without a problem) that she shouldn't have the tea because she ordered the express lunch.  She remained calm and said she would pay for it, but he kept saying that he couldn't charge her, but that she shouldn't have done it.  He kept repeating this ad nauseam, and to her credit, she remained calm and simply kept saying she would pay for it.   After she left, the guy started yelling- he started in the restaurant and went into the kitchen, screaming (I assume to his staff) at the top of his lungs in his native language.  You could have heard a pin drop in the restaurant as everyone just kept their heads down - it was wicked uncomfortable.   I don't know if there was more to the situation than what I heard, but it seemed ludicrous.  It's tea...  I am sad to say I won't return, as this was once in my regular rotation for lunch. ETA:  Speaking about people right in front of their face in a foreign language is the height of rudeness.
Delicious food. Good spicy Chinese food. Try Schezwan.
Really excellent. We had dan dan noodles (best we've had in SYR), beef tripe in chili oil appetizer (excellent), and a dry pot.  All were great, and you got that Sichuan peppercorn buzz in your mouth afterwards. Definitely go here.
Having read the Yelp reviews, we decided to give this new place a try. That was two weeks ago. Tomorrow we will return for a fourth time. I married into a Chinese family and there's been only one place in the whole area where they would go to celebrate Chinese New Year and other family events, and that's because it was the only place serving authentic Chinese (not the typical Chinese-American that is ubiquitous). But that one is way up in North Syracuse, a bit of a drive. Imagine our surprise and delight when we found, in the heart of Syracuse, truly authentic Chinese dishes featured on the first four or five pages of Tang Flavor's menu!  This is the real deal, folks. Someone in that kitchen really knows what they're doing. We've tried dishes from every category and every one was absolutely delicious. The entrees are huge so you might want to order Chinese style: an appetizer or two to pass, and fewer entrees than there are diners (unless everyone is ravenously hungry!), also to pass. Prices are already super-reasonable but this keeps it even more reasonable. All the usual stuff is right, too. Lovely, attentive but not intrusive service. You may have to point to what you want while saying it - she's still learning the English but gets it right every time. Very clean place, plenty of room for sit-down meals but you can also do take-out, delivery and a super-fast express lunch. And you can order online! Located in the heart of downtown Syracuse, this is one of many new retail establishments that are part of the Syracuse renaissance. If you actually have room after eating here, the best ice cream in Syracuse and a great cafe are half a block away. Compared to just about any other downtown, parking in Syracuse is easy and cheap and of course free after 6:00 and on Sundays. You have every reason to give this place a try.
Went here for dinner last night because I happened to be in town - I swear I had been here previously in 2007 - 2008 time period when I used to live in Syracuse, but I hadn't remembered it until yesterday! Overall, the food was really, really good.  My friends and I all ordered American Chinese classics (Sesame chicken, sweet and sour chicken, and Szechuan chicken) with egg rolls and pork fried rice, but it was really delicious!  I had the Szechuan chicken specifically and it was packed with flavor - a great amount of heat that you usually don't find, freshly cut veg, meat-y chicken, and a really good sauce to go with it. The pork fried rice was especially worth noting - there was this nutty flavor with it that you don't usually taste with standard fried rice, almost kind of brown butter-like and it totally elevated the dish completely for me.  Major props for this! Price was extremely reasonable too, so how could you complain with such tasty food?  My only one concern is that the service was really not great.  No one ever came to refill our glasses of water, so we were parched looking for a drink by the time we received the check. Overall though, it is definitely a place I would go back to if I were in town again!
I was excited to see a restaurant open up in the old Bagel Shoppe location (may their enthusiastically-stuffed-with-cream-cheese bagels rest in peace) and downtown really could use a good chinese place. Tang Flavor is, very much so, a good chinese place. I ordered the small Kung Po chicken dish ($6.21 after tax) and it is currently blowing my taste buds away. Lightly fried, well seasoned with oil and spice. Very, very good. I picked my lunch up for takeout, but the inside of the restaurant was nice and quiet. It looked like they had a pick your own lunch special of some sort as well. This place would be great for lunch and dinner. I will be visiting Tang Flavor many more times in the future. Two thumbs up.
My husband and I LOVE this place. They offer eat in, carry out and delivery options. When you arrive they greet you with a hot pot of Jasmine tea and a dish of salted peanuts!! The service is great and food is wonderful. They have two menus; the front  half is Authentic Szechuan  and the back half is more Americanized. I definite recommend ordering from the front part of the menu. They also have a great lunch special that is very inexpensive. The best part?? Orange slices with your check! MMMM
We were on the way from Buffalo to NYC. We found this place through Yelp when stopping for lunch in Syracuse. The food tasted great. The portion size is very commendable!  We decided to buy more to go for dinner :-) Service is fast and very friendly. No wonder this place is famous.
It's great to have authentic Szechuan in this part of downtown. The decor's cool, too - very 1960s Chinese restaurant (the food's way better than that sort of place usually offers, of course). Enjoyed the Szechuan chili oil pork; I look forward to trying more of the menu.
I've been here twice and I don't hesitate to say that this is the best Chinese food in Syracuse. The food was very flavorful and seems authentic. Ambience is nice as well with music playing and wood decor. This is my go to Chinese restaurant from now on. Eggplant with garlic sauce, beef noodle soup, and fried dumplings were excellent. The half Peking duck was not the best but good enough to satisfy a craving. It didn't really seem to be a full half though. Sizzling ox tail had really good flavor but the meat was very chewy, I will try beef or shrimp next time. Dumplings with chili oil were just okay, I think the fried version was better. Also they have brown rice which is awesome.
We have been there for dinner three times and ordered delivery  for lunch four times.  The food is authentic and excellent.  I would rate Tang Flavor as the best  Chinese restaurant, with respect to food quality and service, in town.  Lunch delivery is quick.  We usually receive delivery about 15-30 minutes after we placed the orders by phone!  While there are other restaurants offering similar menus are popping up left and right in town, Tang Flavor is the best run place if you care about organization, efficiency and service.
Ordered pork steamed dumplings, cheese wonton, orange chicken, and braised pork. Delivery took only 45 min. and we live 3 miles away from the restaurant. Everything was delicious and seemed to be cooked with fresh ingredients. Maybe a little too fresh as the braised pork had coarse pig hairs still on the skin. We will order from them again based in how delicious everything was but avoid the pork items.
We are giving Tang five stars. It's always good, consistently good! We have ordered the classics and they're excellent. Fresh food, tasty as well. Cheese wontons are not the best I've had but they kill my craving. Pepper steak comes with decent amount of beef, not overflowing with huge chunks of peppers and onions. Chicken with broccoli is divine. Broccoli is perfect consistency, not to hard, not soft and it's tasty. I can just eat that with the rice. We get shrimp rice and pork fried rice. The shrimp are a good size, good enough amount. We are always happy with food and service. The place is spotless. Across the street from us, we always get it to go. Our to go place for Chinese food definitely.
any deep fried food has old oil smell. disgusting. hot pots were better. the owner seems nice.
I just tried their weekend lunch special, and the quality of the food really blew me away. I've had plenty of Chinese-American dishes before in Syracuse, but Tang Flavor has set the bar. The sesame chicken and Szechuan beef were both very, very tender. Neither was too oily or salty, and it seems like their chef really knows what he's doing. Prices were great as well. Next time, I'll be sure to try the dishes from their authentic Szechuan menu. The ambiance of the restaurant is also really nice. It was pretty quiet, and the furniture and lighting is all very elegant. It'd be a good restaurant for date night.
Hands down the best Chinese in Syracuse.  They have a very extensive menu with reasonable prices. However, their delivery can be hit or miss. On a few occassions, I had 1.5 hour waits.
Another very authentic (not Americanized) Chinese.  Downtown central location should be great for all the new people moving into this now bustling area. I recommend ordering from the "Authentic" menu that is clearly labeled as such.
So glad to finally have a quality Asian restaurant in downtown Syracuse. So far every dish I've tried has been great and the express lunch is a nice deal. ($4.99 for rice or lo mien and one item.) Today I had Black Pepper Chicken. Tasty! Peppery and sweet at the same time. Friendly staff too. This is a nice place.
We ordered delivery from Tang Flavor via their website (convenient!), and were pleasantly surprised when a huge amount of tasty food arrived.  Service was pretty speedy - food was delivered within half an hour, and we ordered at 7 p.m. on a Saturday night.  Nothing was too greasy, and the price was appropriate.   I moved to Syracuse from Portland, Oregon, and let me tell you, this was better Chinese food than anything I had in Portland.  I was so glad that the dishes were not the typical "fried ball of stuff in sugar sauce" that you usually find at Chinese restaurants.  They even have some more adventurous offerings - pig ears and pork intestines.   The spicy eggplant contained a pleasant, back-of-your-throat kind of heat, as opposed to the sometimes-too-aggressive-burn-your-tongue-off variety.  Crispy duck was actually crisp, and came with an appropriate number of deliciously soft buns and scallion strips for the making of tiny duck sandwiches.  Dan-dan noodles left a little bit to be desired - we actually ended up stirring them into some of the leftover sauce from the spicy eggplant.  We also tried a pork sparerib dish that was very good.  All in all, I'd definitely recommend it, and look forward to making it part of my regular delivery rotation.
Maybe the best Chinese food in Syracuse .there is also a food express , it seems good too.
I love their lunch menu and food, but their delivery is currently taking over an hour and a half.
Excellent food, very fast and friendly service in a good atmosphere and a great location. Definitely worth your try.
Its a different look than what most of us are used to in cny, but it's delicious. The decor is awesome and the manager(s) have been nothing but nice.
Pretty good food for the area.... Lunch specials are cheap and plentiful..clean, and friendly staff
Our new favorite Chinese restaurant.  Their Kung Po Chicken was everyones favorite. Excellent String Beans also.
We went for dinner Monday evening right after their grand opening and decided to dive in head first with a whole peking duck. It was fantastic and I'm really looking forward to trying more dishes!
Food was good. But service was very very slow and the restaurant was not super clean. Bathroom was kind of dirty which is always a turn off.
