The joint was jumpin' though we were able to score a booth. This was a help given how loud the place is. It's also really dark. The live jazz trio was terrific although became background with all the noise, but lovely background. Our server (never got her name) was terrific, attentive without being obnoxious. The hot tomato oil is tasty, though our bread tasted a bit stale as though it sat sliced for a few hours before being served. The antipasto was delicious and fresh-tasting with a perfect amount of dressing. The pickled cauliflower was a nice touch, the meats and cheeses thinly sliced. My only wish would be a couple more artichoke hearts, a couple less pepperoncini. The big disappointment was the pesto pasta. The pesto was merely ok, but I'm spoiled, usually make my own. But with this restaurant's name, that the pasta is so thick, heavy and gummy is a real let down. Fresh homemade pasta should be light and silky. They'd be better off serving a good quality Italian dried pasta.
Stopped in here for drinks recently. We sat down and tried the Hot tomato oil (sauce), man that is some good stuff. Sweet, garlicy and spicy all in one bite. The accompanying bread was also good. I'd like to try this place for dinner some time, and perhaps bump it up to 4 stars. FYI - the sauce was so good, we took some to go! Don't miss out.
The spicy hot tomato oil was fantastic, and had I just had that it would've been a great night. We waited at the bar for our table, no big deal but the bartender was definitely less than friendly. No big deal at the time, and we were happily called to our table earlier than they estimated. And that's when it went downhill. It took the waitress almost 15 minutes to come to our table. She did bring the hot spicy tomato oil which was fantastic and I would've loved even more. When I finished my glass of wine from the bar she asked me if I'd like another. I agreed and never saw that glass of wine until it showed up on our bill. Additionally, when our food arrived my pasta was cold. She was nice enough about taking it back but somehow it took ten minutes for her to return with my pasta even though it was obviously microwaved. Ultimately the food was OK but the device really dragged the rating down. The place has a ton of potential but they really need to train their waitstaff better and work a little bit more on the food they're putting out.
I always really liked this restaurant. The service was always pretty good. Went for my friend's bachelorette party dinner, and they let us bring our own cake, even though it was an inappropriate shape... the food is really good, adn the restaurant even borders on the romantic at times, if you get a good table. Valentine's Day there is especially nice, as they tend to have a heart shaped dessert or two.
Everything was very tasty,  but the service was just meh. Our waitress was borderline rude.
Homemade pasta with pesto, bolognese, or carbonara are all excellent choices. Meatballs are average. Reason I'll go back is for the hot tomato oil and bread.
Hip Italian food in a city full of Italian Restaurants.  Pastabilities was one of the pioneers in the rebirth of the Syracuse downtown.  You cannot go wrong recommending this place to eat.  I can think of some other places that I would probably go first though.
Such good food! The only thing that takes this down from 5 stars to 4 is the spotty service. I've been here many times (the bread basket alone is worth going back for) and the food (namely the pasta) has never disappointed. Unfortunately the servers are very inconsistent... sometimes they are great but others practically nonexistent. This won't stop me from coming back for the pasta and bread though :-)
This place is great the first time you go. When you're new in town and looking for something in downtown. It's pasta. It's perfectly nice pasta, and they have a good bar, but really, you find this place advertised in flight magazines and tourist bureaus. It's *safe*.
After reconsidering and a few more visits, I have to give Pastabilities 5 stars - it's really just delicious food and always consistent.
I would give five stars but I only ever eat the spicy tomato oil so I can't really judge. Once my friends and I ate four whole plates and loaves of bread. Amazing.
I really like this place, although it's precariously teetering on the verge of lesser quality. While overall the pasta dishes are very good, I had to send my salad back for being tasteless and not well prepared. Stick with the pasta, beer and deserts and you should be fine. (Note, the Alfredo my friend got was a touch salty).
Went there last week for my birthday. We all loved our meals. Service was excellent and can't best the ambiance in the back courtyard. Always reliable. Will be back soon. To the earlier reviewer who recommends Little Italy-yes on Francesca's. Run don't walk far away from Asti's Caffee. You'll regret it if you eat there-just aweful.
Had family dinner here. Got a table pretty fast on a weekend night. Good food & drinks. Decent price. Overall nice place to have dinner in syracuse.
The olive oil and tomato dipping sauce with fresh bread that they bring you at the beginning of the meal is delectable. The fetucinni alfredo was good. It was a little pricey  but the meal is huge, so you could take home half and have dinner the next night.
The lasagna is pretty awesome. The wait is ridiculous so call ahead. I waited at the bar and ordered then a seat in the dining area became available.  Never has the bartender asked for my credit card when I ordered an entree and wine at the bar before my food arrived.  I asked to close out my tab (wine) to eat the table, but the bartender insisted that he would pass my card to the server. Backwards, but this is Syracuse.
My family and I love Pastabilities! They have great bread and dipping sauce! You do get free bread, but I would always order the garlic bread. They have a pretty extensive wine list and bar. I wouldn't say it is very authentic Italian food, but it is different and still very good. They change their menu around every season so you can always try something new.
It seems like a lot of the negatives being pointed out here have to do with the service.  I can't really say much about that, as I've only ever been here during lunch hours when it's cafeteria-style seating.  However, in terms of the food, I've always found it to be very good.  I get the Luna nearly every time I come here.  The sheer amount of (delicious) food you get for the money is absurd.
This is a favorite restaurant of mine; we ate outside on a beautiful Saturday night (9/18).  Service is exceptional and fun ambiance.  We had linguine w/clams and  pasta special.  Both good.  Salads were very tasty  and fresh.  This restaurant has a nice bar; both bar and food a a bit pricey, however.
Halibut is highly recommended. Calalmari as well
Fun; the dipping sauce for the bread is wonderful
I found the meatballs flavor-less. As in, what am I eating, it has no taste. The antipasto was served over iceberg lettuce and completely drenched in oil. The house tomato sauce over linguine was again, flavor-less.  The mushroom and rice soup was sent back due to tasting like it had been sitting all day. It's a great space, and my server was good. Too bad about the food flavor and quality. The hot tomato oil and bread is the only reason to go.
I love Pastabilities and have been coming here for years and years, even prior to the mainstreaming of "Hot Tom, " visits from Food Network and the notorious 2 hour wait. It is always good because this restaurant strives on consistency. The food is consistently delicious, but I have my favorites: homemade linguine with half hot tom oil and marinara and their antipasto salad are my tried and true top feasting options. Service can be occasionally devastating, particularly involving one brunette server but don't let her ruin your evening, there are plenty of competent servers that will make your dinner a fantastic one. Don't try and make your dinner an all night affair there, this establishment is high turnover, table camping is not acceptable and you will feel rushed once your meal is over. Dining at the bar is always a wise move if there are only a couple of us because the bartenders are some of the best in town. This is a great place that delivers on quality and consistency. Plus, you can't go wrong with a restaurant that actually makes their own bread and pasta unlike nearly every other "Italian" restaurant in Syracuse.
Had dinner at Pasts last night. Had the antipasto for 1 and 1/2 order of cheese bread with the hot tomato oil. It was delicious and way more food than I could eat. We shared a beautiful bottle of wine. The live music really made the dining experience quite lovely. Nice way to spend a Wednesday night.
Pasta is a different kick here.
Their SPICY HOT tomato oil is one of the few reasons not to hang yourself in the winter in the cuse ....
My wife and I have been wanting to go here for awhile now and since an angel from above offered to watch our kids, it seemed like a perfect opportunity for a date night. We went during a Friday night during the State Fair and we were amazed to walk in at 6:30 and be seated right away! The ambience is instantly cool with beautiful paintings and great music. It was dimly lit for a nice romantic evening which only added to the experience. We started things off with the calamari.....and what a surprise to see how much we got!! More than enough for two (we ended up taking some home)! It goes without says the hot tomato oil and stretch bread are simply amazing and worth the visit alone. I think we may have filled up on that a little too much. But I digress. My wife ordered the tortellini bake, which I sampled. The smoked Mozzarella is tremendous and the whole thing literally melts in your mouth. Great flavor! I had the Southwest Chicken Lasagna. Talk about an innovation! The Chipotle sauce was rich and flavorful, the chicken cooked just right and the combination is a piece of culinary artistry. Not sure who the head chef is here, but he certainly deserves some recognition for his work. I plan to go back to Pastabilities many, many times. Great job!
I found out about Pastabilties on an Diners,Drive-In ans Dives episode with Guy Fieri about a week before my family and I knew we were going to be in up state New York. So I had to go !! Mom and Pop place are right up my alley. I had the chicken riggies and my wife had their famous flat bread duck pizza !! We had never tasted anything like it anywhere . My step daughter had a cheeseburger, that weighed at least 5 lbs., she couldn't hold it straight in her hands .... The atmosphere was unique and they started dinner hour  at 4pm, by 4:30 pm the placed was jammed pack, the funny thing was it was only Monday and not the weekend, Many locals and visitors piled together, to enjoy a truly unique  experience. Prices are reasonable and wait staff was very friendly. Don't forget to go online and purchase their famous Spicy Hot Tomato dipping oil which comes with every meal and fresh bread , that is baked daily across the street !! I will return to Pastablities the next time in Syracuse.
I LOVE PASTA'S!  I have eaten here on a few occasions whenever I happen to be in Syracuse. I always make a point to stop by. Firstly, their Hot Tom sauce is sooo addicting. I'm glad that they've finally started bottling it so I can have it out on the west coast since, much to my dismay, Pasta's hasn't opened a location out there yet.  The sauce in combination with their stretch bread is ambrosia, I have to try hard not to spoil my meal by eating too much before I get my food. The service is always friendly and personable, starting from the moment you walk in the door. The atmosphere and decorations are fun and lively; the bar is an excellent place to waste some time. They always have a great selection of interesting beers on tap and a unique array of mixed drinks. I love the food! Last time I tried the shrimp scampi bruschetta appetizer, a departure from a traditional bruschetta it is served on a cake of polenta. The flavors and textures are awesome and unique: think bruschetta shrimp and grits. The calamari appetizer is bountiful and fried to golden perfection. Don't even get me started on the duck pizza! I love duck and this pizza is no let down. The crust is perfect and the juxtaposition of bing cherries and humboldt fog cheese is to die for. The short ribs were so tender and flavorful, no need for a knife the meat falls apart all on its own. It was great to see Pastabilities featured on Diners Driveins and Dives, more people need to know about this place! Definitely a place you need to check out if you are EVER in upstate NY.  I'll be waiting for a west coast location so I can eat here weekly :)
My favorite Syracuse restaurant!  I've never had anything less than excellent there, and I've tried everything from the menu staples like penne Bolognese to white pizza with caramelized onions and potato slices to southwestern chicken lasagna.  Yum!  They also have a very respectable beer and wine selection. I'm also a huge fan of the hot oil, like everyone else.  My favorite discovery this summer is that Pasta's Daily Bread has a stand at the Regional Market farmer's market on Saturday mornings, where you can buy stretch bread and hot oil! The servers are all friendly and knowledgeable. My only complaint with the service is that they don't take reservations except for large groups - I've waited an hour or more on a weekend.  I've had the best luck going on weeknights after 7:30.
Great place. They make their own bread and it is amazing. Try it with the spicy tomato oil, you will not be disappointed! The menu changes seasonally so there is always something new.
A must try. The spicy hot tomato oil is addicting whether you get it as an entree over linguini or just dip their fantastic bread in it.  If you are lucky and time it right I like sitting outside on the street on a nice summer night.
Guy Fieri was right, this place is great. Took us a long time to get in there but it was well worth it. Spicy tomato oil is the bomb, better than standard marinara by far. Fresh mozzarella appetizer looked good, even though I did not get it. Got linguine with the pesto sauce, awesome, and you can tell the pasta was freshly made. If you're in Syracuse, you gotta check this place out!
What can I say but it was awesome as always!  Gabby again made the evening.
I will be back to Pastabilities the next I visit Syracuse. Hopefully to have a great memory.
i have been going to this place since it opened in the 80's and it has always been, in my mind, a really delicious italian restaurant.  i mean yeah i am from syracuse, not a metropolitan center, but i also spent a semester studying in florence so i thought i was qualified to judge.  (hell i have never thought i was NOT qualified to judge everything if you want to get honest here.)  anyway this place was good and not just for a small city place.  it of course helps that i have memories of how it was this hip new place when it opened. i have not been back in years but i went the day after thanksgiving this year.  i was scared because i always want to go there and my friends are all like no we can't it isn't good anymore.  i don't care i want to run into some old boyfriend at the bar and have an awkward conversation, that's what coming home is for! so...bullsh*t!  it's stil really good. they have this crazy bread they serve with this tomato dip.  and the fresh pasta is the best i have had in years.  all chewy and aldente.  and the pasta sauces!  really good.  i had a salad with tuna on it because i am scared of getting fat but i tasted everyone's food and it was, as we say in socal, rad.  also we had a party of maybe 16 people?  and the service was fantastic.  never felt like where is that guy.  never waited.  and we came in all staggered every ten minutes and they didn't even care.  or get mad.  the only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because you have to be in syracuse to go there.  and if you try to go somewhere cool for a drink afterwards you might get a little depressed.
Exactly what the 2-star rating for Yelp says: Meh. I've experienced better. It's alright, especially in Syracuse, but I think there's better food to be found. So many Italian restaurants have such heavy pasta dishes, and they aren't anything to write home about. Maybe moving away to bigger cities with more options has made me think it's not as delicious as I probably did in high school.
Pastabilities in the little gem of Syracuse!  I've been going here since 1986, & try to stop in whenever I'm visiting my family who live iin Syracuse.  The food, service, decor is wonderful. Great sitting in the back patio.  Very romantic. Over the years have had the lamb shank, snapper, ribeye, calamari friti, salad of the month, antipasti - Great selection of items on the platter no matter what size you order, & have tried several pasta dishes. Very good selection of homemade pastas & sauces. Our favorite is the linquine w/white clam sauce. Delicious bread to start the meal. Great surprise when a few years back the owners opened for lunch. Great value in having a salad platter $8.00 with a pasta dish or pizza - The margarita is excellent. The manicotti is so light. Excellent selection of desserts, especially the chocolate ones. We always try out one of the specials. One of my favorites was having sea urchin fritters - Oh my!  Outstanding wine selection; wonderful cocktails.  Everyone at Pastabilities is very friendly, attentive, give great service.
Been here a few times and seemed to always get a good meal. Yes their dipping sauce is good and so is thier food. Has that trendy inner city vibe when eating there but if your your really looking for traditional italian, head over to the little Italy section of Syracuse.
fun restaurant, always busy, decent pasta.  i don't think it's anything amazing, but tasty yes.
Went there after seeing it on Diners Driveins and dives.  Fantastic.   The bread and spicy sauce was wonderful.  Duck bacon Issa was unbelievable and carbonara was great too.  We'll definitely go back
Pastabilities is fantastic! Place has an upscale atmosphere, the employees are very nice, just I have one problem, whenever the place gets busy on the weekends, your food doesn't seem to have the special attention it needs and overlooks some little features, for example i ordered fettucini alfredo with some chicken once, and was given hardly any chicken at all, and the sauce wasn't that appealing, but whenever i go there during the weekday, the place is delicious and amazing
Tuscan chicken and pesto were awesome.
Awesome pasta, get their house sauce. Perfect. Pizza is so so, salads sounded great. Great value overall.
My favorite place to eat in Syracuse, no matter what season it is. Unfortunately the highlight of the meal for me is the spicy oil sauce they serve with their bread. I say its unfortunate because I love it so much that my belly is stuffed with bread before my real food ever comes!! Many Italian restaurants serve Olive oil with bread. Here they mix their oil with a very spicy tomato sauce. Delicious. Their menu is small but an excellent variety. They have 4 or 5 items that they change up every 3 months or so, so it keeps things interesting. I love the pasta section of their menu because it is a la carte. You pick the type of pasta, type of sauce, and extras like meatballs or mushrooms. Price is moderate. My only complaint is that they usually have a 45 minute or longer wait, and they don't really have anywhere to hang, as the bar area is very small. When the weather is good you can hang outside, but, let's face it, how often is the weather in Syracuse good? :)
Great pasta. Amazing bread. The best I've had ANYWHERE.
Zero stars. What completely tasteless pastas my wife and I had. I cannot believe that people enjoy this greasy insult to pasta.
the spicy hot tomato oil they give out with their bread is SO GOOD!   and the fried calamari is crack.  prices are alright and service is a little slow, but overall a decent place.  the portions are huge, but the pasta is nothing special.
This place is delicious! I saw this place on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and had to try it. Now I come back here every time I am in Syracuse. The service is fast and the food is awesome! I love the chicken riggies and the duck bacon flatbread. The flatbread has some very complex flavors and the tart cherry is perfect on it. The chicken riggies are delicious and spicy. Also worth noting is the spicy tomato oil they bring out with the bread. I don't know how they make it, but I wish I did... I guess I will just have to keep buying  it from them (they sell it in jars). I highly recommended checking this place out!
Don't really get what all the hype is about here. The ambiance is certainly wonderful and trendy once you are seated, and the cocktails are nice, but the food didn't blow me away. Sure, it was tasty, but if this is the best Syracuse has to offer, then I am pretty disappointed. Still, it can be worth the wait for a pretty nice dinner out and simply for the hot tomato oil. The menu changes and is creative enough,  which also is why this is a 4 and not 3 star for me. We came here as a party of four at 6pm on a Saturday with a 45 min wait.  Instead of crowding by the door, we went across the street to Kitty Hoynes to grab a drink to pass the time. By the time we came back, it was nearly impossible to get to the server to check in again. Why doesn't this place take reservations? It's so popular, it doesn't make sense to not take them. It would solve the door problem and help the poor server taking down names as if we don't have computers that can do that for us. As a side note, why has Guy Fieri's horrible mug shown up at every major restaurant in Syracuse? You can't get away from him. Once we were seated, we were given bread and the hot tomato oil that everyone raves about. That was delicious and had bits of yummy garlic in there too. They offer the same thing as an appetizer on the menu, but I don't know why since it was given to us for free. The portions are large. I got the pasta bolognese, which was good, but needed some salt to give it more flavor. The dishes were surprisingly bland even though they looked impressive. The vodka pasta needed red pepper to spice it up a bit. The pizza was good. My favorite thing was really the hot tomato oil. If you don't mind the wait, I'd say this place is worth at least one visit.
If say this is a good choice for food and a fun meal. However, my pappardelle bolognese was a bit over cooked pasta, not toothsome enough. My wife's chicken rigatoni wicky wicky was too wicked spicy. My son's carbonara was quite good, but the waitress and I argued over the pasta description. It was said to be linguine, but when have you seen a 1/4" wide linguine... That's called fettuccine, which was also offered. Linguine is at most a football shaped spaghetti, perhaps 1/10" wide. Not a 1/4"! Best item tonight was the fall special: Apple-goat cheese-Parmesan salad with walnuts and an apple vinaigrette. That was delicious! I'd go back for more. The tomato hot oil sauce and bread starter is excellent and addictive. No doubt they've got a signature there. But our waitress clearly needed a bit more sensitivity training. She wanted to go home at 9:30pm. Sorry...
Not everything was amazing, but most of the things we ordered were great! The food here is as equally creative as their booths where you can rearrange magnetic poetry. It kept us well entertained while we waited for our apps. P.S. Lots of eye candy here to keep your eyes entertained as well ;)
In town for meetings & asked where the wonderful aroma was coming from was told the source so I checked into the Marriott Courtyard & walked on over A very warm & friendly hostess & a well-informed waitstaff recommended the ravoli which was robust & flavorful and of course the bread w/ their famous tomato hot oil was fab! Will def come back when I'm in Syracuse again!
Finally got a table here without any wait by going for an early dinner! Pastabilities, along with Dinosaur BBQ, is one of the most raved-about Syracuse spots, so the hubs and I knew we needed to go here. We ended up coming after a spa date. Right away we were served their famous stretch bread with hot tomato oil. I was surprised by the saucy consistency of the oil, and to me it tasted like tomato sauce with a little extra spice. Good but a little underwhelming after hearing it hyped up so much. Didn't stop us from finishing the whole basket of bread, though. I ordered the Bolognese while hubs ordered the Wicky-Wicky Chicken Riggies. The bolognese was solid - tasty with plenty of meat in the sauce. The portions were large but I powered through and managed to finish nearly all of my plate. The chicken riggies were SPICY - prompting a "wow, that's really spicy" from my hubs, who has a pretty high tolerance for heat. Despite his habit of scarfing his food down, he had to pace himself during this meal. All in all it's an nice place. Fairly traditional Italian fare though in my opinion not anything groundbreaking or notably unique. Nevertheless one of the best restaurants in Syracuse I have been to so far.
I wanted to try this place since we moved to Syracuse because of the rave reviews, but ended up being pretty disappointed. After numerous attempts of trying to eat there for dinner for two, but being told 1-1 1/2 hour waits, we came for lunch knowing it would be slower. Somehow, at 2pm, they're still packed, and we still had to wait 15 minutes in line, only to come upon their self-service and limited menu. I would imagine that since this place is always packed, they can afford to hire some servers for lunch. As far as the pasta went, it was okay (pasta wasn't cooked all the way). The sauces were good (pesto & hot tomato oil), but definitely get bread with your meals as the sauces are very watery and you'll have leftover. For lunch, it was a fair price for the fair meal, I walked away feeling average. I would like to come back for dinner, and just brave the wait as I think it would be worth the extra service and larger menu.
We were visiting family in Syracuse and had seen Pastabilities on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives and had to stop in. Parking is in the street, dont forget to pay the parking meters, we saw them giving tickets for unpaid meters. We ate lunch here around 1:00 and the wait wasn't bad at all. Being from out we were a bit confused at first- there was nobody greeting us at the door and nobody seating people. We saw a sign that said "lunch is self serve." We were still a little confused but after we found someone to get our questions answered we were good to go! We got in the cafeteria style line and when it was time to order, I asked the cook what his favorite dish is and he recommend the Hot Spicy Tomato Oil with fettucci noodles and a meatball- thank you!!! It was just amazing. Everything was fresh and flavorful.  That was one of the best meatballs I've ever had. The prices were really not bad at all amd everyone was friendly. We got to pick our own table and it was a pretty chill experience. I loved it and am sad to go back home where there is no Pastabilities.
Went twice recently with subpar results.  Ordered takeout one night - told it would take 20-25 minutes.  I show up 25 minutes later and end up having to wait at least 15 minutes. Fortunately, the chicken parm was excellent - and helped make up for this. Went again the next night for dinner.  Had the penne ala vodka with shrimp and scallops.  It was decent but nothing special.  Amazing how packed this place gets on a week night.
Best Italian in central NY no question.  Prices are very reasonable, however be prepared to wait even on weekdays esp if you have a large group. Service was on point, however dishes can take a while to come out if place is crowded. Food was delicious, very fresh.  Got pasta bolognese and it was on point, great tomato meat sauce.  Atmosphere is nice and casual. Def must try if you're in downtown syracuse.
Our experience was mediocre - kind of a touristy high school cafeteria with a bar.  I will say they do take some care preparing gluten free dishes - the GF pasta is cooked in a separate pot, etc.  But with the notable exception of a prawn & grits starter, which was exceptional, the sauces, preparation, pasta and presentation were dull and rushed.  Not much more to say on this one.
I'll be honest - the first time I went here, I had pretty terrible service. My mom and stepdad were visiting from out of town and I wanted to take them here because I had heard good things and they had a decent vegetarian selection (the rents are veg). It wasn't crazy busy there for my first visit, but our server disappeared for about a half hour when we were trying to pay the bill. Finally had to just track down someone else instead so we could pay and leave. The food was really really good and for that reason, I gave them another shot. I'm glad I did, because I have been back here many times and had many great experiences! The food is definitely out of the box thinking and the Hot Tom oil is to die for!! While living in the area, whenever I had visitors, I always tried to take them here for an authentic GOOD Syracuse meal! I'm glad the food was yummy enough to return, because this has turned into one of my favorite Syracuse area restaurants. Keep doing what you're doing!
Wow! Amazing food! Amazing service! We had to wait a few minutes but I see why. We ordered an appetizer and then two meals. Everything was amazing. Very fresh and HOT. I definitely look forward to returning if I'm ever back in town. I also had a few beers while I waited. 1911 was the brand. It's a local New York brand I guess?? Delicious! Keep up the great work!
Pastabilities is a must visit for the Syracuse, NY area. Typically, I like it at lunch time since there is a more chill atmosphere with a cafeteria-style line to get your food very fast. Then you can pick anywhere you'd like to sit. Of course, the best is the hot spicy tomato oil and I usually get it with penne. Along with that, I like to get their fruit salad to balance the spicy.
Excellent food.  I could eat the bread and spicy tomato oil all night.  The antipasto had a great combo of meats, cheeses, olives and veggies.  The pizza with duck/goat cheese/cherry goodness is worth a visit but try the meatballs!  They were seasoned perfectly and were fluffy.  I can't wait to go back and try more.
While this venue is decent if you come with a small group, this restaurant is a nightmare if you come with a larger group. On multiple occasions, when with a larger group, it took well over an hour and a half to get our meals, not including a wait that also took over an hour.   They tend to ignore larger parties while serving smaller tables quickly.   Basically, this restaurant is a decent place to share an intimate moment with a loved one, and not the venue to eat at to commemorate a momentous occasion.  If they want to fix this problem, they should allow larger parties to make a reservation in advance.
We were a loud "pain in the butt" party of 8. Eric was our server and he killed it. The food was terrific, duck bacon pizza... Whaaaaaaaaaaatttt. We will be back for sure.
Having eaten here plenty of times in the past, myself and my 2 dining companions knew what to expect at dinner last night. We were pleased with our experience, as always. They only take reservations for large parties, so a wait is to be expected. Last night, we were told our party of 3 would have a 45 minute wait. Only slightly surprising for a mid-week night, Pastabilities is almost always packed. The estimate was spot on and we were called for our table almost exactly 45 mins later. The restaurant now provides those waiting with a pager so that they may wander around The Armory. I am not certain of it's range, as we stuck nearby the restaurant, but these are a very welcome sight as the inside waiting area can become cramped. We ordered cocktails to start, a Sloe Gin Fizz, Margarita and Saratoga sparkling spring water. All came as described in the menu. We were presented with stretch bread and spicy tomato oil as always and had no problem receiving more bread when needed. Both are amazing, For dinner our table ordered the Lobster Ravioli (a summer menu item), Chicken Parmesan (also listed as a summer menu item, but I have never not seen it on the menu no matter the time of year) and the Broccoli, Walnuts, Garlic, Romano and Olive Oil Pasta. All items came as described in the menu and were enjoyed by the person who ordered it. The Chicken Parm was served as two gigantic chicken breasts and a side of pasta and offered enough leftovers to make another entire meal for the next day. I'll admit that the reasons for deducting a star are slight, but they do keep this from being a 5 star experience. To start it was very, very warm in the restaurant. We were seated near the open area of the kitchen and could feel the heat coming towards our table in waves. I do not know what solution could be offered to remedy this and it was only a bit of a nuisance. The second was the attitude of the hostess when asked whether they were seating people outside on this night. I expected that they were not as the weather was threatening rain and they do not have awnings to cover the tables, but the response I received was a curt no. I am sure the hostess had been asked this question multiple times this night and that would explain her rude response. Neither of these items would ever keep me from returning to Pastabilites.
Literally the best pasta I've ever had. The hot tomato oil is to die for and the stretch bread is perfect. I also love the blackened chicken. Lunch is my favorite. They have all the food out fresh and it take two minutes to be served. Wonderful all around.
Came for lunch on a weekday. It was pretty empty, so no problems getting service or a seat. Lunch is self service only, which we weren't expecting. The servers were decent.  I asked what he'd recommend, he said "everything's good." Ok...but that doesn't help. I had the pasta with bolognese sauce and a piece of bread for $8.10. Can't beat that price. They even gave extra sauce when I asked for it. I added red pepper flakes and it was perfect. The only problem was it was so watery. Maybe from the pasta. Whatever, it should have been drained better. Overall it was fine, I'm just not in a rush to go again.
amazing (especially the spicy hot tomato oil). Problem is it is so hard to get a table and they don't take reservations. This restaurant needs a bigger space to accommodate the demand. Great food, but the wait is insane even on work night.
I have to say that I'm impressed that a manager from Pastabilities went out of his way to find out what went wrong with my visits.  He convinced me to give the place another shot. I went in for dinner one night and had a significantly improved experience.  The food was good as it always is and the hostesses, bartenders and servers were all friendly.  Nice job!  I hope to have many more experiences like that at Pastas.
*Sigh* If only we had this place in New Orleans. Easily some of the best pasta I have ever tasted from a restaurant. Had to give this place five stars based on my meal alone. Ordered the wicky wicky rigatoni pasta with meatballs. AH-MA-ZING. Darn near perfect. Very spicy but that's why the dish is so delicious. And let's not forget about the tomato oil they bring out in the beginning. I will be taking a jar home with me.
The unforgettable, amazing, incomparable Pastabilities. This is a dining mecca of Central New York, and for all the right reasons. The food is phenomenal (and that is putting things lightly). That first bite of their world famous "spicy hot tomato oil" is unforgettable. Creamy, warm and so very spicy. I love every bit of it. The pasta on the other hand, is... heaven. "Wicky-Wicky Meatball Riggies" could be the best pasta dish in existence, and I defy anyone who says otherwise. Even simple pasta dishes like a spring Primavera is made in the highest quality of food preparation. I give a big hand to the Pastabilities staff for introducing us all to its awesomeness. It's an even better perk as an SU student. Go Orange! Go Pasta!
I thoroughly enjoyed this place! It's unique, has great food and a really cool atmosphere! The chef made really good suggestions and I really liked the fresh made pasta! The bread wasn't the best but I'm not a bread person! I really liked the word magnets on the walls!
Food was fine-- delicious red sauce. And I ordered vodka sauce, and wished for red sauce later. Good food but loud! Share a meal, everything is a large portion here and with the bread and a appetizer, you'll not need a full entree. We feel like blimps and I ate less than half of my dinner. Few, if any,  reviews really mention the noise. Had we known about it, we would have gone elsewhere. This place is loud! Maybe no one cares about the loudest soundtrack ever? We had to scream across the table and I just couldn't hear the person next to me either. The ceiling is high and the sound just carries throughout the place. Ugh. Also, there was also a 1 hour wait for a table. Not sure if they took orders this was not my plan-- rather another's. It was my first time here and possibly my last simply because I don't live near by. But maybe someone should track the decibels level if they read this review? Ouch.
I've eaten here twice so far. Both times the place was packed however I don't remember having to wait too long for a table. I truly believe that you can't go wrong with anything from this place. From the appetizers right up to the entrees it's all good. That hot tomato oil is a real addictive substance. I purchased a few jars for my mother and she loved it. This place never disappoints and if you don't have time to sit and eat just call the order in and within 30 minutes you can pick it up.
Spicy hot tomato Oil. Only spicy anything I will eat without hesitation. When my friend said this place makes a mean sauce called "Spicy Hot Tomato Oil" I said "ok. Sounds nice but no thanks". Spicy and Hot in one? Scares my taste buds. What the heck!  I'm being a tourist so why not try what the locals says is good. Ordered calamari with it. Hot dang! Made the calamari extra special, I wasn't even shy and finished that plate off. What's more is that I ordered my pasta with the same sauce. I know you'd think I overdid it. Nope! It was that good. Overdoing it would be going home to NYC with two bottles of this special sauce. Oh wait. I did that. Yum!
Ever since moving from Syracuse, there's nothing I miss more than the hot tomato oil. The wait wasn't all that bad and the chicken parm was yummy.
Years ago we found this place when we left the science museum with starving children.  I was wondering if it was still as good as I remembered.  The neighborhood has picked up with many other options.  We took a 15 minute stroll while we waited for a table and contemplated trying one of the other places, but when we got back a table was ready and waiting for us.  The staff was super friendly.  We sat in the back room, up a few stairs from the bar.  It was 8pm on a Tuesday, so the crowd was beginning to thin out, but still, it was very very noisy!  They should consider hanging some fabric from the ceiling or something to muffle to roar.  The walls are painted at chair rail height with magnetic paint and we amused ourselves assembling haikus as we awaited our food.  Well, the words and the tasty bread and tomato dipping oil.  My seasonal salad was excellent, perfectly dressed and the fresh blueberries were an excellent addition.  My husband's pasta was perfectly cooked but lacked salt.  The broccoli was freshly steamed.  It was a little bland.  Could have used some fresh lemon juice to brighten.  The mint chip brownie sundae was too big for us to finish! Next time we will try one of the other possibilities.  Share the wealth! Why was this place on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives?  It is not a diner and not a drive-in and certainly not a dive.  In fact, it is quite a trendy spot!
Most delicious meal in agesl.  It brought me back to Italy and my mother in law's cooking. Everything was fresh and full of flavor.  We had the Bolognese, the manicotti and the walnut pesto.  Dont forget to bring the hot spicy tomato oil home!
Are you kiddin me? GO!! Chose this spot for my birthday after eating here when I lived in the Cuse about 10 years ago. Accommodated my father and his wife in wheelchairs no problem, as well as my 2 year old in a high chair - no sweat. This is a great sign right off the bat, especially for a busy, chic downtown eatery. Other reviewers have nailed it re: spicy tomato sauce - it's amazing. Being a New Yorker, I'm skeptical of - well everything - but especially anyone claiming they have famous anything. Suffice to say we ordered a jar to go after the meal. And what a meal! Waiter, Eric, was a blast and nailed a recommendation for the pork chop. It was crispy yet juicy and sat on an incredible sweet potato purée. Finicky wife really enjoyed her papadelle bologonase (er, spelling?). Anyway - smash hit dinner that everyone was ranting about the next day!
Awesome experience. We were there late one April evening. The line was still long and the hostess said it's going to be 30-45 minutes. Guess what? Within 10 minutes we were seated. One in our party is gluten-intolerant and they were amazing in recommending not just the gluten-free pasta but also other gluten-free choices. The food was amazing, the portions are huge, and the staff super-friendly.
Love the hot tomato oil. Definitely a must do if you're in Syracuse. I always order the wicky wicky chicken riggies, with meat balls. If you can sit in the room to the right of the bar it's the best. It's much quieter and a great quaint setting. It's also a great place for dates if you can sit on the patio.
The first time we went here I was a bit discouraged by the soupy sauce. It was pretty obvious that the pasta wasn't drained well. We tried it a second time just to make sure. I got the walnut pesto linguini, it was great. Very flavorful and the pasta was drained properly. Been there several times since and have enjoyed  it thoroughly. We absolutely love love love the calamari appetizer. We've tried calamari from several places in town, and Pasta's is definitely the best...so far. The complimentary bread and spicy tomato oil is good too, but we always seem to get there when the bread has been out a beet. It's always cold and sometimes hard, which is a bad thing and really not how it should be, but it's not a deal breaker at this point. The service is great, and the wait staff are very friendly and attentive. Overall, not a bad experience, but there is definitely room for improvement.
The bread and spicy tomato oil is like putting heaven in your mouth. We bought two jars to bring home to Rochester with us. The carbonara was creamy, and the chunks of bacon were to die for. The portion size was easily that of 2 meals. Outstanding! My boyfriend was a professional chef for years. When he's impressed, that's saying something. My four cheese lasagna was fresh. You could taste the tomato in the sauce, no Prego here people. The portion was enough for two meals and it is easily the best lasagna I have ever had. The antipasto was delicious and the small sized portion was easily enough for three people to share as an appetizer. The price was amazing. We were stunned when we got the bill because it was so low. The quality of the meal was far better than what you would expect for the price. The service was flawless. My waiter was kind, could answer any question about the menu, and was on top of everything. The hostess was very polite, and on our way out the door several workers wished us a good day and say goodbye to us. I felt very welcome there. I could only imagine how good the desserts must be but alas, we were too full to even attempt it. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who is seeking a delicious meal. I know that we'll be back!
Absolutely great meal. Spicy tomato oil is awesome. It was my first time Gavin Chicken Riggies and they did no disappoint.
This place is beyond words! My husband and I tried to go a while ago, but the hour and a half wait time scared us off.  This time, we got there right when it opened, so no waiting for us! It looks very small when you first walk in. However, we were pleasantly surprised by the size. It's looks at first is very deceiving. Within minutes of being open, every table that we could see was full.  The artwork around the place is beautiful metal work. Then at most of the tables there are magnetic words to play with while you wait. There was no real waiting, so we didn't have time to make too many funny sayings.  The wait staff was so friendly and sweet. They were great with the recommendations and were very knowledgeable about the menu.    The start was fresh bread and their Spicy Hot Tomato Oil. It was heavenly. We knew if that was just what they place on the table then the rest of it was sure to be wonderful!  We were there while there were having a meatball special menu. You have to get the Bufflao chicken meatballs!!!  SOOOO yummy! It set the tone for the rest of the meal.  I had the lobster ravioli, while my husband had the Wicky Wicky Chicken Riggi. He was warned that it is spicy. The ravioli was amazing. I wanted to lick the bowl, but seeing as we were in public, that didn't happen (but I really wanted to!!  It was that good!!). Husband's dish was a bit spicy. I wouldn't have been able to eat the whole dish but a few bites were enough to give me the flavor. He did manage to eat the whole thing.  We had to give dessert a try at this point. He ordered a strawberry shortcake, while I had a Nutella brownie with ice cream. Both were incredible.    This place is WORTH the wait. I can't wait to go back and eat there again!!  Also, since going two weeks ago, I have bought the Spicy Hot Tomato Oil that they sell in Wegman's. YUM!!!
Yes, Triple-D induced us to visit. Wife and I drove about 30 minutes out of our way to get there for a late Monday lunch. What I didn't realize is that they serve lunch cafeteria style. No problem, though. The food tastes good enough to pass for made to order. My wife had a fancy green salad and I of course had to have the chicken riggies. (Hey, I don't name them, I just eat them.)  Prices were eminently reasonable, service fast and friendly. The pasta was cooked just right, and the sauce had a tasty combination of flavors that included  more heat than I was expecting -- but no problem, I like some heat. It seemed a bit short on chicken, but that may just have been the luck of the draw -- well, okay, of the serving spoon. I stole a bit of my wife's salad -- delicious. If they had a lunch place like this within close reach of where I work (not in NY State, sadly), I'd be a frequent customer.  If I'm ever within reach of Syracuse again, I'll be back.
This was a "must try" place while I was in Syracuse for work last week. First of all, LOVE the spicy tomato sauce and crusty bread they serve when you first sit down. My table of 6 immediately devoured the plate of sauce with our break. It was spicy, but not overbearing. We were only sad to hear another plate would cost us $4. boo. They pull you in with the free plate then charge you for additional ones. So not cool. I'm not a huge pasta fan (I know, what the heck was I doing at a pasta restaurant when I don't like pasta), so ordering was tough. I eventually decided on the Antipasto Salad when I saw the table next to me order it. I got the small size and it ended up being the perfect sized portion for dinner. The salad was more toppings than lettuce (just the way I like my salads!)  and I managed to polish off my portion without a problem.
Drove especially here after picking my daughter up at Ithaca. Not sure I understand any negative reviews as the place was great, the food excellent, the wait staff very friendly and the noise level just fine. Though I found the wiggies way too spicy the girls loved them. The bread & oil sauce was awesome as was the broccoli salad. They ran out of the duck pizza unfortunately but we'll just have to come back in September. Great root beer! Extra neat was seeing the owner eating - she was on the DDS show with Guy. Well worth a visit!
Great food if you have time to wait.  Get the flat bread pizza with the marinated duck.
Reunited and it feels so goood. Some background... Pastabilities was one of our favorite restaurants before my wife and I moved to the San Francisco Bay Area. We moved back to CNY this week and our first lunch stop was Pastabilities. They do everything right. Whether stopping in for the lunch line service or having a dinner with friends, we love the bread, pasta, sauces and service here. Really enjoyed seeing them on Triple D a few month back, it's great restaurants like this one who should be showcased on a national stage. Glad to be back close to Pasta's. Thanks for doing it all right.
Helloooooooo, spicy tomato oil, stretch bread, and blackberry sangria.  Food is excellent and delicious.  Drink menu is even better.  Some cons:  They don't take reservations, and they're always a wait.  Prices are a bit too expensive for the Syracuse area.  Ideal place for drinks & appetizers.
3 stars only because the bartender was fantastic.  Good selection of craft beers and tasty cocktails moderately priced.  Table of 10 for dinner took about an hour and a half for food to come.  Food ended up mediocre to good.  Riggies are super spicy but not a ton of flavor other than that. Tomato oil is however amazing!
I have a feeling this may be the only five stars I'll ever give to a Syracuse restaurant. Pastabilities has been a beacon of shining light in this desolate food desert of Central New York. I work in downtown Syracuse, so I've gone to Pastabilities or Pasta's Daily Bread (the restaurant's bakery across the street) many, many times. I've gone there many times for dinner as well. You have to get the right items -- some are whatevs, but if you get the right thing. Bingo. For lunch (11am - 3pm, if I remember correctly), Pastabilities has the most incredible lunch bar. Self-serve salad bar style and MUCH cheaper than dinnertime for the same food/portions. You can even get half-portions if the full portion is too much. If you're greedy like me, you can get several different food items and still pay a modest price. I'm the person who holds up the line doting on which thing to get, only to end up just getting it all. Here's a list of everything I've tried. - hot & spicy tomato oil pasta: Oh my goodness. This must be the most amazing pasta I've ever tried. If you go at dinnertime, you can get the hot & spicy tomato oil free with bread. I think I bought this at lunchtime every day for nearly a month. - basil pesto pasta: this was the first time I tried basil pesto, and it was good, but overwhelming after a few bites. No worries, because the good things make up for it. Enough to still give five stars. - various pizzas: I forget which ones I tried, but they're usually good. Nothing special but good. - calamari (only at dinnertime, I think): amazing. At Pasta's Daily Bread across the street is where I've lately been buying all my lunches. Their prices are slightly cheaper and they have a couple things the restaurant doesn't have. - soup of the day: always a surprise every day, but ALWAYS good. - veggie sandwich: normally I cringe at anything with the word "veggie" in the title, but oh my. This sandwich is so. so. good. It's a basil pesto + fresh basil leaf + tomato + fresh mozzarella sandwich. I love it. I can't wait to go buy my daily soup-of-the-day and veggie sandwich during lunch break tomorrow at work.
We drove by and the name caught our attention. Wonderful atmosphere, delicious pasta and great customer service! We came during a lunch rush and they just moved the line through very quickly and kept the orders in place too. Definitely plan on making this our lunch spot whenever visiting. Prices are decent as well. Oh- and decor was very entertaining.
Get here by 5pm on weekends!! I've never had a bad meal here! Just great fresh pasta and wonderful service!
The 1.5 hour wait was well worth it!  The bread and tomato oil was amazinggggg!! I could fill up on that alone! I ordered the pesto linguini which was great! Large portion that's great to share. My friend ordered the chicken riggies which was even better than mine! Perfect for Anyone who loves spicy food!
Definitely recommended! Good starters with fantastic sauce. I am not a big fan of pasta, so I ordered the taco. It just hit the spot!!
Pastabilities is a solid Italian restaurant. Some of their pastas are homemade (linguine, fettuccine), and most of their sauces are quite good. The bolognese and carbonara are always hits. The main reason to come to Pastabilities, though? The homemade stretch bread and hot tomato oil. If I could make a meal of this pre-dinner treat, I would. The price is okay; no salad provided with the pasta, but for around $6-8 you can add one to the meal. The wine selection is quite nice. For a nice meal on a night out, I would suggest this restaurant. It's not overly quiet, the atmosphere is dark and inviting, and the hot tomato oil will pull you into its sweet, spicy addiction.
This restaurant further solidifies my theory that food network programs over hypes and are probably being paid underneath the table to give a stellar review. Wait can be upwards of 3 hours long if you have a big party, we had 7. (they do not take reservations.) The hot tomato oil was good but definitely not worth the 2 hour wait. Bread was cold, it would be nice if the bread was warm atleast. I passed by where they stored the bread and they were all dumped in to a black carton labeled "prime ribs"...not really fond of having my bread stored in a carton that had raw meat in it. I ordered their homemade linguini with meatballs served with their "house sauce." I figured it's their house sauce, they can't mess it up. Food took forever to come out (40 minutes.) They messed it up. The pasta had water at the bottom and the sauce was even more disappointing. I'd rather have prego. The linguini was the biggest offense. It was very doughy...every bite reminded me of what play-doh might taste like. Prices were cheap, but quality and service definitely showed why.
Love their stretch bread and hot oil tomato sauce! I'm so happy they sell it to go! We use it as a holiday staple when we have family over.
WOW!! There's a reason Pastabilities has been featured so many times on TV!  The food here is absolutely incredible!!   I was practically drooling while reading the menu...everything looked so amazing!  While waiting to be seated, the entrees brought to other patrons looked and smelled wonderful, I just wanted to try it all! To start I had a very fruity and flavorful white sangria.  The hot spicy tomato oil served with the bread is unbelievably good.  There's a store across the restaurant that sells it by the jar- I immediately bought it the next day!  The jar's label has a picture of angel wings- and rightly so.   I had the meatball riggies for dinner- it was an amazing spicy penna alla vodka!!  If I could fall in love with food, it happened right there at the dinner table.  I've always liked meatballs, but Pastabilities truly maximized their potential for amazingness!  I had leftovers, and it felt like I had a little box of treasure to take home. If you're in town and don't go to Pastabilities...you're making a decision you'll soon regret!
PROS Bakery Fresh Stretch Bread & Spicy Hot Tomato Oil - bread was fresh and chewy, but not served warm (not a problem); oil had just enough heat to call it spicy, but wasn't overly seasoned; this complementary dish makes ordering another appetizer unnecessary; bought a couple jars of the oil to bring home Winter Sangria - surprisingly tasty with allspice, cinnamon, and mint "Wicky-Wicky" Chicken Riggies - another spectacular treatment of this Utica, NY tradition; addictingly spicy; chicken was a touch on the dry side, though Caramelized Banana Fosters Cheesecake - heavenly (literally); every bite just melted in my mouth, though the bananas on top were a bit rubbery Service - prompt and friendly CONS Baked Hot Tom Tortellini "Mac & Cheese" - good, but not great; cheese didn't have a special enough flavor Dark Chocolate Layer Cake - okay, but the cake was dry and the raspberry flavor wasn't prevalent enough Atmosphere - not particularly relaxing as it was very busy and, therefore, noisy
The bread and spicy tomato oil are good and the decor is cool.  I thought the pasta and calamari were just ok.
Being the pasta fanatic that I am I can never get enough of this place! Everything on the menu is amazing. The sauces are all delicious, the pasta is great, the meats are fabulous! The bread with hot tomato sauce they for you when you are waiting for your food is to die for! While the wait can be rather long during prime dining hours, since it is a rather small venue, it is always worth it.
I came here for an early dinner on Saturday with my sisters and left very happy and very full. Since we got there shortly after opening we were seated right away. Our waitress came up to us shortly after and took our drink orders and promptly brought them to us, even the drink from the bar came quickly. After a good amount of time, the waitress came back and took our orders. While we waited for our dinner, we were brought out some fresh bread with the spicy tomato sauce... It was sooo good. I like heat so to me it was not very spicy but to my sister who does not do spicy it was warm for her.  If you go through your sauce and would like extra, it is also considered an appetizer and you can get more. It seemed like it was perfect timing that after we finished our break & sauce, our meals came out. I order the blush vodka sauce with penne and chicken. The sauce was perfect and i fell in love. I had some chicken added to the meal and that was good however, it was just a little too charred for me. I like grilled but not charred. That was really the only downside of our entire meal. One of my sisters got sweet potato raviolis and the other also got vodka sauce but with a meatball. Dinner was very good, none of us had any left overs because we could not get enough.   We did not have any desserts -- we were too full after finishing our dinners but if they are anything like their pasta, they are delicious. The only thing that would keep me from going back to Pastabilities is parking. It is garage or street parking which can mean you may park far away. That is fine in the summer and spring but when it is 15 degrees out and you are walking 1/2 mile to dinner you may get a tad cranky. Overall, very good and if you love pasta this is a must to go to.
Pastabilities knows how to start a meal - with their homemade "stretch" bread and hot tomato oil. The bread is great: somehow, it's airy and dense and soft and chewy all at the same time. Unfortunately, the last two times that I've visited for dinner, it has been served cold - not even room temperature - but cold. As for the tomato oil, I usually avoid spicy food at all costs but this is too good not to dabble in. For an appetizer, I enjoyed the Fried Eggplant Stack. I will absolutely order this dish again! The eggplant was perfectly fried, the breading was crunchy and not too thick. The flavor combinations were just right - the ricotta and mozzarella cheeses were fresh and complimented by the simple house tomato sauce. The eggplant was followed by the Sonoma Caesar Salad, which was very good and a bit unique because it included sun dried tomatoes. For my entree, I chose the Tuscan Chicken. While the dish was enjoyable, I expected more complex flavor. It was mildly spicy (which was unexpected, this wasn't mentioned in the description). The white wine sauce was a nice alternative to other white sauces that are creamy and heavy. At times, the noise level in the restaurant is a little overwhelming, making it difficult to carry on a conversation. In my experience, the wait staff is not particularly friendly but they get the job done. Finally, a unique feature that we experienced on our most recent visit was the option to be alerted via text message when our table was ready. We were told that a table would be available within 45 minutes and after about 25, we received a message telling us to report to the hostess stand. We were promptly brought to our table - very neat!
As a student at Syracuse, all I kept hearing was that I had to try Pastabilities in Armory Square. I've gone about 3-4 times now and still don't understand why everyone loves this place. The service was mediocre, food was bland, and the food took forever to come out. The spicy tomato oil may be the one thing that I've enjoyed here. If you've had good Italian food, DON'T expect to find anything that great here.
I'll admit: my first experience at Pastabilities was terrible. And seeing that I'm giving it four stars, you might want to see what I have to say first before making any kind of unfair judgement based on Yelp reviews. Three years ago, I went to Pastabilities and ordered a pesto linguini. It was lukewarm, and very dry by the time it came to my table. Imagine what it was like to chew on dry, green paste by the end of the night. But a few weeks ago, I got smart and ordered one of their cheaper entrees-- a flatbread pizza. It was their only pizza. I actually don't remember what was on it. Apricot sauce? Carmelized onions? Something sweet, yet savory. Perfect combination. Seeing as that it was a "flatbread," I was surprised how unflat it was (a good thing, because girls love their dough). Well worth my money: a little under $10. Maybe the pesto was just a bad idea. My friend got a clam sauce one and she said that was dry too. Better luck with vodka sauce or marinara perhaps? Complimentary stretch bread is UH-mazing. I'd order more dipping sauce. It's to die for.
I was in town for 2 days for an interview and actually ended up eating 2 of my meals here! The flatbread pizza is amazing, a perfect sweet and savory mix of duck bacon with goat cheese, caramelized shallots and dried fruit of some kind. For the second meal, I had their monthly special salad (endive with some sort of kumquat balsamic vinaigrette, goat cheese, and asian pear) and a special appetizer with sausage made in-house.  And of course, their spicy tomato oil is amazing, however the bread I received on both nights was cold. The space is very nice, located right in Armory square. Though the restaurant was packed, it still had an intimate, romantic feel. The bar is a great place to eat, right next to the hustle-bustle of the kitchen and the bartender those 2 evenings was very efficient. The service left a bit to be desired. The hostess told us that a table for two would be 15min, so we perched at the bar which is directly in front of the hostess booth, checking periodically to see how much longer, and we ended up waiting about 40min for our table. Not anyone's fault I suppose. Our waiter took forever to refill water and took him about 45min to bring us food even though we ordered it right as we were seated. And I suppose the number one thing I was taught in foodservice was to bring the check and subsequent receipt quickly, which did not happen in a timely manner that evening. It's a good thing we didn't have any engagements after dinner that evening! All and all, if you're looking for authentic Italian, this probably isn't the place to go. However, if you're looking for a solid, tasty meal with fairly large portions, and nice romantic ambiance, this is definitely the place to be.
Came here for lunch and blah. Disliked the pasta salad with cheese and walnuts. Tried my friends pasta and the a la vodka sauce or who even knows.. it was spicy!! I was completely underwhelmed with lunch. I was expecting to be served. Just wasn't impressed. My friends assured me dinner is much better. But based on flavors alone it just didnt add up for me.
I've had better Italian from some Long Island pizza shops (I think I'm spoiled with that) this place was really talked up so I think my expectations were too high. I got the spinach and feta manicotti. You could not taste the feta what so ever I don't even think it was in there. All you could really taste was the load of melted mozzarella cheese on top. Don't get me wrong I love love cheese but this is the only thing I could taste. Prices were a little higher than I was use to seeing for primarily pasta dishes. If I'm back in cuse I don't think I'd return. The wait is a bit long too for a table. 3 stars for good service though ! Friendly waitress and glasses were full with water the whole time.
This place has a great atmosphere, but I don't get the hype. I mean I understand that the ambiance can really add excitement to your meal, but it won't change the way it tastes. The bread was good, the pasta and the cocktails were mediocre. We were seated in the back room, where it has about 1/4 the cool of the front but 4x the cold and the noise.
I had heard for a long time that Pastabilities was one of the best places to eat in Armory Square.  I finally got the chance to give it a try last week and must say that I was quite underwhelmed.   I'm not afraid to say that one of my favorite parts of any meal is the pre-dinner bread and dipping oil.  Pastabilities really shines here.  The hot tomato dipping oil is unique and has great flavor.  I didin't think the bread was any better or worse than I've had elsewhere...despite it being fresh from across the street.   The prices were steeper than I had anticipated, but in retrospect they fit prices for restaurants typical of Amory. Square.  The chicken parm I ordered was good - I really liked the ricotta cheese that was added to the traditional mozzarella.  The pasta that was served on the side was good as well.  Once again, nothing was overwhelming though.   Our server was attentive and they did a good job of keeping up with the refills of our water glasses.  The restaurant itself was kind of cramped, so there wasn't much room in between tables.  They do not split checks, so if you're in there with a large group you should come prepared.   I know my review isn't glowing, but I can see why some people really love Pastabilities.  I just think that you can do a little better in Armory for the same or for slightly less money.  The menu items were fairly standard and didn't get me excited to order.  The food was good but not great, and the atmosphere was so so - a little too crunched up for my taste.
Love this spot for lunch when in Cuse.  Quick & easy.  Pick your pasta, sauce and side if you wish.. drink and you're done.  all for about one dollar sign. Dinner on the other hand is fantastic... but a little expensive.  Think two dollar signs. Try the lunch first... and then pop back in for dinner on a weeknight (weekends are packed downtown!)
Everyone loves the hot tomato oil. There are other positives - one recent highlight: our awfully thoughtful server chased us down the block after I left my wallet on the table. And Pastabilities' lunch arrangement is pretty good. Still, something always seems missing. Carbonara that tastes like jarred alfredo sauce, not so great. It's a very pleasant atmosphere with one wildly popular food item and a bunch of things that hover in the decent-to-unremarkable range.
This would have been two stars, but I had to give an extra star just for the spicy tomato oil.  If I could rate the oil alone, it would earn five stars.  It's unique and absolutely delicious with the bread that comes with dinner or with an appetizer of garlic bread. The rest of the meal only warranted two stars.  I've never had such heavy, lumpy, slimy, tasteless homemade pasta.  It's supposed to be fresh?  It was like eating bad dumplings.  I had the linguine with the bolognese sauce, and both were bland.  Perhaps I just ordered the worst thing on the menu and everything else is stellar...I'm not sure, but the only thing that will bring me back is the hot tomato oil!
Absolutely awesome. The Spicy Hot Tomato Oil was worth the trip here. I stopped over during a drive to Rochester since I saw this restaurant featured on Diner, Drive-In's and Dives. You must stop in for a bite. Everything from the bread to the entrees is delicious.
Absolutely great meal. Spicy tomato oil is awesome. The lobster ravioli is excellent.
We braved Pastabilities last night for Valentine's Day. We got there at around 5:15pm and were told it would be an hour and a half wait so we put our name on the list. Apparently they only take reservations on Valentine's Day which was totally apparent because the hostess seemed to be having a difficult time making room for both the walk-ins and the reservations. I do give her a lot of credit, however, because she kept a cool and calm demeanor. We couldn't help but notice, however, that there was like 10 open tables that were open the whole time we were waiting. After waiting our hour and a half we were told it would be even longer because the reservations were going over the allotted time. We didn't really mind because we knew it would be the same anywhere. At one point they stopped taking names all together because they had only been through like 5 walk-in names in the hour and a half we were there. We ended up waiting a total of 2 and a half hours. The food was spectacular and totally worth the wait. The hot dipping sauce was super yummy and I found myself wanting more. My trout was cooked nicely and the sauce was really good. I was disappointed with my pasta because it was cooked way too tenderly, it was almost inedible. My desert was delicious and came with a cute Valentine's Day cookie. A couple recommendations: a restroom with another stall, a togo counter, and a better reservation system. Besides those minor details I would definitely return to eat here on a less busy night.
Best chicken riggies in syracuse... and that is tough to say in an area inundated with chicken riggies. Also, do yourself a favor and get the hot tomato oil.  Don't question me, I wouldn't lie to you.  I've been advised by a friend that the spaghetti and meatballs was excellent as well. Lunch is a self-serve style but it is all still incredibly fresh.  You will not regret this meal!
PASTA WASNT DRAINED, MADE SAUCE SOUPY We went on a wenesday evening on a hot and humid day and we stepped into a cool and not busy place. We even sat at the bar to have a cocktail before we asked to be seated. The bar tender is old and slow but my strawberry motijo was worth the wait. I say that ppl were starting to head in so we asked to be seated for 2, we were seated quickly. We are order our dinner and shortly after the hot tomato oil and bread come out which is alway good. Our dinners came out sooooo fast, which is why it leads me to believe that they didnt drain my pasta before placing it in the bowl and then put sauce on it. I couldnt even make the sauce stick to the pasta- it was just a soupy mess. When i called over to the waitress she offer more sauce...?? ok... so i just dumped to bowl of sauce on it and tried to make it work but i felt i wasnt getting the full flavor of the sauce. total let down, i will try again but will ask for my pasta drainned well.
I didn't even get to eat here, so I can't say much about the food, but I can say something about the rude hostess and our bad experience there. My mom called to make reservations on a Saturday night, which happened to be Valentine's Day, to celebrate my birthday. They said they weren't accepting any reservations. So, we got there early around 5:00-5:30PM and we were met with a huge crowd waiting to get seated. So we wait, and wait, and wait...then, my mom goes to ask the hostess how long the wait was, and the hostess snapped at her and said that some people had been here waiting way longer than us so it was going to be awhile. Then we also find out that you could indeed make reservations for that night, as they were taking people with reservations! Not sure if the hostess my mom called a few days earlier was confused or didn't know what was going on, but needless to say we left Pastabilities shortly thereafter and won't be returning there anytime soon.
Pastabilities is a nice little Italian place with a specialty for none other than...yours truly, EH THE OLD PASHTA HEH?! The place was PACKED. I went with my girlfriend on a Saturday evening, around 6:30. We had to wait an hour. However, the ambiance of the place is awesome, and the bar had some nice beers on tap. Seating was nice, intimate, and overall the waiting staff was efficient. The one thing that BLEW ME AWAY at Pastabilities was their appetizer dipping sauce. You get a huge bowl of bread with this pasta-sauce-like dipping dish... I'LL TELL YA -- ONE DIP CHANGED MY LIFE. The sauce was absolutely magnificent, and the meal that followed (obviously paste-centered) was also delicious.
Pastabilities is like a lot of other Italian restaurants I've been to - mediocre. It's 2 star food and service on the Yelp scale. However, I give them 3 because I do love their bread and tomato oil. Delicious. I would recommend you stop at their bakery across the street some time and grab a loaf of their stretch bread and a tub of their hot tomato oil. Good stuff. The restaurant on the other hand is just OK. The service here isn't great. For example, tonight, I was waiting at the bar. There was a bit of a wait, but I didn't mind. When we were called, I let the girlfriend go to the table while I cashed out. The only bartender at that point just disappeared and didn't reappear for a while, leaving me stranded at the bar and the girlfriend speculating with the waitress what the hold up was. When I did get back, I found that our table wasn't completely set so we were eating bread without any plates. It sounds picky but it's just little things you would expect from a place that looks the way they do. If it was Applebees or something similar it would be different. The food itself was OK. Utica greens were crunchy but it didn't have any hot peppers in it, just hot pepper flakes. Penne alla vodka was decent. Pasta was a little overcooked, but not bad. It was very filling. Its not a bad place. Fairly inexpensive. We had a dinner for two for under $40. It's worth a trip just for the bread and tomato oil.
5 silky delicious stars. ate here during lunch, which as you have read, or will, is the way to do it.  sure the cafeteria style is a bit slow and whatnot, but, i like the idea of 1/2 food thats just the same as dinner. the hot oil? didnt care for it, but my threshold of hot is timid, but my angel hair with vodka sauce was GOOD!  i added a meatball, that was better than the pasta!  throw in a few pieces of delightful crusty bread, and tada! nothing was left in the bowl, it disappeared. 10 bucks for a great lunch, beverage extra.
Good pasta restaurant and bar. Decent enough service. Expect to wait a while at peak hours for a table. Had the spaghetti with meatballs and wifey had vegetable lasagna and both were very good. Better than the warehouse of spaghetti near court street by a mile.
Pastabilities (or Pasta's - as the locals call it) is by far, hands down my favorite place to eat whenever I'm visiting family in Syracuse.  The restaurant's been around for quite some time now and, just like a fine wine, it has only gotten better with age.  I've lost count now of how many times I've been to Pasta's over the years but every experience I've had there has been exceptional. The food: Let's start with the bread because I'm that idiot who always fills up on bread before my actual food arrives.  But as Pasta's it's impossible not to.  The bread is always fresh, with a nice hard crust but perfectly soft, doughy inside.  And the dipping sauce!  That spicy hot tomato sauce is simply divine.  (I often buy tubs of it to bring home so I don't have to go months at a time without it...). I think by this point I've probably had every dish on the menu at least once and I can't remember  disliking any of them.  I like to stick to the pasta dishes (I mean, c'mon, the restaurant is called 'pasta's' for a reason...) and they are all phenomenal.  The pasta's home made, fresh, simply delicious. Service at the restaurant is always polite and friendly without being overbearing.  Every server I've had has been knowledgeable of the items on the menu and, when prompted, have provided good and accurate recommendations. Syracuse really should consider itself lucky to have Pastabilities, a restaurant that would surely thrive in NYC, Philly, LA, or any other big foodie town.  If you're ever in da cuse - going to Pasta's is A MUST!
I really enjoyed my recent visit.  They were cool seating a single diner on business.  My server was great, the food was generally good. Only minimal complaints.  Their spicy bread sauce wasn't very tasty.  In fact, they kill you with spice.  It would have been better to offer some alternatives, because the bread was good.  Also, I'd have preferred if the bread were served warm. For entree I had the chicken parm.  It came out way too hot, but once it cooled down it was very tasty, the chicken was very fresh and tender.  It was a great menu choice. I really liked this restaurant's take on Italian.  It wasn't the typical mom & pop Italian restaurant offerings, but instead a menu that had a lot of thought and work put into it.
4 stars, but VERY close to being 5 stars. Calamari is great! The spicy tomato oil is amazing, both with bread and on the pasta with cheese.  ORDER THIS! I only give it 4 stars because its not as student-friendly as other downtown places, and there is nowhere to park.
Where to start?! Beautiful atmosphere, best bread in Syracuse, the dipping sauce is insane! I come here all the time and I have never had a bad experience. The pasta and sauces are delicious the best is the oil, walnut,broccoli pasta. Always good drinks and a nice staff. I love love love it!
I wish I could give Pastabilities five stars. The atmosphere is great. The service is friendly. The bread from their own bakery across the street is addictive. The hot tomato oil they serve it with is unique and out of this world. Unfortunately, my whole family and I consistently find the dinner entrees here to be practically inedible. A little more effort in the kitchen and Pastabilities could rate five stars.
Not quite sure what the hype or excitement behind this restaurant is about.  It is kind of sad / funny when the best tasting item on the menu is the dipping sauce for the bread.   Don't get me wrong, the food here isn't bad nor am I trying to say that it isn't decent quality, there are just too many other restaurants in the area that I'd go to before I would choose Pastabilities. It probably wouldn't hurt this place to start having more eclectic italian items on the menu.   Honestly, you are probably better off going down to road to N. Salina street to have dinner at Asti's... unless you are just dying for choose from one of the fifteen pasta dishes at Pastabilities. Just another Syracuse establishment in Armory Square trying to give off a LES / East Village vibe but falling behind with the times. Saying this is the best restaurant in armory square isn't saying much with the lack of options to pick from.
Love their hot tomato oil with their bread!! I could just eat that for a meal! haha Their pastas are pretty good. I always get full halfway and have to take the rest home. My friend actually ordered ribs here and quite liked it! Not a bad place for a family dinner or an outing with friends. Its usually crowded but they seat you fairly quickly, much faster than at Dino BBq
The place does not take reservations and it was very busy when we arrived.   The hostess said 45 min for a party of 3.    We waited a the bar and had some drinks, about 35-40  minutes into our wait, we asked where were we on the list, she said, there is only one table in front of you.....so, we waited thinking it would be quick.    To our surprise about 6-7 groups (anywhere from 2, 3, 5, 6 people) were seated before us.    When we asked again, she said, there is THIS one table that is taking longer than expected.    I said, just give us the next open table! We ended up waiting for over an HOUR for a table on a Wed night.   Pasta seemed home made, good sauces, good bread, good dipping oil, but the experience with the hostess makes me not want to come back again. Food is one part of the experience....service and honest feedback to customers is equally important.
I went here for a birthday party. A decent size party.(9) They do not accept reservation and the host were fairly rude about the situation. We decided to explore the establishment anyway. We waited about 45-60 minutes on our table. And another 15 minutes to get our order in, the bread and sauce were very nice but I wish the bread was toasted. It took awhile for all the food to come out, I do like how restaurant brings individual dishes out first. It forces people to wait on others and just ruins the whole dining experience. I ordered the seabass and was expecting a wonderful meal. The dish came out and I was disappointed. The portion was tiny and it was floating on a bed of greens. It was more of a salad with a small peice of fish. And was supposed to be topped with crabmeat. A hockey puck of flour and I think crab was sitting on the plate next to the seabass. Presentation was poor but the flavors were enjoyable but I felt like I needed to stop at empire for a burger. And the server was not very attentive to our needs. I finished my first beer and wanted another one with my bass but never had the opportunity to. I guess the appearance of being a college student allowed us  to be neglected. She was fortunate for auto grat. I do love the scene that this restaurant creates. It reminds me of a small florence restaurant with its rustic decor. Would return to try their pasta and hopefully they will redeem themselves.
Read the reviews and thought it would be a lot better than it turned out. The food was bland at best and the value was definately not worth the price.
When I eat carbs, it better be worth it. This place was life changing!! Get there now!!
Where do you go to eat in syracuse???  this is a cute little college town so it was pretty deserted when we went.  we drove and walked downtown syracuse for over 30 min until we found a place OPEN with PEOPLE inside on a sunday! anyways, hungry; found this cute little place!  the service was great, the food was delicious.   i love thier concept that their menu changes every 2 months (except they say for the pasta remains the same). the place is very cute and cozy.  the bathroom was nicely painted and decorated. their tomato hot oil sauce is very good with their bread....i think the bread should've been freshly baked or at least warm. i recommend: for appetizer the shrimp and grits the main dish the spinach manicotti, yum the meatball was delicious i don't recommend the: "tomato hot oil " pasta it was nowhere near the flavor when we had it as an appetitzer.  the pasta sauce was more of the oil than the tomato sauce. we ordered the peanut butter cheesecake for dessert, it was good but I probably wouldn't order it again. overall I enjoyed my meal at this place.
This place is an absolute must-visit in Syracuse - one of the best restaurants in the city. The hot tomato oil, as everyone else has said, is to die for. I don't even LIKE spicy stuff, but I will sweat my ass off and deal with it for this oil. Just add some cheese to take away some of the bite and you're golden. My favorite here has always been the basil-walnut pesto with pine nuts. It's awesome, and it actually re-heats quite well as leftovers. The penne vodka is solid too. Minus one star for not taking reservations. I mean, I kind of get it, if they took reservations you'd never be able to get a table. But they don't take reservations for big parties on weekends, which makes it hard to plan anything there without building in a 2-hour wait time for a table. HOWEVER, if you go with a small group you can eat at the bar. Awesome when all you want is a Pasta's fix and don't necessarily require a table.
Mixed thoughts on the review for Pastabilities.  This restaurant has changed so much over the years.  We were visiting Syracuse and staying in Armory Square.  We wanted to visit at some point during our trip, as it has been years since we have been here.  We thought we'd try lunch. We walk in and realize there is no table service for lunch and it's counter service.  We found ourselves in a very long line so we ditched the counter service idea.  We then thought, let's try dinner.  They don't take reservations..no problem. We'll go put our name in and plan for a wait since this establishment is super busy.  We put our name and and were told an hour--and we waited an hour.  It was so nice, we waited outside. When we walked in to be seated, Yelpers indicate this establishment is 'good for kids.'  Um... no it's not.  We had our four year old with us.  We were seated at 7 PM on a Saturday night and it was a night club in there.  SO dark with music SO loud we couldn't even hold a conversation.  Our hotel was close by, so we ran back and got headphones for our son. We ordered our dinner.  It took a little while for the server to bring the complimentary bread and hot oil.  We asked for butter for our son for the bread--another 10 minutes as it wasn't readily available.  My husband and I both ordered penne with some modifications for our diet.  We both added portabella mushrooms.  We were a party of five. When the server brought our meals, they placed mine in front of me and said the mushrooms will be brought out on a separate plate.  Huh?  For whatever reason they were not ready with the rest of the meals, and someone made a decision to send a meal out half finished.  I understand why, but it's like delivering a pizza with no cheese and saying 'when it's ready, we'll bring it to you.'  If they forgot the mushrooms and didn't want the other meals to go bad, the best option would have been to just come talk to us.  So when they dropped my half finished meal, they noticed I was going to wait for my mushrooms.  Well why wouldn't I?  They manager came over with a new meal, and when I tried to explain that it was really a poor decision, he was not engaging or apologetic at all.  Fine.  We were grateful they comped our meal.  The dinner overall was okay.  We felt it was pricey.  $17 for penne with vegetables.   We will probably never visit again based on the overall experience (busy with no reservations, counter-service for lunch, loud, dark and not good for kids, and pricey).
So, after a friend suggested this place to me, I decided to try it out on a biz trip to Syracuse. It was well worth it. As mentioned in a bunch (all?) of the reviews, the bread and "Hot Tom(ato)" dipping sauce is fantastic. It is spicy, but not burn-your-lips-off, and is the perfect "setup" for your pasta dish. I like spicy, so I was a bit disappointed to not see an "arrabiata" sauce, but I talked to the bartender (Gary?), and got a bit of a special order set up (more on that in a sec). The funny thing is that he suggested the Hot Tom sauce over the pasta, and I explained that "a friend (Yelp) told me to steer clear of that." Well, he acted like I had told him his kids were ugly, so I knew he had some personal "buy in" for the place (turns out, he's been working there for 17 years). Anyway, I settled on a Hot Tom/Bolognese mix over whole wheat penne. It was pretty good. Nothing to call home about, but PDG. Topped off with a "Great Lakes Burning River Pale Ale", it was a solid 3.5-4 for food (5 for the dip), and a solid 4 for service (thanks, Gary).
Good, spicy calamari and fresh homemade pasta.  Definitely on the heavy side-- portions are huge and tasty.  Our service was terrible.  Don't know if that's the usual or not, but this guy was totally out of it. The best thing here by far is the bread and dipping sauce, so maybe just hit the bar and get some of that and an app.
Best place in town for lunch. Service is cafeteria-style: stand in line for your choice of a salad platter, homemade pasta, and daily specials. Their "stretch" bread is a local legend. Line can be long but moves fast. Go at 11:30 or 1:30 and avoid the rush completely. Great atmosphere indoors and outdoors. Don't miss the patio in back. I recommend the linguine with Spicy Hot Tomato Oil ("Hot Tom") or anything pesto, green salad with "everything" and creamy poppyseed dressing. And iced tea in the summer. Or if you feel like tasting, go for the three or four salad platter. The Thai Beef Salad is one of the best. You can eat well for under $10 in a pinch. The bar is nice. Dinner is fine but the food is underwhelming for the price. You're better off with pasta than the entrees. OK for vegetarians. Lunch: 5 stars. Dinner: 3 stars.
The food is decent here but nothing special.  Atmosphere is nice and very modern. Menu is not that big and choices are different than normal Italian restaurants. The best thing abt this joint is the Spicy Hot Tomato Oil.  The fresh bread they make across the street dipped in this tomato oil is one of my favorite things to eat.
great for lunch or dinner. the chicken riggies are killer. salads always good. outstanding meatballs. and the hot tomato oil and stretch bread is drop dead serious. go there!
So far it looks yummy? The duck bacon flat bread that I saw on triple D was awesome!!! Also I loved the homemade pasta what a treat in this town full of sub par food. The service was good. I would go back!!!
Had dinner last here last night with the missus. Arrived around 4:45 and had to wait about 20 minutes before being seated. The bar was open so not a big deal. Started with the Spicy Tomato Oil and what can I say that hasn't already been said. The stuff is amazing. I had the carbonara and it too was amazing. My salad before the meal was ok despite the enormous amount of shredded carrot on top of it. My wife had the Alfredo with sautéd seasonal vegetables, she enjoyed it very much. I personally thought it was a bit dry but the flavor was good. All in all a great meal. This is one of my favorite places in Syracuse.
Excellent food & drink. Lived up to all the hype as broadcasted by the Food Network. Would definitely recommend this restaurant as one of the best in Syracuse, NY.
If I had to describe Pastabilities in one word I would go with spectacular. The restaurant itself is very nice. As most restaurants serve bread and butter, Pastabilities makes their own spicy tomato oil to serve with freshly baked bread. The spicy tomato oil is out of this world. We could have made a meal out of the tomato oil and bread alone. For entrées, my girlfriend and I got shrimp with whole wheat pasta and vodka sauce on top. It was very tasty. I was disappointed in myself that I was so full I could not get any dessert. I easily give Pastabilities five stars.
It's OK, really.  Has a cool name and great atmosphere, but the food is average.  Do not get any fish here, i had it twice and it was terrible.  They need to make more home made pasta, with a name like theirs just about all the pasta should be home made IMO.   i've never had a great meal there. Always just average.
Casual, cool atmosphere.  Staff was friendly and provided excellent service. We loved the bread and tomato dipping sauce (the dipping oil is available for purchase to take home!). Interesting cocktail menu and decent wine list.  Better than average beer selection as well. I ordered the penne with vodka sauce with scallops. The pasta was cooked to perfection, the sauce was delicious and the scallops were the best I'd had in a long time. My husband ordered a pasta and meat sauce dish which he also thoroughly enjoyed. We didn't have time (or room) for dessert, but I plan on trying something next time.   Skip the chain restaurants at the mall and head downtown to Pastabilities the next time you are in Syracuse!
Went here a couple times while in Syracuse. Four star worthy, attributable almost entirely to the spicy hot tomato oil, which is addicting and lives up to its hype. Sweet, spicy and garlicky - it's the perfect trifecta. I want to dip everything in it. The carbonara is also really good, although very rich (I know, shocker).
I really enjoy the food at this place!  We came when up from the city visiting family, and my stepdad is a huge DDD fan, so we had to come to Pastabilities.  I was a little sad the chicken riggies was not vegetarian, as I tried a piece of the noodles far from the chicken and it was amazing.  super spicy and good.  I got the noodles with vodka sauce and loved them, and the best part is the free bread.  It is incredible dipped in the pasta and sauce, but for a tiny bit extra you can get the dipping sauce, which is apparently made with an enormous immersion blender.  It is very good and has a good spice to it!  Come for the food, because it is really great, I just wish there were more interesting vegetarian options!
Great pasta dishes. Amazing bread. Long wait, well worth it. Chicken Riggies Chicken parm spicy hot dipping oil nom
Tasty homemade food, irreproachable service and a relaxed atmosphere in trendy Armory Square; what's not to like?!
Their linguini with white clam sauce was dry and flavorless. I had to add salt and pepper. The dipping sauce for the bread was too oily for me. Long wait (1 hours) was not worth it at all.
A nice spot. During the day, there I cafeteria atmosphere, but at night it's a nice sit-down place. The bread and hot tomato oil are awesome. I have found service to be a bit spotty. For example, during my last visit, I ordered pasta with scallops, but when my waiter delivered the meal there were no scallops and he disappeared before I could remind him. I felt bad because my group received there food but wanted to wait to eat until we'd all been served. Overall, a nice place downtown.
I'd rather eat Maggiano's - The carbonara sauce here is great!
Really enjoy this restaurant...love the style of service and the quickness of getting your orders.  The staff if very helpful and accomodating.  Fun for mid size groups or just one on one.  Wish they had more seating though. Overall, great place and good food!
It has been awhile but a special thanks to Kathryn for taking great care of us.   Awesome!  The food was great !
Small portions for the price, but love their spicy hot tomato oil. Been there about 8 times and servers each time were not really friendly. I believe friendly serves makes a BIG difference.
First off I would like to say my wife and I never received our entrees. After we finished our calamari, which was served with a tomato dipping sauce (probably a pureed version of the "famous" tomato oil) we sat and waited for our food roughly 30 minutes. I ordered lamb, my wife ordered pasta. Luckily our kids ordered their food when we ordered our appetizer, so, their food came out early (which while we were waiting they kept asking us if we wanted some of their food to hold us over). After waiting we decided to cancel our entrees and leave the establishment, which I had to alert the bus person to grab our server so that we could pay our bill. So we pay, and the server proceeds to blame us for his negligence (he mistimed our courses). Being that he assumed that he was getting a horrible tip from our table, I left him 20% and wrote "Great!" on our bill (we did not pay for the entrees, which never made it to our table). Did a manager come and apologize or ask what the issue was? No. Service fail. Not only did they fail, they didn't care. You would think, with a name like Pastabilities this particular establishment would specialize in making wonderful bowls of of pasta, you would think. Compounded with the fact this mediocre eatery is located in Armory Square (the gentrified section of the downtown Syracuse, you know, supposedly populated with fine eateries and places to buy 300 dollar jeans), you would think Pastabilities would strive to be good at something. Service (especially horrible), Wine Selection, and Food (what actually made it to our table) was lacking in the most fundamental elements of food preparation and guest hospitality. Other reviews of this eatery seem to suggest that the tomato oil & bread (which the bread is made in house, and was good) is the shining beacon of culinary excellence, making the frantic search for a parking spot (Syracuse has horrible parking) and the pretentious, rustic, dim,  ex-brewpub atmosphere worth the price your paying for crappy versions of Italian cuisine. It wasn't. Why? Because tomato oil is extremely easy & ridiculously cheap to prepare. My two children ages 8 & 10 could make tomato oil and most likely it would be equally tasty.  My point is that Italian food, pasta, ain't that hard to do, and do well. It is very easy to get wrong, and get wrong this place does in spades.
My ultimate favorite restaurant in Syracuse! I still remember coming here for the first time and savoring their spicy tomato dip sauce 6 years ago. Why don't other restaurants have this as their bread dip??? SOOO delicious! I'm grateful I can buy a container of their tomato sauce across the street from their bakery (which by the way, also offers fantastic fresh bread loafs - my favorite is their cheesy type breads). I love everything about Pastabilities, great atmosphere, great drinks, and a wonderful time. I wonder if I'll ever find a comparable place like this in NYC...
Pastabilities was our first choice to dine at on our first night in Syracuse.  It had great reviews and we took advantage of that.  The place was hopping with people and a great atmosphere and ambiance.  We wanted a table/booth but there was a wait. We decided to sit at the bar.  Great experience!  Gary was super nice!  Drinks, bread, spicy tomato sauce, great service, awesome food made it all complete.  We had calamari as an appetizer, Oh, how delish was this.  I ordered the Spinach/Feta manicotti.  Heaven full of flavor.  I loved it.  My hubby got the Bolognese sauce on angel hair.  It was good as well. We just visited a second time for our anniversary and it was a great experience as well.  Colleen was great!  I had White Clam sauce on linguini.  It was good, but I found it to a bit bland.  Left overs and some of that spicy tomato sauce fixed it.  It was great.  Next time I will ask for some sauce on the side.  My hubby got the Pink sauce and loved it.  The Chocolate layered cake with coconut cream cheese icing was to die for. This is in our neighborhood, we love it and of course we will be back.
After living in Syracuse for 6 years my wife and I finally decided to try out the much hyped Pastabilities during Dining Week (feb'10) When we first arrived we were told we had an hour and half wait by the maitre-d.  Committed to eating at the restaurant, we ordered a round of drinks at the bar and waited.... 30 mins later the maitre-d seated us (a party of 6) as close to the kitchen as possible, at a table for 5 and asked us to squeeze! Once we explained our predicament, he quickly motioned to the wait staff to move us to a bigger table (another 10min wait). Once seated, our waiter was genuinely a great waiter, except for the fact that he was making out with some woman outside the restaurant, in between taking our orders, and we could watch the whole thing from one of the windows!  So he would take our order, go make out, and then come back in and serve them.  I don't even want to know where his hands might have been. Food was sub-par and I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone
Saw this place on DDD, have lived here for over a year and didn't know it existed. Great place. The tomato oil was good (great actually, but not like, life changing or worth obsessing over. But still very good). My gf got the spinach feta manacotti and loved it. I got the duck bacon pizza. Omg good haha (THAT was worth obsessing over). Sodas were free. The tomato oil was free. Good priced mixed drinks at bar. Will definitely be back to Pastas in the (near) future!
Great food, great atmosphere. Service is always great. Drinks are wonderful and the food is incredible. Strechy bread is perfect. If that was the only thing the restraunt  served it would still get at least 4 stars. Even the "free bread" is great and the spicy tomato sauce is great and I have not had anything like that anywhere else. The menu is always being changed and the food is consistently good. The chicken riggies are great.  I'm usually not a fan of salads but the  Cesar salad is easily the best I've ever had.
Overrated.  Mushy noodles, bland sauces, meh service. I have no idea why my friends like this place, but I suspect they just have no clue how good food can be.
hot oil. all i can say is awesome...........................................­...
Yummy homemade pasta and bread + Cute outdoor seating area  = great place to take the 'rents on Parents Weekend!
Great little restaurant.  Spicy Hot tomato oil with bread is delicious.  The Baked Spinach and Feta Manicotti is good, the Sonoma Cesar Salad is an excellent starter.   This is a very nice restaurant for a relaxed night out.
I'm in love with the Spicy Hot Tomato Oil...it tastes so good with the bread they serve. The only thing is that you usually hafta wait for a while for seating..but it's worth it. I had pasta w/ pink vodka sauce and I liked it. The atmosphere and decor are very nice too. I'd def visit again!!
While living and working in Syracuse, Pastabilities was easily my favorite restaurant.  It proved to be a quick, reliable lunch spot and a romantic, inviting dinner location. Lunch: Brilliantly, lunch works as a cafeteria style.  Grab a tray and move down the counter to place an order from the dishes listed on the gigantic whiteboard behind the chef.  Pastas with sauces, salads, pizza, (too big for its own good) luna stuffed pizza, or the special of the day.  The broccoli salad with bacon and raisins is exceptionally good.  Free bread that is baked fresh across the street is yours for the taking as you head towards the register.  The service is fast, the food is cooked properly, and within a few minutes you will be sitting with your friends, coworkers, or kindle and enjoying a great meal.  You even get to leave your tray on the table when you walk away.  The staff will take care of the trash for you.  Most meals will cost you less than $10.  No one leaves still hungry. Dinner: Choose between inside or outside (warmer months) to sit down and quickly have a plate of bread and a helping of their famous spicy hot tomato oil brought to your table to indulge in.  Be careful, you will find yourself using the bread as a kitchen sponge as you attempt to soak up as much oil as possible and ravenously chomp huge chunks of bread with each bite.  Do remember you have an entire meal left to eat.  Inside, the vibe is chic and the lights are dimmed low, causing all of the patrons to look beautiful for at least the upcoming meal.  The menu rotates with the seasons and offers original and quirky dishes that brighten up even the drab Syracuse winters.  I have had many of their offerings, and have never been disappointed by any.  Even the southwestern chicken lasagna retains the deliciousness expected of other dishes that contain the word "lasagna," albeit spicier.  While the plates are more expensive at dinner, I find the prices to be fair and well worth it for the experience and taste. But most days there is no need to worry about any of that.  Most days you should just arrive around 1:30 PM when the place is empty and order spicy hot on fettuccine and grab some bread.  It's a simple meal, but it could not be done any better.  You have to respect that.
This place is great for all! As mentioned in previous reviews the spicy tomato oil is to die for (and you can get it as your sauce on the pasta for dinner! Definitely recommend) My boyfriend and I went on a Friday night around 7pm and were seated immediately, apparently that doesn't happen much though so we must've gotten lucky. The interior is modern and spacious with a hip bar. They have word magnets at each table which leads to pre-dinner hilarity. Overall loved Pastabilites and will definitely be going back. Is a must try if in Syracuse.
Nice friendly service, full bar. Had the hot oil sauce and tortellini. Very accommodating as you put together your meal. Nice crowd.
