Ah, the infamous Mother's Cupboard. I first saw you on Man vs Food, and I never thought we would be reunited years later when I came to medical school. I was scared because it was my first time going to something so off-putting and ...small. But I figured maybe you had more to offer, like an amazing personality. I got the half-fritatta, and that's when I learned that you were a grower, and not a show-er. Your massive 4-pound package of homefries, eggs, peppers, sausage, pepperoni, and mozzarella cheese was almost too much for me to handle, but I took all of it like a champ. I learned you're all about the size rather than the finesse, as the taste of you was not as big as your portion. However, at just over $9, you were a cheap lay, and I call that a bargain. The best I ever had. ...THE BEST I EVER HAAAAAD.
Back for a game and some fun, I meet up with some friends and we head over... Never even knew about this place in college.... We waited for a while, ( we had a large table).... Huge Pancakes are amazing, I was able to get an extra egg for free (cooks mistake) and I left there not looking to eat until dinner...
Mother's Cupboard is a mecca of large portions in a very small package. The entire place probably fits 30 people. It's down-home friendly, the kind of place where people remember you when you return, and the prices are very affordable. Amy, our waitress on multiple trips, is incredibly friendly. On to the food: their giant pancakes are around $5-6, and the massive mountain of fritatta, their other signature dish, is around $8. My friend is a champion eater and he couldn't even finish half. It's a cooked mound of potatoes, peppers, sausage, pepperoni, and onions, all cooked in a lake of scrambled egg and topped with an order of toast. It's on the top because there is no way it would fit on the side of the plate. Finish it and you get a t-shirt and your picture on the wall. I often order the blueberry pancake -- just one is enough, I've never been able to finish it all -- and I top it off with whipped cream and strawberries. The only dish I've been able to finish in one sitting is called the "pig on a stick" omelet: it contains two sausage patties, pepperoni, and bacon, and tastes great with some hot sauce and a side of home fries. The only dish that has been disappointing is the Mexican omelet, it was made with a ton of canned salsa and was too watery to enjoy. Your best bet is to have everyone order something, because splitting a dish carries a plate charge, then get ready for leftovers. It's cash only, and the closest ATM is at Wegman's down the street. It took me years to finally visit this place because it's open early (5:30am) and closes in the afternoon (1:30pm), though it has quickly become one of my favorites.
WOW WEEE can we spell HUGE! big giant fluffy pancakes huge portion potatoes big omelet just good down home cooking with friendly waitress service this is a teeny tiny place not far off 81 and worth the trip I am still a few days later thinking about my food
Oh yeah, this is the quintessential old fashioned breakfast all day dive of a diner. But man is it good. The general theme here is size, which is BIG. The pancakes, omelettes, frittatas and pretty much everything else is bigger and cheaper than what anybody is used to. A great breakfast and brunch spot, highly recommended.
We stopped into Mother's while on a short weekend trip to Syracuse. This place would definitely quality as a dive which made it charming. Although, there is some room for improvement. The service was great and all of the staff were super friendly. They make everyone feel like family. I got a veggie omelet that was just ok. I wasn't a fan of the canned veggies and overall it was lacking in flavor. It also was a little runny for my taste. My husband got a sandwich of some kind, which he loved. The really great part were the potatoes. They are unlike any breakfast potato I have ever had. Great texture and full of a unique flavor. The portions are gigantic. We both couldn't eat even half of our dishes so it definitely is a great value!
Before Food Network's Man vs. Food, I couldn't imagine that the little red shack occupying a dilapidated parking lot on James Street was more than an abandoned trailer. The episode was a revelation; I couldn't help but check out the diner. The french toast (with cinnamon and sugar!) was unlike most diners because it was made with texas toast. The four thick and fluffy slices were delicious. I also enjoyed sides of bacon and scrambled eggs. I tried my fellow diner's banana pancake and enjoyed it so much that I plan on ordering it on my next visit. I also had a few bites of the frittata which was not especially unique but very good; I recommend adding ketchup or hot sauce. The service was friendly, efficient and accurate. Seating is limited but we were lucky enough to walk in at a time when there was no wait.
This place is the joint.  And that is exacly what it is, a joint.  So go in knowing that nd dont expect fine china.  Descriptions like hole in the wall do not have negative connotation.  In this respect its perfect.  I thought it was clean.  The portions are huge and very tasty.  I liked this place but dont go there on a diet.  :)
Huge portions, as other Yelpers have mentioned. Great for the price. It's a tiny little shack though, so it's cramped as all hell. You may have to wait. My home fries weren't cooked well enough, but I didn't think to ask for them well done. Good service though! The blueberry pancake (yes, singular) was enough for three of us (and then some) and was absolutely delicious. Fresh blueberries and just loads of delicious. I'm moving to Liverpool in about a week, so I'm sure my boyfriend and I will be frequenting the place quite often.
34 seats and 8 employees.  Tiny, crowded, a little slow, but worth it.  Very tasty Mexican Omelet that took up 100% of a 12" plate.  All for $8 n change.  Couldn't finish it.  Saw a pancake on the griddle that had to be 20" across.  With the size of the portions, they must be compensating for something.  Hopefully its the size of the parking lot.
The pancake is seriously good. The frittata is more like a scramble. The coffee is weak. Friendly service. Be prepared to smell like a diner for the rest of the day.
This place was awesome. I wasn't sure what to expect when we pulled into the parking lot. It's a little red trailer, that doesn't look big enough to be a breakfast joint, but trust me, it's worth it. It's very cozy and the service was awesome. Good came out quick and I was delicious. I would highly recommend this place for breakfast.
It's easy to miss this place- it's  pretty much a trailer on the side of the road. BUT, come early (it's tiny- I mean it's a literal trailer) and come hungry (the frittata was on an episode of Man v. Food, and the pancakes are the size of my torso). I've never had a bad meal here, and the waitresses are fantastic. I recommend trying the pancake as a side order between a party of 3 or 4- they're too good to pass up! But, so are the omelettes. And home fries.
I live just a few blocks from this place and for the first year we lived in the neighborhood we though it was a used car lot.  Just a tiny hut with a TON of cars in the parking lot.  When people come to visit we always take them here.  It is a great American greasy spoon.  They make pancakes the size of an entire dinner plate.  I challenge you to eat two!  They have a near impossible frittata food challenge.  Personally, I have never seen anybody finish a half order let alone a full one.  If you actually do plow through it they will put your picture on the wall. One important thing to remember is that they only take cash.  We learned that the hard way on our first visit.  There is a bank almost directly across the street if you need an ATM.
Finally made it! Everything that you order here is huge and filling. I ordered a typical breakfast (eggs, toast, bacon) and was left stuffed right away. Two of my friends ordered pancakes which were falling over the sides of the plate. Other friend took on the fritta challenge (six pounds!)- he made a dent into 4 pounds. Fun staff and quick food. Don't let the outside deter you.
I can not tell you how many times I ended up here in college.  We would stay up just to make the drive, eat and go to bed. The servers were amazing then.  The kind who call you "hun". Pancakes, while huge remain tasty.  The eggs & bacon is great for the price.  The only thing I didn't like on the menu was the Fritatta. Tip:  Lean your head against the wall and see how wavy the walls are.  Those steel bars in the ceiling are tension rods holding the whole place together.  Amazing.
Having a plain breakfast - coffee, eggs over medium, bacon, and wheat toast - and sitting at the counter.  Service was good as was the food.  Friendly staff.  Restrooms in the cellar.
Having a plain breakfast - coffee, eggs over medium, bacon, and wheat toast - and sitting at the counter.  Service was good as was the food.  Friendly staff.  Restrooms in the cellar.
"World Famous" They make pancakes the size of dinner plates! Literally the entire plate is one huge pancake. If you manage to finish two of these you get your picture put on the wall. It has novelty, a homely atmosphere and good prices. Worth a visit.
After college I was sharing an apartment with a friend from High School.  We must have ate breakfast every Saturday and Sunday.   This is the place to eat if you like big breakfasts.   The restaurant is not very big and is certainly nothing to look at.  However, it has been in this location since I was little.  I am actually surprised to found out that it is still around. When I was a regular at Mother's the cook used to working in a suit.  A nice 3 piece one.  Complete with a watch chain.  The guy was the breakfast master. Forget the pancakes and go for the frittata.  Just thinking about it makes my mouth water.
Very tiny hole in the wall, with VERY good, down home food. I recommend their home fries and the foot wide (yes, you read that correctly) chocolate chip pancake. Apparently, their frittata is the stuff legends are made of.
Love this place. Big portions and cheap prices. The wait is never as long as it seems.
I really do love this place. I foolishly tried to take down two banana pancakes this weekend. Big mistake. I got through half the stack and was full. They are too thick and too sweet. In order to preserve some diginity, I powered through another quarter of the stack just to say I finished more than half. That last quarter stack basically rendered me useless for the rest of the morning. Parking is still tight, which is compounded by people who seem to have issues with parking their cars. It's usually a good idea to get there before 9:30 if you can. Once 9:30 hits, you'll most likely be standing in the parking lot for a few minutes before you get a table. If you want to sit at the counter, which I recommend, you can sometimes shorten your wait. I thought it was funny that there were people outside and inside taking pictures of everything. Weird. I guess Man v Food has made this place super famous and picture-worthy. But you don't come for the scenery. You come for the delicious grub. I would be drooling right now, but I'm still full from those pancakes.
God this place is great. If you wanna have the best breakfast in Syracuse, look no further! Very homy very local and very friendly staff. Great quality of food plus huge portion! Good coffee! And definitely cheap, worth every penny.
Well...  There is a good amount of parking considering the size of the place(SMALL).  If it's remotely busy you'll be waiting outside. Here's a tip: You need to go in and make sure your name and the number in your party are on the pad at the register if you're waiting.  That wasn't at all clear.  We did get our name on the list, but ended up waiting outside for 45 minutes. Once we got inside they were apologetic about the wait.  Definitely a SMALL place, with coats we were mildly jammed into a corner. Food was great though. I had the inch thick, foot wide blueberry pancake with strawberries and whipped cream on top.  I made it halfway through.  My wife had the pig on a stick omellete with homefries which was also very good. Cash only.
I just ate a "Pig on a Stick" omelete from this place.  INCREDIBLE.  Sausage, pepperoni, bacon, and cheese.  And only 7 bucks!  Awesome reasonable low carb meal!  I almost gave them only 4 stars because they don't take credit card (cash only), but it was SO GOOD I couldn't bring myself to do so.  Next time I'm in Syracuse I WILL be back.
Everything here is huge, huge, huge, except for the venue, which is teeny tiny- literally a little red, unassuming trailer.  Parking is a bit tight, and If you're coming on a weekend, expect a wait, as this place seems to be a hit with both the locals and man v food tourists alike.  You'll definitely be getting more than you paid for (pancakes have a diameter of... I don't know, probably a foot or more?!) but the taste is just okay.  Stella's, near Liverpool, or Mom's diner in Westcott delivers more options (and more veggie friendly options). This is more personal pet peeve, but I dislike when you're forced to guiltily take home a huge portion of something that you can't possibly finish in the restaurant (and that you may end up throwing away at home anyway).  It seems a bit wasteful, but to each his own.   I just wish they'd offer a half-sized portion or something!  It'd still be more than enough! The service here is fast and friendly though, and the crowd varies from bright-eyed tourists to  families with their little kids to, of course, hung-over 'cuse students recovering from their nightly festivities.
This place was awesome!!  I had the Pig on a stick omelette, and it was delicious.  The place is a greasy spoon diner type place but it has charm.  I sat on a stool and watched the cook work his magic.  He was a machine, pumping out plate after plate of heaping portion deliciousness. The best part was the prices..very reasonable for what you get.
Well, they don't really pretend to use fresh ingredients or anything, but, you know, it's cheap, and it's good.  Cans of vegetables are openly visible, including canned peppers, which I had no clue even existed.  Girlfriend and I couldn't come close to splitting half of a frittata.  With one huge glass of orange juice, the total was 10.25.  This place is the exact opposite of most restaurants in bigger cities, where they don't give a shit how food tastes as long as the ingredients are locally sourced and organic.  Here, they don't care where there food comes from as long as it tastes good and they give you a shitload of it.  I can't pretend they'll serve you the meal of your life, but I dig it.
Baconburger was great. Service prompt. Real tight dining area, packed for lunch.
LOVE THE FOOD. Everything I've ever gotten has been amazing. I've been several times. I've gotten the pancakes, waffles, home fries, steak and eggs. And my husband has gotten the SOS, the half fritata and the macmother sandwich. But you'll have to get there early as there's limited space and gets crowded quickly.  We always take out of town guests there. I wouldn't recommend going before work because you'll need to shower to get the smell of awesomeness out of your hair and clothes. When I get the pancakes, just one is breakfast for three days!
humongo portions man versus food i get it and a show to boot! There really isn't much to do in Syracuse, but while I was there, I took a friends advice, and with my friends, we went HERE.  We almost missed the turn to this incognito murder's shack packed gravel parking lot on the side of the road.  Lucky for us, and all our love for Dexter, we did not miss this.  No, we did not.  And even though it looked like we might be waiting to get into this diamond in the rough, I walked straight in and claimed four bar stools.   Let the show begin.   The ambiance is essentially a more frightening windowless version of waffle house.  Before we ordered, my compatriots and I faced the cooks and watched in awe at the enormity of portions, the speed of delivery, and the amount of tattoos.  I am so going to regret this... but probably in a good way.   I got the 1.5 foot pancake with blueberries for 5 bucks.  It was hanging off the plate, and it was delicious.  It could have also probably been another two meals.  Unfortunately, I had to abandon it.  Looking down the line of food that everyone else received: omelets, eggs, toast, like 2lbs of fried potatoes.  It was good my friends.  It was good in the worst ways possible.   Don't miss this if you're in Syracuse, and FYI they close by 1:30 p.m.  Also, I didn't have it, but the MOTHEROFALLSANDWICHES looked amazing, and that is a regret I may never be able to undo.  Choose wisely my friends.  Choose wisely.
We tried Mothers because we saw it on Man V Food. None of us could even think of trying the fritatta challenge, although it looked like a teen boy behind us tried half of it and took the rest home. I had the veggie omelette and tried some homefries off of my husband's plate. The portions are huge, cheap and delicious. I couldn't finish it all. We went during the week, so there was no wait. The owner came over and asked if we saw the show. He said he hung up on them at first, when they originally called. Don't forget to use the bathroom, to get the full tour of the place. You have to be pretty limber to use it. If you are close and in need of breakfast, check it out.
Great food and customer service was great
Due to the high demand and small supply of seats at Mother's Cupboard, you may have to share a table with a couple of strangers on the weekend, which may make for an awkward situation if you're not into that type of thing...but it's worth it. When people say HUGE portions, they mean it. I had the half frittata and struggled mightily to eat even half of that. Cheap and delicious, that's the bottom line.
On our way to Canada we stopped here for breakfast. I Have to admit i was kind of scared when we pulled up. It Looked liked an old shack, but Its an old school diner .  We went in and was pleasantly surprised. It was well air conditioned and clean. The Food was so good i went with an omelet  with ham, onion, peppers and american cheese and ordered a side of home fries.  Portions are large sharing is recommended. Everything was reasonably priced and the waitress and cook were really nice ..
Ewww  icky,  gross, unpaved lot,  trailer restaurant.  Huge food portions do not make a restaurant good. The quality of my breakfast made my stomach turn.  To the people that give this five stars how dare you!!!  Disgusting health-food violations coupled with subpar food equals indigestion.
Well, I finally made it here. Everyone wrote about the pancakes but I had the S.O.S. (aka creamed chip beef), and it was very good and the home fries are awesome!
Ayup.... that's one large pancake!  But it's tasty, too!  I got mine with strawberries and whipped cream and got through about 2/3 of it.  Wife got 1/2 the fritatta, which was still a monster, and made a pretty good dent in it.  The portions here are more gigantic than I can usually handle, but the flavor and the atmosphere made it well worth the stop.  True, down home breakfast.
Great food, friendly staff. Coffee mug is NEVER empty.
Great breakfast food, humongous portions at excellent prices. Only drawback is how small and cramped it is. Expect a long wit on weekends, food quality and size justify the wait.
Huge portions and generally okay food. Huge size of pancakes is offset by their so-so quality. But eggs, home fries, frittatas and such are good.  It's a bit dingy and doesn't look so clean on the inside and the coffee is abysmal. But it is a local institution and worth a visit every now and then.
Passing thru the area. Stopped in for breakfast. Vegetable Omelette and Home Fries - OFF THE HOOK!!!!  Atmosphere was typical breakfast diner. Food was great.
This place is great! Super nice people and great food. They close at 1:30 every day. When I asked her if they really close at 1:30 today with the line out the door she said " if we did not have a set time to close we would never go home!". That says it all right there. Keep them wanting more, families over 5 might wait a while. Seating is limited.
We stopped in for breakfast and enjoyed the biggest pancakes we've ever seen--as big as the plate!! So big, the bacon was served on top!  We also enjoyed some French Toast and home fries.  Not much in ambiance, but if you're looking for a good and hearty breakfast, this is the place to eat!!  (Note: only serves margarine, so if you are a butter purist, best to ask for your pancakes and French toast dry.)
This place is amazing. Seriously one of my favorite restaurants of all time. It looks like a little hole in the wall from the outside, and the inside is tiny with some tables and an open cooking area. The pancakes, omelettes, and home fries are the best I have ever had. The portions are huge, the bill is small, and the people are friendly. :)
Samantha Rocks!  She took great care of us. Great meal this morning. The coffee was great and the turkey bacon was perfect. I can't wait to go again!
My favorite diner in new york. Great prices and the food is the bomb. Service is fast I've sat down and been served my food in ten minutes. Waitresses are always quick to refill coffee. Seriously you cannot go wrong if you choose mothers cupboard. Satisfaction every visit.
This place is the bes place to get breakfast in syracuse. PERIOD!  the only downside is that it is a bit small/tight inside and it is not good for groups over 5
The greatest breakfast...ever!
Excellent food. Can't really recommend anything in particular because I've never had a bad meal here. Omelette, fritatta, pancakes...all to die for. Prices are amazing. Waitstaff is great. No complaints at all. Don't come here looking for anything other than hole-in-the-wall ambience cause you're not going to get it!
Wow what a cool little place. Ladies and gentleman the man on the grill can cook I left him his own tip the food is all superb!
Best breakfast spot in Syracuse. Only downfall is it should be open all day.
The food was great, the service was fantastic and like everyone else mentioned the portions are HUGE and cheap! My only complaint is that it is very very loud. If your looking for a relaxing sunday breakfast, I would skip this place. It was so loud and hectic it was hard to enjoy without feeling rushed and anxious and on top of that they had Nirvana on the radio,  I think we'll do take out next time!
Portions are huge. Prices are good and food good. Had the1/2 portion of the frittata and could not eat only about a 1/4 of it. The wife had eggs and bacon and a side pancake that was the size of a 10 inch plate.
That frittata..... is humongous. There is no other way to say it. As a fan of Man vs. food, I was obligated to try this place out and it did not disappoint. A whole frittata is roughly $13 and it is quite literally 6 lbs of food. They also have other choices of omelets, and sandwiches and pancakes. Thus far, I have only had their frittata and pig-on-stick omelet and I have to say both are very nicely done. Mother's really is the epitome of what a diner should be: great quality food at reasonable prices with very friendly service and staff.
The food was amazing so you should go but the rules are a little strange. If you order something without onions or peppers they charge you more money because they have to add other stuff if you ask to have stuff removed. That's crazy! Other than that you should check it out. Update, Received an email from Mother's Cupboard and she assured me this was a mistake and to come back in and they would make it right.
Despite living in Syracuse my whole life and driving by this place countless times, I hadn't ever been to Mothers until yesterday. We had to wait for a table, because it was Sunday, but we were seated quickly - in the smallest corner possible. My friend and I were literally elbow to elbow at the table, and I'm still not sure how we were able to fit with our plates, glasses, and napkin box all sitting there. I ordered the French toast with berries and cream, and it was good! They use thick Italian bread, and it's cooked with cinnamon and sugar, which is hard to taste after it cools down. You get three slices, but after two I was plenty full. I'm glad I finally went, but I probably won't return. The food was good enough, but it wasn't out of this world - or really any cheaper than most other diners - and it's just too cramped of a space for my taste.
Three words: Have the pancake. You will definitely not be disappointed. Warning: it's huge and delicious. Side effects include: feeling full, wanting to go back for consecutive breakfasts, tipping insanely more than you're used to. Enjoy.
All I had was the frittata(1/2), and that is all I needed. If you're looking for a foodnetwork breakfast place in SYR, and you only have one shot, I'd go with this over Funk N Waffles. Helpful friendly service, huge portions, but quality stuff! That half frittata must have weighed in at 3#'s! I finished it, but would have not been able to take another bite of anything after doing so. One of many things that is horrible about traveling for work is eating way more food than any human being should consume in a day. This was one of those days I accomplished that by 830am!
What can I say but this place is where I want to start my Father's Day!  I have one name to share and that name is SAM!  What better way then to be taken great care of then having Sam greet you with a smile and say to us it's been awhile and she was wondering when she would see us again. The aroma from the grill is overwhelmingly wonderful. The great place for breakfast. So thank you Sam for making it great for me and my bride. Hector
We stopped here on our way home from an awesome week end in Niagra Falls. We had such a positive experience here and a big thank you to fellow yelpers for accurate reviews. The staff and customers here were very friendly and super helpful. Ok, the portions here are HUGE! My boyfriend and I shared  the banana pancakes, I had scrambled eggs, toast w/home fries; he had the "pig on a stick" which is an omelette filled with sausage, bacon and pepperoni. We had so much left over! The prices are fair. Be prepared to leave smelling like fried food. It's a very small diner. I recommend that you arrive before 11am if you would like a shorter wait time. It is the quintessential dive/diner.
used to come here all the time when i came home from college in the 80s...loveeee their french toast and the coffee is good too!!! Now its a short walk from where my husband and i live in eastwood :)
The pancakes were huge and outstanding.  One is plenty!  The home fries were perfect as well. A must visit when in Syracuse!
First thing, bring cash, they don't take credit cards. Second thing, bring your appetite!! The frittata is absolutely huge, and the Half order is plenty to split!  If you like a little bit of everything, then order the frittata. You are guaranteed not to leave hungry!! Can't wait to go again when I'm in the area!
What a place!  Small room and plenty of food and coffee.  We love it here, even when we smell like bacon by the time we leave. ;0)  Some waiting at times, but is not that bad.  Service is always great and food its always good, and plenty.  The ladies are always very attentive and Samantha rocks!!!! Best service!!  We are fans and will continue to visit. Bring on the coffee, we love it, too!!
I got to see the cook wipe his face and nose with his hand then continue to make food grabbing cheese to melt in my omelette with his bare hands yum! Then I have to listen to the waitresses discuss their relationship and life drama in a place so small you have no choice but to listen to their mindless chatter and non sense. This place is wratchet. There are to many other great diners and restaurants to waste your time here!
The best dive breakfast you can have anywhere in the US. Mother's cupboard was once featured on the show "Man vs Food" in which their frittata defeated the host. The amount of food you get here is downright ludicrous. Pancakes? Literally a foot across. Frittata? Literally six inches high on a huge plate. Plus it's all delicious. For a building that looks like it's going to fall apart at any second the food here is fantastic. More than what you would expect from a divey joint like this. One of the most impressive things is how friendly the staff is. At the counter you're sitting maybe 26 inches from the grill and cooks who will chat with you and the servers are super attentive. I mean it's kind of hard to miss people when your establishment seats 20 on a good day. Overall I absolutely love Mother's Cupboard. It's good enough that there's often a wait to get breakfast. But believe me, it's worth the wait.
This. Place. Rules. Let's make a list of reasons why: 1. Everything is delicious. Personally, I had the Pig on a Stick omelette (bacon, sausage, pepperoni AND cheese), and it was the creamiest, meatiest, fattest thing you could ever want. 2. Everything is cheap. The Mother of All Sandwiches costs $4.15. The most expensive thing on the menu is the Whole Frittata coming in at $9.45, and you get your freaking picture on the wall if you finish it. 3. The wall is full of pictures of people holding up empty plates because they finished the Whole. (I must say, eating that thing might be why some of them look the way they do.) 4. Everyone that works here is a sweetheart. We came in around 1 pm, asking if they were still seating folks (they close at 1:30), and they welcomed us. And the two parties that came in after us as well. 5. Although omelettes don't come with home fries, you'll still get to eat them because everything else comes with a 1/2 pound of these deliciously crispy delights, and no one in their right mind needs that much potato as a side. 6. They've embraced the unhealthiness. There's a rule board when you walk in that insists you finish your meal because there are starving people in Europe. There is also a cemetery directly outside the door, which may or may not be filled with folks that exclusively ate here. Mother's Cupboard is the greasiest of spoons, and I love it.
That review down below that describes the potatoes being out in the open on the path to the bathroom, true!  We just were at this place this morning and it was nasty!  Not sure if the other reviews here are from people that have never eaten at a real restaurant... yuck!  People were friendly though....
Really excellent food! Footling pancakes, specialty egg dishes, and awesome fried potatoes. The coffee was great and the atmosphere was cozy. The service was a little slow mainly because our server kept stopping to chat with an apparent old friend of hers. Overall, my second favorite breakfast joint in Syracuse.
This place looks like the smallest little dump you have ever seen from the outside. This place looks like the smallest little dump you have ever seen from the inside too. The food was very good. I got a blueberry pancake, egg, homefries, english muffin, and bacon. The pancake would have been enough food. The blueberries where everywhere and evenly distributed. The cook had an eye for detail which was appreciated. Everything was cooked perfectly. If you are very hungry and looking for decent food at a great price then give Mothers Cupboard a shot; you will not be disappointed.
We heard this was the place to go for a great breakfast and they were right.  Friendly staff,huge portions and great price. If we are ever in the area again we will be sure to stop by for another great breakfast.
Your typical simple neighborhood diner! Mother's Cupboard was busy before the Man V. Food episode came out but it's gotten even busier since then. On a typical weekend morning expect a 15min- 1 hour and 30min wait depending on the time. You really can't do breakfast any better then a giant pancake, a simple omelet, or some hash browns with bacon. The prices here are pretty good right between cheap and expensive for breakfast and you can expect to leave full for around $5-7. I usually get the fretta which is a pretty good mush of random yummies (in my opinion a great hangover cure with some coffee). It's a small shack in the middle of nowhere with really tight seating so don't expect to be walking into a Michelin star restaurant but if you're looking for a good home cooked breakfast then this is the place to be!!
Food was amazing, the cook definitely knows what he's doing. And you get so much food for paying so little! we got there right before they were closing which was our bad but one thing that I didn't appreciate was all the servers sat down at the table right behind us and completely forgot that we were still there and using completely inappropriate language. So it was uncomfortable having to interrupt their meal so that we could get our bill and a to go box. But the food was so good and cheap I think we'll be back but just won't expect great service. I'd give the food 4 stars but the service 1 star.
My sister has been trying to take me to this place for over the months now. Every time we tried on the weekends, the wait was a ridiculous 45 min to an hour. We finally decided to try it in a Monday morning. Apparently that was the best time to go as there was no wait My sister got the chocolate chip pancakes. The pancake is a foot long and was yummy. Of course, I had to help her. Alas, we did not finish.   I ordered the two eggs and home fries with cheese. They forgot to put the cheese on my eggs. The portion of home fries could feed 3 people. The service was exceptional. We had three waitresses frequently refilling our coffee cups and as soon as I told one of them that my eggs hasn't been cooked the way I ordered it, she apologized for not ensuring it was correct before she gave them to me and she promptly informed me that she would have another one made  We were on a schedule so I declined a reorder and she took the eggs off the charges. Overall, a good experience. We would eat here again but only on a week day when the wait isn't out the door.
Just left this place. Totally gross. Nastiest breakfast ever. Had steak and eggs. Totally overcooked. Far too tough to eat. Scrambled eggs were overcooked. Restaurant was filthy. Muddy unpaved parking lot. Peeled potatoes sitting out (at room temperature) in the area that people travel to to go down to the bathroom. Just totally overrated and hyped. Not exaggerating when I say worse breakfast ever. So wish I had home to Cracker Barrel.
Gigantic amount of food, sweet services, dirt cheap.   The whole restaurant is housed in a trailer, sits on a hilly parking lot off a non-descriptive stretch of the road.  But the often oversubscribed parking lot and the waiting line out the door let you know that you are approaching a happening place.   The pancakes are excellent, light and fluffy and stretches over 1 foot in diametre.  It's a struggle to finish one.  Oh, did I mention that will set you back $4.95? The massive mountain of frittata is, uh, more quantity than taste.  It's rather bland unless you self-season it with hot sauce.  But the fun part is to watch someone trying to finish the "whole" thing for a T-shirt and a photo on the wall.  The slim guy sitting next to us managed to do just that! It's a quirkily charming place, not to be missed if you are in the area.
