Great craft beer selection; beer list even has them organized by type. Was really surprised by menu. Panini's, sandwiches, quesadillas and salads. Kimchi?! Impressive. Diverse. Of course there's sports on the TV's. However there's also cute little nooks booths. All around great bar and food. Recommend!
Avoid this place! There's no table service and when I ordered wine from their weak wine list it tasted like battery acid and cloves. The owner refused to replace the wine and went as far as to taste it himself and declare that it was fine. Yuck. His lack of taste does explain why the wine list is horrible.
Very good, not a gastropub but that was going by urbanspoon. Great sandwiches and beer selection it is a little loud but the ambient noise is bearable. The watermelon beer was great!
Great atmosphere and friendly bartenders.  On this particular visit, our bartender always offered us a taster so that we could make sure that we liked the beer before we ordered a glass.  There were plenty of brews to choose from. The sandwiches are great too.  Fiance said the pulled pork with kimchee was great, and I really liked the croissant with lobster.  They were not stingy with the lobster either.  Delicious food. The staff is also very attentive, they seem to always be around right as you finish your beer so empty glasses never stay on the table for long.   Love this place. Will definitely be returning to this cool place.
Yeah, the food ordering process is a little googly. And the Tusk is crowded at peak times. But they have good beer and occasionally great food (I'm looking at you, Pigs in Zen). Crowds aside, it's a better bar than any other in the Armory. Not exactly high praise, but they do some things really well.
I was not impressed.   My recent visit was for lunch for my hubby's birthday since he is a beer snob, and they have a good selection on tap.  For food, I had the Mediterranean veggie wrap.  The vegetables (roasted red peppers, sun-dried tomatoes, basil, onions, and banana peppers) tasted sour and pickled, and the wrap was tiny!   The only option for sides were potato salad and chips.  Point off for no fries!  We also shared the chips and salsa.   I have honestly had better salsa out of a jar bought at the supermarket.  (In fact, I'm fairly certain, the salsa we were served was "Tostitos" brand)  None of the food was restaurant, cafe, or even good bar food quality.   The only reason I give Blue Tusk two stars is because they have my favorite Belgian fruit beer on tap, Lambic Framboise, and the service is pretty good.  Overall, not a place I would suggest as a top choice for food or drinks.
Nice decor, kind of upscale-looking for a place where you put your food order in at the bar and pick it up yourself when it's ready. Some of the seating areas were cozy and semi-private, definitely appealing for an early evening date night. Nice, varied menu with unique choices. Had a delicious glass of white wine (The Four Graces Pinot Blanc) and an equally delicious sandwich (Bangkok Pig) with pulled pork, kimchi, and cilantro. Unfortunately, they did not taste as fantastic together. No fault of the establishment though as I paired them myself. Whoops!
They usually have two or three kinds of hard cider available... And I just friggin adore hard cider. Sandwiches and charcuterie are also available and usually very very tasty!
No wonder this place is ranked top 100 places to grab a beer. Great variety of beers on tap and great food as well.  The sandwiches are legit. Service is good, and delivers great all around experience to enjoy great beer. These guys know how to pour a real one.
Stopped by The Blue Tusk last week during an afternoon in Armory Square with my boyfriend and his aunt and uncle.  Caught part of a Yankees game and enjoyed a couple beers (for the guys) and dirty martinis (for the ladies) in this fun bar. Ample indoor and outdoor seating, though I can imagine this place packs in a crowd on weekend nights.  Lots of wood and stuff to look at; some booths with filigree wood cut-out detailing are particularly interesting. Food menu looks pretty good, and all the more reason to sample the food during our next trip to Syracuse:  I noticed that The Blue Tusk is on Restaurant.com! A little story.  Our table got into a discussion about the price mark-up of cheap domestic beer at ballparks over the years.  At one point a bartender behind the bar called out to us, "You know, some of those beers are a lot more expensive than you think!" as he walked further down the bar.  Huh, excuse me?  It was then that my boyfriend's uncle came to the conclusion that the bartender thought we had been talking about the premium draft beer that the guys were currently drinking!  We called the bartender over to the table to explain ourselves and all had a good laugh. Cool bar.  I believe I'd come here often if I lived in the area.
Haven't had the food, but the beer is great and it's one of my favorite places in Armory. The crowd is less rowdy than Suds, the corner bar, Daisy Duke's, PJ's etc. but still definitely fun. I think a lot of the beers (although really good) are on the pricey side for Armory. Fun tip: ask for the Mystery Beer. It changes all the time and it's always $4 for a pint. :)
Tuna sandwich to go should not take 45mins. And the line of people waiting for their food or canceling their orders because of the wait didn't think it was cute either. Tuna sandwich should not taste like poo. Yours did. Die.
My favorite reason to drop by The Blue Tusk is for lunch (although it's also one of my regular bar hopping spots on the weekend). The atmosphere is very relaxed and has a great pub feel with its dark furnishings. One of its best features are the floor to ceiling windows that look out on the streets of Armory Square. Most recently, I visited on a Wednesday afternoon. There was a moderate crowd dining in. There is no table service at Tusk; personally, I don't mind one bit. After waiting our turn (just a few minutes after browsing the menu and making up our minds) my dining partner and I ordered. I chose one of the soup specials: lobster bisque and The Tusk panini. I was hoping to order macaroni and cheese instead of the soup (I've had it before and it was delicious) but it's a special and isn't always available. After ordering, we took a seat at a table in the back and waited about 10 minutes for our order. The panini was good (grilled chicken breast, havarti cheese, roasted red peppers, and bistro sauce grilled on herb focaccia) but have had better at The Blue Tusk. The bread was fresh and pressed to perfection but I expected more from the bistro sauce and other ingredients. I was also disappointed by the bisque. It was too smooth and creamy for me and lacked flavor. Overall, the meal was a bit bland - which was very unexpected because I'm used to enjoying delicious sandwiches/soups at The Blue Tusk. Next time I'll go back to my usual - the Chicken Cordon Bleu panini (which has a nice kick thanks to the dijon mustard) and hope the mac and cheese is available.
Meh- I've experienced better. That's the best way I can describe the Tusk. There is a decent bar with a wide beer selection and even a few ciders which makes me happy. So if you're coming here to sit on the patio and just have a drink, then it's fine. If you come for the food, be prepared for another story. Everything on the menu is mediocre at best and the price is absolutely ridiculous. Lunch quality is slightly better, but you'll still pay $8 for a sandwich and that won't include anything else- not even a bag of chips. The atmosphere is mixed. The crowd is that weird mix of late 20's to early 30's business people and then a few random over 40's divorced people trying to hit on the younger crowd. I believe someone referred to the crowd as "douchey" and I'd agree that's accurate. Personally I'd head over to Empire, Limerick or Al's if you want a good cocktail and a much less pretentious atmosphere.
This place is pretty cool.   I'll list my pluses first: great (big!) selection of wine and beer.  Really cool interior, definitely digging the stone tables and ornate moldings all around.  Coolest by far are the tiny little booths; makes it feel like you're in your own little world.  The food was good, I wished I'd ordered a portabella-and-goat-cheese quesadilla like my date had- the one bite I got of it is enough that I'm still thinking about it today!   Now for the minuses: there is no wait service, so ordering is kind of an ordeal.  Ordering food and beverages takes place at two different places.  You get a little pager for when your food is ready.  The place would be pretty classy if these things would be changed.   Lastly, it's a little expensive for my grad student budget, but I'll be back every now and then as a nice treat.  And, of course, the location is nice- Armory square is a pretty quaint little district with all kinds of character stashed around in nooks and crannies. To Sum Up: I'll be back, 'cause I dug the place.
Great place to enjoy a pint or two, or three with friends in downtown Syracuse, NY. We were enjoying beverages, but saw the food coming out and it looked great. Local family has enjoyed both meals and noshes here and raves about the food. The decor is an upscale pub feel, really gorgeous granite and marble in the bar, tables and accents around the seating areas. We bellied up to the bar for our pints and then moseyed to a booth to hang out. Enjoyed a nice afternoon here, really great selection of beers on tap. Nice mix of locally produced microbrews, national microbrews and larger brands. There is something for everyone here.
GREAT beer selection. Friendly staff. Good crowd. Good tunes. Really, this place could not have been much better. I will definitely return. Side note: they even had a HUGE wine selection, for a bar, and offered Plump Jack at one time -- that's a rarity. They also have DUVEL ON TAP. Wow!!!
Good environment.  Amazing selection of beers on tap- including Youngs Double Chocolate Stout.  Has a decent amount of outdoor seating. Beers on tap are priced more like bottles of beer (roughly $6 for the beers I saw) but they are more exotic, and aren't totally unreasonable.
This place gets really busy on a Saturday afternoon. That may have something to do with their happy hour. The grilled panini really hit the spot and everything about the long list of beers they had on tap is true. But they also have some nice champagnes and wines.
I LOVE The Blue Tusk, the only thing I don't love is they are not open on Sunday's, but if i were still in the restaurant biz and I worked here I would love not working on Sunday. The owner must be cool as hell. Every time I come to this place the one thing I notice the most is how friendly and efficient the bartenders are.  They are good at what they do, they take their job seriously and it shows. Oh, and i love the fact that the Jameson is in an upside down pour thing just like in Ireland.
Outstanding and well selected craft beers served by craft beer lovers. Food is OK. Prices are a little high and the place is frequently too crowded to enjoy, and for good reason.
Fun bar atmosphere with a mix of seating: outdoor, bar, large tables, booths.  I like the variety in the menu and the food was tasty.   We tried the crab chowder and a quesadilla with goat cheese, portabello, and red pepper.  Quesadilla was great, crab chowder was ok.
I always turned up my nose at my mom when she mentioned Blue Tusk. What, a real beer bar? in SYRACUSE? This New Year's I finally sucked up my craft beer elitism and checked BT out. Wow, it's so good I'd actually consider living in Syracuse! They have something crazy like 40 taps and the beer selection is amazing! I enjoyed my comfort beer, Founder's Breakfast Stout, but they also had beauties from Southern Tier, Firestone, St. Bernardus, Bear Republic, and many more! They maintain a list of what's on tap online. The bartenders were helpful and unpretentious. They let my mom sample a few brews so she could drink her favorite. My only qualm were the prices. Yes, I am used to paying more for craft beer, but $6-7 in Syracuse? This isn't Manhattan! The inside is tastefully decorated and I like how they have a hanging bar lining the entire perimeter so that when it gets really crowded you can still find a spot to put your drink down for a minute. Hands down, best bar in Downtown. Really looking forward to being home again so I can come back to Blue Tusk. It gives me hope that Syracuse may thrive again someday.
Honestly, the first night i was in town I turned away from this place given the look of the crowd (some people may like a packed bar, i see it as a red flag).  But after a recommendation from the personnel at my site in the area, I had to try it. Sitting at the bar, I was a bit put off by the amount of people ordering Stella when there are at least 68 other beers on tap that are better (they have 69 on tap, by the way).  Oh and to the guy that ordered Absolute razz and sprite and asked if it was a girly drink, well... yes, yes it is.   That goes the same for the 2 guys in 3 piece suits ordering stout with Cherry wheat (chocolate covered cherry I think they were calling it).  Come on, Man...? Sorry, now down to business... Had great Apps and the beer selection was excellent (being  from Denver, that says A LOT)... The meatball sliders were excellent.  The bartenders were great, very engaging and Fun to chat with.  If you live in the this area, have never been to Denver and are an IPA fan, try the Deviant Dale's, you will not be disappointed.   Had a great evening... Thanks!
If you like a wide selection of great beers and wines, supported by a simple but yummy menu, then you need to get yourself to the Blue Tusk. Oh, and I want to be sure to mention the Bonsai Beef panini. Oh my! I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. Tusk is great on so many levels. Its atmosphere is casual, cool and friendly; the music is excellent; the clientele is diverse; and you feel at home whether you are 21 or 61. In nice weather, the outdoor seating can't be beat and encourages conversation between tables and between diners/drinkers and passersby. When my husband - a beer lover - and I - a wine lover - go out, nine times out of ten, we are heading to the Tusk. It never gets old. It just keeps getting better.
Delicious food, delicious beer. Tables are confusing, ordering still more perplexing. It was crowded and when we found a table it was dirty. Nobody came to clean it, so after waiting a bit we just sat down and sent one of the party off to order. The thing is, busboys (I think) were wandering around so we thought it was table service and the ordering counter was for takeout. Could have been more clearly labeled. It was just...hectic and weird. BUT I appreciate that you aren't obligated to pay tip! You pick up your own food.  It's much cheaper for the guests, and that meat and cheese platter we got was pretty baller. So was the chili. And the beer. Yum. Now that I know how to navigate this place, next time I visit Syracuse (my bf's there) I'd definitely come back.
This is a good place. I like to hit a restaurant for lunch on my first visit, which is what I did today. Really glad that I did. A couple of samples before I settled on a pint of the Impaled Ale IPA, which was just great. I ordered a sandwich - some beef, onions, peppers thing that was quite good. I think there was some mayo or something on it, but who cares? This place is all about the beer. They've got 69 tap lines, including lots of locally-brewed ones, Sam Adams and, of course, the run of the mill Bud Brigade. I had seen a few yelpings that spoke about having to order your food in one place and your drink in another, no table service - and how this is a bad thing. I disagree. I think this set up really can work in your favor. if you want a few pints, hit the bar. Taking a lunch break so you don't want any beer? Over to the food counter you go. Street parking only, smoking allowed if you sit outside. Go. Drink beer. Enjoy.
One of my favorite (if not #1) places in Syracuse to stop and get a beer. They have a great selection of beers on tap and if you're lucky, you can snag a table outside and enjoy a Syracuse summer night. I may have eaten here once before but it was so long ago that I probably can't accurately comment on it. But the food is not why I come here. It's just a great Syracuse hang out spot.
Food was fresh and delicious, reasonably priced..  I had the mozzarella panini and lived it. Nice outdoor seating, friendly staff.  I loved this place..  Only critique is I would prefer table service.
One of the bars and places to get food in Armory Square. Went here with some friends after work and got the Chicken Tusk sandwich. It was good, but I don't really remember what was on it. Probably one of my usual combinations of cheese, pesto, peppers or tomatoes. Cost $8.50, which I didn't think was too bad. Atmosphere: While I was there, it was evening on a weekend night, so the place was pretty packed. It was definitely a bar scene. TIPS: During this time of night, finding street parking in the area can be rough. Lots of college students running around too.
Ok well this place has a good beer selection but the service arrangement is incomprehensible. A patron has to order beer at the bar and food at another location. Is there a reason that they have no servers on the floor? I'd be perfectly happy to pay a bit more and tip a server so as not to need to get up and leave my guests every time we want another beer.
One of my favorite bars to go to, its a relaxed bar but its always crowded. There are lot of bar tables by the bar but they also have a bunch of private, quieter booths towards the back. Everyone will say the beer is pricey, but they have a great beer selection and give you a big glass of it. My typical beer is 5 or 6 a glass, its worth it. And the bartenders are always nice and attentive. I've only eaten here a few times and it was delicious always. Roast beef and stilton sandwich and a swallow wit and I'm a happy girl!
You can't beat the beer selection but expect to pay for these high quality brews. Trips to The Tusk are almost always limited to 1 drink each because of this. While the menu seems to be a little lacking in the variety department (it's mostly sandwiches/paninis/wraps), I'm okay with that - the Lobster BLT is as good as it sounds!
A true gem in Syracuse's Armory Square with 69 beers on tap. The interior is your typical nicer bar scene but the food is what separates it from your bar next door. I ordered:    Hello Piggy: pulled pork, kimchi, sprig of cilantro, red onion, mayo and a squirt of sriracha hot chile sauce on a round roll    Red Pepper and Crab Chowder The soup was delicious and I could clearly taste the red peppers, giving the chowder a slight kick. The sandwich was equally as good (and spicy). The pulled pork had a great flavor. My one suggestion, ease up on the hot sauce next time. It overpowered a lot of the ingredients in the sandwich.
Good beer selection. A bit pricier than other bars. Good place for late night hang out.
Awesome selection of beer. Great atmosphere. One of my favorite places in Syracuse!
The Blue Tusk is definitely the prettiest bar on the street.  It has a great beer selection but lousy food.  They have a beer menu that you can look at to help you decide, but it's always outdated and can cause you to get your hopes up over a beer they don't have.  Your best bet is to ask the bartender for a recommendation.  He/she will normally steer you in the right direction. This is a decent bar to go to every once in a while.
I was staying around the corner at the Jefferson Clinton Hotel and I needed something to eat. They recommended I go to the Empire Pub but it was closed for training. I walked across the street and entered the Blue Tusk...WOW! This is a great Pub! I had the artisan meat and cheese tray. A wonderful selection of 2 meats and three cheeses on baguettes. You choose the meats an cheeses. I went with the sopressata, prosciutto, sharp cheddar, brie, and goat cheese. It was a huge platter and they looked at me funny when I ordered it but I hadn't eaten all day and I was hungry. They also had a plethora of international beers. I added to my dinner by ordering a wonderful Belgian Duvel Green ale. I was so full! The pub was full the entire time I was there with lots of wonderful tales from the bar and culinary talk with the chefs! It was a wonderful meal in a extremely friendly environment! This will not be my last visit to the Blue Tusk!
I'm a fan! Went here while visiting Syracuse and found the expansive beer selection and food to be excellent! I highly recommend the chicken tusk, or, if you're feeling something a little meatier, they had a special, I forgot the name of the dish, but it had beef and this great wasabi mayo... (It was the bomb!) wash this down with some beer and you're good to go! :)
This bar is super fun.  Great selection of beers on tap, and great food.  You order at the counter, they give you a buzzer, and when it vibrates you pick up your food.  It can be a little inconvenient to have to buy beer in one place and food in another while someone holds your table (it gets crowded) but overall a fun experience.
best beer selection in syracuse - probably worthy of five stars in itself - but unfortunately this isn't just about the beer selection. also, while a lot of them can't be found anywhere else in 'cuse, they're not so unique as to be double the price of any other bar in the area. too much for a poor city in a bad economy. sandwiches are pretty good, nothing exceptional, and are a bit pricey for what they are, particularly in syracuse. soups (and chili and jambalaya) are the same - better than simply "edible", but not spectacular. portions are a little small, in my opinion. no waiters/waitresses means you have to order from a separate food counter, which is fine, but a waitstaff would be infinitely more convenient, as would the ability to pay for your whole bill (food + drinks) at the same time. all in all, still a very nice find in syracuse - much more "my speed" than pj dorsey's across the street or some of the other places downtown, but there is room for improvement.
Had lunch here since we could sit outside. The beer selection is great and all but I didn't really think much of the food. It was just ok. I do think the prices were good though.
Come for the beer, stay for a sandwich, or is it come for a sandwich, stay for the beer.  However you want to put it, the Blue Tusk is where it's at.    This gem in Armory Square has a great selection of beers, particularly beers that you won't find at most places, so this allows you to try out different types of beer.  The Blue Tusk also offers some award winning sandwiches from their delicatessen.  My only complaint is that the Blue Tusk can get a little bit crowded, but then again, this bar is not a closely guarded secret.  Enjoy!
A great place to get a beer!  They have over 50 on tap, including Harpoon UFO (one of my favorites), Brooklyn Lager, and various local brews.  There is usually a place to sit and enjoy your 20 oz. glass while listening to the great mix of mostly classic /southern rock music playing.  It is the least pretentious place in Armory Square and the staff is easy on the eyes.  The beers may be pricey for some (most are $5), but I am willing to pay more for something other than bud light.  If you want your $3 beer you can go across the street to Dorsey's.
so, yes, this is an excellent place to get a beer.  the selection is top-notch and there are literally dozens to choose from on draft.  so why the 2-star rating?  because that's all that is great about this place.  if you are going for beers and hanging out it would definitely be a great place; there is outside seating to boot, which makes it nice on a warm day.   but if you're going for dinner or to have a relaxing meal, go elsewhere.  the setup is bizarre and user-unfriendly; you have to order food from an extremely disinterested young woman at a counter ("no, you can't order drinks here - you have to do that over there"), and then get one of those cheesy olive garden buzzer things to then go pick your food up and return to your bar table.  so, you're doing all the heavy lifting, including getting your drinks at the bar.  so literally, you make about 8 trips back and forth between the bar, food area and your table to have dinner and a few drinks.  and the food?  nothing to write home about.  the menu is almost exclusively pub food - sandwiches, apps, salads, etc. - and nothing tasted particularly fresh.  $10 lobster and crab dip with chips was a congealed and oily mess that had no seafood flavor to speak of.  sandwiches lackluster.   so, in short, go here for the beers and camaraderie around the bar - skip it big time if you're looking for a real dinner.
Excellent bier selection. They have lots and lots of choices. Prices vary between $6-9 per pint. They need to add nachos to their bar food menu, though.
This place is great, but that being said, it's not for everyone.  The only complaint I ever really hear about this place is the price.  If that's the only factor, then you'd be better off just going to the Subway across the street or drinking a urine-warm Bud Light at Dorseys.  If you're willing to pay a couple of dollars for a little higher quality and variety, then you'll like this place.
I really like how varied the beer selection is here!  New brews come around regularly and the bartenders are great at describing them and making recommendations.  You can sample the beers before you decide, which I appreciate! I stop in a few times a month and the staff is mostly friendly, but can come off as a little cold.  Some of the food counter staff could use some more training as far as putting their focus on the customer rather than their coworkers.  I've heard people complain about the beer prices, but they do have brews you can't find on tap anywhere else in Syracuse, so I'm perfectly willing to pay a little extra for that!
Ah, what a fun place that even has outdoor seating. Awesome selection of beer. The food is mediocre, but you have to admire that they try. Confusing ordering system - not sure why the alcohol and food can't be on the same tab.
The food was pretty good, but nothing special on the menu.  I thought I was going to be blown away from the local suggestion, but unfortunately I wasn't.  The beer selection was decent, but they were out of many of the beers that we requested at the time.  It's a fun environment, and you can tell everyone from the area loves the place.  Workers knew peoples names, and the bar really got packed past 9pm!  It's not pricey, and if you need a place to grab a bite to eat and a beer, you can't get much better!
The Blue Tusk is my favorite Armory Square bar.  They offer over fifty beers on tap with very good variety.  The food is also good here.  The beers can be a bit pricy, at $7 for 20oz, but the beer is always quality, and the selection rotates often.  It is the also the only bar I have found in Syracuse that serves Goose Island beer from my hometown of Chicago.
It's fun getting shittanked here and telling the never-ending parade of beggars to sell the air Jordan's on their feet and suck it.
The bonsai beef sandwich is something I greatly miss since moving away from the area a few months ago. The beef, wasabi herb dressing, cheese, red onion, banana peppers & cheese combination is delicious. This sandwich haunts my dreams. It's made a short list of must haves when I am in town visiting. I enjoy the turkey & brie as well as the hello piggy. Beer selection is great & the outdoor seating is nice during the winter months. A favorite spot in the area. Although the sandwiches are amazing, I feel as though they should come with some sort of side for the price.
One of my Syracuse favorites.  I miss it now that I'm in Tampa and try to drop by for a beer every time I'm back up in the 'Cuse.  Their beer selection is pretty good and their lunch time sandwiches are excellent.  I love their Lobster BLT... gotta double the meet... definitely worth it!
Best bar in the cuse for years.  Wide selection of unique beers and always fine looking patrons in attendance.  Get a pint if Ithaca beer's flower power
The Blue Tusk sounds like a bar name from the original Police Academy movie (a reference guaranteed to be lost on most of you), but it really is a beer bar.  And an excellent one at that.  The beer list is extremely diverse, in both beer type and region.  Being a New York location, the access to almost any nationally distributed beer is at their disposal and they take full advantage.  The food is mostly sandwiches, which are sufficient accompaniments to the beverage selection.  A drink from the Tusk is not to be missed if you are a full time beer snob.
Great sandwiches and tons of beer to choose from. Most of them are pretty good. A little up there in price for some beers but for the selection you get it dont matter.
Great selection of beers and good food too!  They have 69 beers on tap including a lot of Belgian beers.  They even have "real" British ales that are hand pulled and kept at room temperature.  Very nice decor that was very much a classic pub.  On a Thursday night, this looked like the only place with a crowd on the entire street so you know that's a good sign.   I had the Pigs in Zen sandwich that had pulled pork (not BBQ), a nice thick slice of pate, bacon, kimchi, and sriracha.  Awesome.  The only complaints I had were that I wish it was larger so I could eat more, that it had better bacon (it kind of looked like bacon from Wendy's, like it came from a package), and that it didn't cost $12.  The lobster salad BLT ($11.75) was cheaper than this sandwich.  Get a side of cornichons to go with it but skip the chips; they're just a regular bag of kettle chips.
This place is ok.  In an otherwise pretty douchey section of Syracuse, The Blue Tusk is pretty chill.  I was in Syracuse a few weeks ago and had some time to kill so I had a few pints at the Blue Tusk.  Good beer selection, albeit pricey.  There's worse places you could go.
First Yelp Review, might as well start with a good one. If you like armory square, and you like beer, and you like big buck hunter, the Tusk is for you. relaxed atmosphere, sometimes crowded (but you can always escape outside or to the back rooms) good bartenders and decent food, cant go wrong
My friend and I LOVE the Blue Tusk. This is my third time to Syracuse and my second time to The Tusk. I just left and am ALREADY dying to return!  Excellent food with huge variety. Something for everyone to eat and drink. Rachel has a crush on the busboy.... don't tell. Superior service. Usually crowded but worth the wait for a rare super quality exotic meal with your choice of hard to find local and imported beverages. We had French wine with a fresh cheese and meat platter.  SCRUMPTIOUS.
This a very nice cozy bar. They have a huge variety of beers and sandwiches. Sandwiches are very gournmet but takes forever. The soup is very acceptable but is not made in house. The prices are fairly high for a quick counter but I am willing to pay for it. They also have feature items each day.
Best bar downtown. Mostly "professionals" in the bar in the early evening, and it makes it feel just a little classier than the other bars on the street. Amazing wine and beer selection - maybe the best in Syracuse. From my experience, the bartenders are very knowledgeable and attentive, even when it's busy. The mac and cheese is just devastatingly delicious and I love their selection of sandwiches! The meat and cheese plate (where you can make your own combos) is probably my go to here. I've ordered off the specials menu a lot and that hasn't steered me wrong yet. I don't think this place will disappoint.
I absolutely love The Blue Tusk. My favorite bar in 'Cuse for the awesome draft selection (69 drafts), as well as the stellar sandwiches. The sandwiches are a little pricey, but absolutely worth every penny. My favorite? The Bangkok Pig, a Thai-styled pulled pork sandwich. The bar is pretty fun on weekends, but tends to pull in a little older crowd.
Great beer selection.  The sandwiches are mediocre and a little pricey.  If you're looking for a spot to grab food and a brew, I'd say only come by here for lunch.  If you're only looking for the beer, then this is your place.
Nice bar and cool booths. Beers are expensive but that's the price u pay for good beer.
My favorite place to go for a sandwich. The lobster BLT and Bangkok pig are my favorites. The decor for the dining area is very cool. I always sit in one of the "booths". Don't let the bar half deter you from trying the food, it's delicious!
Very good. Food was absolutely amazingg. Everyone should try the mac and cheese! Next time i come to the syracuse area i will make sure to stop by at the tusk!
Overall a good place. The beer lineup offers pretty good choices, although the list on their website isn't too accurate. The food menu works! Seating can be a little slim... grab a table outside if weather permits.
They have a great selection. The place did seem to be overpopulated with guys, but maybe that was just the night I was there.  They also have a lot of booths to sit at. The service was ok, the beer was given to me quickly but without a smile or any sort of friendliness. My group just ended up hanging out in a booth...it didn't seem to be a very interactive bar...which was fine by us.
Best beer bar in Cuse.  So many taps and a solid variety of options.  Prices are more what I see in NYC but worth it for some barley/hop gems.   I've tried the sandwiches too with satisfaction.  The best is probably the grilled cheese. The bar staff can be pushy sometimes but this place is often bustling so they've got to spread the brew.
Sooooooo many draft beer selections.  Sandwiches were very good, and a decent cheese selection.  Atmosphere is very relaxed and fun.
We only gave them one star because the beer was good, otherwise there are plenty of other places to go where you can have pleasant wait staff. The crab dip came out barely warm and a very small portion for $8.00!
Great place to have a beer! This place is on numerous 'places to have a beer before you die' lists and for good reason. Friendly staff, casual atmosphere and a nice selection of beers on tap. Not too expensive, but certainly not a dive bar.
Awesome beer selection. The beer selection here is second to none. That said, you are going to pay for it! The food is great and it wont break the bank. It's counter service. In the summer the patio is great for people watching. When college is in session it can be really crowded at night.
Sadly, blue tusk has really fine down hill! Way more bread than meat on this over cooked today need sandwich! $9.00 for 5 thin slices of roast beef on an oversized roll with no side. Boo hiss blue tusk.
The food is only so-so and the bouncers are abusive and by far the most aggressive in Syracuse; just having "a lot of beers on tap" does NOT even come close to making this place worth the parking HASSLE, or worse god forbid one of the bouncers just randomly decide to mess with you. Again, nothing about this place comes close to being worth it.
so many beers on tap!!
Had a great beer variety.  There are plenty of tables there and an extensive menu, but what's perplexing is that there is no table service.  You have to order from the bar area and get paged when your food is ready for pick-up.  Food was good and would try it again.
The food was terrible. If they are going to charge those prices, they shouldn't be microwaving the canned food. The bar is not half bad, but overall, not a great environment. First and last time for me.
