One of my favorite bars in Syracuse. The bartenders are great, the food is great, and the selection of beer is huge and always changing. There is a ton of seating, though the bar isn't particularly large. The outside patio is very large as well. Parking is a breeze, with on street parking and a parking lot (free nights and weekends) right next to the building. Great bar, great people!
I will gladly pay more for beer that is 1. COLD, 2. properly gassed, 3. Available from the extensive list offered. The beer I selected first wasn't available, nor was the second. The third time and not even charmingly close to my original genera of unfiltered Belgians I received what I believe was a Luke warm bud light. Slightly flat. Totally my fault for not complaining. They seem super nice and I'm sure would have fixed it.  The hubs got a stout (after one try)  that was colder than mine...not the balmy 54f we expected. Whatevs, it was a convention of cheap beer drinkers on a hazy afternoon and we moved on quickly.
This place has garbage plates! There is a huge selection of beer here! BUT, there is a fowl smell in this place that is always there. It's a bar, I know and it's not suppose to smell like roses but it's bad.
Excellent beer selection pairs wonderfully with sweet potato tots dipped in maple syrup :)
Love this place. One of the only places in town with beer specials, but J Ryan's is set apart because they put great IPA's and craft beers on their special, which is a great deal. We heard good things about their food, so we got the fish & chips, and wings, and both were so good and came out super hot (temperature), and although it's a menu of bar food, it doesn't taste like normal bar food. Will keep coming back for the food and drinks!
Great beer selection and good prices.  I try to sit outside when I can because it always kind of smells in there.  Service is slow outside too. Food is above average. They have some tasty sandwiches and soups. I enjoy the atmosphere.
Amazing beer selection and good crowd. Not so much for food!  But the beer selection makes up for the less than average food. Bartenders are friendly. Probably one of the best craft beer locations in Syracuse!  We will be back after we eat in another location.
Great beer selection but be careful, the bar tenders are sensitive and they'll sick the manager on you over nothing which leads to crappy customer service.
More taps than I care to count. Tons of IPA and stout selections.  Bartenders were both knowledgable about every beer I inquired about. The chili cheese nachos are unbelievably huge and delicious. Worth the walk thru freezing temps to consume. Wow! I will be back again for sure next time I'm in Syracuse.
I love the food and service here but I won't be back as long as they allow people to smoke on the patio which against city code as long as you are serving food outside.
this is one great bar..beer selection 4 stars  SERVICE DITTO...waitress knew her stuff..they had an up too date  beer menu as well as a chlk board with specials...nothing worst than a bar that brags about its beer selection that has waitresses that know nothing about the beers & a list that includes beer they are out of..invest in a computer and print out available beers... the food was a-1 bar food..,.Buffalo wings the way the were meant to be...waffle fries & great veggie burgers..atmosphere was definitely real Irish bar...if you're in "cuse check it out
Place is great.  The $10 pitchers range from decent (one dumb fruity or wheat beer, and one drinkable beer) to exceptional (Old Rasputin and Southpoint IPA the same night). Moving up here, I expected that beef on weck and garbage plates would abound, given that it's sort of close to the areas that specialize in them.  J Ryan's is the only place I've found ether of those dishes, and they're quite good. Only complaint is that it has one of those electronic jukeboxes where the patrons can choose any song they want, which means the music is consistently terrible.
Amazing food and atmosphere! With Over 60 different beers to choose from how could you go wrong
Hello beer in central New York!  As per usual travel motives, we were looking for a great beer selection for my beer geek husband and good bar food...for some hair of the dog.  We stumbled across this recommendation from beer advocate, and as expected, just what we were looking for.   Let's start with the warm and friendly smiling faces when you walk through the door.  The service is so inviting and welcoming. Decor is clean and just what you'd expect for a bar/pub. We visited on a Saturday afternoon and got comfortable--no one seemed to mind. We ordered appetizers.  Not so standard bar fare that was delicious.  Pluses all around for this place.  Swing on by!!
70 beers on tap. Pool. Deer hunter games. Darts. A great pub, I love going on a low-key night to try new beers and chat with friends. Plus, they have a cute outdoor area during the warmer months.
I went in here during the Taste of Syracuse to get a beer before heading down into the madness. The bar itself was fairly crowded; I had a hard time getting the attention of a bartender so I stood for a while before I actually got some service. But once I had my drink, there were open tables outside where I could enjoy the summer weather and sip my Wailing Wench. They have a great beer selection. Big ups to the giant-sized chalkboard featuring all 69 of them. I'd definitely go back to just hang outside and have a few beers. Seems like a good hang out spot.
J Ryan's is a microbrew oasis in the midst of the painfully boring beer dessert of Syracuse.  While it may be possible to find some of these selections elsewhere, never for the price offered here and certainly never on specials.  Unfortunately, the bar is quite small and can be hard to navigate towards to place an order.  The place is typically crowded, but after sipping the beer and paying your bill it is not difficult to figure out why.  All the times I have been the crowd had been young, with quite a few scene kids hanging around, but I know of many people who enjoy this place so I believe it draws a diversified crowd. Just like any bar, you may have a bad experience with the people here, but your thirst will always be quenched. Try if available: Founders Porter Brooklyn Brewery Mary's Maple Porter
J Ryans is my favorite bar in Syracuse. Its a craft beer lovers dream with 69 beers on tap, also the food is pretty amazing for bar food and priced well below what you would expect to pay. The one thing I want to point out that makes J Ryans great is the price of beer here. Most other bars/pubs way over charge for craft beer on tap, not so with J Ryans. I special order a cheeseburger with meatsauce and its pretty amazing. Daily specials on select craft beer with the daily special pints going for around $2 a pint.
Great atmosphere and good food. One thing I really like about J Ryan's is the vast variety of drafts. The food has always been good with reasonable prices.
J. Ryans is a local bar that boasts 69 beers on tap and reasonable prices on pints.  This Downtown watering hole is starting to catch on with discerning University students willing to make the trek off 'the hill' for a good selection of beer from friendly and knowledgeable bar tenders who will remember you if you come back.  The food at J. Ryans pairs well with their beer selection and the portions are generous.
Great atmosphere, always a mixed crowd, great beer selection.  Awesome veggie burgers, best nachos I've ever had, and oh, did I mention.... Great beer selection.  And you can't go wrong with dual Alicia's!
Can't go wrong at JRyans..I have been here about 5 times (midday, dinner, late night..Sunday, Friday, Tuesday) the beers are unique with variety.  If you are a beer fan..enjoy.  The food is amazing..what can I say they braise the corned beef in Guinness.  Reuben sandwich and a bear republic racer 5 IPA will do you right.  Not to mention the late night gets pretty nutty at the right times...bar is open til 2..grab one of the 70+ beers on tap and find a Cougar
I spent some time in Syracuse a while back and this was one of three regular stops for me when it was time to find something to eat. They have a ton of beers to choose from and the food is pretty good. It's pretty spacious, clean, and the bartenders are friendly and attentive.
J Ryans is my favorite bar in Syracuse. If you love beer (not crappy bud light) then this is the place to be. They have over 69 beers on tap, make sure to try the food here. The beer battered onion rings are great. They have a jukebox that plays everything.
beers on tap, beers on tap, lots of beers on tap!
j ryan's is slowly turning into one of my favorite bars in syracuse. 69 beers on tap, slightly cheaper prices than blue tusk, a pool table, good music, good music that isn't too loud, spacious seating, darts, a nice looking bar with plenty of tvs, and friendly bartenders.
THE only place to go in Syracuse when you want craft beer and a lot of selection.  They know their stuff in the beer world and it shows.  Standard food and atmosphere - AWESOME BEER!
J Ryan's is awesome. Tons of great beers on tap. They have a daily special for pitchers as well. Great food. Free games and some free food on Mondays and Tuesdays. Excellent place, very friendly atmosphere. The manager is extremely friendly, too!
