A Mainstay of Hawley-Green Neighborhood From the moment, we stepped into Laci's we knew that we had found what was going to be one of our favorite places to eat in Syracuse.  The place is owned by two of the most fascinating women you are ever likely to meet.  The good news is both of the prowl the floor talking to their guests and yes they work to the room like they were having a party.  The waitstaff is equally friendly and apparently selected for very strong people skills.   The food does not disappoint.  The boneless short ribs were very good but a little too oily; the carnitas tortillas were terrific.  The hit of the night was the spanish sliders - absolutely perfect.  The Pow chicken was good but next time we will try something different. Cocktails, at least for us, are an important part of the meal and the bartender at Laci's does not disappoint.  The Kentucky side car and Laci's black cherry mojito were great - after that the selection of bourbons and whiskeys are solid.   This is not a bargain priced restaurant - expect to drop at least $50 with drinks per person.  That said you get what you pay for.
I love the atmosphere, the owners are always there and talk to everyone and make sure everything is good. The servers are excellent and everyone who works there seems to love it there. The food is great and drinks are strong. My only complaints: I wouldn't advise sitting at a high top table, the seats are not very comfortable. I'm also not a fan of the thinly sliced fresh veggies and ranch they have as a free app, I would much rather have bread or something more creative. I also find it to be pretty pricey. One tip: You should call ahead and make a reservation, they get very busy. Overall, I highly recommend Laci's.
I have been here a bunch of times and I recommend making a reservation. Even on a Wednesday night it was crowded.  They always use fresh ingredients and very creative dishes. This is a great place to get tapas and it has many interesting creations. The egg roll mac and cheese is as odd as it sounds but tasty! The shrimp with cheese grits was a surprising twist which worked well. The dates wrapped in bacon are the perfect mix of sweet and savory. We really enjoyed the Mediterranean flatbread. They had two for one margaritas when I went on a Wednesday. For dessert I have tried the cheesecake sampler which consisted of two miniature plain cheese cakes with different toppings and a key lime cheese cake. They were pretty tasty.   The menu also specifies which items are gluten-free and dairy-free which is great for those who desire those options.  There are also a decent amount of vegetarian items. The staff are super friendly and both of the owners were working the nights I have been there.
Your first impression of this place walking in - after stepping through the herb garden and over the wraparound front porch - is that you are entering the welcoming, charmingly eccentric house of an aunt or friend. People who work there are so friendly and accommodating, full of great recommendations, that we ended up spending quite a few hours and courses of tapas here, starting downstairs and moving into the Morrocan Room upstairs. Every dish we tried was fantastic, but I would have to say the roasted root vegetables, tuna tartare, and roasted chickpeas with feta were my favorites. Chris, our server, was a total foodie too with great taste, and pointed us towards a fantastic Spanish wine. Overall a great experience and next time I'm in Syracuse I will be coming back!
Came here with my boyfriend for a little date night. Didn't have reservations and it was a Saturday night so they were pretty busy understandably so we just ate at the bar which was totally fine with us. We loved the atmosphere and the service was great. I love the idea of ordering a bunch of different small plates so you can try different things rather than just one big plate. The food was good but it wasn't great. I was hoping the bacon wrapped jalapeños would be spicier but I couldn't even taste the jalapeño. I definitely recommend the Mac n cheese egg rolls but I still wouldn't say they were amazing either, just the best out of what we ordered.
Having just moved here from Boston, I was a little unsure of what to expect.  But, from the second I walked in to Laci's, I knew it would be a fun experience.  I love the ambiance, it's darker with nice lighting, and a very intimate but comfortable atmosphere.  It's a great date night restaurant.  We went with another couple and really tried a little of everything.  I also did a red wine flight which I loved and then ultimately had two more glasses of one of the wines that was out of this world.  My husband had a cocktail he couldn't stop raving about, a twist on a classic Manhattan I believe.   Anyway, service was fantastic.  Waitress, the name of which I can't remember but wish I could because she was fab - was very knowledgeable of the menu and recommended fun things to try.  We ended up ordering three of the dates wrapped in bacon, which I tried to replicate at home to no avail.  They are like sweet bacon candy, a must try.   We had a variety of items including the beef tenderloin, shrimp and grits, a scallop item, brie puff pastry (my fave), asian steak skewers, the tomato basil ravioli and a bunch of others.  The only one I was disappointed in was the short ribs and gnocchi.  The meat was nice but the gnocchi tasted like overcooked potato.  But everything else made up for it. Again, fantastic evening, great service and atmosphere and I highly recommend!
Had a reservation and was seated promptly.  Everything was awesome, house made hummus, roasted chickpeas were great starters!  Beef with blue cheese, meatballs, sliders and short ribs were to die for!  Only thing I would not order again wAs Mac and cheese egg roll, just didn't have the flavor that other dishes did.  Also had a garlic chicken pizza, awesome
Everything we had was delicious. We each ordered two different type of tapas and shared around the table. That's the only way to do it. Without exception every selection was great. The bacon wrapped dates are awesome!!  The service is prompt and friendly. It was very busy but we never felt like there was any delay in getting our food. Obviously the chef and kitchen staff know what they are doing, Many don't and become overwhelmed. Make a reservation for Friday or Saturday night. We had none and were lucky to get in. They are getting very popular in a city where people are looking for a really great place to eat that isn't burgers or comfort food. I hope to eat there again on a future visit and try some different selections. I'm not sure what the old building is that they have refurbished into the restaurant but it is lovey and nice inside, lots of wood, kind of a retro feel to it. Very nice, warm and comfortable. lacistapasbar.com
This was my favorite place in all of the Syracuse area when I lived there for 5 years. The city of Syracuse is starving for something not fast-food or chain related, with small bites to go along with some after work drinks. I've met and chatted with both owners every time I dined and they are sweet, smart entrepreneurs on a mission. It's great to support a restaurant not solely due to the ambiance, delicious hot and dirty martinis, and creative tapas options, but also having the confidence in knowing you are simultaneously supporting women in business who are dedicated in starting up small ventures to help empower women. They are known for the bacon-wrapped dates, but you should also try the mac & cheese egg rolls, and the shrimp gratin.
Having been to Laci's many times over the last three years (beginning with the first weeks of opening), I can say that one thing has been consistent: INCONSISTENCY. The highlights: The owners are always around, checking in on customers and making sure everyone is having a wonderful time. The drinks are fantastic and never a disappointment. The wait staff is typically great and accommodating (especially Jen). Inconsistency: The food is seasonal - so I expect the menu to change. However, staples like the Avocado Bruschetta should stay consistent. Up until June, it was a half loaf of bread with a mound of tomatoes and avocado (we ordered this every time we visit). Tonight it was 5 little toasts, a mound of tomato and a tablespoon of avocado. Unfortunately, still named avocado bruschetta on the menu and still charged $10 for some chopped tomatoes and croutons. A very HUGE disappointment and overpriced. The Grilled Butternut Squash Risotto (really delicious in the past) was flavorless and under seasoned. The Bacon Wrapped Jalapeños were inedibly spicy and still had seeds inside. Portion sizes were inconsistent and smaller than what we have experienced in the past. Everything else was just so-so and frankly disappointing. The vegetarian in our group left hungry (after spending roughly $120 for 5 people) and had to make food at home. Having celebrated many occasions at Laci's, I don't think my friends or I will be back anytime soon.
Had a not-so-great experience here a year or two ago, and decided to come back. It was a good decision. Our hostess and server were very friendly, and the owner herself delivered one of our drinks. The small plates we chose were generally good, with only a few missteps. The Mexican sliders were great, as were the pow-pow shrimp, and the risotto cakes. The only dish that fell flat was the asparagus rolls - the asparagus was overcooked, and didn't have a lot of flavor. In fact, that's where I think Laci's could improve the most - being more adventurous with their spices and flavors. But, like I said, we had a lot of good food, and overall they've done a good job. The desserts we had were also really good - not overly sweet, as is the trend in a lot of restaurants. The only other area where they could improve is the atmosphere in the very front room. We've been sat there both times, and it gets VERY loud in there, especially when all four tables there are full. They should try hanging some fabric in there, or try draping the ceiling, or something, as it gets difficult to hear people even at your own table. But, overall, it's a really great experience. If you like tapas, give it a try!
The atmosphere here is great.  The owners are very involved and the staff is very upbeat.  They make you feel very comfortable and genuinely want you to enjoy your experience.  It's very cozy and welcoming without being too loud.   The food is good.  I went with a party of four and we shared a large portion of the menu.  Unfortunately nothing really stuck out as something I HAD to get again.  I think this was partially because there was nothing on the menu that was Spanish. Our waitress said they change the menu often so i'll be back to check it out. The drink menu and beer selection is top notch.
Laci's is a local tapas bar with a warm and welcoming ambience. The service is friendly and accommodating. The owners are usually circulating, checking on service and making diners feel at home. The restaurant has the layout of an old Syracuse City home with an eclectic feel. I recommend making a reservation as the location is relatively small. There's a full bar, a few high top tables, and a number of tables for various size parties. The food has improved since the last time I visited. In the past, I found the tapas to be hit or miss, sometimes lacking quality. Last night, all of our choices tasted fresher and more homemade. Bonus: the server explained that the produce is purchased local whenever possible. She highlighted the asparagus which was delicious - tender and grilled to perfection. As a party of four, we ordered a total of eight tapas to share, each of us selecting two that stood out to us personally. I won't talk about each one, just highlight two favorites: Mediterranean Flatbread, which included artichoke hearts, chickpeas, spinach, and roasted red peppers. The flatbread was cut into perfect bite-size squares, each with the right amount of toppings and melted mozzarella. Bruschetta with Lemon Basil and Honey Ricotta, a unique combination of flavors and textures that was unexpectedly delicious. It was borderline dessert-like but still suitable for dinner. I savored every bite of the toasted baguette and creamy, lemony ricotta, drizzled with honey. This is definitely a hot spot to meet with friends or your sweetheart!
My girlfriend and I went here for our 6 month anniversary. It was really great. Staff was pretty friendly, and as this was our first time at a tapas bar they were very interested in explaining the "process" of how to order. We had been told by other that this place was a little expensive for the amount of food you get, but we found that to be the opposite of our experience. We ordered three main plates and a dessert, a beer and a wine and it came to less than $50.00. The beer was a craft beer and was only 2 bucks because it was Friday. Awesome. Food was excellent! Really enjoyed the variety and had a great experience. Totally recommended.
Hands down the best meal I've had in Syracuse. The shrimp and grits are amazing. My new favorite restaurant. Drink selection was great. Service was perfect and the concept is just fun for a date night or out with friends. 5 stars!!
Excellent food. In what is Central NY's wasteland of mediocre meals, Laci's is an incredible standout. The Spanish-inspired dishes were delicious. The only problem was that must everything was a bit over-salted, otherwise we enjoyed the lovely food, reasonable prices, and great service.
One of the best restaurants in syracuse. Everything on the menu is great. It all comes at a great value, even in a large group. The staff is very friendly and the owners are always there and available.  Great dining experience.
Ate here for the first time recently after hearing great things for quite some time. It definitely lived up to the hype. All dishes we tried were delicious. Best flan I've ever had. Our server couldn't do enough for us, was very friendly, and his menu knowledge was on point. Will definitely be going back.
I am from Rochester, but was in Syracuse for an Orange game & had dinner here after the game.  I adore this place, and wish I lived closer so I could frequent this place.  Everything about this place is fantastic - the atmosphere, the food, the service, the owner.  Love it!
I coordinated a dinner at Laci's Tapas Bar with a couple other families during Syracuse University's Parents' weekend. I was glad that we had a reservation but Laura, one of the restaurant's owners, exceeded my expectations by contacting me with advice that would enable them to provide prompt service for our large group. Following this suggestion, we preordered a few tapas so that our table could begin tasting the delightful selection of small plates available soon after being seated. The menu made it easy to select tapas to please vegetarians and omnivores. Some of my personal favorites were: Mediterranean flat bread, roasted root vegetables, Grilled Butternut Squash Risotto and Pow Pow chicken. The Mac 'n cheese egg rolls were also popular. The attentive service and atmosphere added to our very positive dining experience at Laci's Tapas Bar.
So I have to make sure whoever reads this understands that my rating is not based on the food.  The food is OUTSTANDING!  Every one of their dishes is very creative and absolutely delicious. And neither does it apply to the Wait staff - They are simply AMAZING!  Very attentive and informative. The reason for the 3 star rating is their inability to take a Reservation, correctly and their inability to seat people at the right time. Twice now, the maitre d had put us down for a table of 3 instead of 2; so they needed 15 mins to move around tables.  Yeah right. The third time they moved our reservation to the upstairs seating area.  DO NOT asked to be seated upstairs unless there's more than 8 of you.  Keep in mind that this restaurant is an old house.  Upstairs seating is cramming 20 people into a large bedroom!  It was probably the worst dining experience I've had at Laci's.  The only thing that saved us was the food.  Apparently there were about 10 people celebrating a birthday party; another table of 4, a table of 3 and then us.  Nobody could get a word in if you weren't part of the birthday group.  Very annoying and does not make it a romantic dining experience. The other times, when we were eventually seated, the main dining area downstairs is waaaay better. Do us all a favor Laci's, spend some money and expand :)  Your food is amazing.  The experience, is not always.
I've reviewed Laci's before and we love it. We've been back several times since 8/12. Every time it has been excellent dining experience. Last night, 10/11/13 Martha and I took her cousins Bobbi and Sally to Laci's. Another feast. Sue and I split a bottle of Robert Mondavi Cabernet Sauvignon, Martha had Clean Slate Riesling. Bobbi opted for a refreshing glass of our local water : ). Tapas - Beef Wellington, Grilled Butternut Squash Risotto, Shrimp & Grits, Parmesan Scallops, Roasted Brussel Sprouts, Baked Mac n' Cheese, Lamb Chops, and Ravioli Caprese. Sue and I loved the Shrimp & Grits. Bobbi thought it was too spicy. Martha doesn't like seafood.  The Grilled Butternut Squash Risotto was a little dry but good. Everything else was excellent. Desserts Raspberry Lemon - Vanilla Cake, lemon mousse with a hint of raspberry preserves and lemon butter cream frosting, Creme Brulle and French Press Coffee. Check it out!
I rarely do reviews on places I haven't visited more than once.  The only times I make exceptions to this is when it's a review while I'm "off my turf", therefore its a "tourist-y review".  So that duly noted, let's get on with it, shall we? Laci's is located in a neighbourhood, in fact it's in a brick house, and I love that.  The inside is trendy, welcoming and decorated in a way that makes it warm enough for a date, yet bright enough to laugh with your friends. We opted to sit at the bar, as we heard the bartender, Jen, makes one mean drink. (also who couldn't be drawn in by the over-sized martini glasses filled with cheddar goldfish and wasabi peas?!?!?!) We got a draft beer and a spicy bloody mary to start.  The beer wasn't mine, and I hate beer, so I'll review my beverage!  The mary was smokey and spicy.  It tasted like a bloody ceasar to me and after talking to the owners a bit, I found out it was! LOVE THAT! but also was a bit taken back, as bloody ceasars are made with clam juice, so be careful all you non-shellfish eaters!! Allergens abound.  The smoke is a awesome addition to it and so is the sriracha sauce. Food.... food glorious food.... We got: 1. shrimp cocktail - hard to mess up boiled shrimp.  We likey. 2. bread with hummus - not to thrilled with.  The bread should of been cut thinner and bruschetta-ized and the hummus was bland.  EASILY amended though, some garlic or roasted red pepper would perk it right up.  The texture was right on. 3. martini marinated sirloin kabobs - one word. YUM! and for dessert the Tiramisu.  Uh.. it fell near the upper part of "fine" on the Shel Scale.  Not the best, but not horrible. Alrighty then, so over all a great experience - the people, the service, the drinks. Food was 60/40 for me, and I promise to do a follow up next time we go, I HATE judging on my first go-round at a place.  It could be an off night, or hell, I could be having an off night (dare I say!) My advice, if I was being asked.... ? knock a cpl bucks off the plates, make them smaller. It wasn't traditional "small plate" Tapas, they were big portions and I would've liked to of tried more.   That's all I got folks, happy eating. CHEERS!
Went to Syracuse for a wedding a few weeks ago.  Had an open night, and since it was out first time in the area, of course I checked out Yelp for a restaurant review.  We love tapas, and Laci's seemed very accommodating for gluten allergies also. The space was nice, a re-purposed house.  Very cool looking bar area on the first floor.  Seemed like there was also seating upstairs, but we were seated downstairs.  This was after walking in & waiting for a few minutes for someone to come seat us.  Learned that this was because the kitchen was closing at 10 PM (it was 9:40).  OK, we're not in a major metropolitan area, I guess 10 PM on a Friday is a good time to close the kitchen...  That aside, our service was very good. The food was hit or miss.  Laci's Veggie Lollipops - caprese salad on a skewer - awesome.  Little Filets - great, perfectly cooked, though under-seasoned, came with fantastic potatoes.  Lamb was under-seasoned & over-cooked.  Tuna tartare was frozen and tasted like it had been thawed when we ordered it - not good. I don't think I'll be back in Syracuse with any frequency, so I doubt I'll go back to Laci's.  But, not a bad place if you like tapas!
What a unique eating experience, food was fantastic service was good, we highly recommend this to anyone looking to sample many things in one meal.
The GOOD -- nice ambiance, comfortable decor, gracious hostess, friendly and attentive services Not So Good -- the food, it's neither here nor there, stuck between wanting to be creative / innovative / cool and too much hesitation in execution. Some dishes are pretty edible, but I'd expect more from a place with such a good vibe. What I can remember: lamb chops are done right (medium-rare) if not slightly bland in seasoning, nicely baked sweet potato fried, scallops in lime-cilantro broth bordering on rubbery texture, dates wrapped in bacon tasted okay, Dessert (peanut butter mousse cake with fudge and chocolate) was quite good, moist and flavorful without overly sweet. All in all, a good place to hang out if you just want some drinks, coffee and dessert.
Alright, I have to update- though I feel badly about it. It needs to be said, and all of the more negative reviews seem to be filtered out. My initial excitement about this place has worn off, and subsequent visits have been just okay to sub par. One of the things that originally had me excited about Laci's was the fact that the owners had told us upon our initial visit that the menu would be changing (probably monthly) and I thought great- how exciting- that must mean they will be incorporating fresh, local, seasonal ingredients. Unfortunately, the menu hasn't changed much, certainly doesn't change to reflect seasonality, and (in my opinion) has changed a bit for the worse where they have made changes. It feels like there is a huge focus on food that is easily prepped ahead with just a re-heat or quick assembly required. I could forgive that if it tasted better, was creative, new or different than stuff I can either get elsewhere or make myself, but it just isn't. They still have a really cool bar vibe, so in my opinion they should either stick with that (and instead go for more bar-friendly food) or hopefully amp up the creativity and effort in the kitchen. It's a great concept, and unique for the syracuse market, so if they try, they can really make Laci's special. Don't just rest on the laurels of being the only tapas place in town though.
Big disappontment. After searching for a good place to eat we ended up here. They had a limited menu due to valentines day. The scallop ap was good but very small. The beef tenderloin was dry overcooked and bland. Left still hungry and went and got pizza to fill us. Wont be back any time soon. Would have given a 1 star but our waitress was attentive and helpful.
I'm sort of blown away that a place likes this exists in Syracuse. When you're inside its a "Toto I don't think were in Kansas anymore" moment. The hostess, one of the owners was so gracious and inviting. I don't think I've ever had service like that before. Extremely personable. It was like meeting up with an old friend you haven't seen in years. The decor inside is great. I remembered when it was the old Pascals eatery. Which had seen better days. Now it's upscale and classy without being pretentious. The bar even had goldfish crackers in martini glasses! How Fun! I'm a huuuuge fan of variety and like to eat a little of a lot of different things- so a tapas bar is THE place for me. Like I mentioned in a different review, I don't drink but enjoy the fact that places make wine recommendations for pairings with the various meal options. It really shows an attention to detail and care in the overall dining experience. I had the pleasure of drinking a refreshing watermelon infused water and it was so good. The complimentary bread basket with hummus was a delicious way to begin our meal. The Chicken Montados came highly recommended by the waitress and we indulged. My only critique was it was a bit overcooked- very crispy to the point of being unable to chew it. The Bacon Wrapped Dates are to die for and honestly, I could have eaten two more rounds of them, by myself! We also ordered  the Spring Rolls and the Brie with Apples and Pears. Both very good as well. Service was a bit sporadic and slow, but to their defense they were very busy and short handed. Everyone was gracious and vocal with their apologies so I wasn't too concerned. We ended with dessert, Peanut Butter Pie and Maui Wowi Cheesecake. We were both surprisingly full and barely finished our desserts. I'm excited to try the other offerings as the menu is plentiful in variety.
Laci's continues to be one of my go to places in Syracuse - food is top notch and always enjoy my visits to Laci's. Today, I am updating my review as there is an even better reason to visit Laci's than usual.       The owners are taking donations for Hurricane Sandy relief efforts and will be setting up a popup kitchen in the Rockaways later this week to provide soup and sandwiches to those who have lost so much. If you want to help - stop by the resturant anytime on Monday November 5th or 2-4pm on the 6th.    They need everything from non perishable foods, water, first aid supplies or any clothing that you can spare.    Stop by for a great cause and help them fill their truck with love from Syracuse.
OK, so, I haven't actually been to Laci's yet...but I was able to try their Guava Mango cheesecake.  And it was awesome.  Guava mousse on top, mango cheesecake and then a cookie crust = subtle sweetness and a lot of fruity flavor.  So good! Looking forward to an actual meal at Laci's next time I'm upstate.  The menu (both food & drink) look awesome.
I finally got a chance to stop in at Laci's after hearing a lot of good things about it. I had never done tapas before, but anytime I can order 5 or 6 different dishes and not have the servers look at me funny, I'm in. Here's recommendation number one - make a reservation. You can't seem to make one over the phone though, at least at the last minute. I called their number on a Friday night to see if I could get in and they only have an answering machine. Granted, if you leave a message, they'll probably call you back, but if you're looking for something spur of the moment, you're going to have to risk it and just stop in. Thankfully they had one high-top table open when I walked in so I had no wait. The people who walked in right behind me weren't so lucky, but there seemed to be plenty of space at the bar if you wanted to eat there. The people running Laci's have to be some of the friendliest people I've ever come across. From the hostess, to the waitress, to the owners who stopped by the table a couple times to see how things were going. It's a nice change of pace that I happened to like. They really make sure you have a good time when you go in there. What a concept. The food was very good. We ordered the lamb chop lollipops, pow pow shrimp, riblets, roasted brussel sprouts, and the Mediterranean flatbread pizza. The lamb was a little overcooked so some bites were a bit tough. Same with the riblets, though not as much as the lamb. The pow pow shrimp was excellent. The sauce is very spicy but I couldn't get enough of it. I was mopping it up with bread. By the end of those 5 dishes, we were stuffed. I was actually surprised how inexpensive it was, not to say it was cheap. For three drinks and 5 tapas, it came to about $70, before tip. More expensive than ordering a pizza, but I thought it was well worth it. The beers on tap were $2 that night too, so that helped. I would definitely recommend Laci's. I think it's an under-the-radar place in Syracuse thats worth a look. It might surprise you.
Enjoyed the food. 2 people shared 6 tapas, each had a drink from the bar and dessert. Plenty of left overs and the bill was $101 before the tip.  The service was good (could have been a bit better. Kind of felt like they'd dump a tapas on your table and run). Overall, a very enjoyable evening. They also have a bar where you can sit. Recommend reservations, although we were seated right away but it was early on a weeknight.  They have several gluten free items for those who are looking for that! I can't give it 4 stars because of the service.
Went back to Laci's and had another great meal!! We're trying to try something different each time we go, this time it was the Lamp Chop lollipops... not to be missed!! The Martini Beef Skewers were also quite tasty as well. As usual the service was friendly and attentive without being overbearing. They had a jazz trio playing upstairs. We didn't go up but could hear them playing as we were leaving and look forward to checking them out some other Friday evening.
I am only giving this 2 stars (vs 1) for effort because this place tries really hard to be trendy and savory, but the food is subpar and this revived location is in need of a qualified chef. I have been here 4 times and keep hoping that this will somehow miraculously be better than the last, but it remains slightly worse than the the previous visit on all accounts. I really WANT to love this place: The neighborhood has come a long way and it would be wonderful to visit a good restaurant locally but their food just doesn't cut it. It's like they found great ideas but haven't executed them tastefully. I have tried a number of items on the menu, but the tuna tartare sticks out to me: it's obviously low quality fish they are serving raw. Either get a better supplier with sushi grade ahi or don't offer it. The ahi is partially defrosted upon presentation, watery and lacks flavor. The Mediterranean platter had delicious pita but the hummus was bland and chunky and the other spreads were bland. Hummus is simple! Use the recipe on the back of the McCormick cumin jar if you cannot create your own, it is the easiest thing to make, just remember to purée it. The restaurant has great service, decent drinks but the food is offensive! It looks like it was prepared and plated by a third grader. It has this not- so-inviting home cooked look and taste that doesn't pair with the ambience at all.  Do yourself a favor: have a snack and a cocktail there but don't make it a meal until the owner realizes how amazing this place would be with a real chef and local suppliers to take it to a whole new level.
I went here as part of the first stop on a Bachelorette outing in Syracuse, and there were 6 of us. I had never been there but based on reviews and what I could find online I took a leap of faith and it worked out better than I could've expected. I made reservations through their website, which was really easy and they promptly got back to me and asked if we had any special requests. When we got there, they were very helpful in making us feel welcomed and explaining their menu and the best way to approach tapas for the novice. I think everyone was a little skeptical that we'd get enough to eat for dinner, but by the end of 3 rounds of ordering (which is expected and encouraged) we were all contently filled. They have a great selection on the menu, the service was great, and the prices quite reasonable. This place has a great ambiance! I'd love to go back next time I'm in town!
I've dined here twice. Both with parties of four. The first was a 2 star dining experience. We were seated on the other side of the bar and it was to our disadvantage because our server seemingly forgot about us. Drink orders took far too long, coupled with seeing our glasses of wine on the bar waiting to be taken to our table. The time we were in the restaurant due to the service was also too long.. roughly two hours. The most memorable dish was the bacon wrapped dates. The second time visiting was a better experience. This time we had corner table in the front dining room and wonderful server who was very attentive. Drinks were served promptly and the food was timed perfectly. As far as experience and service goes this was a 4 star rating. The food was a drawback. The best: again the bacon wrapped dates. The worst: "crab" stuffed mushrooms which seemed to be little more than 4 mushroom caps with some sort of hollandaise sauce over them. Hardly any crab visible. I've noticed these have since been taken off the menu. Contrary to my two strike rule on restaurants, I've wanted to try Laci's food again but I haven't been excited about any of the specials they post on Facebook (e.g. quesadillas, burger sliders...these are regular appetizers at chain restaurants and something I'd whip up on weekday in my own kitchen). I go to restaurants for the food not the atmosphere. I think they'd be better served using local farm fresh ingredients and some more creativity in their offerings.
Great food!  Drinks were very good, not as strong as I'd like but well made!   Really fun atmosphere, the owner and waitress were super nice and attentive. A Gem in Syracuse - hope this place is around for a long long time!
2 stars is a real stretch on the food, but the interior is hip for Syracuse and deserves 3 stars.  The food was less than good.  Owner and wait staff friendly.  It was surprisingly busy.  Guess there just aren't many choices in the area, which is in the middle of a very sketchy neighborhood = uncomfortable parking here in daylight and would not be in the area after dark.  I was starving upon arrival, typically resulting in the "anything tastes good at this point" mode, but alas this was not the case.   Complimentary carrot sticks and olives (carrot sticks hard as a rock and dried out) Food ordered: Mediterranean Flatbread - meh...dough tasteless.  Thankfully it had sufficient cheese to somewhat mask this. Bacon Wrapped Dates - more like raisins: dates are supposed to be plump and juicy. These were pitiful (advertised on menu as "incredible" - huh??) Parmesan Scallops - hint of taste and mini sized, even for bay scallops. Clearly these were not from the bay but the freezer. The Good: Varied menu with a number of vegetarian choices The Bad: Overshadowed by quality of food - need a new chef The Ugly: Neighborhood I would skip it.
Had dinner with friends last night. Such a great vibe. Laci's Lollipops are delicious, the Petite Filet is outstanding and they make a great Mojito. Great place to go for a drink and some small plates solo, on a date, or with friends.
2 stars is a real stretch on the food, but the interior is hip for Syracuse and deserves 3 stars.  The food was less than good.  Owner and wait staff friendly.  It was surprisingly busy.  Guess there just aren't many choices in the area, which is in the middle of a very sketchy neighborhood = uncomfortable parking here in daylight and would not be in the area after dark.  I was starving upon arrival, typically resulting in the "anything tastes good at this point" mode, but alas this was not the case.   Complimentary carrot sticks and olives (carrot sticks hard as a rock and dried out) Food ordered: Mediterranean Flatbread - meh...dough tasteless.  Thankfully it had sufficient cheese to somewhat mask this. Bacon Wrapped Dates - more like raisins: dates are supposed to be plump and juicy. These were pitiful (advertised on menu as "incredible" - huh??) Parmesan Scallops - hint of taste and mini sized, even for bay scallops. Clearly these were not from the bay but the freezer. The Good: Varied menu with a number of vegetarian choices The Bad: Overshadowed by quality of food - need a new chef The Ugly: Neighborhood I would skip it.
Everything we ordered was delicious! The staff was very accommodating, the waitress was super nice and helpful, and the owner even came out to talk to us. There wasn't a single bad thing on the menu. I would definitely recommend Laci's to anyone looking for tapas or someone in need of a nice restaurant for a special occasion.
One of my fav spot in syr. Kinda pricey but totally worth it. I love the desserts: lemon raspberry, chocolate and the flight. Mojito is always made well. The owner is very nice she recognized me every time when I visited. Scallops with parmesan cheese is hands-down the best dish ever.
Located in a pretty sketchy area of downtown Syracuse, Laci's is in a gorgeous restored old house. I sat at the bar for my meal, which was fine- the staff was great and attentive. I split the avocado/tomato bruchetta, which everyone seemed to love but I didn't. The bread was a bit too hard and crusty, the bruschetta too cold for my taste. BUT- I loved everything else! We had the butternut squash risotto, bacon-wrapped dates (amazing!) and the spicy shrimp. The sauce on the shrimp was VERY spicy, but delicious. The only qualm I had with the shrimp is that they were teeny tiny- almost salad shrimp size. Otherwise, amazing meal!
Came up to Syracuse to move my nephew in to college at Syracuse University and found this place totally by chance on YELP.  I have to say, I will be back!  Perfect small bites and great service!  Try the bacon wrapped dates as well as the brussels sprouts!  Cannot be missed!  It's in a small house on a seemingly residential street so don't miss it!
Wow. Tried this place for the first time last week. Was completely surprised in a million positive ways. First, the ambiance was amazing. Hip, fun, perfect. Second, the hostess and another woman who I assume to be the owner, were super welcoming. It just set the tone for an awesome evening. My sister came to visit very last minute and I wanted to try some place new. We ended up at Lacis with no reservation. We never imagined we would need reservations on a Tuesday in Syracuse, however, they were pretty busy. The hostess and the woman (whom I assume was the owner) did not skip a beat. They welcomed us and brought us to a table anyways. The food was amazing. I highly recommend the Chicken Montadas, the flat bread pizzas, Asiago and Red Pepper Gnocchi and the bacon wrapped jalapenos. Honestly, everything was above and beyond in flavor and presentation. Tuesday are half priced wine. What a great deal! Makes it an extra affordable evening. I think they have other specials during the week as well (ie two for one margaritas). Bottom line, quite possibly my new favorite restaurant and I am pretty certain it will be yours too!
Great romantic classy atmosphere with fun staff and good tapas.
I love the location, I love the vibrant Laura and Cindy (hence "Laci"), and the bar scene is an eclectic mix of fun people.  The hip and stylish interior really fits the area and the crowd. Tapas is a super fun way to eat, for two or for a big group. Ordering a few things, seeing what you like that night and then ordering another plate or two to share.  My faves have been the button mushrooms (wish it was a tad bigger portion, though hey $4 what do you expect!), and the martini beef skewers (they come out nice and medium rare so if you like them cook more, you should ask -- I don't!). I haven't tried the whole menu though my suggestion for the food would be to get a little more exotic with the spices, most of them are tasty but fairly bland. Also, a local lager like Utica Club or Genny.  I am not a cheapskate, I will spend $15 on a glass of bourbon, but when it comes to beer I like American lagers and would like to keep my money in the area and a little more taste then a bud. If you are looking for a new place to try, one that you will surely put on  your dining out rotation, this is the place.
The owners Laura an Cindy have done a fabulous job renovating the old Hawley Green Bistro.  The food was outstanding and the service superb.  They eagerly accommodated my Vegan diet and the result was phenomenal.  I look forward to returning to this unique and outstanding eatery on my next visit to CNY.
Pow pow chicken. Parm Scallops. Avacado bruschetta, yum o
UPDATE: These guys are consistently excellent.  Menu keeps changing, wines keep coming and going, but the cool ambiance and great value remain.  We are now regulars. We need more places like this in SYR.
Birthday dinner with friends was a hit at Laci's. Had a number of tapas (which my friends picked out) which were all great. The martini skewers were awesome as well as the shrimp and grits. Sliders were great but advise your server you prefer them well if not they will be medium rare. All in all food was great, atmosphere was just as good.
This wonderful new tapas restaurant nicely fills a needed niche in the Syracuse restaurant scene. The comfortable ambiance recreates the warm and intimate  feeling of Pascale's which used to be located in this building many years ago.  Everything we sampled was great.  Kudos for the berry crepe dessert.  Hope that this new venture is well patronized so that we can enjoy tapas at Laci's in Syracuse for many years to come.
Laci's is a fantastic addition to Syracuse! The atmosphere is very cute and comfortable and the ambiance is great for groups or drinks after work. The decor was modern and inviting. Our server was friendly and knowledgeable and helped us to order properly. The food comes out at very different times depending on what you order, so be prepared to wait if you ordered dishes that take a bit longer to cook (anything fried). We had a group of 7 so there wasn't much on the menu we didn't try. The OUTSTANDING menu items were: the bacon wrapped dates (I think I could eat these every day) and the bacon wrapped jalapenos (better than I could have ever imagined)! The tuna tartare and Parmesan scallops were excellent as well. Everything else we got was good at the least, the one and only complaint I have was the sangria. It just tasted too much like juice, and it seemed as if there was very little wine. Laci's is wonderful and I will definitely be returning.
It is a fun place to eat.  I am giving it three stars because of the entire experience.  The wait staff and the owners were friendly.  They made sure that our dining experience was pleasant.  The food was not much to brag about.  It was good but I would not say that it was excellent. The shrimp and meatballs were covered with too much sauce - sweet and sticky sauces with the grease floating on top.  I love grease but it could be blended into the sauces.  The roasted veggies were a bit burned.  The filet was ok... Not worth the price tag though.  The crepes were good but I didn't taste the butter in them - they were swimming in sauces again.  The water tasted funny.  For the price you pay at this place, I think they should serve filtered or spring water.
The food are great however expect a long wait during Friday night. You should call ahead. I give a 4 out of 5 for waiting one hour for our last dish.
Loved it ! Great bar service(I overtipped). Creative menu & drinks ! Thanks to owner for accomodating us after closing kitchen!! Go here, spend here ! Really surprised at low price charged for quality of food/drinks ordered !!!
Love this place! It is an old house remolded into a very modern, cozy restaurant and bar.  Staff is amazing and the owners are actively involved, visiting our table numerous times.  I love the idea of tapas, as you can order a few and share.  We had shrimp & grits, vegetable manicotti, and cheese/tomato pizza.  Everything was great.  Being from the south I was hesitant to try the shrimp & grits, but it was amazing!! One of the owners is from the south so she knows shrimp & grits :)  Drinks were fabulous.  My friends & I had a caramel apple martini (yum & not too sweet) & my favorite Hot & Dirty martini (dirty martini with hot sauce drizzle.  Everything was great! Make a reservation and go!
First, time at Laci's Tapas Bar was tonight for an early dinner with my daughter. We were seated at a two-top in the bar area. Its a small first floor with the bar as  the main focal point. It has a lively vibe. Nice wine and drink menu for starters. Good waiter and friendly staff, the owner stopped by twice during the meal to check in , never intrusive...very nice. Tapas menu has many choices, maybe 40 . We had the marsala meatballs, bacon wrapped jalapenos, martini beef skewers, and pow pow shrimp. All dishes very good. The portions are bigger than other tapas bars I've been to but that's no complaint. We skipped dessert but before we left they told me of their wine bar upstairs and we took a flight up to check it out. I was impressed with the by the glass selections, and also the full bottles. Very cool vibe on both floors of this place. Looking forward to visiting the wine bar next time.
I went to Laci's last night for the first time and it was amazing.  It had a great atmosphere.  It was crowded and very busy but we were sat quickly and the food came out fast.   My friend and I tried four different plates and we kept thinking the one we were eating was the best, until the next one came out and became our new favorite.  The staff was very friendly and efficient, the owner even came over and hung out for a few minutes.  This will be my new go-to place in Syracuse.
Lovely place---warm, friendly, cozy. The owner is a hail-fellow-well-met person who makes one feel welcome and excited to get started on the food. The food---not tapas, no. And the gnocchi aren't gnocchi. The bacon-wrapped dates are tasty but just that: bacon around dates. No range of flavors, textures, aromas one expects from tapas, or from a well-built menu. Dessert: Ugh. The cake tasted, per dining companion, "like something you unwrap." Artificial flavor and texture, like a Little Debbie snack cake. Not that we don't like Little Debbies; we just expect real food when we eat at a restaurant. We suspect this dessert was built on premade items from a commercial supplier.
Love that there are tons of veg-friendly choices and an interesting cocktail menu. We had the roasted red pepper gnocchi, avocado bruschetta, roasted veggies and brie with apples and pears- everything was tasty and well seasoned. For dessert the peanut butter explosion was good, but the tapas are definitely the stars of the show.
Went to this place for the first time with a friend. I never had tapas before and was a little timid to try it. Everyone on staff seemed super friendly, fun, and engaging. Our waitress was brilliant at her recommendations and kept us laughing. The food was perfect as were the libations. Or rather what I ordered was perfect. My friends drink was not to my tasting but he said he loved it! So that's what matters. I wish I could say it was over priced but for the service, the food and the ambiance...it's perfect. I wouldn't say this place is casual - more business casual. You know, khakis, a nice polo or button down, a boating outfit etc. I highly recommend this place and would encourage people to try it. There is a wide variety of options on the menu, including many glutton free options as well as vegetarian. Two criticisms though...1. They aren't on open table. I made that suggestion to them. I am hoping if more people say it, they might do it. 2. My martini glass was a little sticky. Not sure if it was because of the drink I had, or the fact that it was just a sticky glass.
Calling the menu Tapas is a bit of a stretch since the plates aren't that spanish (e.g., mac n cheese eggrolls) and aren't that small. We ordered three plates and went home with leftovers, even though we were told that we'd likely need to order a minimum of 4 plates. The best thing we had was the the roasted vegetables, which came with a large heaping plate of roasted brussel sprouts, potatoes, beets, and shallots. The flavors of the vegetables were great but the dish was dripping with oil (maybe they drizzled more on before serving?). We also ordered the Parmesan scallops and the scallops themselves were perfectly cooked. Having scallops with cheese was new to me and wouldn't be in a hurry to try again. It didn't help that the Parmesan reminded me more of the kraft green can parmesan than parmigiano reggiano. The beef wellington Laci style had a good combination of flavors and the plate came with three large pieces that were quite filling, but the amount of meat was really small in comparison to the amount of dough and potato.  We walked away disappointed and agreed we had no desire to return. When it comes to tapas, less is more. Unfortunately, the dishes and menu here comes across as over-the-top.
Great food, great service. Will go back again.
Six of us visited Laci's on a Saturday evening before taking in the "You've Got Strength" benefit at the Palace Theater in Eastwood.  Even though we didn't have reservations, they were able to accommodate our party.  The atmosphere is classy yet relaxed, the service is friendly yet professional, and the food was delicious!  The parmesan scallops and the Mexican sliders were my favorites.  Only one thing about our experience failed to live up to expectation - our server made clear from the start that all of the plates we ordered would come out at once so that we could share them around the table, and that didn't happen.  The food trickled out of the kitchen, a plate or two at a time.  One in our party received her order about 40 minutes after we'd been seated, and it was a cold plate, so why it took so long was a bit of a mystery.  Nonetheless, we had a fantastic time and I can't wait to return and try more of Laci's fabulous menu.
Really enjoyed our dinner here - tapas-style means you can order "just enough" depending on your appetite, and the portions are quite generous for tapas!  Overall, the menu is vaguely Mediterranean, but I mean that in a good way - touches of Spanish/French/Italian/Greek cuisine, but don't let that stop you from ordering the Salmon Cream Cheese Wasabi Rice Crackers...they are terrific.  Highlight was probably the Sirloin Martini skewers, recommending by our server/bartender Eddie, and it was great advice - try them!  Considerate staff checked back just often enough to make sure we were happy...and we were.  Pretty sure we caught a glimpse or two of a ghostly friend from Pascale's of years past....just when you think Syracuse is a culinary desert, you realize there may be a gem closer than you think.  We will be back.
We are regulars and love it! When we were moving to town, Laura (one of the two owners) was so welcoming and made us feel at home. Now we bring our friends and anyone coming from out of town. Great for a date, a cocktail after work, or later-night dessert & coffee. Can't wait fir the upstairs lounge to open up!  Value, too- Great food for the price.
