Attentive service with delicious food that won't deny your wallet.  Plentiful servings of fresh seafood and meats.  A must for a pleasant meal out. Loved the namesake rolls, as well as the spring rolls with pork and shrimp.  Bun is not to be missed.
Still same as last time. Food is great and delicious. I love a pho place where the soup and noodles can stand alone without the addition of sriacha or hoisin and this place definitely does it. Price is relatively cheap too; only $8.95 + tax for a large bowl of pho. Downside is service is poor. Staff is friendly but have to flag down waiters. Also the glass of water tasted like it wasn't washed properly because there was this leftover taste and reminded me of ginseng.
Well this place is located in the middle of absolutely nowhere. And wouldn't have given this place is a second look if I drove by. After reading some of the reviews I took five or six friends with me who never had Vietnamese and was determined to make believers out of them. When we pulled up I could smell the star anise and five spice aroma in the parking lot. I took that as a good sign. We were seated immediately in a fairly large dining room, it wasn't extravagantly decorated barely anything on the walls but the tables were occupied. Once again I noted that there was a sizable majority of Asians, this is one of my keys when determining how good a place as before I even need to taste the food. Before I started to describe my meal please note: plenty of pictures below from all our dishes. I had the tendon tripe and beef soup and the salt and pepper soft shell crab. I've had this type of soup before and it was some of the better tendon I've had in quite a while, it was very soft and practically came apart in your mouth. The broth had a mild sweet and spices to it. After a few minutes I did all that up with the bean sprouts, cilantro a few Peppers, by few I mean two slice is of chili pepper. I instantly regretted the chili pepper because it was ridiculously hot, but damn it hurt so good. The salt pepper crab was pretty good you had a good crunch to it and the seasoning was just right. As for my dinner buddies they were a little intimidated at the menu at first but I steer them towards a few of my past favorites and they turned out to love what Vietnamese was. The only blot on the whole night was some erroneous orders and a drink that was way too sweet. But that was an experience ordering and probably a little bit the waiters fault too. Either way other than myself everybody had a meal under $15 . I would definitely swing by this way again if I was in town its a hidden spot that needs to be visited often.
Broth for noodle is really good. I always ate here everytine I visited Syracuse. Peanut sauce for spring roll is amazing too, egg roll is fresh. Boba tea is good too, if you like durian, their durian boba tea taste like real durian. The price is average, not cheap like if you go to NYC.
Food is good, especially since vietnamese cuisine is rather difficult to find in this area. However the service is rather obsolete and has room for improvement. Given the area is in Syracuse, NY, vietnamese cuisine is rare and hard to find. Try the pho noodles and spring rolls
That's one of my favorite places in Syracuse. I always order no. 21 every time I went there. It's the best beef pho I've ever tried till now in the United States!! Really miss it after I left New York...
Pho was great! A little on the sweet side, but very flavorful! I go here every time I'm in town and usually take one to go for later consumption!
This place was our second kitchen when we lived in Syracuse.  The #9 is not to be missed.  The pho is delicious!  Every dish is wonderful.
One of th best pho places I have been and of course the best in Syracuse. The soup is not like any other place and has a very tasty flavor. All of the rolls are very good too. Anything on the menu is a great choice. I highly recomens this restaraunt.
I love a vermicelli bowl with pork and egg roles.  I ordered this tonight and it was delicious - The portion was more generous than other places and it had a good price point!  I will return! I also had the Spring Rolls. The peanut sauce was excellent, and the spoonful of hot chili was an added, unexpected treat. It is not a pretty place, but clean and with good service.
Found my go to pho place in Syracuse! While it's probably not going to be the best pho/bun noodles/rice plates you've ever eaten in your life, I think New Century does exceptionally well for being in Syracuse! The menu was true to a vietnamese restaurant, there were plenty of asians in the restaurant (always a good sign!), and there was quite a bit of dining room space. Reasonably priced, no complaints with the service.
Loved the pho. Dinner with the fam and Gus's first pho!
My first time eating at a Vietnamese restaurant, this place is definitely authentic! My fiancé wanted pho so we tried this place, I got a noodle dish with shrimp and pork, he loved the soup, they were both so delicious!! Will definitely be going back! Don't let the shady neighborhood or the old decor fool you, this place is legit!
Didn't have time for lunch so here I am, having lunner at New Century... I ask the waiter if he would recommend the Pho, he would... still not sure, I decided to have the pork chops instead... hmm, they put some sort of coloring on the chops, which I'm not sure if it's authentic or not. Taste similar to what I'm used to from other Vietnamese places. The dipping source is a little strong for my taste...the surprise is the soup, I was going to ask for a sample of their Pho soup, and here it is, without having to ask... the soup is decent, I will definitely try the Pho next time. Service is good, place seems clean and best feature is being nice and quiet...
There is something about Pho places...they are always so warm inside... The pho was tasty, the chicken and veggies was tasty and the little guy ate his first Pho and noodles here! Memries made!
I've eaten a lot of pho across NYC and really having no other decent options in Syracuse, New Century is a decent substitute. Overall everything here is average, sometimes I've had my soup come out luke warm and the meat in my pho was clearly microwaved as it was frozen in it's medium rare center. Some of the others review I've read on here kind of exaggerate the quality of this place. I've had a lot of pho at a lot of places and I'm pretty easy to satisfy. New Century is nothing compared to any Pho ## restaurant in the city. The regular size pho here would get you the biggest bowl of pho at any Pho ## while saving some money with better quality. You have to give it to the place for being one of the few places in Syracuse that serves edible Pho but please don't get taken in by some of the over exaggerations by some of the other reviewers. It's definitely not the best Pho place in CNY. If you are willing to take an hour drive then you should try going to Saigon Kitchen in Ithaca.
We were driving on 90 and stopped for lunch. The restaurant is in residential area. Inside, were mostly Asian customers, which served us as an additional recommendation. The food was delicious. Service was good. We would definitely try it again the next time we on the road.
Very good Vietnamese food at extremely low prices.  Good amount of flavor with the rift mix of heat. I love the vermicelli bowls in any variety. Worth the visit.
BY FAR BEST ORIENTAL SPOT IN TOWN,  it is vietnamese and very authentic. this place gets a lot of oriental mostly korean students from Cuse.    I use to go all the time. Price is reasonable for what you get.  Short ride from the uni, going towards the mall.  kind of located in middle of nowhere. But this is def spot to visit if you're craving some asian food.   The Pho is legit, as well as the spring rolls.  Portions are filling A true hidden GEM in the cuse.
THE BEST... Vietnamese place you will find in Syracuse and probably anywhere in central/upstate NY. They're always friendly and you can't argue with their prices. I always order any of the dishes with vermicelli noodles because it is just... too good. My boyfriend and I are big foodies and if you want authentic Vietnamese this is the place to go. You will find yourself coming here again and again, I promise.
Coming from southern California, aka Vietnamese central, my standards of good pho are pretty high. Honestly, the first time I tried New Century three years ago, I didn't like it very much. I don't know whether it's my palate adjusting to the Syracuse desolation or the fact that every pho place really takes some adjusting to -- so if this is your first time trying pho and you didn't like it, fear not, I didn't like pho til the third time I tried it -- I actually find myself craving New Century every now and then. Their prices are a little more than what I'm used to for pho, but that's expected in Syracuse. It's still relatively reasonable (running around $8/bowl for pho, if I remember correctly). The classic pho bowl is of course good. The vermicelli noodles are good too. And definitely go with egg rolls. If you're a coffee lover, try the Vietnamese iced coffee with condensed milk. So shockingly strong, but so delicious. Tip: if you're getting regular pho, ask for extra sliced onions on the side. Lather the onions with the brown hoisin sauce and red sriracha sauce, mix well, and eat with your noodles. This is something Californians do commonly, but apparently it's new to east coasters. My friends loved me for it. You're welcome. Minus one star because I've had better for cheaper, but New Century is a treat when you're isolated in Syracuse. Definitely try this place. And, just a tip, don't wear nice clothes when you go, because the smell of pho will thoroughly drench your clothes. It can't be helped. After a nice hot bowl of pho, I'd suggest dropping by Biscotti's right around the corner and grabbing yourself an excellent gelato to wash down the pho or getting a cake/pastry.
While visiting a friend in upstate NY I found out the closest VN restaurant is in Kingston! Even though it's closer, once you factor in the wait and crossing on the ferry, it took close to an hour. So this time I looked elsewhere and Yelp helped me found New Century. So worth the hour drive! Outside of VN, there has only been one other place (a small hole-in-the-wall in Lyon, France) that had me instantly transported back in time with the first bite! It was like I was back in VN, eating a bowl of pho for breakfast at the local corner where the street vendors congregate. It wasn't anything special or exotic, this bowl of pho, it was just simply comforting and filling, and of course, good. I won't use delicious because pho, or any food, from the local street vendors are never described as delicious. Because anything not "made at home from scratch" could never be "delicious," it's just good. My mom & "ba ngoai" would be offended if I ever uttered such "ridiculousness." But take it from me, any place being compared as "as good as the street vendors in [city], VN" is GOOD! The egg rolls are decent, filled mostly with taro, but surprisingly, the "New Century rolls," or house special, are what egg rolls actually are, filling wise. It has shrimp & minced pork filling, along with carrots, taro, and clear rice noodles (some mushroom or "nam meo" too I think). But what's different is that it's rolled in "banh hoi" or a little patty of rice noodles/vermicelli instead of the regular rice wrappers, then fried. Even though many raved about the New Century rolls, I wasn't impressed. Now if they did a combination where it's the regular egg rolls with the special's filling then we're talking. That's how egg rolls are done in my family. The pho came out in a relatively big size. It's actually small if you compare to big cities, but compared to upstate NY and Kingston, it's bigger. It will still fill you up so no worries. The broth smelt heavenly and tasted like home. Literally, home. I'm sure my "ba ngoai" is shaking her fist at me in VN right now O_o. Noodles were well prepared, didn't clump together like it's been sitting awhile, and the rare steak cooked perfectly in the hot broth. No hoison sauce needed. I'm a big advocate of trying things first before adding anything, well except for some lime & hot sauce lol. The broth was very well seasoned, all the spices have melded together smoothly so you don't get just the punch of one spice (usually star anise) that overpowers the others. Add in some fresh basil for another beautiful note and I was good to go. We also tried the broken rice with BBQ pork chops. The fish sauce was very good, not completely watered down like some places to accommodate western palette, but rather just enough so you're not requesting a second serving just to finish your rice dish. Hint of lime, more than a hint of pepper, and pickled strips of carrots made a great dipping sauce for the egg rolls also. Now here is the only not so positive note about New Century: the BBQ pork chops were slightly sweet. I'm pretty sure the menu listed it as BBQ in English so I guess I can't fault them, but traditionally they're supposed to be simply grilled so no sweetness at all. Im one of those who does not mixed [sugar] sweet in with my food, which is considered "salty" in Vietnamese. So that was a bit strange to taste after the pho. And I feel like it could have used a bit more lemongrass in the seasoning/marinade before grilling. I love that it wasn't Americanized but so well done (and true to its roots) that I still saw many people coming by to pick up take-out orders. The restaurant wasn't crowded though there was a steady supply of people coming in as others left. We stayed awhile and enjoyed our food and pondered our next move since we had no other plans except to make that hour drive back. Atmosphere & decoration are almost non-existent but it's clean and well-kept. That's another plus for me because it's another resemblance to places in VN: no frills just good food. The bathroom is old and worn, but very clean. Not even an errant sheet of TP or crumpled paper towel on the floor. I counted four, FOUR! Dyson vacuums in the place. My review on the wait staff is mixed. There are a couple who speak English well and was very good with taking our orders and refilling our water. There was a couple who didn't speak much English and one of them even forgot our additional order of the New Century rolls (we figured might as well while we're here). And I even ordered in Vietnamese once I realized he didn't understand me. Overall a place I wholeheartedly recommend. I even called to order take-out on my trip back: bun bo Hue. I can't really give a true review on that dish because it sat in the car for over an hour and some more in the fridge so it wasn't at its best when eaten. But the broth was very well seasoned and had a kick to it which I loved. Will update once I try it freshly made.
Now, this may be one of CNY's Vietnamese restaurants, but it's a damn good Viet restaurant for anywhere in the US! I used to come here every other week to pick up a heaping portion of pho (the special) & the shrimp spring rolls are to die for(unique to this restaurant- the outside seems to be a deep fried network of noodles, and their sauce is amazing). They've never skimped on giving us plenty of add ins for our soups, and watch out for the peppers they include! Their Vietnamese iced coffee is brewed old style(slow drip over a glass), so sometimes you'll be halfway through your meal before it's ready. The service here is also top notch. The employees here are eager to please and extremely nice, even if their english is less than stellar. I have to give them props for remembering "my usual" order since I came here so often. Also notable, it's never packed so this is a great place for big groups or a smaller one on one session. Can't beat quality service, pretty cheap prices and authentic food.
This place is a treat, simply because it's hard to get to and it's actually decently priced for the quality and quantity. There's no other place in Syracuse to get pho this good. You've heard about the food: Unless you're craving rice, go with the noodles. Large bowls with tasty soup - lots of meat and all the sauces you can think of (fish sauce!!), it's a bit salty - MSGish (what Asian food isn't), so be prepared to go home and plop in bed afterwards. I want to rave about the drinks. Sure they don't have Thai iced-tea, but their Vietnamese coffee is seriously so delicious. It's strong, sweet and just refreshes your mind. Even though it's cold as freezing hell right now, I could do with a Vietnamese coffee on the rocks! And the new drink I tried (forgot the name actually) was strangely delicious. It was soda water, raw egg, condensed milk (and something else)? It tasted like light cream soda with real cream, strangely enough like milky candy. It's was bit expensive for what the ingredients are, but I saw the waiter actively mixing like no tomorrow behind the bar, so maybe there's some sort of manual labor I don't know about? (jk) Nevertheless, if it's raw egg, I rather drink it somewhere where they do it right, and by the lovely fizzy, candied taste of this drink, I think they're doing it right.
I've been craving for Pho since I've moved back up here!  I'm originally from Southern California and can get Vietnamese food right down the street and for cheap.  We rarely come up to Syracuse because it's almost 2 hours away, but we had to drop off someone at the airport and was able to squeeze in time to grab dinner here.   Their pho was DELICIOUS!! A little stingy on the bean sprouts, basil and lime. Ice Coffee with milk is really expensive here- $3.95! They didn't have the usual condiments on the table like hoisin sauce and sirachi.  I had to ask for it and when the table behind us asked for it, they just took mine away :(
New century is - hands down - my favorite restaurant in Syracuse.  Not fancy but always clean...  cheerful, efficient service....  great food...  and the best cafe sua da (iced coffee with sweetened condensed milk) that I've ever had anywhere.  I happen to love Vietnamese food and everything from the pho to the vermicelli dishes....   the house special crunchy fried shrimp rolls...  goi ga  (Viet style chicken salad)... is all excellent.   Prices are moderate and in my opinion - being an ardent fan of Vietnamese food and having tried it in NY, NJ, Philly, DC, Seattle and San Francisco...   this is some of the best in the US.  Admittedly, I have not tried any Vietnamese restaurants in Orange County CA but I think New Century would compare favorably even to places in that market.
I was here last weekend and I enjoyed it. It wasn't anything special but definitely a good meal. The highlight was the spring rolls. They tasted fantastic and were filled to the brim. The peanut sauce was beyond wonderful. I don't recall what the name of the dish we split for dinner but it was number 37. It was good but didn't blow me away. Definitely is someplace to check out but I don't find it to be the beacon of amazingness that other people claimed it to be. Then again, we didn't have any pho which is what most people praised.
Lived in Syracuse for years. So to visit for the holidays from NYC and find this place on Yelp?? I believe Santa (aka Yelp) sent us here! Arrived around 11:00 and found us to be their only customers. Quickly wondered if we were miss led, considering the carpet and interior "design". After the egg rolls were delivered and dipped in the sweet and spicy sauce I felt a huge sigh of relief! Phenomenal!!!! The Pho then arrived!!! All I could think was "How come I can't get this in NYC?!?" (I'm sure I can, but damn) I need this place to be here every time I come back to SYR!!! BTW, the HEAT does sneak up on ya!
Delicious food, warm services, and good value. I've tried many different dishes, most are really good: ++ Pho is addictive, superbly comforting in Syracuse cold winter.  I like the one with raw beef and tendon.   ++ "Broken" rice dishes ++ spring rolls, I prefer fried variety ++ Grilled chicken with lemon grass
3.5 The walls at this restaurant are quite dirty. A subtle nod and wink to the old century, no doubt. Also, my wife was discomfited by the security cameras. This is fine with me; I love appearing on closed circuit television, which is, after all, far more intimate than network television. The food was really pretty good. I was quite impressed with frog's legs. They were meaty and cooked perfectly. Vegetables were crisp. The staff was not unfamiliar with the concept of heat. My wife's canh chua (a far better benchmark dish than pho) was pretty righteous. And I was satisfied that the okra was cooked to be okra, not okra goo paste. I would totally come back. This place is infinitely better than Dinosaur BBQ, which is a really mediocre place that masquerades as a good, popular one.
I went here on a Friday night with some friends.  It was no problem getting a table. The food was tasty and the menu was huge- I'll be back to try a few more things.  I had a vermicelli bowl, kind of a variety of things on top.  All very fresh and tasty. I reserve the right to upgrade to five stars after a couple of more tries.
My wife and I stopped at New Century on our way from Washington, DC to Montreal for a vacation.  It looks pretty nondescript from the outside -- it's in a residential part of town -- but on the inside it has a nice, definitely casual vibe.  It almost has the feel of a local rec room or cafeteria -- chairs are not all the same, tables are kind of scattered about.  And we got there the night before Christmas Eve, so things were pretty dead. But don't let that deter you.  This was some excellent food.  We started with some veggie garden rolls with pork, vermicelli, and vegetables.  It was not too original, but very tasty and with a nice, slightly unusual peppery kick to it.  For the main course, we both got a vermicelli bowl.  Hers was grilled shrimp, which she said were cooked and seasoned perfectly.  It looked delicious, with lots of greenery -- it wasn't just noodles and sauce.  But mine was by far the better choice, with a combo of shredded pork, grilled pork meatballs, and sliced egg rolls.  These were all delicious -- tender, meaty, a little smoky, and again, very well seasoned and flavored. Would definitely recommend New Century to anyone who happens to be in Syracuse and is looking for some more-than-halfway-decent Vietnamese food.
I went here last night for the first time after reading reviews on here and hearing about this restaurant from some other sources. I have never tried Viatnamese cuisine before and was excited to dig in and give it a shot.  For beverages, they offered many tradiational Viatnamese drinks, including coffee and sodas.  I opted for a beer - though they did not have any Viatnamese brews on the menu.   For an appetizer, I tried the grilled beef skewer, and it was fantastic.  It was served with a spicy peanut dipping sauce which enhanced the flavor even more.  I had been intent on ordering pho for my main course, so I went for it.  I ordered the "Beef Stew" pho - big mistake for me.  The broth, vegetables, and noodles were amazing - very tasty and spicy.  However, I did not realize that the "stew" would consist of various beef parts like stomach and tendon.  Not my favorite parts of the cow, unforunately.   Despite my ordering mistake, I would highly recommend the pho here.  The various other dishes ordered by our group smelled wonderful, and I tried some of the spicy beef with chii pepper and lemongrass ordered by another in our group - and it was great.   I'm planning on giving New Centry a try again in the future - this time for one of the Vermicelli bowls mentioned by others here, as those looked great as well.
We were looking for something tasty during a road trip back to NYC and really didn't fully appreciate what we were getting ourselves into when we stopped at New Century.  Basically, Vietnamese food so tasty that I'm ruined for all Manhattan Vietnamese options for at least a few months.  Shit. We ordered a ridiculous amount of food for four people, destroyed all of it, then as we were starting to feel guilty about how much we just ate... somehow justified ordering "just one more bowl of pho".  I honestly can't wait to pass through Syracuse again so I can come back here.   Side tip, watch out for that habanero, even just tossing it in the pho broth and letting it soak is enough to make the bowl get pretty spicy.
You guys don't know how good you have it.  I ate at this restaurant every weekend when I attended SU.  Now, I'm in NYC, desperately looking for a replacement.  There's none!  Yeah, you heard right, in the middle of food mecca America, and the Vietnamese restaurants here can't hold a candle to New Century.  Yes, the decor is not entirely appealing, and it gets busy at times.  But, the food is spot on.  Everything is cooked the way it's supposed to, with no short cuts taken (well, maybe a little here and there, just because it's hard to get Vietnamese ingredients in Syracuse).  At this point, I'm mostly nitpicking.  I shouldn't, the food is very good.  Plus, it's very reasonably priced. I've tried most of the Vietnamese restaurants--at least the biggest ones here, anyway--and I'm tempted to drive four hours upstate this weekend just to eat at this place again. If you're reading this review, read no more.  Go!  Now! P.S. Do try their weekend specials.  They're usually dishes you can't find on a regular Vietnamese restaurant menu because they're such a pain to cook. P.S. 2 Please tell them to come to NYC and open up a restaurant here.  I promise I'll be there every weekend (and many weekdays, too).
We rarely come up to Syracuse and when we do we usually opt for the Dino BBQ.  Wanting to try something new, we checked out Yelp and decided to visit the New Century.  So glad we did! New Century has the largest selection of Vietnamese dishes I've seen anywhere in the area.  I started out with the spring rolls that contained both shrimp & pork.  My husband had the Vietnamese roll which was fried and contained ground pork and yam!  I actually preferred his roll to mine, but mine was tasty enough. For dinner I ordered the special combo bun (vermicelli) which came topped with grilled shrimp, grilled pork, grilled chicken, meatballs & a pork roll!  It was crazy and delicious and I couldn't finish the damned thing!  My husband had the brisket & rare steak pho which was also very tasty and didn't have an intense anise flavor which I appreciate but he prefers the anise.   I also ordered a Vietnamese iced coffee with condensed milk which came in this sweet little mini coffee press that sat on top of a glass of the milk.  The coffee dripped out of the bottom of the press into the milk and once it was done, you poured it all into a tall glass of ice.  Very cool presentation....I want to find a couple to keep at home for entertaining!  The coffee was super thick and strong and topped off the meal perfectly.   Next time I'll branch out and try the frog legs!
Better Vietnamese than one can find in manhattan. No joke. If we are ever in this area again, we will absolutely stop here to eat. Ordered pho (so good we ordered twice) w a lot of meat and just rare meat (delicious delicate broth and great chewy not limp rice noodles), 28 / broken rice w meatloaf and pork and egg (tasty), fried chicken wings (sooo good and crispy/not greasy) and 39 grilled pork on Rice noodles w so many nice greens, and spareribs and shrimp (flavorful and delicious). Everything about here was delicately flavored well prepared and a hilarious setting - felt like u were in someone's house or a church basement. Clean, nice service, attentive water filling up and great prices.
The Vietnamese food is good, probably the only place in Syracuse I would go to. That being said, if you're not used to Vietnamese food, they don't "Americanize" it here like some people expect, so you're getting the real deal. If you expect some sort of Asian fusion--you've got the wrong mental setting. Go with some friends who know what to order. (I recommend going with friends anyway--the decor isn't too uplifting especially if you're planning to eat alone.) That being said, The pho is good. Like Yen E says below, the veggies for the pho can be a little lacking, but sometimes it's nice to go someplace and have pho instead of making it yourself. The goi cuon (summer rolls) are great. I highly recommend the butterfish. Some Americans I've gone with mention that the clay pot items are too salty. This is traditional--so if you don't like that sort of thing, might be best to ask before ordering it. I always go with my family and the last 3 times, have had excellent service.
Came here before visiting my girlfriends family. A real hidden treasure tucked away in a quiet part of town. I had the pork spring rolls to start, which were delicious and generously sized. For dinner  I had the beef pho with stew beef, tripe and cartillage. The broth was a sublime mixture, and no complaints except the knobs of cartillage, which were difficult for me to manange even after I switched to a fork. The decor leaves you wanting, but the food is too good to ignore. Do yourself a favor and step into New Century
We came here for lunch as it was cold from all the snow. The place is not so inviting as it is within residential and not the best residential areas in Syracuse. I asked the waiter for any recommendations and he doesn't seem to know what's best to recommend. Their large pho bowls are small though I may say the pho are very good. They also put in habanero instead of jalapeno so be careful about adding these to your already spicy pho. VN Spring roll are not the best either along with their peanut sauce which lacks flavor. VN only music played in the stereo.
WE LOVE THIS PLACE!! The food here made me say "I'm so happy" out loud over and over and over again after eating it. Generous portions, amazing prices, fresh ingredients and tasty flavors. The steak pho is delicious and made my tummy warm and happy. My fiancé, who is vegan, had the vegetable stir fry, which was HUGE and packed full of at least 5 different veggies (took some home for lunch tomorrow!) We'll definitely be regulars after this.
Best Pho in Upstate NY!
ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS! This is by far my favorite vietnamese cuisine in the city and I have been just about every where you can go.  I always get the number 65 with extra beef and extra rice (cus i just cant get  enough) I reccomend this over Mai Lan with all my heart lol.  Everyone I bring here loves it.  The feel inside is very warm and cozy :)
Near inedibly salty pho, (relatively) small portions, terrible service. Probably the least tasty pho I've ever had, with the worst portion-price ratio I've ever seen.  What would be a small size at most pho shops was the only size here, and they charged $7-9.  The kicker was that because the pho was so goddamn salty, I really needed water, and not a single refill was offered as I sat and watched four waiters dicking around on their phones, reading the paper, and broing out.  The people behind us solved the problem by asking for an entire pitcher of water for their table, but fuck that.  Girlfriend's shrimp weren't cleaned properly, either. Guess I'm gonna have to go a year without pho, because I'm sure as hell not eating it here.  Sucks.
My husband and I visited New Century tonight as it seems it is the most frequently rated by Syracuse Yelpers.     We were not disappointed.   We walked in to find almost everyone in the place was Vietnamese - a very good sign for any ethnic restaurant!     We tried a couple appetizers that were very tasty - one was a spring roll, the other a house special but I do not remember it's name - it's #9 on the menu though. For entrees, I had the Pho which was excellent.   My husband had a combo dish that was also really good.     Big portions, low prices, great food - who could want anything more. We've been in an Indian food rut lately, I think New Century may have just pulled us out of it!
I was a bit concerned that my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Syracuse has fallen off; a few Yelp reviews note small portions and a decline in quality. A few of us stopped in on Saturday night and agree that this is still as good as any Vietnamese we've had. Absolutely superior to every place in Eden Center. I can't account for the reports of small or expensive portion sizes of pho - I don't doubt that people have had some bad experiences, but my pho with rare steak and meatballs was enormous (over a quart of soup) and under eight dollars. Not the five-dollar bowl it was in 2006, but a huge bowl and a good bargain nonetheless. And the cha gio are still spectacular. The decor is spartan at best and the service isn't always the most attentive (though it's friendly without fail), but New Century is still serving very good and inexpensive food. Glad to see that.
When  your looking for it, know that it's more in a residential area. The space is pretty big with a bar section and a full sit down section. I thought maybe I was in luck cause I saw 2 Asian men coming out of the place. They have a lot of things on the menu other then pho. I had the special which was vermicelli noodles, fried catfish, shrimp and beef. I'm not a fan of spagetti sized vermicelli... Whenever I eat pho or Vietnamese food in NYC I usually get really thin, angel hair or flat noodle typed vermicelli. They had this thick noodle in Buffalo too... (yelp.com/biz/niagara-sea…) Also as I was drinking the soup it became spicier and spicier. I didn't notice it in the beginning but I just couldn't finish it anymore. It could have been the greens that came with that was spicy. Spring rolls were good but nothing really special. I liked that the skin was crispy and it was packed with meat but it was bland and a little too fat. The raw egg, soda and condensed milk drink was interesting. I tried it after reading Christal Y.'s review. I wasn't too much of a fan because I don't drink soda much. It kind of reminded me a little bit of egg nog with soda.
This was a pure YELP! find.  After finding out that there would eb a 90 minute wait at Dinosaur BBQ, we searched yelp for some local options.  This place is just a bit out of the way, but legitimately worth the trip.  Good Vietnamese food anywhere is tough to find, we we really appreciated the BUN and house specialties.  We had a great meal for 20 dollars a head and were back on the road in under an hour!   A fantastic spot either for a quick meal or a long dinner with friends!
I went in with a few friends, not a fancy or really nice place, but way bigger than I thought. It took the waiter a long time to come over, and didn't even begin asking about drinks. We got our food relatively fast. I started with the Vietnamese egg rolls, which were quite good, I was dissapointed there were only two though. I followed that up with a huge bowl of hot and sour soup with chicken. The chicken was very dry, not really good at all. The soup wasn't particularly hot, and the vegetables were sliced length-wise and hard to eat. Overall, it was alright but I've had much better Vietnamese. I expected much better since the reviews on here spoke highly of it. Meh.
Pros: The food is delicious and some of the best Vietnamese food I've ever had. I had the rare beef pho and it was exquisite. I tasted my dining companions shrimp vermicelli and had an instant second favorite. I love their spin on the old classic the spring roll. Cons: Based on the main picture on yelp I was expecting a strip mall but was pleasantly surprised to see that it was in a residential part of town. The ambiance if the place is seriously lacking and a bit dated. However it is a great place for take out
I may have been a little harsh about the pho last time. It is really good, filling, and cheap. Had dinner here for under $20. I haven't tried anything other than the pho, so I'll have to try and branch out next time. The service isn't that great. You see your waiter three times the whole meal - when you order, when you get your food, and when he gives you the check. As long as you don't need a water refill, it probably doesn't matter much.
My wife and I tried this place based upon the suggestions of other Yelpers in hopes of trying to break out of a current restaurant rut we're in. We were very pleased with our experience. The service was good and the food was quite tasty. If you're a novice to Vietnamese cuisine, I suggest trying one of the combo platters. If your a bit more experienced with this type of food, there are several other choices to choose from. It's all pretty good. You won't be disappointed. The decor is pretty sparse, so don't prejudge this place when you first sit down. Let the food do the talking. We've already been back since our first visit and probably would return again sometime before the end of the summer.
I have only been once, but although the soup part of the Pho was good, all the meat/seafood was far overcooked. Having moved from Boston, I have had far better. But I will give it another try at some point.
This is probably the best Vietnamese restaurant in Syracuse. However, since the lacking of competition, they aint that good as a year ago. The drawback is they significantly reduce the amount of food per serving. I used to get a regular pho which was good enough for me. Now I hafta order extra large to get the same amount of food. Their service aint that good anymore either...I'm quite disappointed after my last visit. I'd explore some other restaurants.
I've come here plenty of times over the years because my family is Vietnamese and sometimes my parents are too lazy to cook dinner. The food is cheap and filling and as good as it gets to traditional Vietnamese cuisine and definitely the best in Syracuse. Random Tip: Try the pho, the first one on the list in the menu has the most "exotic" parts of beef and they subtract one type of beef part as you go down until it's just Pho with slices of beef.
Low key and in a residential neighborhood.  Quick service, nice ice tea, and a fantastic meat platter that came with lettuce and these really interesting noodle patties.  Loved it - will totally eat here again.   One comment - the name is a bit generic.  They serve pho and Vietnamese food.
I am a pho junkie. So when i moved back to Syracuse from Seattle (the pho capital of the country) i was sad to see that there were so few pho places. 2 I think. well i gave this place a try and, daaaaaaaang! I was surprised. when you first pull up to the place, its seems kinda scary and smal, but when you walk in, its a completely different tune. quiet, low lit, and very large dinning room. so i ordered a number 16, pho with rare beef and brisket. to my surprise the toppings they brought had habaneros vice jalapenos. so i tried it in my pho. it deffinately gives a different taste, not bad, but still prefer the jalapeno. that set aside, the bean sprouts were fresh and crispy! very good. the pho came at the same time as the garnishes, so before i added my usual hot oil and srirachi sauce, i tasted the broth and was really happy. it was perfect. needless to say, i scarfed down my pho and had a happy belly. this place is a bit pricier than the seattle pho places, 8.95 compared to 6.50, its worth it. keep in mind pho is rather new to Syracuse, they have no competition quite yet. im sure we'll see more places popping up here and there, but until then, enjoy New Century! i sure as heck did!
My bf and I came to eat here yesterday for lunch. Thank goodness as if we had gone today (Tuesday) they would have been closed! They close every Tuesdays now. We were traveling through Syracuse and having lived there before knew that there was a large Vietnamese population living there....which also means good Vietnamese food! We yelp'd and found good ratings so decided to check it out. We weren't disappointed. I ordered the pho dac biet and my bf ordered this lettuce wrap with vermicelli noodles and bbq beef and pork. Both were very good. We also had the 3 bean drink and for dessert the durian and tapioca bowl. The dessert was awesome! The durian and tapioca was warmed up and there was coconut milk/whipped cream on top. My bf, who is Vietnamese, said that he had the dessert as a kid. Not many Vietnamese restaurants serve this. The restaurant, with yes - a very strange name, is in a residential area, off the main street. Good food! Highly recommended!
Vegetarian - This place is weird for vegetarians. They have all sorts of fake meats and bean curds that are a little weird. On the other hand, for meat eaters all my friends say this place is AMAZING. so go there.
I was missing Thuy Noodle House in Utica since they closed so I've been scouting Yelp for a replacement. Went to Century and tried their rare beef and brisket pho, Mi Hoan Than ( egg noodles with ground pork, roast pork, and pork wontons) and the fried pork chop with fried egg over rice. The beef pho was great! Almost like Thuy's. The pork broth was nothing to write home about. The broth tasted to fishy. The wontons were nice and plump but needed a little more flavor. And the pork chop was red! Like it was rubbed with the same stuff they use for red roast pork! No! I know it is probably made different in every Vietnamese household but it made me miss Thuy even more. But all in all, if you want pho, this is the place to go to. Until I convince Thuy Noodle House to reopen!
Don't let the name on this listing fool you, this isn't a real estate company, or some shell company laundering money through Nauru, this is a restaurant and a darn good one too.  Hands down this is the best Pho I've had outside Vietnam.  Give it a shot.
New Century has nice staff and very good pho. We also had a coconut juice which was so pure and fresh tasting, a Vietnamese iced coffee, and the spring rolls. All were delicious and I have NO complaints. In fact, my fiancé is a major coffee drinker and we went somewhere once for Vietnamese iced coffee and he was disappointed but he tried this and it was amazing- he wanted another one but because of the price he did not. I was in Vietnam last year and the iced coffee is exactly as it was there. The condensed milk they use with the bold coffee flavor over ice is heavenly. Definitely worth the price.
My boyfriend had the rare steak pho and I had the egg noodle soup with wonton. The service here is very slow. We sat at the table a good while before they can for any type of order. We ordered and everything came before our drinks. We were actually just about done our meal when the drinks arrived. This was only after we asked for them again. The pho broth was good but on the sweet side. The steak was over cooked but he enjoyed. He got use to the sweetness. My soup was just ok. The broth and won tons were good but the egg noodles were not quite done enough. The ginger wings were very meaty but needed to be cooked longer. Overall a decent place.
I'm satisfied to have found a good pho place in Syracuse.  I was satisfied with my meal and didn't think the price was too much for what I got.
I have never had outstanding service from a Vietnamese restaurant all my life. New Century is no exception. It's not bad per se but they don't go out of their way to please either. But, because it is what it is, the great food brings my family back to this place time after time. Their pho broth is some of the best anywhere and it can easily compare to some of the best found in a larger city. The sprouts, basil, lime and pepper are always as fresh as they can be. As one warning though, be careful with the pepper slices. If you decide to leave it in the soup, it can turn very intense. I also like their beef stew pho quite a bit. Perfectly cooked with just the right taste and tenderness. Their rice noodle used in the pho (the flat kind that is not vermicelli but the Cambodia version of ho fun) is unusually prepared well. Unlike in most restaurants (and home as well), they do not kill the noodles by overcooking it. It's stringy and it breaks apart when bitten into. Perfect! If you're into hot and sour soup (no, not the American Chinese kind), you will like theirs. Perfectly balanced between sweet and tart. The downside is that it's quite costly for something that is so modest. Bun (meat over a bed of dry vermicelli) is also recommended. You'll find the portion size to be unexpectedly big. As you walk in, pay attention to their specials menu. You may find some home style cooking that is out of the ordinary for a restaurant. Lastly, to other reviewers, please don't judge the food if you're not familiar with what's you're ordering. It's very unfair to the business if they are receiving lower ratings just because you find things weird.
Good authentic (at least by Syracuse standards) Vietnamese food. The food is cheap and plentiful. The service is average and the decor is tacky, though. But we come to a restaurant for food, and this one has that on point!
wow syracuse has good pho!  i can never seem to finish either.   friendly staff. also i like the dumpling soup, sour sop shake, avocado shake, and tamarind drink.   casual dining room is nothing fancy, but clean and i come here for the food.
Fantastic Pho. Worth the 30 minute drive it takes us to get here. Good prices, great service, big portions.  Highly recommend for your Pho fix.
The dish I have tried was A-Ok. I wish they could it made it more authentic and hotter. But like the family touch they have and will go back to try new things.
By far the best Vietnamese restaurant I have eaten at. I get the vermicelli noodles when I go (i think it's #34) and it is so delicious. The spring rolls are delicious as well and the dipping sauce they serve with it is great! The prices are good as well.
I had avoided Vietnamese restaurants since I returned from living in Asia, as I feared that I would never find one I enjoyed as much.  There's a lot to be said about the first time trying and falling in love with something... You think that everything else falls a little short.  Not true with New Century.  I went there with my husband on Thursday for dinner and fell in love all over again.  The pho broth is so aromatic, and it's only made better with the basil, lime, bean sprouts and hot sauce.  I got the rare beef pho, number 19.  We also split an order of the New Century egg rolls, and they were AWESOME.  The crispy rice noodle exterior is unique and delicious... Even our seven year-old couldn't get enough, and he usually eats like a bird.  The iced coffee with condensed milk was the perfect counterpoint to the spicy pho... Hot and spicy with cold, creamy and sweet was the perfect mix.  I loved it so much that we went back on Friday AND Saturday (three days in a row).  Would have gone Sunday, but already had plans with family.  Absolutely my new favorite restaurant in Syracuse, and it's been busy all three times we went.  Service on busy nights is a little slow, but well worth it.
First time having Vietnamese food tonight with my fellow culinary explorer and friend Mike. Tried durian, tripe, and tendon for the first time. The food was very well prepared and absolutely delicious.
Stopped here for pho when we were in town. The pho was delicious and just what we needed to help keep us warm during the cold winter. It wasn't the "greatest" pho that we've ever had (that title belongs to Green Leaf in Seattle, WA) but it was still damn good. Would most definitely eat here again when we return back to NY.
Great pho and spring roll. I always order them.
I love coming here when I'm in town. It is really a hidden gem, literally. Located in a residential area, the restaurant is the first floor of a house and operated by family. The food tastes home cooked and not greasy. The portions are generous and the price is right.
For the scarce amount of quality Vietnamese spots in upstate New York this place is a gem. Granted that it has a strange name and is located in kind of a strange spot. The place is in an old bar or hall but food is still excellent... Really! I had an order of spring rolls and a bowl of beef noodle soup (pho tai). The plum/hoisin sauce with the spring rolls was kickin good and the rolls were a bit on the skinny side but had some good flavor and an awesome texture. The pho was tasty and like home minus the smell of spices. My throat wasn't itchy after so I suspect that there was little or no use of MSG. I like the spot for where it's at and I would stop by again.
Good pho and a lot of variety on the menu.
The Pho at the New Century is beyond description. The broth was rich and delicious. I was excited to find great Vietnamese cuisine in Syracuse. It made me feel like I was at home in Seattle. Their menu is complete and includes many of my favorite dishes. Try the pork in the clay pot, or the butter fish. Be aware, as they  use sliced habanero instead of jalapeno pepper to spice up the broth. The Pho was as good as I've ever had. I'm very impressed. JR
It gets a four star because its the best in Syracuse but honestly, it is generic Vietnamese food. Pho is a little sweet and the meat is very tough. The pork and rice is sort of dry. The egg rolls are very cripsy and tasty but a little over price. Vietnamese coffee is pretty good but also a little overprice. Decent food but over priced.
Great no-frills authentic Vietnamese. Fast service... Reminded me of my favorite haunts in NYC. Thumbs up!
This is one of those places that fits the bill for "a hole in the wall."  This place had a funny smell to it, but the food is tasty, the prices are cheap and the portions were huge!  They also have some exotic menu options like frog legs (yum) and bbq pig intestine (I don't recommend this: my friend ordered it once and I didn't care for it).  I really like the vietnamese coffee and the shakes.
I find it strange that other reviewers are comparing this favorably to Vietnamese restaurants elsewhere in the U.S. It doesn't stand up well to those in Philly, DC, California, etc. It's the best in Upstate New York that I've encountered so far, but that ain't saying much. The pho is actually pretty good, but portions are much smaller than in major U.S. cities for the price. The egg rolls (cha gio) were overfried. Their filling wasn't that great. Summer rolls (goi cuon) are pretty good. The service was rather poor, even for a Vietnamese restaurant (where service is almost universally terrible compared to most Western restaurants). But again, this is the best you'll get in the area.
This is a wonderful restaurant! Serves perfect Vietnamese food, just like back home in San Diego. My favorite dish is the rice vermicelli with everything in it, and I mean, eeeverything. Definitely worth the extra bucks!
Really good basic Vietnamese resto on the North Side in Syracuse.  Pho was fantastic: depth, complexity, about 1 liter serving siize.  Bun was excellent as well--bun needs that delicate balance between light/heavy, sweet/salty, crunchy/smooth. They hit it spot on.  The drinks are great, the staff is very nice, parking is close.  We just became regulars.  Go to this place.
Went there twice. Was not impressed
If you like Pho, then this is the best in Syracuse. I've tried in the others in town and none really quite compare. I almost always get a rare beef Pho and the Spring Rolls. It's in a location that you wouldn't just happen by and the decor isn't what draws you in... in fact I was a little nervous on my first visit when I saw it, but once you get your food you know why everyone keeps coming back. BTW, if it wasn't for YELP!, I would have never found this place... now I'm a regular!
Good pho. Bowls were a little small. Tendon chunks were way too big for my taste. Egg rolls and spring rolls were delicious but the spring rolls were a little small. Also, you must try the Vietnamese beer. Pretty good stuff!
New Century's great if you're familiar with Vietnamese cuisine. It's my favorite Pho spot even though there's not much competition. I'm addicted to the rare beef and spring rolls. The service is quick and the waiters are always super nice. It's great for a group or a couple of friends. I go here often for casual lunches and I haven't had a bad experience yet.
I never had anything I did not like here.  The Pho is excellent - always.  The dry rice noodle dishes are awesome.  The appetizers are tasty and always fresh.  Their take outs are nicely packed.. If you order Pho, the soup and the noodles and the fixings are packed separately so they are not mushy when you get home.
So I should start off by saying I may not be qualified to review this restaurant as I have not tried many Vietnamese restaurants so this review will be based upon my experience at New Century not New Century as a Vietnamese restaurant. Now that's out of the way, New Century as other's have stated doesn't look like much from the outside. I am not the type to be too picky about atmosphere but as some people may be if you're looking for atmosphere maybe this isn't the place to go for a dinner date however if you're laid back and are there to enjoy food you will not be disappointed! It should be obvious by now the Pho is really stellar and probably the best thing to order if it's your first time at this restaurant. The broth alone would be enough for me to come back when you order it do not just throw everything on the plate into the bowl try everything and see what you like as the peppers are spicy which I like but may be overpowering to some palates. The Spring Rolls are very good a coworker of mine is Vietnamese and occasionally as a treat brings them to us which we devour like vultures and this is the only place I've had a spring roll that can even compare to hers. Vermicelli Bowl is another stand out dish. The drinks are phenomenal my personal favorite is the Avocado shake which I know may sound weird but it is heavenly! Very filling though so order with it being a desert in mind.   Now onto the service, I've had a great experience each time I've gone the staff are very friendly, attentive, and you don't feel rushed. They are also great about giving recommendations to '"first timers".
Very strange name, very good pho. On the outside of the restaurant the sign says New Century Traditional Vietnamese Restaurant, don't know why they have Corporation in the name on yelp, sounds like a realtor or something. Anyway back to the food, i had the Pho Tai Vet and it was definitely in the top 2 or 3 phos i have eaten in my life. The brisket was nice and fatty, just the way i like it. Decent size bowl for $7, i could just barley finish it and was starting to enter a sleepy phoma (pho coma) upon finishing. This is the first time i have had pho served with habenero peppers, which kicked up the heat level quite a bit. Broth had a little less flavor than my favorite pho place back home, but still damn good.
My favorite place for cheap eats in SYR.  I've never had a bad meal here. The New Century spring rolls are addictive.  Good service.
Their pho is tasty and spring rolls are pretty good. The food portion is just perfect. :-) To go packing is pretty good ,too. Only problem I have is slightly under cooked noodles. I really like this place and thanks to the yelp!!
Best in Syracuse, yes. But in SF, LA, or NYC, this place wouldn't survive. Flavors are not as fresh or bright as you'd expect from really good Vietnamese food. Lettuce was wilted. Spring rolls overfried and greasy. And the decor and surroundings are just depressing.
This is pretty much THE place to get authentic Vietnamese cuisine in Syracuse.  If you're looking for excellent pho, then come here.  Relatively short waits for food, polite waiters, and the atmosphere is distinctly Vietnamese.  As a Vietnamese person myself, this place gets my seal of approval.
I lived in another upstate NY city that had a large Vietnamese population.  I became friends with several families whom I got to know through our church.  This means that I've had a lot of home-cooked Vietnamese food, so I think for a person who is not Vietnamese, I have a pretty good idea of what good, non-Westernized Vietnamese cooking should taste like.  This restaurant gets it so right!  The food is always delicious, fresh, properly seasoned, and filling.  The ambiance is pretty simple and no frills, but to me, that is a plus. Prices are reasonable, too. Bring on the nuoc mam!
I wanted to like this place, I really did.  :( My boyfriend and I both ordered vegetarian entrees (vegetable soup for him, and stir fried veggies with wheat gluten for me) and everything was just off, from the very beginning when our chopsticks were rotten.  Like, the wood on the chopsticks was literally rotting / rotten!  The soup my boyfriend ordered was overwhelmingly sweet and strangely spiced. The vermicelli noodles comprised a sad little lump at the bottom of the cavernous bowl.  And there were multiple pieces of hair (!?) in my entree.  I'm not sure if it was actually hair, but it was thin, fibrous and plentiful.  I couldn't finish more than a few bites after discovering the hair.  Ugh. I feel like barfing just thinking about it. Two stars for the service, which was fast and the waiters, who were very nice, but I definitely wouldn't go back.
Finally we found a place that serves decent authentic Vietnamese food in Syracuse! Price is very reasonable as well. They even have avocado shake, my favourite! Of course, this doesn't compare to the pho I've had in California, but it's really good value for the money. Thumbs up!
Great hangover food. The servings are very generous and the people there are very nice. Very reasonably priced and very quick. My favorite is number 19, the rare steak. My friends usually ask for extra noodles but I find the regular size is perfect for me. Their signature spring rolls are really good too. It's not the most pretty place but the food is really good and the people are nice which is all that matters
Great food with an extensive menu!  The setting is a little bare but somehow fitting for Vietnamese food.  Highy recommended!
New Century isn't going to win any design awards for the ambiance in the restaurant, but the food is consistently good and well priced.  The pho is excellent.  The spring rolls and egg rolls are very good.  Food is served relatively quickly, and sauces are really well done and tasty.  Seems to be the best Vietnamese restaurant in the area.
Great (Authentic) Vietnamese restaurant in Syracuse, NY. Their Pho really hits the spot on a cold day. Location is not the best and they have a very tiny parking lot. inside is roomy. Any dish on the menu is worth trying
Food was very tasty, but I've never had such awful service in my life. The owner was extremely rude and the waiters didn't understand English and our request to pack the remainder of our meal was not honored. If you do not like taking your leftovers and like being treated like a subhuman, then by all means, go. Otherwise, do not waste your time and money on an awful experience.
