Walden Galleria Mall is a lot different from what I remembered... but I haven't been there for years............ Food choices though is much better than at the Fashion Outlet at Niagara Falls but still you are looking at Chain restaurants: Cheesecake Factory, Melting Pot and Gordon Biersch Brewery Restaurant. Quite a few stores here has unsecured Wifi including Apple and Sephora... Stores are A-OK...but if you want real discount, you might be disappointed!
For real (and with all due respect) everyone who are hating on Canadians?  Sorry for coming to spend money in your Country.....LOLOL!!  Walden's success can largely be attributed to its proximity to the border.   That being said - this is a great mall with great deals.  They have cleaned it up and as a result a lot of major chains are back in the mall.   All restaurants (Cheesecake Factory, PF Changs, Jack Astors) were lined up on a Saturday.  We found a hidden gem - Taps.  Great beef on weck and buffalo wings.  Buffalo - you SO know wings :) If you haven't broken the bank enough there is a Target on the way back to the Freeway.   Ridiculous deals.   Thanks Walden!  We will be back, after the dent in our bank account heals......
Walden Galleria Mall is a really nice Mall! It's large, spacious, clean, and has a large variety of stores! If you are visiting Buffalo and staying at any of the hotels near the Airport - this is a great place to go shopping! While here I visited the Apple Store and Starbucks. There were a number of other stores I saw that I wanted to check out - will have to come back next time I am in the area and have more time!
I've started coming to this mall more in my trips down south, since Fashion Outlets is starting to bore me with the same stuff I can get anywhere...not to mention that place is quite high priced for an outlet mall. Overall this mall is just like a typical American mall, with the usual department stores and small stores you can find anywhere else. Its food court could be better though, selections were somewhat lacking considering the size of this mall. It has a nice Apple Store though! PS: As a Canadian, sorry for causing any havoc to your malls. We like to take advantage of your low taxes. :)
This mall has all the features, it is large, spacious, has all stores plus more, along with a wide variety of popular restaurants (Cheesecake Factory, Bravo, PF Changs, and many more.  In general this mall and the whole area is way to congested, and the mall is a little to big and outdated. We really enjoyed this mall when we started going in 2010 but have found recently we prefer most shopping in Michigan as there are so many spread out ares and different type of Outdoor/Indoor shopping experiences.
Yeah, this is the biggest mall in the area. But that doesn't make it OMG WTF fantastic. In the past couple of years, the Galleria has seen some MAJOR expansion. There is a new movie theater, and about 20 new stores and three (or more) restaurants. We now have valet parking for the fat and lazy (or, like me, those with broken limbs.) Though cmon, if you get valet parking at a mall, you may want to reconsider your life. Valet ranting aside, the mall is much better than it used to be. We finally have an Urban Outfitters, but still no H&M. That makes me a sad yelper. I guess we'll always have something to strive for, eh? There are a variety of stores in the mall, new and old. Anything from kitchen gear to clothing to sports wear to shoes, etc. The place is wheelchair accessible, but for such a big place there are only two elevators, placed way far apart. So plan wisely!
Everytime I come to this mall it gets crappier. I mean, it has stores that I like, but I guess since most of the US stores I used to go to Buffalo for are here now, it's not as good. Of course the US counterparts are better and usually have more variety, but it's just not the same. I also want to mention that for a mall this size, it has the worst food court EVER. There's like, 2 sub places, Arby's, a japanese place, taco bell, and maybe theres 2 I'm forgetting. MAYBE. But that's it! There's a Johnny Rockets in the mall which I guess is ok...but kinda skimpy and definitely disappointing.
When we drive by my 3 year old says "Mommy, is that my favorite Mall?"  I'm not really sure why because it is not MY favorite mall.  But I will say that it isn't bad.  So I love outdoor malls, but since this is Buffalo, I get the whole indoor mall thing.  And there are some nice store in there.  I would love a Nordstrom, or NM, but I get it again, it's Buffalo.   So let's face it, as a kid, I loved the mall, as an adult, not so much.  The thought of parking, running through the crowds, fighting to pass the slow pokes window shopping.  I want to get in and get out and get on with my life.  This is NOT the place to do that. So I go for Apple, and to return stuff I bought on line.
I remembered loving this mall as a kid but I don't know if a lot of the stores have moved out over the years or if I was thinking of another mall. Walden has all the usual suspect like Gap, H&M, Abercrombie, etc with a few higher end stores like True Religion and Macy's.  The food options are much nicer than a lot of other malls around but they're mostly chain restaurants. It's a great place to stroll around and window shop but they have a lot of deals around the holidays so you can quickly load up your car trunk.
This mall was okay. They have quite a few nice, pricey stores as well as the more affordable stores, so everyone leaves happy! It was clean, well-lit, and roomy. I had no idea there was this American/Canadian war going on and then my honey pointed out that every car in the parking lot had a Canada tag. I thought it was hilarious. So yeah, even on a school day bright and early in the morning, parking sucks. Overall, uhh, I'd say this mall gets a B-.
Setting: I needed some more professional clothes for school so I decided to go across the border to check out Ann Taylor, the LOFT, etc. This is the closest mall to Toronto so decided to drop by. I went in April right after the Easter weekend. Pros: - it's so clean and so spacious! - not at all crowded (we got there at around 4ish) - so many great stores that aren't in Canada (like the aforementioned stores + Express, the Limited, etc) - CHEESECAKE FACTORY (this deserves its own review!) Cons: - I wish it opened a little bit earlier than 10am - more bathrooms would be nice - not in Canada! Conclusion: I would totally come back to this mall if I want to do some cross border shopping. First though I would check out the Factory Outlets and then come here. p.s. they have a rule where kids under 18 (?) are not allowed to be in the mall from Friday afternoon all the way to Saturday close. I've never seen this in Canada..
getting better go during the day. Too many kids being disrespetful at night.
I needed to kill some time before picking up my friend from the airport and popped in here. This is a pretty nice mall. It's clean, brightly lit, great selection of stores, and well maintained. There's a few options for free WiFi with the Apple store being the most obvious choice. I was surprised that for a mall of this quality and size the food court here is kind of terrible. Maybe I'm just spoiled because The Eaton Centre in Toronto where I normally shop has such an amazing food court. There's about 8 options and it's choices like Subway and Taco Bell. You're probably best off sticking to one of the larger chain restaurants like Jack Astor's or Cheesecake Factory that are scattered throughout the mall.
Ok, so it doesn't have every single store you can think of, but for Buffalo it's pretty darn awesome!  You cannot compare this to NYC, you can't compare ANYTHING to NYC.  And don't blame the mall for what you don't see INSIDE the stores, the mall isn't responsible for the poor merchandise at oh say, JC Penney.   What they do have is a huge selection of over 200 stores from your major department stores (Macy's, Sears, Lord and Taylor) to specialty stores (the previously mentioned Sephora, Coach, Solstice, Lucky, Bebe, and all those other places you'd expect to find).  On top of that, there are some fabulous choices for food including Jack Astor's (which has been there from the beginning), Cheescake Factory, Bravo!, Bar Louie, PF Chang's, The Melting Pot, and Hyde Park.  Plus there is a food court with many choices. One fault I would have is there is no bookstore.  Apparently some deal fell through with Barnes and Noble over an escalator.  Hopefully they will get one in there soon. Be prepared to have patience on the weekends.  Due to the US's poor economy and lowered dollar, there is a glut of Canadian shoppers.  It's really fantastic for Erie county's taxes, but stressful for someone like me that likes to get in, get what I want and get out.  Plus I believe there is no way that new wing of the mall would have been built, nor would we have such fantastic dinner choices without the Canadians.  But could you try to be a little neater?  There is so much garbage left all over the place it's ridiculous.  Maybe break down a shoe box once in a while, ok?  But truly, it's a small price to pay for the wonderful shopping center we have.
This place needs a face lift-she could really benefit from some new lights, new floors, an entirely new food court, knock off a few of those grecian pillars and she'd be a beaut.  Other than that, the stores are the same anywhere else, except the top floor has quite a few independent stores. Next time, I'd rather spend more time at the outlet mall instead of this mall.  Also, coming from the Canadian side, from Lewiston, it's 20 mins further than the outlet mall...frankly, I don't think it's worth the extra drive.
A mall is a mall is a mall. Its huge (thats what she said) and had a lot of stores. you'll likely find what youre looking for.
This is a nice mall, as far as malls go.  I'm not a shopper, never have been.  I do love some of their restaurants such as P.F. Chang's one of my favorites, and then Jack Astor's which is a great one as well.  The stores are typical for a mall, they come and go and I really don't have the desire to go into 99% of them.  They have a big movie theater which I dissed in another review because I always have issues there.  But overall, Walden is a great, indoor mall which is critical in the Buffalo area - to have a large place to get out and away to when the weather's bad.
Great mall with a lot of stores.  My only complaint is how disgusting the washrooms were and I speak only about the ones closest to Macy's.  Overall not a great mall for those doing cross border shopping.  Strollers can be rented and self serve spots for a small fee.  There's free wifi near the Macy's entrance.  Expect tolls if you're coming from Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada, and back.   Store directory but some of the stores that come to mind are Abercrombie, Gap, H&M, Pottery Barn, Best Buy, Macy's PacSun, The Cheese Cake Factory, and True Religion. waldengalleria.com/index…
With great shops on Elmwood Avenue and Allen Street, why go to another big box mall with all the same stores you will see in every big city across the country? Buy local. You won't be disappointed by the offerings of local merchants. I found this mall, like all others, to be a crowded depressing place with sub par restaurants and nothing new or original in it. Blah says it all
I love this mall. Generally, I'm not the type of guy who will go way out of the way to go to a certain place, but I can say that in the times that I've gone to the Galleria, it has always been worth the drive, plus it keeps the little lady happy as a clam. It has pretty much any store to feed your need, is nice and clean, and even the quality of the customers seems solid. A few too many Buffalo Sabre-centric shops, but hey, small price to pay. I also highly dig the amount of walking around room there is. Even when I went at Christmas time, there was very little bumping into people. Bonus points for the several pet adoption shops and booths, the several quality restaurants within the mall to accompany the food court, the little game shop where you can play old SNES games, and the theater.
It's a mall-- what can I say? This is a two story mall.  It's very nice.  There are lots of stores to choose from, and it is very bright.   I noticed that this mall has some very high-end stores, as well as low end.  Shopping fun for everyone.
I'm not at all a fan of malls but this one is very east to navigate and filled with all the stores one could possibly need. Yeaaa for free guest wifi and sitting areas too!
Honestly? I can never shop here. You walk out of one store and into another and its as if you never left...there is NO section, every store has the same thing, though the tailoring quality changes . Though we finay got a Sephora, I still have to order everything online, since the store is uber tiny and has like, 2 hair lines ( Frederick Fekkai and Phyto). Another reason I miss NY...oh Columbia, im counting the days...but back on track... Even though they have added new stores in a weird new annex, the layout leaves much to be desired.  Plus the big name stores don't even have a great selection, which I guess can only be blamed on the merchandiser/buyer. I got a million compliments while shopping ( i was wearing an ensembe consisting of H&M tights, Reiss jacket, and Aerosoles shoes)...and those from NY instanty knew...seriously, if they got an H&M, maybe, just maybe, they could bring style back and bring about the overdue death of F21...
There's a Cheesecake Factory and a DSW Shoes at this mall. Both venues not in Canada. So this is a great place to visit and shop when looking for something that you don't get in Canada! The other stores are just OK, but I have to say the price of shoes and boots at DSW makes only a small dent for the various name brands to choose from.
Love this mall, it has a lot of different stores, there's something for everyone!
Wow. I can't believe I'm only the second person to review this place! I thought I'd be atleast number 50 or something. Haha. Ok. Now onto the review. The mall is huge. Way bigger than the second largest mall, The Boulevard Mall. It has 2 floors. Well,  it's big to me. I dont' really go to many malls. Yet, this one is the biggest I've ever seen. Currently, it's getting a fase lift on it's northern part. Atleast 5 new stores were added in 2006 including, Best buy and a totally remodeled Regal Cinema. I think they might be putting an iMax in too!
The best shopping mall in the area, if you need to go to one. Has a lot of the popular chains and classics. I recommend parking in the ramp closest to forever 21 by the Sears end of the mall and avoiding the whole restaurant food court area. And if you're anything like me who likes to get in and get out as quick as possible, you'll find parking in a jiffy, even if you have to walk down a few flights of stairs. Plus you'll be closer to lush, forever 21, h&m, urban outfitters and anthropologie. What more could you ask for? Froyo now open at the Macy's end of the mall.
Just returned from a day of shopping in Buffalo! The Galleria seems to get bigger (and somehow more confusing to navigate) each time we go there. The colours of spring were in full-force and while massive snow flakes fell from the sky outside,I was feeling warm and cozy in the mall trying on sun dresses! The prices weren't remarkable - no major sales here - but the mall was full of people -- a good sign considering what the newspapers keep saying about this recession. At the end of the day, a few fun purchases were made (which likely won't be worn until the weather gets MUCH warmer)  and I had my fill of Buffalo shopping until next time...
This is a really beautiful indoor mall. It has all the stores that's usually expected of a mall such as Express, Forever 21, etc  and has a large food court. I went when I was visiting Buffalo from NYC and even though it was a Friday, there wasn't that many people. I mean it's the beginning of the weekend and it should have been more crowded but it wasn't.  It felt really isolating, which I couldn't stand. Getting a taxi from this mall to the airport was a mess which I won't get started on.
Great mall! Great selection, great prices, all around good mall to visit! New tiling and renovated bathrooms look awesome!
Compared to the other malls that Buffalonians have to shop at, this is the best. Two floors of bratty teenagers and Canadians, decent restaurant options, and every store you can think of. They have a few new additions of Michael Kors, H&M, Garage, Arden B, 77 Kids, and Anthropologie. Plus two new options in the food court, The Pomegranate and Mr. Souvlaki. I wouldn't suggest coming here on weekends, but other than that it's pretty decent.
Rather disappoint mall. The usual Macy's, Best Buy, Lord & Taylor etc etc but the range of clothing was poor. Best shop in here was the Apple Store with a good choice of stands for the iPad!
Me and the boyfriend went here the other day while I was there visiting.  I really thought this mall had the usual stores you expect to see but a few I had never even heard of.  The mall is ridiculously large.  I was tired just from walking across the parking lot.....lol.  The food court was sort of tiny for such a large mall so I took off a star for that.  Other than that I really enjoyed the mall here.
Wifi in many different stores is a very cool feature.  There's some really good stores but I thought there were too many trendy fashion stores...some people may love that but not for me.  Still, there were stores for everyone in there, a decent food court and some good chain restaurants.
Great place, I've been to a few similar malls to this one, this one is one of the best. Great store selection, however could have better deals. Overall love it!
I come here for JCP, Lord and Taylors and Macy's. It's a hit or miss. One of the better shopping establishments in Buffalo, NY
As a visitor from San Francisco, I'd say this mall is very nice and large, a good place to visit if in the mood for shopping as a visitor.  They have the standard Macy's as well as another seemingly high-end department store which I can't make out the name (due to the script writing) but know for definite we don't have it out on the West Coast.  They have the other standard stores we look for, including Apple and Abercrombie and Fitch.  A portion of their parking lot are multi-level structures, which makes it nice on hot sunny days (assuming parking in the shade is not hard to find).
Very nice mall. My biggest complaint you have 2 areas with rides and most of the rides don't work. By express lost $3 in trying to get my son a ride and on the other side 2 rides worked. This is a nice mall keep you're rides up people us crazy parents that take or kids here would like them to work and have more than one station with retail carts! It's not that hard to have half a brain.
This is one of the better shopping malls in this part of the country.  It is clean and spacious, with stores for almost anything you can imagine.
Need more souvenir shops. Very Clean. Variety of stores.
This is a large mall with two stories all your staple stores.  Over the past year or so it has grown and now has become too crowded.  On an average weekend expect to be annoyed by slow walkers and people standing in the middle of the walkway.  I prefer McKinley just because it is not so crowded.
I am a fan.  I lived in buffalo for 4 years and visited a few times.  I always seem to come back here.  Its not because i like malls.. its because i like this mall.  I live near the palisades mall and the new nanuet mall in Rockland county and i wish we had The WaldeN Galleria Mall instead.  The stores they have here are picked very well.  I do like the idea of having the bar scene outside of the actual mall but kind of connected.  There is an abundance of parking. I dig this place a lot.  Compared to where i live... the prices here are just cheaper.. or atleast feel as if they are cheaper o.0
This is by far the nicest and largest mall in western New York.  For everybody that is not from WNY and asks me where it is the easiest way to explain it is that it's at 3 o'clock on the I-90 beltway.  More accurately it's probably 4 o'clock and this "beltway is really a 90/190/290 ring.  Exit 52 E or W really it doesn't matter if you're coming from north or south you can't miss it as long as you exit there.  If you take the back way around near Target or the Walden Ave entrance near the hotel it's a big enough landmark that you will not miss it. Walden has expanded a lot in the past 5 years or so.  The newer section has a lot of newer high end shops like Lucky, Coach and many new restaurants on that side too like PF Changs, Bar Louie and the Cheesecake Factory.  Forever21 is in that new section as well. This mall has the expected stores that most malls have but it's important to point out that there's Apple and a Microsoft store.  The food court is ok but not great and really hasn't changed from way back in the day.  The addition of the new section has really transformed this mall though while the rest has pretty much stayed consistent. Dicks ended up eventually replacing Bon Ton but there's still Lord and Taylor, Sears, Macy's and JC Penney as anchor department stores along with DSW and Best Buy and F21 as the other larger footprint stores. Parking new the new section is really difficult as all the new restaurants are over there.  There's plenty of parking to be had all over the mall but the new section is particularly busy.
It's a huge mall but at the same time it isn't like you can shop at every single store; some of them you will just skip them. The mall was a bit dirty and torn and there were a lot of high school kids around and you could see security talking to them. My bad experience was that three black kids screamed at me while I was looking at some accessories at Charlotte Russe. I thought they wanted me to go away but instead of saying excuse us they just decided to scream. The stores were ok. I went to the anthropology and it's so huge and nice ambience with candles lit up:) and I got the vanilla Michael kors bag that I wanted! It's on sale and had additional discount and I found a little bit of dirt on the inside and was given additional discount. So it came out to be even less expensive than outlet price.  And they also had nicer and newer bags than the Niagara fashion outlet. All in all I think it's an ok mall. Wear sneakers since it's a bigggggg mall
I remember coming here as a kid as a special trip my mom and I would make before Christmas from the southern tier. Just so much in one place compared to other malls.  She got a lot of her holiday shopping done in one shot. Once, I got matching Americana-themed "Limited Too" fleece sweatshirts with my elementary school best friend. Good times in the mid 90s, good times. Obviously the mall has evolved and changed over the years. Recent additions have brought more large sit down restaurants like Bravo, The Cheesecake Factory, and Gordon Biersch, Texas de Brazil, along with some higher-end stores which never seem that busy. There is more entertainment with the large Regal theater and a go-kart track of all things.  I usually find myself only hitting up a few stores like Sephora, sometimes Macy's, Williams Sonoma to browse. I honestly don't remember a lot of stores that are in there as there is a lot of change and many are pretty specific to certain demographics. I am usually looking for deals so it makes more sense to go to a smaller mall with more concentrated stores I like, the outlets, or discount places. I also usually find it uncomfortably warm in there, probably with the glass ceiling/sky lights and that I am more power shopping than leisurely strolling. Food options in the food court are meh, but wait times at the larger sit down places can get lengthy. If you can, sit at the bar and it will go more quickly. Parking can be a pain, especially in the winter. If you are coming (from Canada, or other parts unknown) with a whole family or a group of people, this would be worth your while so that there are many options for everyone.
This mall is overran with Canadians. They ruin the parking lot and parking garage by throwing their shopping bags and garbage all over. Worked at the galleria for years and after its been happening for so long there should be garbage cans throughout the parking area to assist these rude people in cleaning up after themselves. The same stores have the same.items but cheaper at the other smaller malls. There are shoppingdiscounts given to Canadians but not to us! Overall I try to avoid this mall at all costs. Not worth the stress of parking or being in over crowded stores surrounded by rude canadians
This is just another mall and definitely not the best prices in town.  Nothing special here,  this is not where the deals will be found in Buffalo.  I'm rating it two stars not because it isn't a nice mall, it is and the selection is good. But it isn't the discount shopping experience you can find at smaller, cheaper factory malls and that is what it is really all about when shopping in Buffalo.  I did go into the Cheesecake factory because I hear so much about this place and I am not joking, the cheesecake and other cakes tasted like nothing except sugar. You had to look at what you were eating to distinguish the taste.  You could actually smell sugar in the air (no kidding). I found it tres gross.
I don't go to malls often, and when I do they are usually outlet malls.  But I come here on occasion for the DSW and the Apple store (sadly not too close to each other, but ok).  This one seems nice enough.  Its not so big that you get lost, but not so small that you cant cover a lot of bases at once if needed. Its an odd mix of stores to me, Macys, H&M, Penneys etc.  Then Apple and Best Buy.  So some mid to higher end and others lower end.  Im always a little surprised by that.     Parking here is ok.
It's Western New York's biggie-size mall, from sturdy anchors like JCP and Sears to swanky boutiques like L'Occitane. It's a mall of yin and yang, Apple and Microsoft. Where else in the Buffalo area can you get LUCKY, maybe find FIVE GUYS and TRUE RELIGION, learn the ART OF SHAVING, visit AUNTIE ANNE and the TAILOR and GUESS what, you can even adopt a cat at the SPCA. Tons of COFFEE CULTURE and shoe shopping to be found once you leave the GARAGE, but the HOT TOPIC at this mall is the eating establishments, and you're not LIMITED to fast food, either, although MR SMOOTHIE and MRS FIELDS have been, well, let's not go there. After the movies, you might just STRIDE RITE or SPRINT to the RACEWAY for a bit of fun, just BUCKLE up and put aside your VANITY and wear a helmet and head for the FINISHLINE. Evenings and weekends, Walden Galleria Mall is hopping; relax and expect to take in the store displays as you stroll slowly through the crowds. It's too big for my needs, but a great place if you're looking for a large mall with an eclectic variety and selections not found in other area malls.
I have been shopping here for over fifteen years (I sound so old...). It used to be a little more high end before as it seems a little run down now. They have a Macy's and Lord & Taylor (two of my favourites), but the selection is a little limited compared to other locations. You can find other chain stores here as well like Loft and DSW. There is a wing where all the restaurants are, including: P.F. Chang's, Cheesecake Factory, and Blue Martini. They're all your average chain restaurants that  are fine when grabbing something to eat whilst shopping. Walden Galleria is a-ok; it's not amazing, but not terrible as well. Good for: shopping, dining
"Just an average mall" Went there on the Victoria day long weekend and its just another mall. The benefit to my fellow brother in Canada would be there is variety. The food court wasn't good and with limited choices may be because some parts were under renovation.
Iam spoiled by this mall. I miss it so much since moving albuquerque needs to step it up
This mall is good for window shopping, but I honestly can't remember the last time I actually purchased anything from any of the stores.  It's not an outlet mall, so the majority of the prices here are on-par with stores that you'd find in a GTA mall. There are only a handful of stores that I'd step foot in.  So it would probably be best if you looked through the directory first before you spend the entire day there!  I'm sure that there are better spots in Buffalo to hit for shopping. Food selection isn't the best, in my opinion.  I'm guessing the "best" thing there is Cheesecake Factory which is in this slightly out-of-the-way location of the mall 'cause it's a recent addition.  If you're not into chains, there are other alternatives a short drive away from the mall! If you're here to get a deal, be sure that you check out the clearance racks at various larger stores, re:  Macy's, DSW, Urban Outfitters, & whatever other store that piques your interest. Tip:  If you hate crowds, head here on a weekday!  It was DEAD on a Monday afternoon.
If you're going to Buffalo for amazing deals, this is NOT the place to be. The food court is over-priced (compared to Buffalo food pricing standards anyway); I believe that this is a result of catering to Canadians and understanding how our fare is priced back home. I love Salsarita's but I would not recommend Subway. Their fresh vegetable selection is lacking/limited. Besides, if you're coming from Canada... why eat at Subway's? The better deals are at Fashion Outlets of Niagara Falls. This isn't to say that Walden isn't a great mall. They have a huge variety of stores (especially department stores- Lord & Taylor, Macy's...). But I wouldn't say that this mall is any different from the typical mall (Square One, Eaton's Centre, etc.). If you're lucky, Macy's might have a few things on sale. The benefit of most American department stores is that they carry numerous well known brands (Michael Kors, Nine West, etc.) that Canadian departmental stores probably don't. So heed my words of advice and plan your trip well. Happy Shopping!
I like this mall, I use to love it and thought it was huge but now the mall in Syracuse might b better. Yes this mall has many stores and awesome restaurants. Separate food court from the some what high end restaurants. The stores in this mall are not really different from other malls. The galleria is definitely better than other malls in  buffalo.
Not the best mall I've ever been to but its not terrible. At least this one is less overrun by Canadians stealing your spot or wrecking your car. Apparently the normal, polite Canadians come here. This place has the standard mall stores that I am looking for: Sephora, Macy's, Payless, Dick's, DSW etc. The mall is clean, well lit. Lately the air conditioning has been lacking, like I was sweating in the mall. I've never had trouble with inadequate heating however. Be aware during the weekends, especially nights, the mall cops have a stronger presence because kids cause problems? I've never seen anything though. Avoid this place during the holidays, its insane.
I came down here with some friends to do a little 'over the boarder shopping' and although they did quite well for themselves, I was not so lucky. The mall itself is quite large and has all the regular 'mall type' stores. Overall, this mall didn't blow me away and I probably wouldn't make a special trip to come back. I think I could find the same, if not better at places like Yorkdale or the Eaton Centre. Sure things are a little cheaper in the States but you can find deals that are just as good up here... you just have to know where to find them.
His place is HUGE. It also has H&M, A&F, Express which I visit all the time when I do out of state shopping. I did do some damage to the clearance rack and also my wallet when visiting the Express there. Very Clean shopping mall, indoor type of place, so its air conditioned. I'll be for sure coming back here when Im in Buffalo again. Me coming from Hawaii with Ala Moana and Royal Hawaiian Shopping center, I can say its a pretty nice mall overall.
From dining to dishes, you'll find everything that you need at Galleria. The fact that it is so large that it has two Bath & Body Works makes it a shoppers paradise. Today Galleria is mostly middle and upper-middle class shopping with very little left of the "value" shopping it once had.
Definitely the best mall in the Buffalo area. Great assortment of stores and restaurants but since it's close to the border expect loads of crowds on weekends bringing restaurant waits up to 3 hours. Parking is OK.
I love this mall... not the best mall I have ever been to, but definitely not the worst (and it beats most of ours in Western PA with the exception of Ross Park).   It seems like they have added a lot of stores over the course of the years too, and some restaurants as well.  If you are looking for your good solid mall with most known retailers, as well as the restaurants like PF Changs, Cheesecake Factory, etc, this is your mall. It is clean, very updated, has ample parking.  Check it out :)
In general, I don't love malls. Sometimes they are necessary to shop at since they are a one-stop extravaganza that fulfills most apparel needs. Galleria has the largest variety of stores out of all of the area's malls, especially premium stores. They also have a variety of large chain restaurants. Most metro areas in the US have a mall like Galleria, complete with a Cheesecake Factory, Urban Outfitters, and their typical retail and restaurant partners. I cannot tolerate this mall on weekends and around holidays for the most part. The joint is LOADED with Canadians and becomes more disorienting the more crowded it is. But their clothing and shoe options are the best out of all malls in WNY.
Since when do I like malls?? Come here for soft pretzels, live fitness demonstrations, elusive cosmetics and hair product brands and to stumble upon an absurdly large proportion of shoppers with neck tattoos and face piercings. Apparently it's a Buffalo thing to indulge in both of these ill-advised trends. I shall break the mall's contents into two separate divisions: 1) STORES WE HAVE IN CANADA BUT THAT ARE BETTER HERE: Urban Outfitters - Wouldn't you know it, every time I'm perusing UO's website and come across something I like, it's an item that doesn't ship to Canada or is only available in certain stores - American stores. The UO at Walden is in the new part of the mall with Forever 21 and it's massive and stocks lots of things you can't find at the Canadian counterparts. Also, it's frequented by far fewer douchehounds than the likes of which you can smell at the Queen and Eaton Centre locations in Toronto. Forever 21 - I could hardly absorb how massive this renovated and relocated store was on my last visit. I scarcely had a chance to walk across the entire first floor within thirty minutes and I was carrying so many things to try on that my forearms were squealing in pain. You know the drill: cheap, somewhat disposable clothing, lots of sales, lots of styles and long wait times in the fitting rooms. Devote extra time to this store. Apple Store - Again, there's better stock here. Last time I visited it was unusually empty compared to what I'm used to, and I found all sorts of iPod cozies, screen protectors, laptop cases and other accessories that aren't available at my nearest Apple Store.   2) STORES WE DON'T HAVE IN CANADA: Delia's - I love the cardigans and jeans they sell here, plus they usually have cute t-shirts and knit sweaters, and all are unique and affordable. This store used to be a lot better than it is now, but it's still decent. Auntie Annie's - Soft pretzels. An indulgence for us poor Ontarians that have access to so few in our cities (unless maybe you're from Kitchener/Waterloo). Try to eat fewer than half a dozen in one sitting because hey, you want to actually fit into your purchases from the next store on the list... Victoria's Secret - When you come here, stock up on IPEX bras. They say that La Senza's quality has improved since it's now owned by VS, but I don't buy it. There's always a ludicrous 4-for-1 deal going on here and nothing I buy is ever full price. Peruse the website beforehand for ideas and then go to town - don't forget to pick up some So Sexy shampoo & conditioner - it's a fiendish tool for courting. DSW - I'm not a huge shoe shopper but if you are, join the rest of the Canadian border-shopping masses and stock up here. There's a garbage can right outside DSW that is literally overflowing with shoeboxes and filthy Havaianas, presumably discarded because the shoes won't be declared at customs. J Crew - CASHMERE. Get it here. Again, look at the catalogue online before you go. There's also a J Crew outlet at the outlet mall on Military if you want discounted J Crew from last season. Dick's Sporting Goods - I bought a pedometer recommended to me by Runner's World ($7) and two pairs of last year's Nike Air Pegasus ($70 each) for less than half of what they were listed at in Canadian sports stores. FYI: If you're looking for the CCO, this isn't the mall you're looking for - it's located at the outlet mall in Niagara Falls, NY: yelp.com/biz/factory-out…
Other than being a major clusterfuck on the weekends (especially when it's a Candian holiday weekend), it's a pretty good mall.  There's lots of eating options (Melting Pot, PF Chang's, Cheesecake Factory and more, along with a food court), some trendy stores (Urban Outfitters, etc.) and the staples I need:  Sephora, Apple, Ann Taylor, Lord & Taylor, Macy's, Loft. Tips:   * The restrooms on the second floor near Macy's are heinous.   * The clothes at Macy's are adequate - not as cute as you'd expect but not as bad as at the Eastern Hills Mall.   * If you order an Aunt Annie's pretzel, you must get a side of the salsa-cheese dip. * If you smile and ask nicely, the checkout lady at Lord & Taylor might give you an extra 20% off coupon. * Avoid the Canadians!  They will run your ass over inside the mall AND in the parking lot.
My husband was willing to do some window shopping with me and I grabbed that opportunity. Each time I go here I am amazed at how it has grown.
If I had to rank this mall out of all the malls in the area, I would have to give it 5 stars.  But, seriously, this place is mediocre at best.  If one wants to dress like all of the other Buffy-ho drones, hie thee to the Galleria! Stores I like:  Sephora (finally!), Banana Republic (so I can look like all the other corporate clones), JCrew (so I can look like all the other country club clones), F21 (so I can be 35 going on 16), Dick's (snowboard & golf gear!), Williams-Sonoma (cooking gear), Lord & Taylor (now has BCBG!!), the Limited (cheesy suits but  jersey dresses), DSW (finding that one pair of Cole-Haan is like finding a needle in a haystack), Apple (so I can jack up my iPod). . . Stores I don't like:  All the rest but especially Spencer's, Dave & Barry's, the Food Court (other than Ted's Hot Dogs)
I love shopping malls...call me crazy. Its definitely cathartic for me to walk around the mall and I dont  have to buy anything. Walden Galleria is a fantastic mall. Its got most of all the stores you would want for men, women, kids and even pets! The only thing they are lacking is any maternity stores...check my other reviews for the one I found down the street. A movie theatre, cheesecake factory, melting pot, food court, spca adoption center, macys, jc penny, gap, rampage, dsw blah blah blah...check out their website. The mall has tonnes of parking and is huge. They are really child friendly with changing/nursing rooms and plenty of stuff to do. There are lots of hotels to stay at nearby and its directly off of the highway which makes it really easy to get to from the GTA. I went this past Presidents Day weekend and the sales were amazing!
Hard to review a mall because there are so many individual stores and employees that can make or break your experience.  When it comes down to it, either you like the stores there or not.  I happen to think there is a wide variety of places to shop.  Tons of restaurants, parking is pretty darn good compared to other large malls I have been too and they have an area set up to grab coupons before you begin your shopping.  I think there should be more directories however and that's my only complain.
