Great dive bar in Syracuse... CHEAP Drinks, CHEAP, good Bar food...
I love this bar cheap drinks, cheap food, tons of cool college kids hanging out what else do you ask for? Always go here for happy hour after my classes in Whitman, good time. Over the summer Chucks was voted on top 50 best college bars!!!
oh my lord.  college bar.  insane. We took my boyfriend's little sister out here for her 21st birthday.  There was about a 15 minute wait at 1230 am, it was PACKED inside, and I think if I remember correctly there was a cover.  WHAT?  A place like this charging a cover?  We paid up for the birthday girl, but this is not a place worth paying cover for, forrealz. My boyfriend somehow found a bathroom, and me and the birthday girl somehow found stools at the bar.  I actually kind of like how the bar runs almost all the way around the whole room.  I ordered a shot for the birthday girl (her first buttery nipple.  wow that sounds wrong) and when the bartender saw it was her birthday, he got her a shot of jager on the house.  gotta love that.  So we had shots, some frattty guy put his arm around her, and then we left.  We had to fight our way through the crowd. Nice bartender, interesting layout, but it's also ridiculously crowded nad there's really nothing special about it.  Maybe it feels different to a Syracuse student than it does to an outsider, but we were not charmed by this place.
$3.50 pitchers?!?! What?!
Love the Graffiti on the walls and everywhere. Lauren the bartender was awesome. Attentive and friendly. If you only could go to one bar when around Syracuse U. Go here!
Update here: The food is great, and cheap.  The bathroom situation is fucking atrocious though.  This is an enormous bar and they have one urinal and one stall in the men's bathroom.  When it's crowded, the line is upwards of ten minutes.  So, despite the cheap pitchers, this is a kind of terrible place to get hammered on PBR, but I have learned that it is a good place to have a couple of drinks and have a bite.
crappy, cheap, smelly, and always crowded. the perfect college bar. most popular night is obviously friday, when $3.50 procures you a pitcher of miller lite, pbr, keystone light, or my personal favorite, honey brown. get there early, grab a table, and order some wings or cheese fries to share. however, chuck's is highly underrated other nights of the week, as well. monday night brings dollar pints and burgers, and any other night, regularly priced drinks are cheaper than its marshall street peers. weeknights and saturdays, it's a great place to watch SU home or away games, or any other large national sporting event. i will admit that chuck's loses some of its luster post-graduation (and even post-21st birthday...), but for nostalgia's sake, i always make a stop in when i'm in 'cuse for a pitcher or two and some $3 shots. very friendly staff once you establish yourself as a regular, and they even remember you years after graduation!
Good burgers.
Nice bar.  Big, salty atmosphere, good food, great bartenders, pool, darts, hot young college girls everywhere, SU sports....  Now, if there was more than 2 toilets in the mens room I'd give it 5 stars. Longest line for the mens room every time I go. The line would be bigger if it wasn't for many of the guys that sneak out behind the dumpsters instead of waiting. A bar this big (or any bar) should have 10 toilets at least! When a man gets drunk at a bar he shall not wait 15 mins to spray!!!!
Chuck's is your typical college bar: unbearably crowded at times, graffiti all over the walls, and awesome wings. The crowd is great and I love the beer pitcher deals ($2.50-$3). Even as an alum, I still enjoy going there because it's a great vibe. It can get really crowded on the weekends so if you're getting there after 11pm on a Friday or Saturday night, prepare to wait in line.
Best authentic college bar on campus.  You can't enter Chuck's as a student without knowing 90% of the people there.  Alumni from years ago still rave about how to this day it is still there favorite bar.  Oh, and the burgers and sandwiches are delicious with a pitcher and a game of pool.
after having spent entirely too many hours here as an undergrad i had hoped to be able to visit, have some gravy fries and adult beverages ... they didn't seem to be open during my visit, so i'll have to relive the past another time.
good place, good food, and nice people
of course chuck's gets five stars.  and not because it's amazing, but because it has officially become the nottingham high school graduates reunion spot.  on any given night you will find at least five nottingham grads there having more fun than you and basically running shit
Best priced drinks of any good bar I've ever visited. The food is also good with a great ordering system. The staff sucks but it's understandable because they have to deal with idiots nonstop. Late night it might take forever to get a drink but it won't cost you too much.
I love chucks. Not only because I went to Syracuse which means that this is where you pretty much live but because I've never been able to find a bar like it. What other bar can you find a table and play cards all night long? Stack beer cups into towers? and write your name, favorite phrase, or college year all over. I haven't found any yet. The beer specials are usually really good although last time I went was alunmi weekend not sure if prices were higher. This is the best place to go after the game or for any reason. It is usually full of people and when its not may I suggest some of its incredible food. Oh yes, you can get food with your reasonably priced beer and your sharpie marker....and its good! I love chucks, I think its part of who you are when you go to SU. I would say if Chucks wanted to add a coat check that they would make a killing, I remember thats one of the more frustrating parts of going to chucks is you have no where to put your coat
What makes this bar so great is that it's packed with people I know and love every day. I go into Chucks knowing that I'll see a ton of friends, which is great. But the bar itself really isn't that great. The mixed drinks are bad. The cups are all plastic. The food is OK. The floors are sticky. But honestly, there's no place I'd rather be as a student at Cuse.
When it comes to dive bars, there's a fine line between great and terrible. A filthy bar with shoulder-to-shoulder crowds and consistently uncleaned tap lines can still be tolerable (or better). When it's open at all hours, serves fresh and tasty food, and is inexpensive, it can be a fun place. When the new ownership ditches lunch service, closes its doors arbitrarily, and changes the food for the worse (no half-price burger Mondays? no French-bread pizza?), one has to wonder: why would I go to a filthy bar with shoulder-to-shoulder crowds and consistently uncleaned tap lines? The tunes are still good. Honey Brown pitchers are still practically free. Beyond that, Chuck's has lost its fastball.
Probably the best bar on the Syracuse Campus. There is no certain crowd here like there are at the other bars. Best spot to watch a Syracuse game other than the Dome. THIS IS THE SPOT FOR MARCH MADNESS. Get here early on a game day or you'll be standing in the corner watching the game next to the Mrs. Pacman arcade game. It gets rowdy in here and it's f***ing awesome! The bar has new management, and you can tell the kitchen has been effected by that. The food here use to be amazing...now it's just bar food. The menu is half the size it use to be and you can tell a lot of the ingredients are frozen. Don't get me wrong...the food is still good. This bar has the best playlist I have ever heard. They could sell that playlist and people will buy it, I swear. Who ever out that playlist together is pure genius. This is the biggest bar on the Syracuse campus and in my opinion the best. It's a Syracuse staple.
THE bar to go to near the Syracuse campus, everyone and their mom's sister's cousin's great-whatever's-in-law comes here. That's why there's a $3 cover on some nights, and long lines starting around 11:45pm. If you want to get in closer to midnight, I hope you're patient, I've had half hour waits and as long as 45 minutes once. The drinks themselves are cheap as hell, which makes up for the fact there is a cover. I think a mixed drink is around $3-4 and shots are around the same. Pitchers of beer are about $8-10 for the cheap stuff. Watch out for the nightly specials on the weeknights though. Fridays are my fave because if the $3.50 pitchers of Miller Lite and $5.50 pitchers of Yuengling (!!!). Their happy hour is also great as it's half off before 8. Their $2.25 burger every Monday is quite good, and everything else I've eaten there has been some greasy, delicious mess. I only give it 3-stars because I've been to other campuses where the drink prices and specials are even more ridiculous. Examples include $1 drafts, $1.50 pitchers. The cover is also a bit of a turnoff, for a college bar, there shouldn't be a cover, this ain't NYC!
This would have been five stars. It was in college anyway. But came to the Cuse vs. Miami game and stopped in Chucks. Pitcher prices have gone up significantly and the worst of all -- French bread pizzas are non-existent on the menu. Bartender says there is a new owner who changed everything for no reason. Very sad. Hopefully the owner realizes this was a terrible decision.
If you've ever gone to SU you know what it's like to feel like you live at Chuck's. On graduation weekend, the entire bar was chanting "we won't leave" at closing. We love it that much. Game time there is no where else to be. On regular nights, you can grab a table and play cards all night. Play pool. Play that basketball game...just hang out. It's relaxing and they play great bar music...lot's of 90's...great variation. This is of course from the perspective of an SU student. It's a campus bar so you're going to deal with college students. If you're visiting SU, go to Chucks. Also, this is the most "non-underage" bar on campus.
Chuck's, you may be the sole reason I miss Cuse. I  wish I was joking, but I'm not. My love affair started with you my freshman year, and lasted my entire college career. It all started with making friends with a bouncer who would let us all in, and the last memory I have is singing "don't stop believing" graduation week. You make the best  burgers, fries, CHEESE fries and french bread pizza. Yes, I said cheese fries. At a bar = amazing. Your $3 pitchers of Miller Light consumed my Friday nights. I have countless pictures of friends and I each with a pitcher in our hands, basking in the glow of what $3 can buy you on a college campus. Yes, your lines to the bathroom are awful and it's sometimes insanely crowded - but your amazing food and cheap beer are worth it.   And, you taught me how to balance a pitcher, eat cheese fries and chug all at the same time. For that, I thank you.
For the poor grad students (Maxwell and Newhouse) who have to be in Syracuse during the summer, Chucks is salvation in dive bar form. Even when the undergrads come in fall, it's still an awesome bar. Good specials, chill staff, huge space.  It really feels almost like a warehouse with graffitti carved/drawn into the walls. Service is excellent (thank you Cindy) and fast considering how large the mob can get in here. Pool, darts, and bring your own cards for games available. They used to have $2.50 pitchers on Friday afternoons and the wings are AMAZING. Trust me, get the wings. No better wings than upstate NY wings. We just came back to Syracuse for a wedding 2 years after graduation, and our big group signature was still memorialized on the wall!
No reason to ramble on too much here: Formerly known as Hungry Charlies, Chucks is the main artery of Marshall Street night life for Syracuse University.. At any time of day, Chucks will surely be serving up the cheapest pitcher on the Hill at the incredible price of a days bus fare and attracting faces you will undoubtedly recognize. Its had its problems in the past with minors crowding up the place, but expect to see hoards of upperclassmen inside tagging the already graffitied walls, and come game day, alumni will line up early to assure their deserved seat at the bar or at one of many table. During my most recent trip to Syracuse I declared Chucks, "The Greatest bar on the planet!." whilst playing flip cup with a gang of my best friends. Chucks is an SU institutions that anchors countless memories students will not quite fully recall but somehow never forget.
As a Syracuse Grad I can say there is no place on this Earth like Chuck's Cafe!!  Best place to watch Syracuse Games, best place to eat on campus, best place to have class reunions, best place to go between classes, and the list goes on!
Being new to the 'Cuse myself, Chucks was one of the first places I was introduced to on the hill. First off, I'm from California...so imagine my surprise when I show up on a Friday night and I can snake a pitcher of brew for around 5 bones. UNHEARD of in California. It's Pabst Blue Ribbon, but I can definitely swing that instead of Bud Light. There's definitely a lot of history in this place from college students that have had the odd artistic crave and a permanent marker handy. Anyone willing to walk around the pool table can see a slew of messages both on the wall and table. It's close enough to walk home if you live in the Euclid Ave area...which is never a bad thing. Kinda wish these guys would show UFC's or something on the Saturday Nights they're on. I can't think of a better place to go watch it, because most of the places around the 'Cuse blowwwww. Word of Warning though...I've never left this place without being completely 'faced. I guess you could say that's a testament to how fast the time, and money, can go here. I'll be back soon...Maybe I'll remember the walk home one of these days.
Chuck's has absolutely NO standards and that makes them...absolutely...AWESOME. There's always huge lines outside of this place on the weekends, and there's typically a cover of a few bucks, but it's definitely worth it. (Especially if you're a guy) Inside, you'll find a formidable who's who of Syracuse's hot Freshman female population. Don't sweat an ID if you're an attractive female...you could probably get in this place with an Uno "Draw 4" card so long as you have your boobs pushed together. (My bedroom runs on a very similar operating platform, FYI.) The food here is good and cheap. The menu is far from revolutionary, but choices like french bread pizzas, roasted turkey sandwiches, and hot pretzels give you some cool alternatives to typical bar grub. The wings are really good, too if you are in the mood for the traditional. Most of the girls you'll run into here are already bombed...when you combine that with the drink specials this place runs, your financial investment in trying to close is pretty minimal. That's a huge value prop for any guy who has ever been burned when the girl he's been buying $9 Grey Goose Cosmos for all night politely thanks him at 2 am and leaves giggling with her skank friends. (Yes, Rachel from Long Island, NY...I'm talking about you...) Chuck's has pool tables and dart boards, a projector and a few televisions so it is conducive to other activities besides scouting underage talent which is cool for those classier than me. If you have any other questions about Chuck's, feel free to ask me...I'll be the drunk guy at the bar playing nudie photo hunt with the girl in the frayed Abercrombie jean skirt. She might not be talking to me...but we've been making eyes. Trust me.
This does not get the sentimental rating I gave Varsity.  Thought we'd go to my favorite watering hole from college as a walk down memory lane.  Great music.  Nice big space.  Love the "personalization" on the walls.  But bitchy bartenders, a disgusting bathroom (even for me) were too much.  (I eventually found a nice gal that I could work with to quench my thirst) The bartenders will be begging me for a job in a year.  If they have Chucks on their résumé, karma will rule.
I LOVE Chuck's. It's the best bar atmosphere-wise on the SU Hill. Plus, if you know the bartenders, they'll give you discounts on the drinks. The bartenders are also awesome and super friendly. Plus, the food here is great - the burgers are absolutely delicious. Just make sure that you don't mind the frat boy/college atmosphere - it is a college bar after all. It also gets ridiculously hot in here after 11/midnight, when everybody comes out. And, half off burgers Mondays and half off wings Sundays! Plus, come here for the SU games - you'll have tons of fun. The beer specials are also awesome. And don't forget to WRITE YOUR NAME SOMEWHERE ON THE WALL before you graduate! Syracuse tradition.
This review is for the Monday night burgers only. The food here is good, but don't expect consistency. They're advertising prices not quality of food. However, when they hit the mark, the half price burgers really do taste amazing. It comes with pickles, lettuce, (raw) onions and tomatoes - but what I like best are the onion strings (again if they make it good, it's amazing). Once I had them and they just tasted like flour coating - maybe the dough wasn't fried enough? - but the smell is so addicting that you just want to eat more and more. And of course, cheap discounted pitchers.
Can someone please give me a legitimate reason why Chucks has such high reviews? I'll give you some poor reasons why your judgments are perhaps veiled before your eyes: -out of a whopping 4 bars walking-distance on a college campus, this one has the longest lines -college bar = all your friends = sooo much fun -big enough to graze a hot stranger's ass without them noticing, small enough to lower standards and go home with some bloke, thanks to the Law of the Few Dingy ass place, but I think it gives it character. It's only acceptable because it's a college bar. I think Syracuse can do better, but clearly, that's just me. They have $2 burgers on Mondays after 4pm...so I guess that makes them 3 stars?
Chuck's is THEE Syracuse pregame spot to be at on gameday! Cheap brew, strong mixed drinks, and amazing food that tastes incredible even when you're sober. Try the boneless hot wings, they're delicious! Chuck's is by far the coolest bar on the SU Hill. On gameday you can find it filled to the brim with crazy 'Cuse fans gearing up for the trek to the Dome. On off days, Chuck's turns into a real chill bar and finding an empty stool around their giant bar isn't a problem. Pool, darts, pinball, tittytouch.. you can find it all at Chucks. They also have a ton of TVs including a large projection TV so you won't miss a second of the game. They also have a great mix of music playing in the bar. Check out Chucks! Just don't forget to bring a sharpie and sign the wall that's covered with thousands of signatures and drunken rants (yes, you're allowed to write all over the walls!) You can even find legendary SU Alum signatures graffitied on the walls of Chuck's like Gerry McNamara & Hakim Warrik. Just search around for them. Cheers!
Yes, it's a college bar. Yes, it does seem pretty sketchy/grimey the first time you're there but, trust me, that's all part of the experience. I've been there MANY times. I've eaten nearly everything on the menu and must say I've never been let down. The heaping portion of Chili Cheddar Fries are always amazing. It's nice to see some uniquely flavored wings on the menu (red Thai chili). I'm not a big burger guy but the burgers here are really tasty, especially on Monday afternoons when they have burger specials. The pitcher beer specials are an integral part of Chuck's. $2.50 for a pitcher of Honey Brown...not bad. Not too many places foster getting drunk so cheaply these days.
Ok, so I've given Chuck's a bad rap in some of my other reviews, but this was the bar of choice among a great portion of SU students.  If I could, I'd give it a 3.5, but I'll give it 4 because I feel it's not fair to hold large crowds against this place. It's the bar near campus where you can walk in at any point of the day and find someone you know.  It's the bar that we celebrated at after finals.  It's the bar where we'd sit an play Kings and Asshole for hours.  It's the bar where I celebrated my 21st.  It's the bar where one of my good friends was seen hitting on the ATM.  It's the bar that we return to frequently when visiting the campus. Chuck's has some great food (especially when drinking) and an ok selection of beer.  And it's cheap.  Cheap pitchers.  Can't beat that.  The bartenders were always super-helpful when I asked for what they'd recommend or ask for super-random mixes.  It's fun to play pool if you can grab the table or a booth if you're early enough.  I've also enjoyed leaving random messages for others in Chuck's on the tables and walls.   Ok, so the downside to Chuck's?  Sometimes it can be *too* crowded.  I'm not the largest fan of crowds, so it's not very fun for me to get groped and try to push my way through people just to walk 2 feet.  I don't want to hold it against Chuck's, but sometimes an overflowing crowd can be a bit much.  It can take forever at the bar if it's a busy night, so you have to form a plan of action.  The bouncers handle large crowds well.  Even though people can get rather sloppy, the employees are good about watching situations before they get too messy.
I know that it has changed ownership, lost some great bartenders, and had some things change. Yet, it still is a popular spot for current and past students!
Have not been here for the food but enjoy this bar a lot. Love the tab tickets, allows me to order drinks quickly and efficently. Music is extremely diverse. There are arcade games located around the bar. There is a lot of open space and room to breath. Bathroom are disgusting. Typical. but is very small which allows line to form. Chucks having amazing beer specials and mixed drinks are fairly cheap. You will always see a familiar face.
