My sister recommended The Retreat as a place to unwind after a day's drive, for some comfort food and drink. The kitchen closes at 10pm, but they are open until 2am. I'm not sure "unwind" is the right choice of words, as this is a hoppin' place on a busy night. You have lots of choices for sitting - dining areas, the bar, the terrace. Service is... well, the best word I can think is "fun." If you're unfamiliar with the restaurant (as I was), start with the concept of a chain such as Applebees, or Ninety Nine. Now, kick the menu up a notch in terms of variety, and 2 notches for the seafood selections - much better than one would have expected in Central NY. Make that 3 notches when it comes to the quality of the food. It is VERY obvious that dishes are made on site, and they're proud of that. It felt more to me like my dinner was made at some house down the street and shipped here rather than a more industrial kitchen. If I lived locally, I'd eat and drink here a lot.
Average food nothing special but a good local spot to grab some drinks during the summer. A more middle aged to older crowd and family's. OK wine selection and mediocre beer selection. Overall a good place to hang in the village.
We've been coming here for years and I find this place simply fantastic in the summer time. The outdoor bar and seating, in close proximity to the live music and outdoor bar make any night fun. The food is good - I especially love their appetizers - and portions are big for the money. Between the fun atmosphere, fantastic bar staff and servers, and food quality - I find it tough to beat for a casual (and fun) night out.
Best restaurant in Central NY!  This is our go to spot for dinner for two, the family, or a party!  Great food, great service, great times!  Food is awesome for kids to adults and anyone in between!  Never had a bad time at The Retreat!
I feel like The Retreat is the iconic Village of Liverpool restaurant. It's everything that the Village embodies rolled into a fantastic eatery. The menu is varied and offers something for everyone. Seafood? Check! Mexican? Check? Standard American cuisine? Check check! They even have varied seating, so if you would like a more intimate/family experience, make sure you sit in the big quiet dining room. Meeting up with a group of friends, then sit in the bar dining area. And for the ultimate summer fun, try to find a spot on the patio if you can! Make sure you get a wine slushie while you're out there! The bar is hopping for late night fun, but it definitely leans more towards the 40+ crowd in after hours. Regardless of what you're looking for, you really can get it all at The Retreat!
Was there anything about my trip to Syracuse I didn't enjoy? Probably this place. It's in Liverpool. Unlike the other places I went to, it's not right outside my friends apt. Haha. I guess I got spoiled staying in downtown Syracuse where all the fun is at. Came in for lunch on the last day of my trip. (That's probably the reason why I didn't enjoy it). We were the only customers in there. Waitress therefore gave us excellent service. Ordered their Tomato Caprese Panini. Sliced, fresh tomato, fresh mozzarella, and mixed greens, drizzled with a balsamic glaze, finished with a basil pesto aioli. All stuffed into a toasted panini. Yes, I copied and pasted that. Doesn't it sound scrumptious tho? I was happy and sad at the same time. So many to try with so little time.
This place is a mixed bag for me. The location is great. I love the patio in summer, with a great relaxed atmosphere, and live music. The inside dining room is nice, and reminds me of a ski lodge of sorts. The review from this point will be the food. On the whole, I have been pleased with the fare I have chosen. The last time I went, the food was merely "meh." My fiance ordered a battered chicken sandwich of sorts, and it was fried to death. It had no flavor outside of just super fried. I ordered the fried haddock, which was OK- it was kind of mushy though. The waitress was friendly, and the wait was minimal. Overall, I have had better experiences there, and I would definitely go back, and consider this one their "mulligan."
I like this place, but feel it can improve. We walked in on a Saturday evening and were asked to wait around 10 minutes. Very nice service and a huge restaurant. We were taken all the way back into the large back room where we were greeted and were given our menus. I'm not very fond of American restaurants like this, but I think that the menu was quite nice. Pretty interesting entrees and appetizers. The decor isn't very modern, quite old-fashioned. Due to the amount of diners, service was slow at times and were not willing to take our bill for a long time. The chicken parmigiana was too expensive for what it was. It was one small cutlet of chicken, with little pasta and tomato sauce. It had pretty good taste, not the greatest. The chicken "Riggies" sounded more interesting than it tasted, though. They do have seafood, which I would like to try next time I come back. Definitely room for improvement, but a solid restaurant that might have me as a returning customer.
We stopped in for lunch on a weekday. The Retreat had several great dishes, our server took care of everything we needed and the food was great. Pleasantly surprised that a restaurant could get everything right during a busy time. We'll be back to try the rest of the menu.
I have been to The Retreat a few times now. The service has been good every time. The bartenders are very attentive and easy on the eyes. The food is alright. Every time I have gone I have gotten something different to eat. The sampler platter was a disappointment which I thought would be impossible seeing how it has about a full days of calories in it. The fried calamari was good. My advise would be eat before you come and use The Retreat for drinks only. The outdoor area is pretty cool. They have a decent sized full bar out there. A LOT of single cougars hanging around this place on the weekend. It is a very good spot if you are in your 40s and looking for a mate with all her teeth!
My wife and I took friends there the Friday after Christmas.  We were told to sit anywhere except where there were reservation signs, so we walked over to a table in the corner, took our coats off and got comfortable.  A young lady then came up to us and informed us we needed to move or be done eating in an hour because people wanted that table at 6pm.  I said we were told to sit anywhere that didn't have a reserved sign and this table didn't have one.  She said well you can sit there if you can be done and gone in an hour or less.  Good food yes...wait staff very good...courtesy and handling issues like this POOR
You should have seen the look on my face a couple weeks ago when, during our trip to Syracuse, my boyfriend told me that we were going to a "retreat" with some of his family members.  Now, I'm all about good family time, but in a split second I had questioned both my relationship with my boyfriend and his sanity. Turns out The Retreat is an ultra-casual chill restaurant-bar-hangout with a mixed crowd, live music, filthy bathrooms, and cheap drinks.  Definitely not the sort of retreat I initially had in mind, thank goodness!   Enjoyed a balmy evening with a few drinks here, an evening that very much reminded me of summer nights in Erie, PA where I went to college.  Ah, memories!   Lots of room to hang out outside, which is where we were during our time at The Retreat; I can't speak to the inside of this place at all.  There were much-appreciated fans placed throughout the outdoor deck, and I also noticed heat lamps for when chilly autumn nights roll around. We arrived at around 7PM on a Thursday evening, and the place was packed.  Strangely enough, the crowd just about cleared out around 10PM shortly after the cover band finished their set. Hey, beware of the house white wine:  just 2 small cups of the stuff gave me a splitting headache the next day.  I incorrectly thought I had been doing myself a favor by laying off vodka! There's never any excuse to drive after drinking, and rest assured the police will scoop you right up if you do here:  on the deck we basically had an unobstructed view watching police pull over cars on the road in front of The Retreat's massive free parking lot. A great place to do some outdoor drinking on a summer night!  Just, as always, be sure to have a safe ride home.
I'd heard  of the Retreat but had never been til a couple weeks ago.  I didn't imagine that it would be so BIG! Seriously, it was never ending! We had a large group, so a reservation was made (and a good idea as it was filling up fast!).  We started with wines by the glass and my Glenora Riesling  was pretty good! The menu is all over the place, as mentioned. I wasn't particularly hungry, so I had the Granny Salad which was granny smith apples, strawberries, mixed greens and cheese, with raspberry vinagrette. It was great! I'd never seen anything like that anywhere else.  Aside from salads, dining companions had buffalo chicken salads, caesar salads, salmon and burgers.   The portions are HUGE so be prepared (and come hungry!).  We skipped dessert, but several got coffees. The prices are good (but then again, I am comparing to Boston) so you get your money's worth.  I would try them again.
I didn't find very good food while I was up in the Syracuse area. The Retreat was waaayyy better than I have come across so far and everyone was really nice. On one occasion I was here after my grandpa's funeral with a big group. They treated us wonderfully including a number of items on the house. My family really appreciated the kindness and hospitality that The Retreat showed while we were there. Thank you! I've never been to the bar area, but it looks like a pretty good setup. Huge restaurant. I'm sure the outdoor seating is awesome in the nicer weather.
The Retreat is okay... the food is nothing to write home about. It spans the spectrum in terms of offerings and the quality is adequate. Essentially, if you have the exceptions of a chain restaurant (like Chili's) then they will be exceeded... slightly... The service was what it was... it met expectations but I do not feel comfortable bragging about it. In the end, I'll go back mostly because I feel like it is the best that Liverpool has to offer.
This is a great place to go if you want good food for reasonable prices. The menu ranges from American to Italian to Mexican, so there are a lot of options to please almost everyone. There aren't many vegetarian options, which is a bummer, but I always manage to find something and it's always been delicious. I highly recommend the French Onion soup! The only downside to this place is that the service can be very very slow on the weekdays because they don't hire busboys. So the waitresses and waiters have to clear the tables themselves. One time my family and I waited about 30 minutes just for the waitress to bring us the drinks we ordered! But if you are with a large group of people, this is a good place to go because of the wide selection and decent prices.
Food and service, eh. Porch seating and music, A+! Honestly the porch seating earned The Retreat the additional star, otherwise, my review is 2 STARS. Food: Generic, casual neighborhood bar-and-gril type feel. Burgers, salads, throw in some mexican-style stuff, potpourri of simple. At my table there was calamari for appetizer, a salad, a burger, and sandwich/soup. Nothing exceptional, just mostly well-priced, mediocre food. Calamari was rubbery, but I wasn't setting high expectations. Service: The wait staff were all helping each other out on the porch, it was packed to almost capacity and this is completely acceptable in my book. However, someone (not our waitress, maybe a runner?) kept asking coming by asking if she could take our plates...and we weren't even done yet! Before we'd even finished the appetizer, she started to pick up the plate with the calamari on it! I had to tell her that I wanted to finish it, we were just talking and catching up with friends so a bit slow to eat, but why justify why you want to finish consuming the food that you're paying for? She said, "Oh okay, just checking because it was just sitting there". Good observation. Ambiance: Asked for a 3-top on the porch on a fair weather summer Saturday evening and was seated within 10 min. There just so happened to be an 80s cover band playing, surprisingly not obnoxiously loud. There was a nice current of cool air blowing through on a somewhat warm night, likely due to being so close to Onondaga Lake. It was an overall very pleasant lounging experience. The inside of the bar/restaurant, not so much, with dim lighting and glows from the 50"+ flat screen TVs mounted around the bar. Probably nice for watching sporting events, but it seemed mostly dead that evening. All in all, a pleasant experience and the porch is a phenomenal draw for customers to just relax and enjoy a drink at the outside bar or listen to live music.
There are many different options for diners here. If you want a quiet dinner, there is the far side away from the bar. At the bar is another sitting area where you can see many of the games that are on. Then, outside, is another area where there is usually a band playing at night. Warning: The band is usually turned up quite loud, so trying to have a conversation while outside at night is going to be difficult. The Retreat is one of my favorite restaurants in Syracuse. For a quick snack, get a big order of their fries with a side of nacho cheese. It's like $4 and is delicious!
I really enjoyed lunch here. The wait service is on the ball.  No lapses in service! Business like yet friendly.  Patty melt on rye with bacon and fries was on of the best burgers I have ever had.   The atmosphere is friendly and warm.  One of those bar/Resturant's you can watch Monday night football or lose a Saturday hanging out with friends.   Visited at Christmas time, awesome decorations.   Can't wait to go back!
Yeah, Its ok, but not so much for vegetarians.. ---------- FOOD: Everything has some sort of meat in it, so I had to get a Caesar salad and fries. Both of which were pretty good. DECOR: Its a nice restaurant with an outdoor deck. Lots of wood and stuff hanging on the walls. The floors are a little lopsided in places, but overall nice. SERVICE: It was really busy so the waitress got easily distracted. However she did come back and check on us reguarly and her friendly service was prompt. ---------- FINAL THOUGHTS: If I found myself in Liverpool again, Id eat here. Mostly because its 1 of about 3 restaurants I actually saw. I just didnt see much "life" in this town.. A point to watch for, parking is a little screwy as it shares with a bunch of other stores, and since theres no lot it can be frustrating.
Mostly Italian dishes. They have an outdoor dining area and outdoor bar. Not a bad place, good prices, good atmosphere. I would recommend as a nice lunch or early dinner.
Came here on a Saturday afternoon. There was some business. Our group was seated down immediately though. The restaurant has an bar outside, outdoor and indoor seating. The loaded fries are extremely salty. Burger was a dry and salty. Service is a bit slow. When I went in to pay the bill the waitress explained that she didn't want to rush us. Overall, Service- 5/10 Atmosphere- 7/10 Food- 4/10
Had the 7 Pepper Ribeye. The Caesars salad and garlic bread that came with the meal was excellent. The ribeye on the other hand was less than stellar. In had a burnt crust on the outside that simply just tasted burnt. I ordered the steak medium and it came rare on one end and medium well on the other end. The ambiance is nice, it's a bit loud for my taste.
The Retreat has something for everyone...a bar, casual dinning room and a more formal dinning room... Good food at a reasonable price with very friendly and efficient wait staff... It is just off the NY throughway...easy off and back on...a great spot for lunch and dinner or drinks and hang out for awhile... NealB
We sat outside-which is prime seating. I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich, with extra pickles and fries.We did wait for awhile for our drinks that we order to come- we didn't mid all that much we were chatting it up- Lemon drop martinis is what we ordered and when they did arrive-they were delish. A little while longer our dinner did arrive, and to my surprise i was disappointed, my buffalo chicken was a BIT CRIPSY and i had to tell the waitress and with not even a bat of a eye-said no problem I'll get you another one-great BUT that meant i had to wait another while to actually eat. They were generous on the pickles that i asked for. When our waitress did come back with the 2nd buffalo chicken it was perfect and yummy. Down fall-the wait to be served with drinks and food, and food was over done.
Lunch was nice and quick- we managed to get there just before the rush.  I had a buffalo chicken sandwich, and my wife had a focaccia chicken sandwich.  We got the food pretty quick, but never got refills on our drinks- the rush had started by then.
i'm not really crazy about the food. the menu is all over the place (seafood, italian, mexican, german, etc...). most of the food is sub-par, but their burgers are very good. i've been there several times and have had all sorts of appetizers and entrees that didn't impress me, but the burgers are the one thing that keep me coming back. the bar area inside is ok - a few tvs overhead to watch a game and grab a drink. my favorite spot is the outdoor bar (which is only open on the few months that weather is nice). it's a really cool area - basically a square, island bar with a couple flat screens. it's really unique considering that there isn't anything like it in the entire cny region and it's one of my favorite places to drink outside, relax, and watch a sports game.
We love riding our bikes to The Retreat this time of year ... what a great place!  Whoever owns this place really know how to run a restaurant.  Great food, great atmosphere.  I'm not a drinker, but if I was, their outdoor bar looks awesome too!  If you haven't tried the Retreat - you really need to!
Nice bar set up - but gets way too packed with older men trying to get a good spot to stare at the good looking female staff.  Great spot to sit outside in the summertime and have a couple drinks. The food is average, a couple nice dishes on the menu but not overly impressive quality of meals on the menu
Took forever to get a waitress to give us a menu. Service was all around very slow. Food was okay.
I've been to this restaurant a few times for lunch.  The food was fine as was the service.  The atmosphere was nice especially when seated outdoors.  I can definitely recommend this place for lunch.
Great place to eat, drink and be merry. Has something for everyone seafood, italian..... Always seems busy for dinner so you may want to get there before you get hungry. If not is a rush stop by the bar for a premeal drink, always tons of tvs in the bar porch area and more intimate setting in the restaurant part. I always get one of three dishes for dinner. Prime Rib (Great deal, great flavor), Chicken Riggies, or the broiled seafood platter. If looking for a good place to eat this is the place.
Usually a "go to" place for some food with a group of friends - food is good- prices are good.  A definite "neighborhood" joint!
Best French Onion Soup Anywhere bar none
Great food but service is intermittently great and intermittently so-so. I'm wondering how well they train their staff. I have never had a bad meal though and was recently at a party that was fantastically done!
Food was ok, waiter was sub-par, but the chance to come here for dinner when it's nice outside, fantastic. The atmosphere covers up most of the shortcomings.
I went to dinner at 5PM on a Sunday night. The place was busy so be prepared for a little bit if a wait, They have a large mostly covered outdoor seating area, which is nice in the warmer weather.  I had the sirloin med rare, mashed potatoes. The steak was cooked correctly, the potatoes could have been warmer. there was live music, which was nice.
Hello!  GO to the retreat!  The outdoor seating is fab and the food is delish!  My favorite thing on the menu is the Tommy O'Brien's Strawberry Blue Salad.  It's unbelievable.  Sometimes I get it with chicken, sometimes I don't.  The retreat is one of my favorite restaurants in the area.
Very mediocre.  It took over 40 minutes to get our food and 20 minutes just to order.  My food (both sandwich and onion rings) was cold upon arrival.  They would have been okay-tasting otherwise.  The sandwich was the smallest French dip I'd ever seen (like the size of a sandwich you'd give a toddler) and just had plain grocery-store roast beef on it.  Other people in my party got the French onion soup and it was very indelicate and extremely messy to eat.   Will not return.
solid beer list. varied menu & tasty. met an old friend for dinner and really enjoyed it.
Best restaurant and bar in the burbs for anyone who likes it low-key.   You can dress up or wear your dirty work boots... noone cares and there is a good mix of everyone.   The outside dining and outdoor tiki bar in the summer time is one-of-a-kind.   They even have live music a few nights.  The food is really good.  I have never had a bad meal there!  I recommend their zinger melt (appetizer), chicken riggies, french onion soup or their turkey fococia sandwich.   The bartenders are always great there too.  Guaranteed to always have a good time at the bar!   Just be on your game when you leave-- the Liverpool cops will pull you over for going 1 mile an hour over the limit and the one-ways are tricky if you don't know where you're going.
i liked the patio area. n a beautiful day, it is a great place to have a drink and some bar food.
