If you want to black out, puke, hit on ugly chicks, or have a generally debaucherous evening in Syracuse I highly recommend this establishment. They have cheap drinks, a shot wheel, pool tables, free popcorn, filthy bathrooms, awesome bartenders, and less douchebaggery than other Armory Square bars. I'd probably recommend skipping happy hour, or showing up too early on in general. You'll usually just find lecherous old creepy dudes hitting on the bartenders and getting sloshed out of their minds. However, if you find that sort of thing entertaining to watch, you might want to show up. The crowd usually switches at about 10 to the young'uns who want to get down, dirty, and drunk. Did I mention there's $1 drinks on Thursday nights? Come on, you know you wanted to make some bad decisions.
Its an average dive bar. Bar tenders were cool, but a little chatty amongst themselves. The bar was mostly empty and it took a while for them to get me a drink. I ordered a Maker's Mark on the rocks and while I watched the girl pour it out of the bottle, whatever she served was not Makers. The atmosphere was cool and the mixed drinks weren't horrible. A bridal party came in and livened up the place. This is not a place I would go unless the goal was to get drunk and I didn't care what I was drinking.
Best place to sit back and chill during happy hour. Or shake ur a*s after 11 pm on the dance floor. Good times!
Bar was awesome at first! The girls working the bar were great and provided excellent service. Cheap beer too which of course is all that matters to many of us. It all went downhill though at closing time. Everyone was escorted out immediatly and it seemed like no one was allowed to use the bathroom. The owner was basically sitting by the door as people were being escorted out by "security" pretty much saying "I own this place now get the f*@& out" as people were herded out into the cold by the completely unprofessional bouncers. I get that bars have closing times, but to completely disrespect your patrons who have spent a good amount of money throughout the night right at closing time makes for a really bad after taste. Would NOT recommend this place for airline peeps or anyone else until management can learn to treat their clientele with the same respect their bartenders seem to.
Specials for the night out was AMAZING... I TIPPED 20 BUCKS ON A ROUND OF SHOTS... i bought shots for my 2 friends and liz's 5lady friends and is was so greatly priced & made right i left the tender a 20spot. will be back next time in 'Cuse on a night out
