Really nice place with great food and good service. Chicken tenders are great and the food came fast, there was little time to wait. Would definitely go back!
If you're from Syracuse, it's clear Tully's is an establishment when it comes to sports bars. With a more than ample TV selection there's likely not a better place in town to visit when looking to watch sporting events and drink better. The service and atmosphere are good The food is slightly better than average. It's your typical selection of burgers, salads, appetizers and bar food type selections, yet they taste a world better than if you ate at a place like Hooters, Buffalo Wild Wings or the food that's going to be served at the Tilted Kilt, which I hear is coming to Cuse soon. Tully's salad are big enough to feed a horse, the burgers taste fresh, rather than a frozen patty you get at many places and even the fries aren't bad. It's simple, when seeking a place to watch games, eat and have a few drinks you can't go wrong here.
Food: 5/5 - best chicken tenders ever but I've got major problem with the servers. My fiance and I go every other week and split 10 tenders, large fry, and 2 sodas. You can see the irritated look on almost every server because we aren't buying apps, desserts, really fancy drinks, etc. I'm not trying to spend more than $20-$25 in a sports bar especially since I don't like sports. Even though my total is $20 I still leave a $5 tip to show them dollar amount does not always determine the tip.
Great restraunt has a bar atmosphere with many tvs but still great to bring kids, there are plenty of table away without the bar in a sight and MANY arcade games to play. The servers and extremely friendly and they have the best chicken tenders in the world! I deffinitly recommend going!!!
THIS PLACE IS THE BEST. I went here when dropping off my sister at Syracuse University and I cannot wait to go back! My family and I watched an entire Patriots game here and loved it. The chicken tenders are a definite must. They really as good as they say. I got a cheeseburger and it too was fantastic. I somehow had enough room for dessert and was glad for it. I got the chocolate mint pie dessert and it was heavenly. Our waiter, Jonathan, was amazing! He was so nice and understanding. When my pie didn't come with cookie crumbs that I was promised, he brought me the entire bin of cookie crumbs and let me add as much as I wanted. He is truly a flawless human.
Chicken's good, no doubt. Somewhat overpriced for what it is. No apps under $7.50? Mozz sticks and hummus at sports bars should hover more in the $6 range. The food's not good or creative enough to justify those prices. Not bad, just not better than average. The other gripe is with the burgers: what kind of restaurant won't cook a burger below medium? If the kitchen staff has this little faith in the quality of the beef, how should we feel? Tully's is a fine enough place to watch a game and scarf some tenders, probably not worth going out of the way to eat there, but one can do worse.
MMmmmmm yUMMmy CHIcken!!!
Went on a recent Sunday with a big group. My first time going to Tully's, so I was interested to see how it was. Our service started off well. The server seemed nice, and agreed to split our checks across multiple couples, which we appreciated. But, unfortunately, she did not do a good job of checking in with the table. A fair number of people were running out of drinks before she came by again, and their drinks are HUGE, so it was clearly a good long while. The restaurant was kind of dead, so it seems unlikely she had too many tables, but - whatever the reason - it really was a long wait. So, service was just average - probably 3 out of 5 stars. What really lowers the rating is the food. I read so many reviews praising the chicken tenders that I decided to try them out. Unfortunately, they were NOT good. They were cooked okay, but the texture was odd, and the buffalo sauce was just bad. It was weak, and tasted a little tinny - much worse than other chain restaurants' similar offerings. The portion size was pretty big for the price, but who wants a lot of sub-par food? The fries were pretty standard, although there were surprisingly few for how many tenders there were in the basket. I normally give restaurants a second try before deciding how I feel about them, but if this is really their best food, I can't see myself going back.
Great!  We love the service and the food.  Awesome chicken tenders, fresh and yes, tender. The tortilla soup and chicken noodle are really good. We love iit all and cant wait to go back.
I love Tully's. I first experienced a Tully's when I was just 16 and visiting an older friend at Binghamton college. I was in love at first bite. Upon becoming a student at Syracuse I immediately looked into if there was a tully's near by, as they are an upstate chain that was nowhere near my hometown. I was delighted to find this one on Erie just a few minutes from campus. The restaurant has a great vibe, you get popcorn when you arrive, they play all the major sports games, the bar is always a great place to hang out, and the food is always delicious. If you've never been to a tully's before you HAVE to try the chicken tenders, this is by far the best thing on the menu and their most famous dish. They are hand made and hand battered to perfection. You can add three of them to any meal for somewhere around 3 bucks. If you've been to tully's and tried the tenders I'd recommend branching out. Their burgers are great, the cheese and broccoli pasta bake is full of flavor, and the quesidilla is always a good choice. Tully's is an awesome place to go with friends, family, that special someone, or whoever! I will always be a faithful patron.
For those of you who have read my other reviews, you know that I never give 5 stars out unless it is well-earned.  Ironically, for me, Tully's didn't really become a five star restaurant until I moved to San Antonio, Texas three years ago. Tully's has earned 5 stars with one exception though: They get 5 stars if you are in the mood for either chicken tenders or chicken wings.  Anything else, and I would only give Tully's 3 / 3.5 stars at best.  Let me say that the chicken fingers, chicken wings, and some of the other delectable offerings at Tully's are definitely the best you can find in Syracuse, and even in many parts of the U.S. (definitely better than the crap they serve here in San Antonio).   Food: I have always maintained that Tully's chicken fingers are some of the best I have ever had.  In addition, their 1 pound of wings (medium) are the best I have ever had.  For my money, when I want wings, this is where I would go, every time.  Everything from the flavor of the buffalo sauce, to the bleu cheese, to the crispiness of the skin, to the moistness of the meat is simply perfect.  The real highlight of the tenders and wings for me though is the buffalo sauce.  I really do think their buffalo is one of the best I have ever had.   The only complaint I have ever had about the food is that on occasion it seems to me as if they make a mass batch of fingers and keep them under warming lamps.  Unfortunately, this makes the chicken tenders, less tender, a little dry, and rubbery. Though this happens very rarely (twice, out of the dozens of times I have eaten here)), it is still important to note that maybe their cooks get a little too ahead of themselves trying to prepare for the meal rushes. Food: 4.5 / 5 (- .5 point for the occasional tenders that don't taste fresh) Atmosphere: This is a very typical run-of the mill sports bar with a nice atmosphere that smells clean, and looks clean.  Any time I have had an issue, a manager always comes and addresses them promptly and sincerely apologizes.  In every instance we have had a problem, they have been very generous with compensation both during the meal, and after.  For instance, one time we had a server that was incredibly rude--and I mean, incredibly rude.  We didn't even get our appetizers before I asked for a manager.  The manager kindly got us a new server, sent the other one home, compensated us on a round of drinks and our appetizers, and then we received a $25 gift card in the mail a few weeks later.   Atmosphere: 4 / 5 Service: As stated above, I have always had great service from management.  Unfortunately, sometimes the servers are snippy, and blatantly do not want to be there.  Despite that though, management has always done their best to rectify the problem and provide compensation in the form of sincere apologies and meal credits.  Because of that: Service: 4 / 5 Price: The price has always been in-line with other chain-like establishments in the area and elsewhere, so I cannot penalize them for prices.  The one reason why they do get a high mark for this is because their food is so much better than other chains in the area such as chili's, applebee's, etc--especially their wings and tenders.  I have even had their steak sandwich which is also fantastic, and fairly priced. Price: 4 / 5 Final Thoughts: If you add all of these categories up and divide them by the number of categories, it  does not equal 5 stars.  Despite that though, I am still giving it 5 stars with one major note: If I am in the mood for chicken fingers or chicken wings, this is the place I am going when I am in NY, period--end of question.  If I am in the mood for burgers, or other food that is not fingers or wings, I probably would not come here.  So in my highest opinion, if you're looking for some delicious tenders, or amazing wings, this is your place and it is easily 5 Stars.  Anything else though, it probably gets 3.5 at best.
This sports bar and restaurant is a great place to watch different games on their many TVs throughout the bar and dining areas. There is plenty of sports memorabilia up on the walls throughout the place. My friends and I also come here for the good food. The prices here are very reasonable with most food items for under $11. We usually eat in the main dining area and the server will bring out a bowl of salty popcorn. At each table, there is a roll of paper towels and the placemat is your menu. The soda cups are very large and usually don't need a refill. For dinner, my favorite has always been the Cajun Jambalaya Pasta (chicken, sausage, mushrooms, onions, green peppers, broccoli, tomatoes in a spicy Cajun sauce over a big mound of fettucine) served with side salad and buttered garlic bread on one large plate. The portions are very generous, I almost always end up having half the food boxed up to go. For dessert, the Cookie Monster (warm chocolate chip cookie topped with vanilla ice cream, hot fudge, & whipped cream) is the way to go! The service here on most of my visits has been good and reasonable. Sometimes the place can get really busy and the service and speed of delivery of food & drinks can be delayed.
Your ketchup sucks. Get real ketchup... not ghetto cheap Red Gold ketchup like u have now.
You know you've got something going for you when your patrons knowingly risk a heart attack or death by artery clog when they enter your doors. As far as unhealthy meals go, Tully's may very well be king. Too bad for humanity that it is too delicious to resist. As if whatever you're about to order isn't bad enough, they start you off with an endless bowl of popcorn. And as you stuff your face, you find yourself entranced by the million and a half televisions that surround you on all sides. When it comes time to order, there's nothing to do but yield to the all-powerful Tully Tender Dinner. A "healthy" (as in, not healthy at all) portion of deliciously battered chicken tenders, a "hearty" (as in, will stop your heart) side of fries, a "creamy" (as in, it has mayonnaise... duh) lump of coleslaw, and a lightly toasted "piece" (...) of garlic bread. If you're looking for the very best in life altering (you have a future of seat belt extenders on airplanes ahead of you) American excess in Central New York, look no further than Tully's.
Sorry Tully's you get a three. Mostly because you say "Good Times," but i found it to be a just ok time. I think it is trying to be like Dave & Buster's I am not really sure. The place was crowded so I doubt this review will influence much, but the service was... maybe I can't think of anything to say because there really was no service. My party was here for three hours, and we are not a conversive bunch, in fact we usually just glare and silently judge one another... so you do the math. And way too many people had birthdays. The staff was coming out every twenty-five minutes to sing a birthday song. Does everyone have to be born on the same day? What was it a full moon 9 months prior? The best part was at the end of the birthday song any shred of enthusiasm and sincerity died immediately. It's like that moment between when the doctor tells you that you in fact don't have gonorrhea, only to then tell you it's testicular cancer. If you go you should listen for it, it passes the time while you wait thirty minutes for your food.
So this weekend I was back in the Cuse. I did not get a 3.95 23 ounce cape codder because I am on my wedding diet and well if I wanted enough calories to indulge some Tully's  Tenders I had to say no. It was really hard. But worth it! These are the best chicken fingers ( they really insist you call them tenders) in the world. They where so delicious. I was very happy and will be back again in a few months. They have a ton of tv's, with pretty much any game on. You get free popcorn which is very delicious. It can be crowded but they seem to have people in and out fairly quickly so it isn't a big deal.
Tully's always seems to be a good go-to place if you want to get some pretty good food and watch any game you can think of.   A prior reviewer complained about the lack of HDTV 's - but this has been remedied.  Tully's now has them on each wall and it was a nice upgrade for them. The service is usually ok - not the best around, but they usually are pretty good considering they always seem to be busy.   Mixed drinks are good, beer here is better.  They do offer 2 sizes of drafts and a pretty good bottle selection.  Go with a tall Labatt's and call it a night. Food is hit or miss - the popcorn they serve at each table can be very good, or it can be a little too salty.  Appetizers are good, the guacamole plate is a nice starter.  I would go with the Tully's tenders if you are here - that is what makes them famous and what they are best at.  If you enjoy honey mustard, than make sure to get a couple servings of it here. Dessert is pretty standard, though the cookie monster stands out.  It is 2 large chocolate chip cookies covered in ice cream, whipped cream, and fudge.  Hard to beat that. Tully's is definitely worth checking out if you want some quick food to go along with the game.  Lots of SU fans hang out there as well, so it's a nice atmosphere if you're a big 'Cuse fan.
Great sports pub type place. Needed a place last minute when visiting Le Moyne. Admissions couldn't say enough about how good it was nd they were right. The tenders were awesome. You can get me any style and the portions were huge. Beer on draft was nixes elation as well. Walked out satisfied and still money in my pocket.
I'm a sucker for those chicken tenders... and the burgers... and the daquiris... Standard family place with a lot of TVs and often pretty crowded. But the food and the service are both generally good, and I miss it when I'm not around.
I would say the best things about Tully's would be the paper towel holders at the tables, the thousands of TV's to watch any and all of the games that are on. I would say that the beer is usually good although I've seen a few that have been flat, which they have exchanged for good ones with no problem. The staff is usually very good but I have also seen what I would say is less then helpful staff. I would call the food below average. I have to say the best thing on the menu would be the Tully's tenders but only the regular tenders. I had the buffalo tenders once and they were more like chicken tenders that had been fried then taken out of the fryer and put into a fryer that wasn't on and let sit so the grease would soak into the breading. They also had a hue of red to them which I am guessing is whatever they call buffalo sauce. They were grease saturated chicken tenders that had absolutely no taste of buffalo sauce. Buffalo tenders are supposed to be saucy and have a little bit of spice to them, I mean thats what the paper towel holder at the tables are for its pointless without a little bit of mess. Their burgers are ok, I've had better. Their fish is subpar. The only reason I keep going back is because I have a friend who loves there tenders. I guess another good reason to go would be in lieu of going to a sports museum, they have a pretty good collection of S.U. memorabilia. This place has the potential to be very good they just need to work on some areas.
We start every Syracuse visit with dinner at Tully's. The tenders are a force to be reckoned with - my favorite ever! We discovered the Asian tenders this visit and they are AWESOME! After 3 years of only getting tenders when we come here (a treat for us twice a year since we live in CT) we decided to try a few other things on the menu. Loved the spinach artichoke dip - I was especially excited that it wasn't made with garlic, as I'm pretty allergic. It was seriously awesome. My boyfriend got their meatloaf dinner which was SLAMMIN. I got their seasonal pot roast grilled cheese, with grilled onions, roasted red peppers and horseradish sauce, which may be the definition of comfort food. It was delicious! The bartenders are fun and friendly and remember us each visit (even though it's only two or three trips to Syracuse a year). They really "make" each visit for us. I love coming home, and I LOVE coming "home" to Tully's!
I was here once after a Syracuse game. The eight of us were seated promptly. The service was good. I ordered the 32 oz bloody for $3.95. It was really good. 32 oz is a lot of bloody - I couldn't finish it. My boyfriend and I split a pound of wings. They were meaty, but not very tasty. We also split a burger..it was the one with black beans..just ok. We also split a buffalo chicken sandwich. It was good - better than the burger in my opinion. This place seems great for bar food, and has alot of TVs if you want to watch sports. It was good, not great.
We went to Tully's on Erie specifically to watch the Georgia / Kentucky football game this past Saturday (11.8.08).  So...the fact that they even had the game in the land of the Orange was a pleasant surprise.  I was sure that they wouldn't, but they did which in itself deserves props.  The food however, was not very good.  True, it's a sports bar and usually you cannot expect much from bar food, but they've got to try at least!   First, to the beer.  Since I was near Canada (kind of), I ordered 2 Labatt Blues (when in Rome, right?).  The beers came out in ice cold glasses, which was a good start.  Our waiter was fairly attentive and the manager even stopped by to make sure our food tasted alright.   I ordered the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich and Fries.  I decided to get a side of ranch as opposed to the blue cheese and the food came out hot.  You really couldn't taste the buffalo sauce, but it was edible.  From what I heard, it's really the best sports bar Syracuse has to offer (which is sad).  But if I'm ever back in 'Cuse on game day, I'll come back for the cold beer and ample choices of tv's to watch (but not flat screen - hello, 2008!), but will at most count on a mediocre bar food meal.
Tully's is an icon in Syracuse. Most flock here for the chicken tender dinner! Can't beat it. Insanely popular on SU game days!
Somewhat of a more upscale Applebee's. The complementary popcorn they give at the beginning of the meal is a nice touch.
what a bunch of crap! the food is generic cheap rubbish. its noisy,bloody TV screens everywhere you look and so generic you could order without seeing the menu. indifferent service. never,ever again!! and so noisy you can't have a conversation. pretty dubious looking characters hanging around too!!!!
Went there for lunch on a Sunday while attending class, the food and service was pretty good. Definitely a sports bar, TV's everywhere.   Waitress was outstanding, always kept the soda's filled and was ready with another beer on call. Would go again. Re-posted this to the correct Tully's...
I find this place just alright. We used to go here all the time when I was younger. I enjoyed looking at the sports memorabilia and the cards that decorated the table. And they have an arcade. The food is alright. Even with the amount of Sports Memorabilia and tvs to watch the game, I don't think it's become what the creators probably wanted it to be. It's more of a family restaurant. Most importantly, I think their tenders are a bit over-hyped. There's really nothing outstanding about them.  They're your standard chicken tenders. I think I heard that Coppertop and Tully's are both owned by the same people/company. Not sure if that's true or not, but if you want to rave about tenders, go to Coppertop. They've got games on TV there, too. With better food.
This is a TGI Friday's esque chain restaurant.  I would never want to watch an entire sporting event here.  It's lame.  Still, the chicken fingers are good  and the beers are cheap.  You could do worse, but this shouldn't be listed as a sports bar.
Today I had one of the most terrible lunch experiences at Tully's on Erie Blvd E. in Syracuse. I arrived with my wife and son at around 12:00 noon, the lunch hour seemed relatively slow. My son ordered the Tully's tender lunch special and my wife order soup and sandwich combo with a grilled cheese. My order was for a Cheeseburger, done medium, seems simple enough. After about 15 minutes, we all received our food. My wife received chicken tenders instead of grilled cheese and sent it back immediately, I then took a bite of mine, and it was totally cold in the middle. I ate a couple bites, and when our waitress returned to bring my wife a grilled cheese after 5-7 minutes, I let her know it was cold in the middle. She apologized and took my plate. After 15-20 minutes, my wife and son were basically DONE with their lunches, when the manager returned with a new hamburger. I took a couple bites to find the burger was totally well done. I was on the fence about sending it back, but nobody was around so I ate another couple bites. It was a flavorless, WELL DONE burger. A huge waste. I'm watching my cholesterol, and a burger is a real treat. This was not worth it in the least. After another 10 minutes the manager finally stopped back to ask how everything was. I let him know I the burger was overdone and I was disappointed, and his reply was- "well I removed the burger from your bill anyway"... And he walked away. No apology, no SORRY you wasted your lunch hour and you didn't get to really eat with your family because we can't get a BURGER right. Just walked away. I find this unacceptable. Giving me the terrible burger free, was no favor. I've attached a picture of the burger that was ordered as MEDIUM. I was starving, so in the end I ate about half of it... And it was a flavorless, overdone waste of calories. I hope Tully's can take steps to remedy this or make me feel better about our experience. I look forward to sharing my experience on every restaurant review site I can find. Over an hour after the lunch, I'm still hungry, and MAD. Aside from a terrible burger, the management's hospitality absolutely sucks. Rude, and completely unappreciative of my patience with the wait, and the fact that they can't get a burger right. YAY, you ruined lunch with my family for FREE, what a grand gesture. Thanks.
I only come here if you have to watch a game that is not on a station you get at home. Get the chicken finger dinner. There buffalo tenders are my favorite along with most people I know that have had them.
Arcade + food = awesome!  Food and drinks are on the cheap side so you can spend some money testing your skills on their video games.  The food was tasty enough and it branches out from the usual pub-grub.  That being said, their spicy boneless wings are fantastic!
The chicken tenders at Tully's are AMAZING. Everybody raves about them and this isn't breaking news, but they really are that good. If you're human and don't need a pound of tenders, order the inexpensive appetizer. You lose out on the coleslaw and garlic bread that you would get with the dinner, but you save quite a bit. Tully's will be packed on SU sports nights and on weekends, but they do a good job of keeping things moving quickly.
i agree with everyone else...this one time great place really needs to step it up
