When I moved to Syracuse four years ago from Connecticut I honestly didn't expect to find much in downtown Syracuse. Imagine my surprise when I stumbled upon Mr. Shop, an upscale men's clothing shop with great service and a fantastic selection of men's casual clothing. Fast forward to today and, with the addition of their custom suit business in the very capable hands of Ben and Tara, Mr. Shop can meet all of my sartorial needs - for a night on the town or a day in the office. It really is amazing to get fitted for a custom suit - with the fabric of my choice, lining of my choice, and a cut that flatters my less than fit body - and then be able to order a few more suits in different fabrics that fit me exactly the same way as the first. They really pull this off fantastically. Just finished trying on the new suits and couldn't be more pleased. Now for that deconstructed blue blazer I've been dreaming about....
An organized, pricey, customer-service-oriented men's clothing and accessories store. Customer service at Mr. Shop is fantastic, perhaps even a touch over-the-top.  My boyfriend and I have been here a couple times during the last year, and both times we were helped by John, the manager. At Mr. Shop you'll find clothing ranging from button-downs to slacks to jeans to blazers to active wear.  Accessories include shoes, shaving supplies, cuff links, some cologne, and I'm specifically impressed with the selection of neck ties and leather belts.   Last week while my boyfriend and his uncle were doing some man shopping I actually played the "If I Had All the Money in the World" game that I used to play when I was a kid looking through catalogs; I went through the Mr. Shop belt rack, picking out all the belts that I'd buy and wear if I were the male equivalent of myself with an unlimited budget.  Yeah, the belts are that good.  I also think the bright and bold patterned tie selection is exceptional, just my taste.   Brand-wise, you'll find everything from Robert Graham to Ermenegildo Zegna to Etro to Boss to Robert Talbot. Summer clothing is currently 60% off original prices, by the way. If you're a "metrosexual" man with a fat wallet, then Mr. Shop is your place.  That's not to say that men with more conservative wardrobe tastes won't like this store though; it's just that the majority of Mr. Shop inventory consists of colorful showstopper clothing pieces and accessories.  Check it out!
One of the few places in Syracuse that you can get high quality fashions.  They run some good sales from time to time.  The sales staff is amazingly helpful.  Anyone who cares about Men's fashion in the area needs to add this shop to their rounds.   You can pick up great clothes to go out in, for your next interview, and for just lounging around in.  The clothes cost some money - but they are high quality fashion and, to the connoisseur, that is well worth the price.
Without writing a lengthy email all I can say is this place takes the cake when it comes to an awesome selection of men's dress and casual wear.  I don't like spending a huge amount of dough on shirts, but when it comes to Robert Graham and  Ted Baker I just have to have them.  You don't need to go to a mall because this place has most everything you need.  The new custom department is excellent, though i haven't ordered anything custom, you can select your cuffs, monogram, mixed fabrics all for a set price.  I don't live in the area, but I always pop in when there is a sale because you can get amazing clothes at a fraction of the price.
