This is the only mall we visit.  We like the stores and there within easy walking distance.  True there are empty places where stores use to be but that doesn't bother me.  The stores we hit are all in one area.  There are plans by the new owners to change things around.  Nothings started yet but give it some time.  Destiny USA??? way too big.  We are in are 70's and like the slow pace in the hall ways.  I'll take Shopping town anytime.
This mall has suffered since the expansion of Destiny USA and other plazas in the Syracuse area. Not to the level of Great Northern mall in the disrepair and lack of upkeep in the past few years, but it is currently on the market to be sold. SU students will often come here to avoid the crowds at Destiny USA for the movie theatre.
I come here for the movie theater only. While Carousel sells out most of its movies well in advance, you can typically come to Shoppingtown and get a ticket most of the time. The mall itself is sad and seemingly a shadow of its former self. If they made it 1/3 the size it is now, it seems like they would still have trouble filling all their space. It's the only mall I've been to where you can walk through entire sections and see no businesses in place. It's depressing, actually. They do have Sears, which you can't get at Carousel. But unless you're buying a lawnmower, unfortunately you should go elsewhere.
As a mall, this place blows. As a place to go and feel strangely depressed, it rules.
There is no point in going to this mall.. Everything is closing down and going out of business...
They are tearing this place down right? It seems to be teetering the line of going under. Carousel Mall pretty much owns Shoppingtown. As far as I know they are looking to expand the mall, but a lot of business have left in the last year.
When I was growing up in Syracuse this was the mall to go to.  Fayetteville Mall might have been closer but Shoppingtown was the place my friends and I wanted to be dropped off at.  Especially when Gerber Music was in business.  Gerber was one of those full service music shops with guitars and drums lining the walls above the record bins. The mall has under gone lots of change.  I left the city long before the Carousel mall was completed.  It always seemed like Syracuse had a lot of malls for a relatively small town.  Maybe the consolidation of all shopping into one centrally located mall is a natural progression.
Awful place. I went to the food court and got some Chinese food 10 minutes before the official close time.. Before I even sat down the cleaning lady was telling me where to throw my trash away. There were 4 other people sitting at tables, but she kept harassing only me to hurry up so she could finish cleaning the food court and go home. She never bothered the other patrons. She interrupted me 3 times at least while I was eating. I had never been so furious in my whole life, I have every right to eat in peace as a paying customer! I spoke to the supervisor, but I doubt anything will happen as a result and may still contact the service desk for this kind of rude behavior. They certainly are no Destiny USA!
shoppingtown mall is bummy. mad broke down, will basically be deserted as soon as "destiny usa" opens. shoppingtown mall is the new great northern mall...
Used to be an awesome mall but now appears to be slowly dying. Very few stores or places to eat now. Great theater though.
I like this mall, smaller and more user friendly for me. Not crowded and easy to get to and park.
