The Lord & Taylor in Syracuse was wonderful when I was growing up. It went downhill, and in the past few years, is back on top! The store now stocks the upscale brands that it once had. Kate Spade, Bobbi Brown, Cole Haan, etc. are now gracing the shelves. It is one of the only few places in Syracuse to grab some of those designers!
I don't expect roses tossed at my feet or for people to drop what they're doing to get me what I want. What I *do* expect is common courtesy. I got absolutely none of ANY of it in the shoe department. I saw a cute pair of shoes in an ad, and decided to see if they were "all that". I'm a frugal shopper and won't typically shop just to shop, so for me to even THINK about L&T is nothing short of a miracle. Off we went - yes, I dragged my poor hubby along. He'd put in a long day at work, so needless to say, we were dressed comfortably. Had I thought we'd need to follow a certain dress code to even be acknowledged, I'd have said "screw it". That's not my game. Upon entering the shoe department, the salesman barely nodded at us. I admit, I wandered a bit, but I was looking for "the shoe". When I found it, the salesman was nowhere to be found. I took the shoe with me and tracked him down on the outskirts of the department. When I asked him if they carried that style in wide, he answered curtly, "No" and looked down his nose at me. Taken aback, I made my way back over to where I'd started. I decided that I might not need a wide and asked a saleslady if I could try the shoe in two sizes. You'd think I'd asked her to perform brain surgery. She brought the boxes out, and upon seeing a well-dressed customer coming in, dropped the boxes on the chair and said, "There". As I was modeling them for my hubby, a coworker of his passed by. "Hello, Dr. L", he said cheerily, rescuing him from the doldrums of shoe shopping. Both salespeople heard "Doctor" and now all of a sudden, I'm important. I was putting my shoes back on (having decided I didn't like the shoes after all) and both of them descended on me as if I was the Queen of England. They gushed all over and asked if I like the shoes. "Nope," I replied... stepped over the boxes and walked off to meet my husband. I couldn't get out of there fast enough. Too bad they couldn't have been as attentive when we got there.
Just wanted to post a current update... seeing as how Dea's is almost 2 years old-  all but one of the associates in shoes has left, the one who stayed has been the top performing and complimented associate in the department, consistently, since he started. Those of us there now strive to take care of everyone equally, and will spend as much time with someone only interested in a single pair of clearance shoes as someone with a dozen pairs of coach. PLEASE don't let a bad review from years ago stop you from coming by and seeing for yourself. Everyone there now is there because we actually enjoy customer service, and actually do a good job at it (management has been selectively hiring- leaving us short staffed rather than just hiring people to fill spots that really might not be the best match for the position. they only pick the few they think will represent L&T the best and provide the best service to the customers). Come in and make your mind up yourself.
