Sometimes a bit austere in the Special Exhibits, always a special experience. The A-KAG just agrees with me. The Special Exhibits have sometimes been quite rich, enchanting experiences we all enjoy - we like to feel immersed and be 'entertained.' But that's not the case always and sometimes there's some work involved to dig in and experience the art to feel something. I've been to the A-K many times and happily paid my 12 dollars regardless. Always found convenient free street parking on roads both east and west - I'm from Toronto. ;) The semi-permanent exhibits always give me something new to see in the same brilliant works each time. It's not a very big art gallery. But it's an extremely good one, not to mention really affordable & well worth supporting. Situated by/in a brilliantly-designed river park which offers free summer Shakespeare. South of here are beautifully-built mansions and homes, and the charming Elmwood Village with its shopping and renowned resto-bars like Coles and Blue Monk. Honestly all other city neighborhoods should try to look this good...
If you go on the Free First Friday, then I'd give it 5 stars. If you pay for parking ($5) and admission ($12), then you'd likely give it 2-3 stars. It has a modest collection dispersed on 2 floors. The whole museum can be easily seen in 2 hours and that's if you're taking your time. It does have lesser known pieces by famous artists. I often find these pieces disappointing, and they feel like a gimmick to advertise the big names their museum holds. What I enjoy most about these smaller museums is seeing other beautiful works of art that are much lesser known. It's a great thing to discover new art or artists in person. The M&T First Fridays events are wonderful. From 10am-10pm the museum is free. Plus, they have events and activities for kids and adults alike. It's a truly wonderful thing, and I suggest folks with kids go to have a fun, yet cultural, evening as a family. And trust me, your kids will not be the only ones running around the museum on those nights!
No sooner did I get back from a vacation that took me through Buffalo then I saw the latest issue of New York magazine, talking up the many charms of this city. Well, the Albright Knox Gallery is one of those charming things. The collections are housed in a space that merges the original museum's architecture with a contemporary addition. The renovation works very well and offers visitors attractive spaces to view the art, a sculpture garden, etc. One of the exhibits I saw -- "Op art  Revisited"-- was both a great survey on the subject and also an interesting look back at the two previous shows the AK has done on this topic (in the mid-60s and again in the early seventies). The Albright Knox donors are very smart collectors -- Witness the current show of works on paper from the Forman collection. Interesting, intelligent shows to see, a pleasant space to see them in, a good reason for me to go back to Buffalo for another visit.
Sooooo I notice for this (and many many other museums) Museum/Gallery the biggest complaint is for the entry fee?!?!? Seriously? It's okay to plunk down about the same to see a movie, a cocktail, lunch, many other activities, but not for an afternoon of art? Did you know the fee for parking goes directly to the museum?Huh maybe I'm missing something???....oh wait I didn't, I went to AKAG!!!! Yes it's small. You are in Buffalo, NY. That being said this place knocked my socks off. It's what I was hoping the Tate Modern would be and wasn't. There's a whole range of artists here and excellent pieces from them. It was like a who's who of modern art. Did I mention Cindy Sherman? She's the reason I got involved in photography. Did I mention she went to art school in Buffalo and they have some really great pieces of hers here?
A friend of a friend told me about free fridays. Back when elmwood and allentown were respectable i would walk down, taking in the sights and food and end here. For Buffalo, this is a huge plus and surprisingly great! get lost in creation...inspire yourself.
Buffalo is a city ( I know its hard to believe), and like most cities Buffalo has museums. The Albright-Knox Art Gallery, is truly awesome. It's small enough to wander through in one day, but it definitely isn't lack at all in its collection. The grounds are beautiful and upon exiting you can walk straight into Delaware Park. A Quick Factoid: The building itself is one of the few still remaining buildings from the PanAm Expo in 1901. It was supposed to be part of the Fine Arts Pavilion, but construction wasn't completed until 1905.
Very disappointing visit! My family and I were followed around like a bunch of thieves! Very uncomfortable. TWe have been to galleries all over the world, Florence, London, Rome etc.and have never been watched as closely as we were today! The private exhibit upstairs was unimpressive also. Waste of $40.00 (including parking)
I had so much fun here. Perhaps it was the company, or perhaps it's because I love art. I'd like to think it was a mix of both! The space flows well and the collections are extensive in their tastes and genres. There's definitely a little something for everyone. If you love intricate art, that's here. If you love black canvas with a red stripe, that's here as well. Drawings, paintings, sculptures... so many amazing things to look at! Oh, it is also free on Friday, though one little section was pay only. We decided to not pay and just view everything else, and I'm okay with that. Good people, good art, good times. That's the Albright-Knox Art Gallery!
I visited this museum back when I lived in Niagara Falls. Coming from Dallas, I was used to our museums which are pretty nice and expansive. This one.. well, I was disappointed. It's a lot smaller, there isn't as much to look at as we have at the Dallas Museum of Art. BUT it's still worth a look. And when I went, admission was free, so that was much better. I recall feeling glad I didn't have to pay anything for admission because it didn't feel worth it 'cause there isn't much to look at.
Thankfully i went here on Free friday otherwise I would have been disappointed to spent any money to see the museum. I felt that over all the pieces were random, the whole place didn't really have any direction or flow. It was just random pieces with the occasional well known artists, but usually their lowest works. Modern was mixed with classical and contemporary, which kind of conflicts the whole place to me. It seemed pieces were hung just to fill the wall or because it was some famous artist. The staff as well were confused whether to charge us or not for the upstairs, but eventually let us go thru without offering the audio tour players. Not until we were done did we realize we missed out on that. Oh well.
I make it a point to go to the Knox once a month, I will never understand people that dont go, especially when its free on Fridays!  There is always something going on, and while the majority of the pieces are permanent, there always new pieces here and there.  For the most part, I also love all the rotating exhibits,especially the Andrea Zittel exhibits that passed through a few years ago. There is always a great mix of people walking around so even if you arent an 'art person' youll enjoy the people watching.  Where else can you visit a big city art collection (complete with snooty gift shop ladies) in your backyard?
I enjoyed my visit to the Albright-Knox art gallery.  Keep in mind that it's way smaller than art museums in other major cities in the US, though.  I think it took me only 2-3 hours to get through the whole thing. The gallery focuses on modern and contemporary art and also features some interesting sculptures outside the building.  I saw a nice exhibition on Jean Arp, Joan Miro, and Alexander Calder, as well as an exhibition called "Videosphere," which had a ton of bizarre films and animations and took up the entire second floor.  A favorite was a video of an artist walking through a piece of rippling white fabric - she walked slowly, ripping the fabric - displayed on four TVs in a row. After walking through the gallery, I said, "Now for my favorite part of any art museum!"  To which my sister said, "The store?"  Ha, she knows me well.  I guess I jinxed myself, though, because I couldn't find anything I wanted from the store. One other thing - it was freezing inside when I was there in early September.  If you tend to get cold easily, consider bringing a hoodie or something.  My light cardigan was not warm enough.
Got a Groupon to become a member and just used it the other day. My first time back at the gallery in years. Just took my 3 year old, we had fun looking at the sculptures and paintings, but he did get board quick. (mainly because he couldn't touch anything) Browsed the upstairs and first floor though and saw some wonderful pieces though. Will definitely be a nice place to take a stroll in the cold of winter. And if the cafe is as good as it was when I used to live here, will definitely be going for a nice Sunday brunch.
This was once a great hidden treasure. It is now not even a shadow of what it once was. First it cost $5 for parking in Buffalo?!?! and then another $8 per person. Once inside there was a half empty second floor where there used to be a great room with a beautiful entrance. The halls were empty, the walls which were stone had plywood over them and they were empty. Of the work they had up most of it was crappy B grade modern art that really holds little interest. There was none of the great classics or great modern art they were known for. No Picasso glass works. No great painting from some German dude in the staircase. It really is so sad. The curating sucked so bad that my apartment is better lit with Ikea lights. Few works, over hyped, bad curating (very bad - three wags of the finger for this) and the library was closed. This used to be a great place to relax and enjoy and now that too is closed. This place is an embarrasment. I am ashamed I showed it to people from out of town. Every Buffalonian should hang their head a bit lower because of the sad state of what was a great cultural icon.
This is a really welcoming museum but surprisingly small based on all the raves we had heard about it. The art they do have is great. The space is welcoming. There are fun community events, including jazz on Sundays. We went on a free Friday and I was surprised how empty it was. Doesn't seem likely to be crowded anytime if it was empty then. Very nice and helpful staff
Lots of great Modernist/1920's and 30's artists, which always gets me excited. I would probably be more inclined to call this a museum, not a "gallery", due to the size and number of artists in the permanent collection. Most of the big cannon guys (and gals) are here, and even some lesser know artists which is always exciting. The Caulder exhibit was great- a lot of good stuff without being overwhelming. My only complaint is the cost of admission- waaaaaay too overpriced for the size of the space. But, it's worth the trip if in Buffalo!
The caryatids on the east façade by Augustus Saint-Gaudens make the exterior of the main building a work of art in itself.  Can't think of a better art museum in a medium size city in the U.S.  Well worth the visit. The AK modern collection is a major one by any standard.
Buffalo's biggest art gallery is a great place to visit if you're interested in seeing lesser-known pieces by Big Art Names: Liechtenstein, Miro, Van Gogh, Warhol, that sort of thing. The rotating exhibit is also usually worth seeing, though I'd skip the paid admission and go on the First Friday of the month. On these days, you'll get free admission and reduced parking rates (or just park around the back of the museum for free), and it's still not very crowded. There's also usually a lecture on these nights that's fun to attend.
The collection is the kind of collection you'd expect from a big city gallery. One of the best modern art collections in the world, and it's right here. Granted, most of it's not on display (as the classic masterworks the gallery does have are always on display) The gallery needs more space, there's so much art in its collection. The free friday nights at the gallery are amazing. There's always something going on, often times with kid-friendly activities, and best of all you an see the collection for free. It's an outstanding gallery that gets outstanding shows. If you're from out of town visiting Buffalo, this place is a must see.
i really enjoyed the atmosphere and all the nice staff members who were more than willing to answer any questions my only complaint was the 2 young ladies who worked at the gift shop... just talked and talked and talked ..while we were browsing....never once asking ..HEY I KNOW WERE BEING RUDE BUT CAN WE PRETEND TO HELP YOU,.....they talked about their projects,..who they like working with.....i dont even know who they were but we went dec 4th at 1 pm/// i even seen other customers patiently wait to basically interrupt them to ask a  question i seriously thought i was on boiling point
A truly world class art museum. Surprisingly good and well representative of various groups of art. Cool building as well. A great way to spend a snowy afternoon in Buffalo.
It's a little expensive on the weekdays, but it's free on Fridays. I went about two weeks ago and it wasn't crowded at all. It's a cute little place to walk around with a date. The exhibits are only on one floor. There's also a cute restaurant called Muse in the Museum. HA, i get it now. It's owned by the same person who opened Sole and Le Metro. So, must be good.
I like this place but find it a bit of a maze to move around.  I think it's best to go for a tour with one of the docents and have that on my must-do list. There are nice tall ceilings  in many rooms. Staff is very friendly. It's nice to go for a freebie viewing on a Friday night.   The gift shop is not the greatest and I never saw any posters with the art gallery pictured to purchase.  The external architecture is beautiful.
Sadly only the lower level was open when I visited but the collections is wonderful.  Would love to return when the entire collection is open for viewing.
This place is an absolute treasure. I feel so proud that we have Albright-Knox in our city. It's just beautiful, with significant works of art. With Delaware Park as its backdrop, it's just a great getaway. I love this place. One of my favorite spots in Buffalo. They're also very current with great events. Keep doing what you're doing AK!
This is a great modern art gallery. Free Friday nights are definitely a perk - but beware, the crowds can get intense - as with anything that's free.
Although limited in range to French Impressionism,20th Century,and Contemporary Art,the works on display were outstanding.I saw great works by leading painters like;Claude Monet("Towpath in Winter,Argentieul"),Pierre Renoir,Vincent Van Gogh,Paul Cezanne,Camille Pissarro,Henri Matisse,Marc Chagall,Marsden Hartley,Arnold Friedman("Landscape"),Clifford Still,and Sol Lewitt.At the special Avant Garde Buffalo 70 Special exhibit which I did not like as much as the permanent collection,I enjoyed Lynda Benglis'and Stanton Kay's brilliant Bow Wow Series.This art museum has a fine architectural layout.
It's ok. It's a modern art museum. I gave a three because deceiving in size and not a museum I would come back to. More so surprised at the lack of art. Now I hit every art museum in every city I visit now in the last six months this is getting compared to providence, NYC, & Philly. So yea take what you will from it. staff was super nice , which has been my experience with of most of buffalo. If you get a chance walk/ drive around old psych center across street which is mind blowing architecture and history.
The Albright Knox is one of the most beautiful buildings in Buffalo, and that is saying a lot. If you love that unique feeling of open spaces and stunning, cutting edge art, where the light at once softens and sharpens all in its path, where you can quietly connect with other like-minded souls, yet enjoy your own visual meditation, then the Albright is for you. If you enjoy music, dance, lectures, and exposure to other cultures, the Albright is for you. If you simply want to gaze at the most serene Buddha-like image this city offers, the grounds of the Albright are for you. Even if you are simply tired of coffee houses and want a drink, lunch, or a snack, the Albright restaurant offers an oasis of peace. Last but not least, if you want to show all your out-of-town guests why you moved to Buffalo, the Albright is your first stop.
Dear Blackie, I'm writing this open letter of apology to you because of your rejection this morning at the Albright-Knox Art Gallery that could have totally been avoided. It wasn't you. It was me. Although the receptionist/cashier who greeted us, took my money, gave us a map, and carefully opened it to explain what she thought was the best way to enjoy their noted collection, my focus was on her guidance for effective navigation of their space, not the bit of text following the ninth bullet point under Gallery Guidelines - on which she placed no importance and demonstrated that indifference by totally ignoring those guidelines with the rest of the written information on that side of the map. Had I made it a point to ignore the receptionist/cashier (especially her jibber jabber about buying socks in their gift shop before going into the Mirror Room) and let my eyes and pointing finger guide me to written words - very important words that aren't posted near the entrance - I would've known that oversized bags, like you, need to be turned over to someone in the gallery's coat room if guests choose to bring them into the building, and I would've asked for directions to that coat room. That the receptionist/cashier didn't invite me to take you there is of no consequence. I know, Blackie, I know what you're thinking: "it was the receptionists/cashier's responsibility to highlight *all* of the key information that guests need to know before entering the collection, including the gallery's AK Audio self-guided tours (written above the Gallery Guidelines on the map) so visitors know to ask for audio wands in order to enhance their art appreciation experience". The thing is, Blackie, this logic of yours was created in a bubble of fantasy in which I, as your owner, wanted you to live because it's where I want to live too. As a former English language and writing instructor and current library student, providing access and relaying relevant information to those who may not be in the know is as important to me as the breath of life. This isn't the case with the majority of the world's population, Blackie, even when it may be a part of their required job duties. When the receptionist/cashier finally handed over the map, I should've combed through all of it myself to find out where to leave you even though she didn't suggest it. Had I stopped to read the Gallery Guidelines to myself, we wouldn't have been seen as disrespecting those guidelines to the security guard who locked in on us like the Terminator does his prey, letting the galloping feet and outdoor voices of two or three little kids drop a notch on her s--- list. Had I stopped to read the Gallery Guidelines to myself, I would've known that - despite the absence of 3-foot markers preventing visitors from getting too close to their collection - Albright-Knox is a little different from the other galleries/museums we've visited. And no, Blackie, I'm not going to brag about all of the galleries/museums I've visited. Yes, the receptionist/cashier who greeted us made it a point to brag about certain snippets from the gallery's history (which might have caused her to forget to highlight the rules we needed to know about visiting Albright-Knox). But as Shakespeare said, "Who knows himself a braggart, let him fear this, for it will come to pass that every braggart shall be found an a--". And I'm not an a--, Blackie. I'm just a lover of creativity who wants to expose her son, a budding artist himself ('Nough said, as anymore would be bragging.), to as many examples of visual art as possible. But I still owe you and apology for putting you through the humiliation that often comes with being too big. I didn't mean to hurt you. If I could give you the full refund I received after briefly explaining our encounter with the security guard, which resulted in us leaving the gallery without viewing even 40 pieces of their 6,000+ works of art, you know the money would be yours. Hopefully, carrying the wallet that's holding it until I spend it on something better can be of some comfort. Sincerely, K.C.
I absolutely love the Albright Knox, it's my favorite place in Buffalo.  So much information and inspiration to gain from a single visit.  I like how the permanent collection seems to be rotating more often.   I loved volunteering on First Friday of the month because you really see the community take an opportunity to see great works of art for free.  Also on First Fridays they have a lot of activities for young kids and adults all day.   I highly recommend walking around the grounds because it's gorgeous.
Museum was really neat but I was disappointed they did not have the Kahlo and Warhol paintings I thought they had (maybe I missed something?) I'd go again but that part was a total bummer.
Ever since I moved to Buffalo, I've heard a lot of good things about the Albright-Knox. On a Sunday morning, my friend and I finally decided to visit the Albright-Knox for the first time. Though we're both not modern and contemporary art enthusiasts, we were still extremely excited on learning and seeing different types of artworks. From the outside, the Albright Knox has a classic feel due to its architecture and the pillars surrounding the building. However, the large sculptures situated outside the building scream modern and contemporary. I find it interesting how the two elements juxtapose. On that particular day, the admission for the gallery was 25% off because some of the exhibits were closed for installation. I worked for the American Museum of Natural History, and thus I was able to get in for free. My friend, on the other hand, was able to get a student discount. The museum as a whole is small, especially compared to museums in New York City. However, my friend and I both agreed that it was just the right size. It offered a lot of artworks, but it did not overwhelm us. Since the Albright-Knox focuses on modern and contemporary art, it wasn't a surprise when we saw numerous colorful and abstract artworks. Though my friend and I aren't experts, it was fun trying to decipher the meaning of each work. What stood out the most out of all the installations was the mirror room! Everything in the room is made out of mirrors, and this includes the walls, ceiling, floor, table, and chair. We were able to enter the room and take pictures. It was an extremely fascinating experience! Despite its focus on abstract and modern art, the Albright-Knox also showcases other art styles. My friend and I saw beautiful scenic and landscape paintings, as well as European art. The Albright-Knox also has a gift shop and its own AK Cafe. They are both situated on the first floor. The gift shop has an array of quirky and interesting pieces for everyone to enjoy. On the other hand, the AK Cafe seemed like a nice place to eat at. The cafe also has a nice view of the sculpture situated outside the courtyard. All in all, it was a pleasure visiting the Albright-Knox Art Gallery. My friend and I both enjoyed it, and we plan on visiting again during a first Friday of a month, in which the admission is free!
A great place to spend the day into the night. The first Friday of every month parking and entrance is free. There is a cafe in the building. Wine and beer are served with sandwiches and salads. The service is very accommodating. The food is excellent with a limited menu. Dinner is served by a friendly staff. Tonight there is free jazz outside.
The second floor of the Albright-Knox is rather stark right now.  A few monumental Anselm Kiefer paintings -- one with an incredibly thick grey lead frame -- are placed on the walls of a few galleries and curators are encouraging you to get comfortable and hang out with them.  They littered a number of black IKEA POÄNG chairs about for you to get the hint.  (Why doesn't every museum do this?  Lounging with art is quite nice and you'll probably go home wanting an IKEA chair, too.) I suppose many museum goers will be disappointed that more stuff is not on the walls -- the absence is quite jarring and it's a bit like being in a church -- but Kiefer's paintings and the central courtyard given over to Rachel Whiteread's towering plaster-colored staircase seem to amplify the cold, romantically dismal weather outside. I left a bit disappointed and unnerved but, somehow, satisfied.
This was a totally disappointing trip. We are from out of town and were looking forward to visiting this gallery, however we did not know they are CLOSED ON MONDAYS! We pulled into the parking lot which had quite a few cars in it and walked up to the locked entrance. Only then did we find out that they are only open for group tours on Mondays. When we left we had to pay $8 for parking. The worst part was that in the time we were there, at least 3 other families came and left within minutes and all had to pay $8 for parking. If they are closed on certain days that information should be WELL-POSTED. That information should be made known BEFORE anyone tries to enter the parking lot. As we were leaving a 4th family pulled up and we warned them not to go in. They backed out of the parking lot before the gate closed so they could avoid the $8 fee. Also, if someone leaves the parking lot within minutes of arriving, the ticket machine knows this and should just let you out without charging a fee. What a rip off! I wonder how much money they collect on Mondays from this scam.
Pollock, Picasso, Rothko, Warhol, Dali... I know, I know, I'm name dropping here but the Albright-Knox Art Gallery can brag about its outstanding art collection. The 100+ years old museum is a beautiful example of classical and modern architecture. The museum is small enough to be seen in one day but it has so much in its collection that it will take your breath away. The property itself holds interesting sculptures from various contemporary artists, and if my visit to the AK wasn't marred by bad weather, I would have love visiting them up-close. I would agree that the price of admission: it's dirt cheap. And given the collection that the AK has, it's so worth it since it's one of the most important contemporary art gallery in North America.
I remember going to the art gallery when I was little. It always seemed a lot bigger but probably just because I was a lot smaller. Anyway, more recently I've gone a couple times for First Friday, which, you guessed it, is held on the first Fridays of the month. The gallery itself is as nice as I remember it. I'm no art expert and I'm the type of person who can see the entire Met in one day, so in terms of the artwork I'll just remark they have a really cool Pollack and plenty of other fantastic pieces. A problem with First Friday is that you don't have access to the current exhibit. I'm not really complaining about this since the admission was free, just pointing it out in case you're thinking of going. I will also throw in that the bar in the little restaurant is quite nice. The bottled beer selection is not half bad and the wine selection is similarly adequate. I've only had the Malbec there, it was delicious, and I believe it was around $5 a glass. Overall if you're looking for something to do on the first Friday of the month then you can do a lot worse than going out for a nice dinner and then stopping over at the Albright for a quick stroll around the gallery. Always a good date idea too fellas.
Spectacular modern art gallery. Don't grumble about the $17 for parking and admission.  Some cities have extra tax money for subsidized art but Buffalo isn't one of them. Get over it.  With the quality of the art, the curating, and the staff, you could not have a better modern art experience for so little money. As one of the docents (?) explained to me, the founders/curators sought to provide the very best they could afford, even if they could only afford one or two works by the artist.  The main floor has terrific modern pieces from the 20th century (Sorry, I'm not an expert and can't name the specific schools/eras: Salvador Dali, Jackson Pollock, you get the idea... ) The top floor - which is itself architecturally breathtaking - houses the contemporary collections, i.e. stuff from the past 30 years or so.  Stuff that was breathtakingly beautiful, touching, disturbing, ironic and funny.  Everything modern art should be. This year I have been to MOMA, Art Gallery of Ontario, Montreal Museum of Fine Arts (modern collection), and Richmond, VA's Museum of Fine Arts.  All had their own vibe  and Richmond was a particular delight but the contemporary collections of MKAG stood above them all for me. Buffalo is struggling in many ways, but the art gallery is a gem.  Spend an hour less at the outlet mall and make a special trip. It's worth it.
OK, this is a small gallery with some very nice works in it.  I have been coming here since I was a child and it has remained a really terrific small museum.  This museum has been expanded over the years, the new areas are great and allow for more small shows to be held concurrently.  You will see many different things here.   The museum store is a nice one, they have interesting things and the prices are good. Based on reviews below I feel compelled to point out, this museum, and museums in general, are private or nonprofit organizations, not govt funded public ones.  Yes, there is a fee to get in.  Its worth it.  You would spend more at the movies or a dinner out.  Take some time to see a museum.  The Met in NY is up to $20 I think, and whole it is indeed much larger, you cant really take it all in in a day either, so it ends up needing more than one visit. MOMA is also in the $20-25 range. **Edited to take out comment about the AK restaurant.  See separate review for that.
The AK is a total gem.  It's a gorgeous setting for modern art.  I have been here for numerous exhibits and conferences.  There is something very soothing and intellectual in attending a legalish conference, walking out of the auditorium and meditating on a Richard Serra sculpture.  I'm no erudite art critic by any means, but the AK has something for every one (other than the Matthew Barney shit, which Must Be Destroyed, IMHO).   A truly fabulous collection and if you haven't been there, get there NOW!
The Albright-Knox Art Gallery is a must-see for visitors of Buffalo, and Buffalo residents alike.  With a nice permanent collection, and a smart rotation of newer pieces, there is something for everyone.   If you're curious about the Albright-Knox, check it out for free on Friday's from 3-10 p.m (called Gusto at the Gallery).  You won't be able to see all of the exhibits, but you will get to see a good portion of the gallery's permanent collection, as well as having access to some workshops surrounding the theme of that week's Gusto.  From what I can tell, they offer free workshops that cater to both adults and children. If you do enjoy the museum, definitely check it out and pay the admission to get in.  The collection at the Albright-Knox is extensive and very well put together.
Across the street from the Albright-Know Gallery is Buffalo State College. It's the smaller sister school of the (probably) better known University of Buffalo but both are in the SUNY system. At this point you've either stopped reading this review or are thinking: please get to the point! Here it is, as a art student at Buffalo State College across Elmwood Avenue, I spent many a day in the Albright-Knox Gallery and I am grateful for it. The museum holds a diverse array of paintings and sculptures and is large enough so that you can return time and time again without getting bored but small enough to really do in one day. I see people complain here that the collection is random but that's probably the point. With this being (as far as I know) the only major art museum in Western New York, it has to have a wide appeal. I found the randomness appealing and quaint in a way. Even now I remember spending snowy days int he museum taking notes for a particular art or design project or just spending some time surrounded by art. There are pieces by some of the biggest names in modern art here including Lichtenstein, Warhol, van Gogh, and deKooning. The gallery serves as a cultural center and at the risk of sounding too much like an advertisement is located at the edge of beautiful Delaware Park overlooking the lake in the first of famous landscape designer Fredrick Law Olmstead's Buffalo parks. Personally, I have fond memories of this museum and have returned many times since college, always drawn in by its accessibility and diversity.
Being from the DC area, I guess I'm spoiled with access to substantive, noteworthy (possibly award-winning?), free museums. Art, history, culture-- name any type of museum and we probably have one, and with free access in DC. However, I was in Buffalo this past weekend for a visit and bought tickets for the Rockin' at the Knox show. I was pumped for both the show and the museum but sadly, the latter fell short. First off, the show was actually not that bad! I was surprised that it was outdoors-- I've been to a few gallery shows before and bands have always played indoors. I didn't realize that the AKG was so small on the inside, so I can see why it was outdoors. The Wainwrights (Martha and Rufus), The National and The Atlas Sound all played sets that were on point, head bopping ensued! During The National's set, my bf and I decided to wander into the museum. There were quite a few empty rooms, in preparation for new exhibits and installations which, yes, is exciting for anticipation's sake but isn't all that great to look at when you're there for the art. It did have some interesting installations though. Oh, I would also be sure to check out the mirror room-- it's pretty awesome but kinda smells like dirty socks (you can only wear socks if you want to stand in the room. Ew.) Other than that, the museum is just ok. I can't seem to justify paying any dollar amount for that museum, since it seemed to be lacking a large volume of art due to it being in a weird, in-between installations stage. If you're as big of a cheapskate as I am, be sure to hit up AKG on Friday nights when admission is free.
My family loves the Albright-Knox Art Gallery and we're members. The collection is superb and intimate--unlike at other galleries, you can get right up to the Renoirs, Matisses, and Dalis--no ropes, no glass. The children's and adult drawing classes are worth taking--instructor Beth is very talented and engaging and the projects we've worked on are proudly displayed in our living room. Also, the Cafe is a wonderful place to eat and offers better-than-average food ( the avocado BLT and mac & cheese are not to be missed) and good prices. In summer, we enjoy dining outside  in the courtyard. We also enjoy M&T First Fridays and the special speakers, concerts, and films that the gallery has. I've only been on two tours so far, but the guides have been very professional I've learned a lot about art and artists during the tours. The gift shop is small but it has an excellent selection of artistic, off-beat merchandise. I like to shop here when I need unusual, relatively low-cost gifts for very picky friends or  friends from abroad. Finally, I've had the privilege of visiting bigger art galleries in places NYC, London, Paris, and St. Petersburg, and while it would be totally unfair to compare the Albright-Knox with the Louvre or the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the AK does excel at being an aesthetically-rewarding 2-3 hour experience that's enjoyable without being overwhelming.
I'm giving this gallery low marks because of the amazing ridiculousness of its staff.  After arriving for "free" Friday, we were informed that the upstairs show requires admission.  I've been to plenty of museums, but it seems to me when you organise an exhibition of art composed mostly of stuff from your own permanent collection, you shouldn't be ticketing it separately.  Strike 1. Want to take pictures of the exhibition? I'm sorry, not upstairs.  Don't want to use the audio tour? Take it back downstairs yourself.  Don't sit too close to the wall (at a bench no less), you'll get the wall dirty.  I'm not an 8 year-old kid.  Everyone there was telling us what not to do.  I've never been to such a negative museum within the first 15 minutes.  Strike 2. Interactive art that you can touch? Don't touch it too much.  Move it back.  The people watching the cameras don't like it.  I saw one picture in the gift shop I didn't notice on the walls.  So I asked the information person about it: Her: "Oh, you didn't see it on the walls? It's not there."   Me: "Can you look it up for me where it might be?" Her: "Oh, our computer can't do that." That's it.  No, 'I'm sorry I'll ask someone' for you, no attempt whatsoever to be helpful.  That would be asking too much of the "information" desk. Strike 3.   I'll still talk about the art.  At best, the artists might be famous, but the works are not their best items.  Few things I saw were memorable or even noteworthy for the artists that made them.  I saw a Picasso and a Magritte that I would never have attributed to them, and I like a lot of their work.  I left feeling underwhelmed at the collection. Overall, this museum felt like it was overly self-important, and its training programme must be atrocious if it had that many different people making our visit unpleasant.  So, In summary, I wouldn't recommend this place unless you're a serious contemporary art fan that can get past the ineptness of the staff. Who thought I'd give my first one star review to an art museum?
