I've gotten my haircut in this store salon before. Call ahead and ask for Kayla. I LOVE how she cuts and is so nice. My one issue is the other old lady who cuts hair. I prefer to get my haircut at a place where I am not insulted (or leave with a horrible cut). I sometimes buy clothes and home goods here. What i dislike is the disorganized layout. Good store if you don't want the crowds from Destiny.
My grandmother worked at Penny's for a long time and it is sad that it has really gone downhill over the years.  I went to the Penny's in Shoppingtown on Black Friday (I know this is not smart, but I happened to be near by and decided why the hell not stop in the mall).  I knew they had some curtains on sale for really cheap so I ventured inside.   Trying to buy the curtains was quite the lengthy ordeal.  I was in line at a register and a woman came over with an order for someone that she just started checking out.  She never said to me, 'could you wait a moment or these customers were waiting'.  It was awkward, as my stuff was on the counter and the other customers were over to the side, and rude.   Of course the woman then struggled to ring in the large order and another employee attempted to help.  They went back and forth between one another for about 10 minutes while completely ignoring about 10 customers surrounding the register.  Not once during the dilemma did they say sorry for the delay. Customer service was a letdown and so are most of the clothes.  On the plus side, at least they got over that whole 'no sales or coupons' debacle that practically ruined the place.
Online inventory reported that the store had the pants I wanted in my size and available in 3 colors.  I spent almost 30 minutes of my lunch hour searching through the very disorganized and incorrectly signed racks of men's trousers and found only one pair, and it was my least favorite of the three colors that the pants come in.  Signs read "pleated trousers", yet most everything on the rack was flat front. I found that the style I was looking for was mixed into other racks of different styles. Nothing was organized by style, size, or grouped by color. What a total mess. And not a single sales person around to help me. They weren't busy - there was only one other customer shopping in men's dress clothes - they were simply absent. Not until I gave up and headed toward the door did I encounter a sales person who robotically recited "hello, sir" without bothering to even look at me. Whoever trains the sales people at this store should be fired and run out of town. This was hands down one of the most discouraging shopping experiences I've had in a long time and served only to remind me why I hate malls and the stores within them.  Will I go back to this store? NEVER! Will I try the JC Penney at Destiny? Maybe, but I seriously doubt that their customer service game is any better.
