Oh my word. Just kidding, I don't really talk like that. But this place is nothing short of AMAZING. Literally breath-taking for the ones who appreciate art, etc. Perfect last day spent here & Wynwood in general. Has to be my most favorite district in Miami & my profession isn't even in the arts or fine arts. Check them out on IG for 2015 updates on the walls. @Wynwoodlife. +FREE + Jugofresh located inside or outside depending on where you enter for fresh-pressed juices, smoothies, healthy food on a warm, Miami day + plenty of local art galleries to check out nearby +Wynwood Kitchen is a must after checking out all the walls, galleries, etc. HH 5:30pm-7:30pm M-F +Panther Coffee is a rock's throw down for some coffee/dessert if you get too hot or whatever.   I love Wynwood! Will be back next year! :)
The Wynwood Walls and especially Second Saturday was probably the best thing I did in Miami while I was there. The atmosphere is so nice and they have about fifteen food trucks around the area. If you are ever in the location, the Second Saturday of every month around 7 pm is the place to be. You have access to all the art galleries on that street for the evening and it is quite an enjoyable place to be. I started my Second Saturday adventure at the Wynwood Walls. I was extremely excited to be there and the art was just amazing. Some 3D-like murals existed and it really made you appreciate art. The Walls are free to visit. I highly recommend them!
I absolutely love Second Saturday. So much to see, it goes beyond the art, it's the vibe, the people, it's a feast for your senses. Another thing that totally makes it cool is that there are DJ's on almost every corner pumping amazing sounds. I've never been into art that much until coming here, but the creativity here is just inspiring. It's young, fun and one of the coolest things you can do in South Florida. Did I also mention it's free? Just bring some money for the food trucks!
How does one even review a collection of walls adorned by street art? I'm not sure, so I'm just going to ramble a bit. In the early days of Wynwood's renaissance, I wasn't too impressed by the street art. I wasn't impressed by the area, period. It was trying way too hard to be edgy-urban-hip. The art wasn't too far elevated above your typical street graffiti. These days, the street art has become far more elaborate and involved, easily to the point where I can, to my tastes, unequivocally call it "art." The best place in Wynwood to see the aforementioned street art is the Wynwood Walls. It's free, and the art is always detailed and engaging - even if the art on current display isn't to your taste, I'd say it's still worth a trip. Sometimes, the overall effect with the giant wall-murals is rather stunning. From what I can see, this has even become a major tourist attraction. I could think of worse ways for our visitors to spend a half-hour or so.
We are so absolutely fortunate to live in a city that invites and celebrates graffiti/street art. As a city, we have all agreed to not only dedicate an entire slice of the cities walls to this pursuit, but we've also all agreed in return to visit it all to enjoy the ever-changing art that encompasses these few square blocks of awesomeness. I've personally been watching this evolution for the past decade, and I'm never short of blown away by what I see each time. I am a child of the 70s/80s growing up with hip hop, and I love it all, including graffiti. According to the Urban Dictionary, the definition of hip hop is: A name for the 4 elements of the late 70's New York City renaissance which includes break dancing, emceeing, (rapping) graffiti, and turntablism. That said, I lived in NYC in the early 2000's and used to go to a place in Long Island City that also had a really great presence like this. Seeing Miami embrace it and continue to dedicate resources and love to it, only made me proud to be back in my hometown area and still have access to this type of community. As a result, I have been exposed to artists from around the world who come to Miami to exhibit their art, and expand our reach beyond local artists. You can say the same thing about the myriad of galleries that inhabit the surrounding area but here's the big divide between the street art on the Wynwood Walls and the galleries.... You can't buy the street art on WW walls. It's not for sale. It's strictly and wholeheartedly for your eyes and enjoyment only. That's it. There is no capitalism, consumerism, or any other money making ism available. The artist wants you to take in what they created out there in the open for the world to see for the short period of time that it lasts. Then, another artist comes, and invites you to do the same thing. It's not tangible. It won't be hanging on some millionaires walls. It's simply put there for you, me, and the world to experience for that short moment in time. This, to me, is what makes this area special and gives it a sense of commitment. Commitment? What on earth do you mean by that? I thought this was not supposed to be a sterile institution like vibe here. What I mean by commitment is... You will have to visit several times a year to watch the evolution. To have the ability to see if there is a story wrapped within another story. Perhaps there is a trilogy in all of this from a particular artist? Maybe it's just a 1-off and you've caught that small pocket of enjoyment to never happen again. The commitment is to the story that the walls tell us as human beings, as residents of South Florida, and as citizens of humanity. We ask for free joy a lot in life. Sometimes some of us even expect it to just show up on our door steps. Well here ya go. Some free joy. Now go experience it.
Developer Tony Goldman (RIP 2012) recognized that the blighted warehouse neighborhood of Wynwood needed a unique attraction to bring people and business to the abandoned area once the manufacturing age's jobs and processes went offshore. Despite its seemingly ideal location - squeezed between the financial district downtown to the south and the Design District to the north, and belted on the west by the walls along I95, it was crazily well situated to be such a crime ridden remnant of the past manufacturing era. So Tony Goldman commissioned world renowned muralists to change the place from the cosmetic outside in order to tempt people to revitalize inside. See TG's portrait by Shepard Fairey outside Wynwood Kitchen. Within less than a decade, restaurants, night clubs, galleries, and special events have attracted world view and the visits of tens of thousands. Like technology's early adopters, art enthusiasts who enjoy Wynwood appreciate the graphic ingenuity of the murals, as well as the outlaw bravado that brought the spray painters, sticker artists, stencilers, as well as the simpler taggers and egoist bombers to one place. Walls change without predictable frequency. Visiting once is not enough. Second Saturdays' late night event each month with its mobbed streets, reckless skateboarders, open bars, booming clubs, and fewer and fewer food trucks  - is frankly losing its appeal. The young crowds who arrive are not the moneyed patrons sought by the galleries. So Preview Thursdays is offered for those who still want to get up close and personal with curators, but don't love being caught in Second Saturday's necessarily well policed traffic. The best time to see the murals is morning, when the most righteous criminals in the neighborhood are either still sleeping it off, or are waiting to make bail. There will be few parked cars obstructing views of the artwork. Yet a clog of health oriented cyclists (what do you call a group of bicycles anyway?) make Panther Coffee on Second Ave a stopping point. You should, too. Amp up your urban common sense, and leave no valuables visible or accessible in your car or on your person. There is a growing number of residential shares at airBnB, a play club for kids that includes tutoring and yoga, and boxing and martial arts academies in the rehabbed warehouse space. However, I don't personally encourage family visits at this point in time. Wynwood's most recent iteration is more like an Aware Adults Only neighborhood. But it is definitely a Must-See for anyone coming to town.
How exactly does one review art? It's all subjective and many might call this place a bunch of vandalism. Anyhow, I love street art and while you might think that by sectioning off a bunch of walls and commissioning/requesting art to be done on them loses the luster of the street art intention, I'd disagree. Instead, we're lucky to have a resource that protects the skills and styles of some of the great street artists of our time in our backyard. Yeah, it's touristy and maybe even a little cliché, but if you go with a set of headphones and just appreciate the talent you're looking at -- yeah, it's cool. Also, if you don't know about the BYOBike Tour of Street Art in Wynwood, please, please, please make it your mission in life to do it. New Times: blogs.miaminewtimes.com/… ... They aren't every day anymore, just Friday-Sunday, but WheelBarrow (the tour guide) is awesome and it's FREE. (But, c'mon, tip the guy!) Trust me, just do it.
Growing up in the north east it's hard not to appreciate street art. Wynwood Walls is pretty good for the fam on the 2nd Saturday. Food trucks, music (which is basically Mos Def or The Roots) blasting throughout the alleyways and beautiful murals. It's not as big as you'd think, but some of the side streets have gems so I would suggest talking a leisurely stroll down each one. The stores are kinda whatever. Overpriced hipster shit. The actual galleries are cool but some are just high priced pretentious junk. Take the Peter Tunney gallery located inside the walls. You'll see a rejuvenated basketball backboard with some witty self-important saying on it for $260,000. I was not impressed by any of it, but its interesting to look at simply because some idiot is shelling out that kind of money at the Art Basel to impress his chick. Go for the murals. Take in the sounds of coffee shop chicks and white dudes hip-hop music and just appreciate talent. Don't buy anything though, that would be silly.
If you're an art enthusiast, you cannot leave Miami without spending a morning/day wandering around the famed Wynwood Walls. Pros: * Street art of it's finest kind, not the silly ugly tags and scrawls... but beautiful ART! * A range of fun hipster shops, boutiques, cafes and restaurants Tips: * Best to come here with a car because the area surrounding the Walls is a bit questionable. With a car you can be safe, explore the full extent of the Walls, and not miss out on anything. * If the bus is your only option, it's OK. The bus is really easy to take (from South Beach), you need to pay extra for a transfer, and drops you off about a 10 minute walk from the entrance of the Walls. Some bus drivers are nice enough to waive the transfer if you don't have any more change. * Recommend visiting around or after noon. I went solo around 10AM on a weekend, and I felt uncomfortable walking around by myself. The streets were completely empty.
I went to this area on Sunday between the hours of 10am until 12 noon. I was shocked on how much wall art was everywhere. From the floor, to the walls and buildings. It was exciting, as if I was taking a trip in wonderland. So many talented artist. It was not busy and be prepared for a long walk. So bring a bike or drive around and pull over and take pictures, indulge. The slight downfall, on Sundays, there are not many choices for food. However, there is the "RHouse", which is great tasting food! I have to go back again, you cannot see everything in one day. Enjoy!
The ambiance,the artwork,the music,the food,all create a wonderful experience.This is a must see for the artsy homosapien when visiting Miami.can't wait to experience it again...Soup
It's a place where you can see world class street art for free. How can you not like this spot? It features artists like Shepard Fairy and Invader who are on the top of street artist scene. What would be even more awesome is of Bansky put in some random art somewhere. It isn't his style to do a set mural but it would be pretty amazing if he did some random art somewhere in the location. Overall if your going to hit up Miami's art scene this is a great place to go. It's free and the talent is top notch!
A fantastic place to see artistic wall graffiti!  Oh, now it is called "wall art" and has become the "rave" of the Miami's Fashion and Art District. (sigh)  I have been going to this section of Miami... for over 10 years and it always surprises me how the area changes and has developed into an upcoming and trendy place. (Kudos to the City of Miami for bringing in $$$) Remember that the actual "Wynwood Walls" main area (2528 NW 2nd Ave) is only open certain times of day and is gated! BUT THE TRUE ADVENTURE BEGINS ~ when you wonder off the "beaten path" onto the all side streets to really see what all the local artist have done to the area. It is their place to express themselves on such a unique "canvas" such as buildings, walls, gates fire hydrants and light posts ... It's just a great experience ... THIS AREA WOULD BE DEFINED AS (got to be technical to really understand the whole area it engulfs):  Wynwood is roughly divided by North 20th Street to the South, I-195 to the North, I-95 to the West and the Florida East Coast Railway to the east. What I the suggest is cruising down all the streets (methodically) very early in the morning, avoiding local business traffic so that you can have a full view of all the wall art (avoiding the parked cars, roaming homeless people and the like).  Note:  If there is an area that you want to see something that is fenced off, always be respectfully of that owners property. The best time to go there for me is either very early in the mornings (6:00am - 9:00am) on weekdays or on Saturday and Sunday (6:00am - 10:00am) ... but ALWAYS be aware of your surroundings, NEVER leave you car running / unlocked when you get out and photograph a mural / wall, but most important is to have fun. It can take hours to see and to be honest I have always found something new every time i have gone there. Bottom Line: It is just a great place to see some up coming "artistic wall graffiti". ENJOY! Cheers!
awsome experience every time, I have not one artistic bone in my body, but when it comes to these walls and the art that is displayed I cannot help but take a breath at the amazing art that is created in this awsome place.   Alot of fellow yelpers write about how bad the area is and the crime,  cars broken into, things stolen, maybe I'm just old school MIA but it happens.   I go for the culture and the art that surrounds it and all, the really friendly people who come to see the beautiful walls I have come to see, and all the different languages you can hear on every second Saturday of the month from around the world for art walk.     I will continue to embrace the walls in wynwood because they alow me to enjoy something that I can not...... and that is to be an artist.
Wynwood was described to me as an up and coming area where theres a fine line between the rich and the poor. It's still earlier in the stage of revitalization. A few years ago, a concept began of converting the warehouse walls to large art canvas here and that is where we are at this moment. The walls are eccentric larger than life graffiti art done by well known graffiti artist from around the world. It's free for the public to enter and take it all in. I've never seen anything like it so it's really cool. Truth be told, I don't know how the walls are really supposed to be interpreted but art is subjective but I sure know I can't draw something cohesive on a wall that 20 feet wide. The area it self is pretty safe in the day but not sure about night time. Remember that fine line I was talking about? It's still in progress to be revitalized with new businesses and housing. One thing I do hope is that it keep its authenticity and not lose any of it that makes this place really cool.
this entire area was truly an inspiration. The kind of art that gives you chills upon viewing, absolutely amazing!
Never in my life have I experienced an area so eclectic and unique... and to think that it's been in my backyard most of my life is simply mind blowing. As a "day-after-Valentine's-Day-activity", I took my boyfriend down to Wynwood Walls. We parked along the street and made the half mile walk down to the 24th street area. The walk was beautiful, and we got some "sneak peaks" of the artwork on the walls along the way. When we finally go to the "center" of Wynwood Walls, it took our breath away. Humongous murals surrounded us, and we couldn't wait to start exploring! The artistic abilities of the people who created these pieces of wall art is so impressive, and they are obviously so unbelievably talented. The use of color and the attention to detail blew my mind. We got lost for hours down there, and had a wonderful time taking pictures and admiring the different styles and works. Along the way, we ran into a wonderful cigar shop called 100 Fires and grabbed some delicious coffee at Panther Coffee. Bring a camera and some water! You won't be disappointed. We can't wait to head back down South!
This is an outdoor artists display in the middle of Wynwood.  There are large paintings and art displays throughout.  The ground is covered with AstroTurf.  Next door is the Wynwood Kitchen Restaurant, which was packed.   There is free street parking surrounding this area.  One Saturday a month they have an art walk through this area.  Food trucks line the streets during the event. All the warehouses are open with the Artists' work for viewing.  Neat up and coming area!
I've had Wynwood Walls bookmarked for such a long time and was soo excited to cross it off of my list. Crossing it off does not at all mean that I will not return in fact, I can't wait to get my artsy vibe on at Wynwood Walls again! The artwork is bright, inspiring, and everything that I anticipated it to be! Can't even pinpoint which wall was my favorite as there was sooo much that each artistic design offered!
Loved the walls. The art was very creative and inspirational. This area was very ineteresting.
We were spending a long weekend in Miami and wanted to do something a little less touristy.  Wynwood Walls was really fun.  We spent an hour just looking at the murals in the confines of the little park.  Tons more time can be spent wandering around Wynwood in general.  Very beautiful and fun.  And there are a number of places to grab good food/smoothie/juice while you wander.
Visited from NYC. We heard that this neighborhood resembled Bushwick, Brooklyn and wanted to check it out. The quality of art is amazing. What else is impressive is that non of it is ruined by graffiti. In NYC, you often see a great piece of art ruined by graffiti. There were also lots of models doing photo shoots, using the art as background.
What can I say that has not been said yet. Yes, you have to see this area. Yes, you have to bring your camera. I had so much fun and loved the wall art. My daughter drove me through this area Thanksgiving, I did not have time to stop in and explore.  I was so surprised  to see this art. SF has an area like this but Wynwood is much larger in size. Well here I am again and this is well worth the time. In fact it is an area that ever changes. The wall art changes so make sure you get a good look this time because next time it may be different. The art Galleries are great and bring your $$$$$. You will find something you can not live without. If it makes you smile and say wow ! " Buy It " Not enough starts to rate this area !!!
A 5 star art experience. I loved winding around the beautiful maze of murals done by artists from around the world. It's like an outdoor museum, and it's free! I came for the Second Saturday Wynwood art walk and I would definitely recommend checking that out. The galleries and boutiques stay open late and you can breeze in, appreciate some art, and maybe have a nibble or a drink. As for the neighborhood that surrounds it... I'm new to the city and walked to 2nd from Biscayne. Suuuuper dark, deserted and creepy streets. I'd suggest driving or getting a ride in.
I love this place!! It just makes you appreciate street art, be aware we came around 3 pm on a saturday it was very busy and took us a long time to find a parking space unless you rather pay $10 on a public parking, remember to bring comfortable shoes since you are going to walk a lot, its not just seeing the part thats gated but also outside you have to go through every street remember to go an see the boom box Facing I-95 from Wynwood's west end on Northwest Sixth Avenue and 23rd Street, the Boombox mural is prime real estate in terms of street-art visibility. And it has occupied that space for three years, exponentially longer than most pieces last in the neighborhood. This is a must go for everyone that visits miami, be careful with your belongings, your car and your camera if you are taking shoots.
Ah! my neighborhood!))) check this place and experience the freedom of expression, take some pics and get some inspiration especially on  the Second Saturday Wynwood art walk or ArtBasel week! Love love this special quite unordinary radical vibes and people, so different than other parts of Miami and South Beach! Walk through some galleries and museums which open late and usually are for free  ;-)
Some of the best Street Artist are represented here and has been the center of the Wynwood Arts District since it's existence What I appreciate most from Walls is how it makes my city look to out-of-towners   They love this place    It's cool to send people that are visiting Miami for the first time to some other place other than South Beach (not really Miami) or Little Havana (not really that Havanaish) next
*If I were solely basing this review on the street art itself, it would be a 5 hands down. I love street art, and the street art here is not only extensive, but awe-inducing. * I am however writing a 1-star review based on SAFETY! I came here aware that I'd have to pass Overtown to get here via public transportation, but was not prepared for just HOW scary it'd be...vagrants lined the streets and I was cat called, whistled at, and honked at several times on the way to Wynwood as well as inside Wynwood. I would recommend driving if you can to avoid taking public transportation through the sketchier areas.  It was broad daylight and I still felt unsafe. I grew up in San Francisco, have lived in L.A., and now live in Chicago so I assure you this is not me being a pansy. This is me warning you about your safety. *I walked on 2nd ave from 24th to 36th street around 11AM and most streets were literally BARREN (aside from the cat callers). Though I could see that many alleys were covered with street art, I didn't feel inclined to walk down any alleys alone. *Do NOT confuse Wynwood with hipster, artsy neighborhoods like Wicker Park & Logan Square in Chicago, or the Mission in San Francisco---Wynwood is several levels below the others in gentrification. It sounds like the Second Saturday art walk is the way to go (I imagine that is AWESOME),and if you can't make it to that just do NOT go on a Sunday. In addition to the walls being gated off, most art galleries are closed and again, the streets were barren.
A must-stop photo-op for any out-of-town guests.  They're feel immediately like a Miami native taking in all the profoundly native street art and taking mad FB pics. Once I got stuck in one of the monster-truck tires.  It got 114 likes as my profile picture.  Enough said right? Other reviewers have commented the parking is terrible--and they are right.  Find somewhere centrally located and hoof it the rest of the way.  You'll see some more beautiful art along the way (including some on otherwise completely obscured road signs... "Can we park here?" "I don't know--it's a cat")
We make a point of visiting Wynwood every time we go to Miami to visit my husband's family.  There's always something new!  Go during the day to check out the murals and get a coffee or juice at the nearby juice bar, or go at night for dinner and some drinks at the nearby restaurants and bars.  I prefer Wood Tavern.  The murals are lit up at night so you can go any time.
Great work of art and great place to go with the family!
Does location contribute to the rating?  If so, I'd give this two stars.  Know before you go that surrounding streets are very, very dangerous.  This I found out first hand and was advised by locals AFTER I got to Wynwood.  Do NOT walk between 2nd ave and 20th.  Just don't do it. Having said that, Wynwood as a restaurant and artsy location is great.  Food is good, works are beautiful.  You could get murdered on the way there.  Too close to Liberty City and Little Haiti, man. The following day -- a local warned me that Overtown is where the show "First 48" is filmed.  You can google it -- sure enough.  That area has enough homocides to make a tv show based on it.  Wynwood is not directly in Overtown -- but there is enough bleedover.  Check out this crime map from the Miami police:  crimemapping.com/map/fl/…  -- make sure you note the dates because it defaults to only two months of data.  Someone requested I provide a map of the route NOT to take and I want to post that picture to Yelp ... trying to now.
If you're a street art lover like myself, this place is a must-see. The curated look of the whole place may be off-putting for some, but I found it very relaxing and the place wasn't too busy so I had plenty of time to just sit down and absorb all the work the artists have carefully laid on each wall. If I could rename the place, I'd call it a, 'Wall Garden,' since it really invites a calm feeling despite its gritty surroundings. Just don't expect to rush through it in 30 minutes without getting sensory-overload... there really is a lot to take in here.
A must-visit spot while you're in Miami. There are so many amazing photo ops, you could wonder around this place for hours! Plus, the Wynwood nieghborhood has a super hip feel. Tons of great places to eat and drink right around here.
Amazing artwork.. huge paintings everywhere. Beautiful atmosphere and good way to spend time to admire the art but weekends are packed and you can't move for the life of you. I love all the amazing colors though, def a must to check out!
Gorgeous, breathtaking, fabulous, talent, art, MIAMI! I fell inlove with wynwood the first time I laid.eyes on all the art. Its like escaping into a different world. Its peaceful but at the same time still miami. It has all the locals taking pictures and also making art. What better way to spend a Sunday in Miami. I took my friends here and had a mini photo shoot it was amazing. I had such a great time taking pictures, being in pictures and just taking in all the art it was hard for me to have to leave and back to reality. This will most definitely be a stop for me every time I come home. A sweet memory in my mind of how vivaciously wonderful beautiful talented Miami is. Until we meet again adios.
The Wynwood Walls are a special part of Miami that makes it extra special. I love all the artwork here. I highly recommend that you park around this area, walk around, and take pictures. You may get that extra spark of creativity flowing! Parking here is extremely limited during Art Walks. If you aren't sure where to park, you may have to park really far away or will be aggravated enough to drive away to avoid all the chaos.
I don't review art galleries because they all seem the same to me after walking around and seeing so many galleries on Second Saturday, but there is something special about Wynwood Walls.   Even though I don't know a lot about art, it is really easy to love this place.  You just want to take a seat and stare at these murals and think about all the hard work they put into them.  Even if you don't walk around looking at walls, it's just really relaxing to take a seat at the tables in front of the wall painted by Nunca and just relax. If you have never been here, come to dinner at Wynwood Kitchen and sit on the outside patio which is part of Wynwood Walls and enjoy the atmosphere and beautiful scenery.
It's no secret I love Miami.   After experiencing Wynwood Walls during ArtWalk, I have a deep respect for the quiet cultural movement which has taken place in Wynwood.  When visiting last night at ArtWalk when the area was crazy packed with people my friends and I only took a whirlwind tour (too much other stuff to see).  But I can see myself coming here in the very near future on my own with my kids to check out the quiet reflective side of the area which awaits me where I can sit in peace and reflect on these really amazing walls of art and explore them in more detail.
It wasn't until I stepped in to Wynwood Walls on a rainy night that I feel like I "got" Miami. So many people extol the virtues of South Beach and other highlights around town, but I just couldn't ever find a place that made me want to come back, much less tell others about. If you're in Miami and you don't see Wynwood Walls, you are really missing out. I love street art, I love parks, I love patios, I love great restaurants. WW is all the best of those things rolled in to one. Come during the day, come at night. Come with your camera, your kids, your whole posse and your eyes and schedule wide open. You won't regret it.
Best part of Wynwood Art Walk! Why bother walking in the small, cramped, and crowded private art galleries, when you can enjoy fresh air and gigantic life size art of walls? I'd recommend doing both, but definitely do not miss Wynwood Walls. It was the highlight of our night and makes some great photos.
Located in the Wynwood are in Midtown Miami. This area offers local artist to express themselves on local buildings! Great place to walk around and take in some great art. This area offers alot of places to have a meal or snack and also have some drinks. Parking is tricky so make sure to check the signs were you are parking so you won't get a ticket or towed.
For anyone that has not been to Wynwood Walls be prepared to be blown away when walking through there.  It does not matter i you are an artist, art lover, or just a plain visitor, one will be in love with this place after one visit. Each mural is beautiful and vivid. They each tell their own story. Looking into a mural, it feels if you are transplanted from the Wynwood into the artist's own little world. Next time in the Wynwood, stop by the Wynwood Walls and grab a few libations while enjoying the art and music that fills this wonderland.
This place is absolutely beautiful, the walls are gorgeous! There's a restaurant right in the middle and the colors are vibrant. It's a great place to hang out, or just go read a book, do a photoshoot anything really. The neighborhood can get kinda sketchy if you go a bit the wrong way tho
Apparently there's some event on the second Saturday of every month that, to this date, I've never experienced. But I don't care. Not a lick. The fact is that Miami's burgeoning and rapidly blossoming art scene is exemplified in Wynwood and further represented by the Wynwood Walls. And, furthermore, speaking as someone who possesses a very stunted gene in terms of art appreciation (I'm more a literary guy than a visual arts guy), the Wynwood Walls provide a very cool backdrop to an area that is quickly becoming the epicenter of what Miami will hopefully become instead of what Miami currently is. Miamians, please don't take offense! I love Miami. I really, really do. But it could use some depth. For too long, we've been relying on our beaches and our neon lights and our fancy cars and our money and our surgically-enhanced bodies. For far too long. And maybe Wynwood is offering us an escape. And maybe the Wynwood Walls can serve as a symbolic genesis to the depth we so desperately need as a community and as a people. Maybe the Wynwood Walls can bring us back to something simpler. Instead of a stuffy gallery rife with overly-priced hunks of metal or balsamic vinegar criss-crossing an oblong plate, we now have the option of largely rough and crude and almost visceral projections littering at least some of our buildings. Maybe that's OK. Maybe that's exactly what we need to bring us back down to Earth.
Since the actual Wynwood Walls main area is only open certain times of day and parts of the year I wasn't able to fully investigate everything that was within the beautifully painted courtyard, however from what I could see I highly recommend you place this on your must-see list if your visit to Miami allows any free time to explore the less popular areas. Although, from the looks of it, this neighborhood is quickly shrugging that unpopular descriptor. One of the interesting things about the Wynwood Walls area is that even though the title belongs to one little spot surrounded on all sides by different businesses, all with their walls adorned with crazy creative art, the graffiti extends to all the streets and shops around that tiny epicenter. I walked through as many streets as possible to snag some shots of this vibrant scene, which stood as a stark contrast to the completely deserted streets. I barely saw other signs of human life besides the ones they had left behind on the walls. It was eerily similar to scenes from Resident Evil movies. I was on this journey by myself, which isn't really something I advise others to do, as on my way home the mood definitely shifted to something slightly more suspect. But if you're a brave traveler go right ahead, but don't say you weren't warned. From what I hear the artists galleries nearby open up on certain weekends for people to do somewhat of a crawl, so perhaps that's the ideal time to take in all your eyes can handle, but if you've got a car it certainly warrants a quick visit during the daytime to truly get a sense of some of the lifeblood of underground Miami. And, if you can't make it, enjoy my photos instead!
After having a fantastic Dinner at the Wynwood Kitchen and Bar on the Second Saturday of the month, it was time to stroll around the compound and venture off into some of the Galleries.  The Wynwood Walls was one of the best experiences Ive been to. The Walls and some of the street are painted, there are statues throughout keeping with the theme.    There was Black Light art and a Black Light Bus you can go on and become a part of art! I was wearing a colorful dress and was asked if I was in the art collection??!    There's music in the air from DJ's spinning or singing. There are some guys with guitars playing their heart out.  There are a lot of model types walking around enjoying the art...it IS Miami after all.    Some Live Art being made in the street by an artist, and girls with ONLY body paint on them walking around handing out flyers.    As the night went on I can see more and more people come to the Art Walk...and as the night went on I can see the people progressively getting drunker and drunker (Hmm free Booze and 20 somethings??)...Time to Go!  Some of the Food trucks there had huge lines...as patient as I am I figured out there were Food Trucks on the side streets that make for smaller lines.  Go Early to find parking and if your not into mass crowds you can leave early too.  This is a Must-Do in Miami, Art always makes you feel better and you can always connect to some piece of art.
Of course I ended up at the Wynwood Walk on Second Saturday at what happened to be the hottest evening of this summer.... So a 5 star for the cool (as in temperature) galleries, which were saving graces... So driving in that area trying to find parking while attempting to figure out the street numbers and directions didn't faze me, hey I can honk as loud as the next guy... Finally, with a fellow Yelper guiding me I found a parking lot... (thank GOD, i had cash in my pocket that night!) To try to avoid making this a review into a chapter in the yet untitled book of my memoir of a Yelper, I will try my hardest to narrow it down. My eyes came upon a playground, with a carousal that was going round and round way too fast. Entering gallery after gallery, I felt like I was having a meal, however, not in courses.  The appetizer, salads, soups, entrees and desserts had no particular order in my mind.  It was just feasting, like a gluttonous pig, sniffing, looking, barking, oinking at everything. The tremendous insight put into sidewalk art, photographs, sculptures, paintings, 3D collections were a heavenly excursion.  It went too fast.  I couldn't process it!!!  In a perfect world, I would have each gallery to myself, observing, eying, touching, "tasting" and interpreting the wonders in my own mind.  It was a high.   I felt a connection to an photograph of a young woman stepping/dancing/jumping as the NYC Subway was racing past her... It gave me the chills, I felt so connected to it.  I could see a thousand stories being told through that photograph (I mentally got that for myself as a birthday gift).  The artist took all her pictures with her IPhone which is wild.  i was unable to take a photo of that for posterity, because it was in a glass frame.  There was a wall of pain, i felt it... A wall of OCD images, blew my mind.  A wall of the sister of down syndrome girl, which she photographed and painted, painful and moving. The emotions were coursing through me, although I wish I had all the time in the world to accept and taste those feelings.  I know if given the time, I would have spilled tears, laughed out loud, mourned and celebrated. It was a night to remember... I am excited to go back, which I will for my birthday.  Moreover, I plan to take the tour by myself one day, in my own bubble just connecting with myself and the art, music, pain and passion. Thanks to all those unknown artists, whose work gives us bountiful pleasure. 5+ stars in a heartbeat. minus the + because of the frizz factor...
Very unique Miami experinece. Truly one-of-a-kind world class graffitt art painted on walls surrounding some gardens in the Wynwood Arts District.  I'm surprised I had never seen this before. It's a must see in Miami.
I absolutely love this place. Being in a questionable area only adds to the mystique of this place. It feels very "urban", if that makes any sense. Having a little bit of hipster in me, this place was right up my alley. I can't wait to take my camera here in the daytime to take MANY pictures of all of the many murals and artwork. Everything is very creative and well done. I recommend this place for anyone who appreciates urban art.
I never heard of this place, never expected it and have never seen anything like it. Basically it is a park like setting in which the surrounding buildings are painted with some of the most beautiful, thought provoking, modern urban art anywhere, which is so totally Miamian in that you can see the various and distinguishing meshes of culture behind it. You won't find this in any other city in Florida, and unlike that found around LA area, I would categorize this to be true "Urban Art" as opposed to what in LA or New York is more akin to graffiti or ghetto art; lacking in the balance, quality and symmetry of the works found at Wynwood Walls.
I have not been on the Saturday artwalk but have driven by this area of town. Coming from living in New York City for 3 years, I am so glad to see Miami has a part of town dedicated to graffiti art as well as beautifully painted murals. This reminds of Five Points in Queens.
We came here for the Art Walk on Saturday and had so much fun. I wasnt really sure what to expect since I had only ever enen heard of it just a few days prior but I already cant want to go back next month, I love going to art galleries anyway but it was really cool go get to walk into so many of them while there was so much happening outside. The art was beautiful, and the people there were friendly, and interesting. We didnt stop at any of the restaurants but they looked great and left me with something to experience the next time I come out. Had a great time.
I absolutely love this place!!  You can find work here from local and international artists and it's a place like none other in this city.  This is actually one of my favorite places to bring tourists after an Art Walk and they love it.  I can't wait to get a group of friends together before I move to do a cool photo shoot here.  I could see photographers having a great time here. The art here is amazing!  It's beautiful aesthetically and it is a venue for political commentary, which I appreciate, regardless to whether or not I share the views expressed.  The murals are massive and they all have so many small details that you could miss if you just rush by.  Take your time, take it all in, it's worth it.  Don't miss my favorite piece, which is actually on the wall outside the park entrance on the right hand side.   They've added about a 6-10 tables with chairs out here, which is very cool.  Also, there are some cool decorative tire thingies in what was previously just an empty lot and grassy area.  The place really looks great now!   My only complaint is that now that the second restaurant has moved in, there will be less non-valet areas to park in.  When I last came in March, they were spreading the valet to the side street that I always park on and the valet area was going pretty far back on that road. If you're wondering, it's free! Sometimes some of the artists will change their wall for Basel
Ahhh, Wynwood Walls, Such a unique and eclectic gathering of street art, all behind the safety of a gated area in the middle of Wynwood...  Almost an oxymoron...   I truly enjoy stopping in here during Art Walk nights and Basel.  There's always something new to see and the giant murals are fun to pose in front of.  There's also an indoor space that is set up like a gallery, with tons of pieces, sculptures, prints, etc. Your Walls are definitely renown, with streams of people coming in and out of here during events.  There are benches and areas with tables and chairs, so people usually use this space to sit and catch up, as well as making it a great landmark for meeting up with people. I appreciate that you exist and am glad that graffiti and street art have become so accepted, instead of having the negative stigma that it once did. Looking forward to seeing next month's masterpieces.  :) Love, SabrinaAnna*
BEST PLACE EVER.. If you are a fan of street art then this is a place to visit. I found the Wynwood Walls while googling art galleries and saw a gallery that had an Invader piece in which lead me to the Wynwood Walls and it all went on from there. I began to read of the project from Tony Goldman (founder) and the list of artist in which have work here. If you seen Beautiful Losers or went to the Art in The Streets exhibit at MOCA in LA then you will hang to spend a day perusing not only the Wynwood Walls but the entire area. I was told that there is iPhone app for the Wynwood Arts District but only found a app for the Wynwood Art Fair. There is no map or anything on line in which you can download to find murals of artist that you may want to see. This is what makes it fun. It's like a scavenger hunt. Walking around the corner and seeing Buff Monster or Roa makes it exciting. Better than using a map with a locator. There is info on the artist who have work on the Wynwood Walls but street locations I couldn't find. I spent an afternoon here walking up and down the streets taking many photos and being in awe of some of the amazing pieces. However within the Wynwood Walls was what I described to my friend the biggest open gallery ever. The Kenny Scharf Airstream is a MUST SEE and don't peek go inside.  These walls are amazing and finding this place made my trip which was originally for business to Miami all the much better. Do take a day and come early so you have daylight. It's obvious that the area is undergoing gentrification. There are a lot of other walls in the district that are not lit up like the Dabs Myla wall in an industrial area. Which BTW you have to see the Buff Monster piece and the Ron English. Ron English has more of his work on the side of a gallery that is fenced off but you can enter by going around and it rest nest to a massive empty field. There is a massive Retna piece that you will find next to Rons. Anyhoo, this place is super rad worth spending a day and wrapping it up with a fine meal at the Wynwood Kitchen & Bar which Shepard Fairey did all of the art work for and they have amazing cocktails. Try the "Nunca" Many Kudos to those involved in this amazing project.. Thank you.. This made Miami other than my visit for Davines all the better.,. Cus, see I am not some lounging beach gal and when I travel i like to explore and visit museums and galleries.. This was super rad! Thank you! My fav... Os Gemos , Retna, Jeff Soto,  Kenny Shcarf, Interesni Kazki, The Date Farmers, Ron English.. Ahhh they are all rad!! VISIT!!
Come to here to see a glimpse of how Miami really has an insanely talented burgeoning art scene. Wynwood Walls are a free exhibit of "street" type art that is part of the artsy-fartsy area (I say that with pure love) of Wynwood in Miami.  The walls of the scattered buildings are strewn with various murals.  There are a few indoor areas that feature a bunch of wall art for sale.  Most everything here will be paintings.  If you love Banksy type art you will be in hog heaven. During 2nd Saturdays this place will be packed.  I went during Art Basel weekend and you could barely walk but on the bright side they had more art featured.  There are a couple of places to grab food to go, or there are lots of restaurants along the streets outside of the Wynwood Walls. Wynwood Walls would make a great muse!  I would love to come back someday during the day and take it all in under natural sunlight.  I'm sure she would lend a different kind of beauty.
This place is spectacular. The closest that I've seen to anything like the Wynwood Walls is Graffiiti Alley in Toronto. We came here upon the recommendation of a Miami yelper. A large rambling outdoor space, there is an amazing variety of graffiti art on display, a vibrant, neon, bold visual feast for the eyes. Surprising colours and images meet your eyes around every corner, including a door that opens to a maze in a space where the walls are covered with wallpaper designs with crazy colors and artists' thoughts when I visited yesterday. As visitors to the city, we took the 36 bus from the airport area to 2nd Avenue. Rather than waiting for the 2nd Ave bus that never came, we walked 10 minutes south to reach the walls. We know we've arrived when the rough neighbourhood up north transitioned to hipster music beats with bright spotlights hightlighting the working artists near 26th as part of the Art Basel festivities. On the way to the walls, racists calls of 'ching ching chong' rang in our ears. As other yelpers have mentioned, this area is perhaps not the best to visit in the dark, by yourself. As it was Art Basel though, lots of people were out, so go out and have fun!
Art keeps the world colorful, not just with color but with invoking feeling. Stopping in Wynwood Walls after dinner last month was a lovely dessert for my eyes. Yes, I am sounding very cheesy with this review but it's true. When art is on display in a city for all to enjoy, it makes my heart warm. Retna was the most eye catching for me when I turned a corner. The scale of all of these features really makes you step back and admire. I do wish there was more info here at night, which is when we visited, but I took it upon myself to check out the history when I left and it's just awe inspiring. You can learn about each piece and each artist. So, if you are in the area, make it a point to check this out. Bravo, Miami!
Second saturday= my new monthly ritual! Finally got to come and see the yelp-famous wynwood walls on second saturday! Lots of people coming together to look at art, walk around galleries in the area. Lots of fun and i enjoyed every minute of it.
I'd never heard been here until I was invited to a MAC makeup event last year. I enjoyed it. The Wynwood area is a little scary to walk through but the street art definitely makes you forget that for a minute. I was shocked yet glad that Wynwood was voted 6th Most Stylish Neighborhood in the world. That's right, the WORLD. Why was I shocked? Because the outside world usually knows us as "South Beach" and nothing more. Cheers to moving on up, Miami. Source: complex.com/style/2012/1…
Art, of course, is subjective.  As for this subject, I am often left cold by what passes for public art.  You know, the type of art that a committee has deemed worthy of placing in a square, plaza, or pavilion for the average person to see.  Rarely am I moved by such art in public spaces.  However, last night, in a completely random and surprising twist, I became enraptured by what may be one of my favorite outdoor spaces EVER!  The scale and intensity of the Wynwood Walls left me near speechless.  I say 'near' because I was compelled to keep uttering aloud, "Wow...Oh...I am blown away!"   Seeing it last night with an appreciative crowd of Art Baselists aflutter, music wafting through the yard, and a few cocktails under my belt was the perfect way to enjoy what is one of the most impressive collaborations I've seen amongst artists.  (I'll be curious to explore the walls in daylight at another time.)   Here, you can see murals by Shepard Fairey, Jim Drain, and too many others to retype here.  (The website gives you this information, but not a sense of the dramatic scale of the location.)  LIke many things in Miami, this will most likely not be here forever, so GO!  Plus, with Wynwood Kitchen and Bar on site, you can enjoy art and a meal.  It's like dinner theater, only without the corny showtunes.
Art lovers & Artists wonderland!! Felt like I had accidentally stumbled across a lush green cloud in the dark heavens surrounded by stunning mirages of art! Never knew this existed til the Art Walk recently. I thought I was Alice in Wonderland walking through a maze of art not knowing what was around each turn & corner! LOVE LOVE LOVE this space & concept! Can I get married out here at night LOL!
I love this place! A little bit of heaven in a bad area... Home of the Wynwood Kitchen, one of my favorite places to eat :)
Want to look cool to your out of town guests? Bring them here.
This is one of the few things really worth seeing in Miami. Fantastic art and a cool vibe. I would highly suggest it, and I bring most visitors here. Some of the art is excellent, and some makes no sense, but that's how this style works. Wynwood kitchen is inside this place pretty much and has some good grub to keep you drunk and satiated during your art experience.
Wynwood Walls is super cool. It is the hub of the neighborhood, putting street art on high display, integrating studio and showcase, and bonding the art scene with the fabric of Miami. It's free and public access in a neighborhood with good free parking. You really have no excuse not to visit. Wynwood Walls invites artists to put their work on display on the large sides of buildings. Its cartoon, its pop art, its graffiti, its sculpture, all melded into one place. Each wall is designated to an artist for a period of time and you can wander through here for about an hour and a half admiring genius, creativity, and some amazing details and technique. Even if you're not a big art buff, Wynwood Walls is great as a backdrop for an impromptu photoshoot or a quick place to explore. The Wynwood Walls also has a really cool restaurant within it. I would definitely encourage a visit during the day (when the light is best) and as the neighborhood is still a bit industrial. Everything is outdoors, so make sure its not going to rain!
I heard about the Wynwood Walls from a friend and I literally had no idea what she was talking about or why she would be raving about art on concrete walls. I imagined some tacky graffiti, but boy was I wrong! I experienced the Walls for the first time during Art Walk a few months ago. They are so cool! It's not like an all day attraction or anything, but it's a nice place to wander around and truly appreciate the talent that went into this work.
Free Art. How else can you describe it? There are large murals and and metalworks strewn across the walls of warehouses (or buildings; I couldn't tell). I'm not much of an art critic, but I do recognize the difficulty involved in making such large works. Bottom Line: Sit down and enjoy the view as long as it doesn't rain.
It's a different place , people , but it was great ! You can feel the vibe of Miami, but with artistic persons, and a lot of good art ! Have fun in a Saturday there !
If you're in Miami, check this spot out. Covered in an array of murals, the Wynwood Walls delight, confuse, inform, and, of course, provide the perfect backdrop for those all-too-necessary instagram and facebook photos. If the gallery space is open, it has some very cool modern pieces right now that are sure to please. Oh Wynwood Walls... i would picnic among you if only you were in Birmingham and it wasn't so hot and pavementy!
I love street art so I was pleasantly surprised to see a *gasp* whole place dedicated to showcasing different street artists. I am not quite sure if the art changes from time to time but potentially it could become a dynamic art space. My favorite is the "Obey" wall by Shephard Fairey. I really do love the difference in technique shown by different artists. Its a cool place to show people who are visiting you or for impromptu photo shoots, lol. The place is usually filled with people during Wynwood "Art Walk" which I think is every second Saturday of the month. There are also Wynwood art tours. My only question is- is it really street art if theres a space for it and its not out on the street? Sorry, its the art nerd in me.
The graffiti art in this neighborhood is off the charts.  I cannot believe how much real estate is painted here and some pretty famous names here as well.  Miami is not my cup of tea, but this part of town is really freakin cool and has a pretty awesome progressive vibe.  Love the astro turf as well.
Coming here during Art Walk is insane!!! But worth it. The atmosphere is really chill and awesome. It's a very hipster vibe. You have been forewarned. After walking and going to the galleries, some better than others, it's a nice place to just chill and hear some of the live bands and people watch.
You know this place is cool when you bring a Chicago gal and she is impressed! The airstream was the best part of it all but it was intriguing seeing all the murals and street graffiti style art speckled with signs of the nearby Occupy movement painted on the sidewalk. Beware though. Art Walk gets a little rowdy as the night goes on and the drinks are consumed but it's to be expected. After all it's an experience and some people like to experience it with tons and tons of booze. Oh and if you like to drink theres tons of booze.
I love going here finally Miami has some culture added to it's prenetintionous. If you choose to venture away from your trip to South Beach over to Wynwood I suggest you check this area out. I love going over here to get a coffee at opanther and just driving friends around to ee all the artwork on the walls. It si just to cool for school I have to admit. when I have friends in town I always drive by this area and love to see there mouth's drop. This area is not the place you want to walk around alone at night unless for secondd saturday I ususally just do a drive by in my car, and stop for a few pictures at night. Go during the daytime it is much more safe. Price range : Free you can;'t beat that. try to park and check out the walls I went Wednesday night they were open. For some eason Sunday afternoon they were closed.
I hope I'm writing a review for the correct area.  Does Wynwood Walls equal the Wynwoods Arts District?  I hope so, because that's what my review is for. The Wynwoods Arts District is absolutely, ABSOLUTELY AMAZINGGG.  If you have an appreciation or love of art or just amazing murals, overall, I would definitely recommend coming here.  I don't know what my review can really say.  Words wouldn't justify the art I saw here.  Instead, I'll attach pictures which should speak for themselves. I had done research beforehand and read that this is not the safest neighborhood and that it is not pedestrian friendly, so we drove around this area, and I got out of the car to snap a few pictures that were tough to maneuver while in the passenger seat.  We saw another couple doing the same.  It was pretty empty when we came here besides that one other couple and a man we saw painting his mural.   Anyway, definitely a must see while in Miami.  For me, personally, it beats the beaches anyday as a must attraction.
I have to laugh that the Wynwood walls have their own Yelp page. Having worked in Wynwood, this was just an every day site - I saw it coming in, I saw it when heading to lunch and I saw it as I left. While the artwork is ever changing, the best time to come is during Art Basel. It is then that artists each respectfully take an area, and evolve the existing piece into a new mural or add to the existing work. I always enjoyed taking a break from work to walk or drive over to see who was out and what was being created. If you've ever been on I-95 driving north from US-1 you've driven past this. Take I-195 to the first exit, make a left on 15th and you are there. I wouldn't go at night.
Great place to stroll around and lose yourself.  Street art here is raw, fun, thought provoking, edgy, and psychedelic.  I highly recommend stopping by and visiting Gramps after.  It's nice to see street art celebrated for a change.  And the art changes regularly.
The Real Miami! Art, music, food trucks, clash cultures, and modernly entertaining. My first couple of DJ gigs were here and I had fun drinking and entertaining the walking crowd. Although, for the first time I had my mother visiting (really into art) and took her for a walk. After 3 galleries I was into my own interest in learning these multiple ideas of art. Amaze by how artist now capture multiple ideas and integrate'em into 1 piece of Wow! A must visit!! Family ambience!!! *****Entertainment without spending a dime!***** Best Miamibience Experience!
My new favorite place in Miami. Although area still needs more work. Live art at its best
You know this place is special when you bring a New Yorker and they're blown away by it. You should pay a visit to the Walls for anything from people watching to picnics to frolicking with your kids to wrapping up a first date. Your main motive for any visit, however, should be to sulk in the incredible art and burgeoning cultural scene of our magic city.
This is y i love Miami....saw great artwork and " The Wall " totally awesome will enjoy going back. Highly Recommended
I went to the wynwood art district on a field trip &loved it! But of course, what I fell in love with were the wynwood walls!! my favorite part of north Miami :) Beautiful and very unique & will spark up the art in you!
Great place to ride your bike through and take pictures on a early Sunday Morning. Also, ArtWalk every 2nd Saturday of the month is a great way to experience the art and the business in the area. * unless your adventurous try not to go exploring at night when there is no event happening. The area is up and coming but still has some rough patches you can easily run into if you are unfamiliar with the area.
Wynwood is absolutely one of the coolest places in Miami. If you love art you will absolutely fall in love with the concept and the neighborhood. The art walks on 2nd Saturdays are really fun, eclectic and exactly the events that you are looking for in Miami. If you are a local this is a must, and if you are visiting this is really one of a kind. Street and contemporary art can seem unapproachable, but in Wynwood it is just fun. The technique of so many of the artists is just inspiring. Wynwood will bring out the budding artist in you, if only for a few hours.
Interesting art works, trendy hipster spot, people watching, live music, etc etc. However, this place gets FAR too crowded for my taste. There's way more people than I had imagined-- it's very reminiscent of walking through Ultra Fest. Walking through is just not easy and you have to squeeze through masses of people.
You know that scene in Edward Scissorhands when Edward makes it snow (now *that's* some skill; I can just manage to make it hail) on Kim and she just spins around in wide-eyed wonderment? That's sorta what it's like to trip the light fantastic at WW. Yes, it's stunning during Second Saturday. The crush of humanity makes it seem even more alive than it generally is. But, have you ever been here mid-day on a Wednesday? Have you ever just walked the grounds to study the graffiti up close and personal? Have you sat under the tree in the back and contemplated your most recent flash mob? Has peeking into the trailer reminded you that's it's been too long since you texted your favorite slam piece? Have you daydreamed of the day you bathe in money a la Scrooge McDuck just by walking into the artists' studios and either a.) watch art in the making and/or b.) peruse the gorgeousness on the walls? I love that the walls gives credibility and attention to the fact that graffiti/street art is relevant, viable and beautiful. In one smooth move, WW combines the heady with the edgy, the desired with the subaltern. I love it. There's so much to see and experience. Take the time to walk the entire surface of the grounds. Allow it to inspire conversation, imagination and your own artistic flair. This is the stuff that dreams are made of. And, whether you dream in Burton, Carroll, Lewis, del Toro, or any number of the visionaries who remind of what happens when we dream, you are promised an experience that will change you for the better. Just allow it. Art matters. Street art matters. The people who create street art... matter. The people who enjoy it matter. Dialogue. Hope. Creativity. Introspection. Contemplation. Joy. Catharsis. Art is for everyone. And, at Wynwood Walls, art being for everyone is the very reason for its existence. Come experience 'being snowed on' at the intersection of art, culture, humanity, and the senses that is Miami's outdoor art gallery for the people. Come experience Wynwood Walls and be transformed.
I don't understand these Wall Street, high profile, high society, money people who look out for artist from across the globe to paint their walls. Most times all they need is a simple solid shade to boast in a lifestyle magazine or to their friends on how much they spent on getting an astonishingly bright blue wall. Later have a guy create a story behind the selection of this color and how it represents them and their history. Art is in liberation and every mural on Wynwood wall showcases just that. If you ask me, Wynwood is not a bridge between the rich and the poor; it is the richness that lies in skill over piled up credit cards, one that certainly does not have a price tag. The work from Shepard Fairy and Invader speak on behalf of every artist, who don't need a fancy wall to show what their brushes can create. Its heartening to see the city give space to liberation.
This place fuels my hipster, art loving side of my personality. It is truly one of my fav spots to visit and take photos around. The walls are full of beautiful murals, along with the Wynwood Doors in the back that are just as superb! Theres the Wynwood Kitchen to grab a bit inside and some galleries located inside the walls. On the first of every month, the galleries open for Art Walk and theres a DJ playing in the middle. Its a beautiful place!
I love the murals all around Wynwood; they elevate old skool graffiti to a whole new level of legit art work.  I came across Wynwood Wall during Art Basel and was even more impressed.  Immediately noticed a couple murals by Nunca & Shepard Fairey; very impressive and my favorites of the Wynwood Walls.   I enjoy walking around Wynwood and admiring the murals but seeing them here was more like visiting an outdoor gallery (since they have a formal entrance, grassy areas, tables and chairs to relax and admire and association with the Wynwood Kitchen (which happens to be equally impressive inside, although I have not tried it yet).   In the back area there were some murals that were done on what looked like garage doors; although not as impressive as the large murals it was still neat stuff. Then there were two viewing exhibits that I don't know if they were permanent fixtures or if they were only there for Art Basel: The first area was inside one of the warehouses (near the entrance to the back area).  The inside of the warehouse was filled with various walls set up like a maze (we spent the day calling this area the "Labyrinth").  All the walls were painted in various styles, most of which were very colorful and the lights were dimmed low; so it felt more like being in a fun house at the County Fair and less of an art exhibition.  Thats not to say it wasn't fun because a few things here brought on a giggle or two.  A couple painted walls were a bit risque but not in a perverse way.  One was a lady tooting her horn.... I mean farting and she happened to have a penis as well. It was more of a humorous photo opportunity.  The other one was a lady in a sexy pose that resembled more of a tattoo for a biker... except for the fact that she was taking a dump (yes, it actually had a painted pile right there below her rear). It was just too odd for my taste. The other area was a gallery area set up in the warehouse that the Shepard Fairey mural was on.  I read on the net somewhere that this was a Pop Up Shop.  I walked in and immediately was pounded by a strong smell which at first we thought was paint or possibly cigarettes burning; not really sure what it was so we just rushed through.  Although it smelled a bit funky, the art work in here was interesting, unique and colorful.
Great urban Art
LOVE this. Seriously, SO damn cool, I can't believe I hadn't seen this incredible spectacle until this past weekend! Totally unique and  totally Miami. Every wall is so different - fully representative of its specific artist. I could have walked around these walls all night. God, the talent we have in this amazing city ...
Okay, so the wynwood walls themselves are amazing. Great artists that have become a part of the growing artistic movement in Miami. I credit them for making Miami becoming a younger city with more depth other than a SoBe party. Being that I'm from Miami, and I've always had an interest in art I can say that it is great to see that grow. However, within the last year art walk has become oversaturated with people who could care less about the art and would rather just take pictures in front of murals to show their friends how "cool" and "deep" they are. This is artwalk's biggest downfall, even though this is not attributed to the wynwood walls as they are like a well curated museum on their own. Nonetheless, like I said these are pieces that should be seen and appreciated by people with eyes that see beyond the reflection in the mirror. Worthwhile.
If we ever need to launch a revolution in Miami, the Wynwood Walls would be the place to do it from! Featuring political art by Shephard Fairey and William Tunney, one can go every single Second Saturday (and multiple times during Basel) and still not get enough. Every look brings a slightly different interpretation. Plus it's cool walking around on one of the few grassy spaces in Miami!
This place is a sensory overload for people who enjoy street art and graffiti. I was blown away. The only problem is being able to process it all because there is so much good stuff. Murals by world famous artists everywhere. My phone battery died from taking so many photos.
Really neat place to check out if you're in Miami. Very cool art, but the whole exhibit was smaller than I had expected. It's free, so for sure, go see it if you have a spare hour in Miami. There was also some cool graffiti art on walls in the surrounding streets, though not officially part of Wynwood Walls.
If you enjoy doing the art walk then this place must be part of your agenda. The art here is truly one of a kind, so happy we were able to see it and take some cool pics!
Fun art, political art, interesting art, confusing art.... everything has a meaning!  Nice area to walk around, have a drink or just be there.  It's something interesting, imagine whole walls painted or plasted with paper.  Wynwood Walls is definitely something different in Miami.
THe walls have become part of my miami tour for out of towners now.  It is on my list of places to take people when they come visit.  It is such a cool space and had great bars nearby, Wood tavern, Wynwood kitchen and Lesters.  I like it so much I had my "first look" wedding  pictures taken there with my husband before our wedding, wedding dress and all.  So happy miami finally has a cool art scene
This area is a must for art lovers.  The walls are amazing and I believe are changed on a weekly basis.  What a great way to spend a balmy everning dandering, viewing wonderful eclectic art both indoors (private galleries) and then outdoors at the spectacular walls. Stop off for a bite at the food trucks and of course  enjoy a drink or two on offer at the private exhibitions.  Great place to bring kids as well to 'expand' their little minds.
A couple of years ago or less....I'm not really sure...my friends and I and their baby and young daughter were walking Wynwood during a non-Art Walk night sometime around Basel and we stumbled into this little nook while the artists were spraying [some of] the walls and playing basketball on this lovely, like, graph-explosion of an unconventional court. And it was pretty magical. My friends' kid still thinks of it fondly. We've taken her back during an Art Walk recently and she's struggled to remember and then remembered and it's very special because as she's grown, so it's turned out, that the walls have sprawled, evolved, and really paralleled her own growth. Egad, that was pretty deep for a Yelp review of WALLS and enormous tire seating. Since then, I've been there more than my fare share of handful of times and each time, it's pretty great. I've never eaten then and, really, I wasn't sure you could because when I go, I'm less concerned about food and more concerned with looking at walls. Which is more than enough to satisfy.
Love this place! You must visit if you're in the area. ^_^
The fact that this is a permanent space in Miami makes me really, really, really happy.  This was by far my favorite outdoor installation during the Basel weekend, and an overall amazing experience.  The pieces were just incredible and I found myself just enjoying being on the grounds.  Really looking forward to seeing what this place does and hope it stays a while!
Love this place!!!!! So beautiful, fun and artistic.
This place made me love Miami.
Saw an opeining here, absolutely spectacular art. Such a fun date night event. The local work is gorgeous.
This is the "it" factor for the artsy kids out there.  Very cool.  Too bad Miami sometimes lacks culture and things like the Wynwood Walls are the only places we can latch onto for something fun and diverse.  But before I go into a cynical rant, let me cut it short.  Come to the Wynwood Walls. It's psychedelic.
Cool Graffitti art, in the ghetto. Good to take photos during art walk.  I suggest dont walk there alone at night, it's shady. All the warehouses let graffitti artists tag and do art on there walls because there was too much graffitti in the area.
This place is pretty cool.  I come here during the monthly Art Walks and check out the galleries.  I have noticed that GENERALLY speaking there isn't a huge variation from month to month but I still love the energy.   Everyone from all walks of life come here.  They have a lot of different outdoor food trucks, drink vendors, DJ, exhibits, etc.  This is definitely a place to check out.
Great refreshing place to be, the art is incredible.  It is so relaxing to walk around and enjoy the art work and the set up is great.  The art is the size of the building so is overwhelming that it is great to see art that big.
Pink Floyd comes to mind.
I stopped by here during Second Saturday and was thoroughly impressed by the beautiful murals. The space is much larger that it seems at first, offering a considerable number of pieces in varied styles. Once you think you've reached the end of the space, you'll notice a small metal door leading to the aptly-named Wynwood Doors area, which is essentially the same concept, but utilizing warehouse roll-up doors as the canvas. The art is absolutely stunning, and definitely worth going back to. I think next time I'll make it a day trip, so I can appreciate the artists' work in the sunlight.
Wynwood walls might have been my favorite stop on my recent trip to Miami. It was fun to see the whole neighborhood embracing the art district with a number of galleries and buildings covered with beautiful artwork. Would definitely recommend checking this out!
Siiiiiiiick!! What a flipping awesome Art Walk this place caters to. Let me just tell you that I currently live smack dab in the middle of LA's downtown Art Walk on Spring Street and it doesn't even attempt to come close to being half as sweet as Miami's (big surprise, LA couldn't live up to Miami's culture). Anyhow, if there are still any locals who have yet to get down to midtown, you're missing the boat big time... though hard to believe based on the sheer # of peeps in every direction & utter lack of parking spots, um, anywhere. Regardless, food trucks galore and some of the sickest graffiti I've ever seen all crammed into a few blocks of what used to be completely barren & shot to sh*t. Great job Miami... way to remind me how much I regret having to stay in LA for another 2 years lol... get yer buns there, though I've got the feeling I may be one of the last to do so!  ; )
I love it here.  I try to make it out for the second Saturday of every month artwalk.  There are a ton of amazing creative artists in Miami.  This is where their talent really stands out.  The murals are absolutely breath taking.  I love Miami and the creativity that flows through here.
Excellent public art space that has become a landmark site showcasing Miami's art scene.  Great for events and parties.  Art Walk Saturdays are a must.
We were in the area & heard about it. SO glad we checked it out. It's a bit scary getting in there but once you're in it's a GEM! They have art, music & food trucks! What a great combo!
Just an amazing amazing place to be - you feel like a trendy hipster just by being in the area. The walls are stunning and inspiring. Shepard Fairey's is my absolute favorite. His artwork can also be seen in the Wynwood Kitchen and Bar. They have tables and chairs around (as well as some old monsterous truck tires) for you to sit  and enjoy the view. Stop in WKB and get a drink and sit and watch some of the greatest art and people watching in Miami!
One word: awesome.
I love this place, Wynwood Walls has a certain energy about it where time seems to slow down and you can really enjoy an afternoon. Its best to come during the week early afternoon. Let yourself wander into parking lots and along the streets and stumble on all of the talents these people have created simply for you to enjoy. Grab some coffee and inspiration you'd be amazed at all of the ideas that come to you. sudden burst of inspiration is what this place is all about.
Beautiful, quirky, fun, free? What is there not to like about Wynwood Walls? While you would not make the trek to Wynwood just to visit, it is a must-see part of the Wynwood experience. Definitely check out the indoor warehouse space.
Amazing to see!  If you're in the vicinity - GO!
an amazing set of murals with a couple cool little cafe/bars around.  the murals are fascinating!!!! One of my favorite spots in the Miami area!  I stumbled upon this place completely by chance after taking a wrong turn when coming from Little Haiti, I saw some interesting graffiti and stopped to take a photo and realized I was in an arts district.. several galleries and some other bar/cafes nearby.. this place is wonderful and free to see!
This place is awesome, very nice laid back place with great art. Grab a glass of wine and walk these walls and you are in for a treat. Art is a beautiful thing and everyone should appreciate it.
I am not really a fan of contemporary art but this place is a super cool venue to either walk around, or to grab a bite or drink and hang out while enjoying an interesting back drop of various styles of art.
Always one of the best stops on my tour of Miami.
Definitely a cool place to check out along with the rest of the art galleries surrounding the walls. I haven't been to the art walk in about a year. I went last night to find it extremely packed with hundreds of people walking around. I love to see people out in the streets walking around and socializing. One recent, well at least for me, addition at the walls is a restaurant/bar where they have pretty good drinks. I didn't sit at the restaurant but it was packed, I'm sure there was a long wait.
This wall is awesome I go here about twice a year just to see what new art work is up and take some great pictures out there. If you haven't been its definitely a must see and great photo opp here in the miami area. You can see the wall off of I-95.  But don't stop there if you drive around the neighborhood you can see a lot more artwork on the walls.
this place is so special. where else can you see an excellent collection of some of the best street artists of today all in one place, and with no write overs! i love the concept. i love that it's free. i love it so much that my boyfriend proposed to me here. go read a book here and soak up the sweet vibes.
Unique flavor of Miami! Great introduction into creativity for the novice, young and young at heart.
My mother and I love coming here! Street art is my favorite kind of art. I highly recommend going and walking around.
Excellent pace !!!I love street art, I love parks, I love patios.
extraordinary. out of this world. beautiful works. graffiti is the word. derived from the ancient greek: grapho, which roughly translates to write/draw. you follow? street art is real. come check it out cause you wont regret it. this is miami, bro.
Came here to the walls for the first time on a random night. It was still an awesome sight, but I thought there was still more to be desired. Well I found it during Second Saturday! There was an extended area that was gated off during my first visit but it is open during the art walk. They had this little acid trippy trailer thing and some big rocks and additional walls and a deer. To my most utter disappointment though, the mysterious door from my first visit was still locked. I was under the impression that it would be open during the art walk.. so I as I strolled to the door, held my breath and turned the handle, anticipating the unleash of a magical world.. I was devastatingly left standing next to a locked door ironically labeled "IN."   UNLOCK THAT FREAKING DOOR!! or next time I might just break in. If a door tells me to go "IN," Im going in!! Other than that, the Wynwood Walls are truly a jem!
When I do make it out to ArtWalk, I absolutely HATE how crowded the Walls get. I'm a local and I really hate how crowded this place gets. If you're into people watching, interesting pieces, fun people, great music., etc. you want to be at the Walls, other than that, walk in the opposite direction, they have some food trucks a couple blocks down (they recently added that to the ArtWalk festivities) -- Lots of cool people, lots of fun but definitely too crowded for me.
spectacular
pretty cool, great area in a surprising area.
Awesome place! Saw the place from Lester's and we had to go.
Stumbled on it when we were wandering Wynwood. Creative, bright, inspiring. One of our best experiences in S. Florida.
