I loved it this place! Best drinks for a really decent price.  Small place with a small stage and local talent. They have a projector that was showing the game while we were there. The bar staff was friendly!!
Amazing service. Best drinks for a really decent price. Located on the second floor of Tobacco Road, I was surprised by the different environment of this place compared to Tobacco Road. My favorite is the Chile Mule. I have a weakness for spicy drinks, and it has just the perfect amount that doesn't overpower the drink. This place reminds me of the Broken Shaker but with more affordable drinks. $12 a cocktail. Check in on Yelp and get 50% off your first cocktail.
Why I haven't been here before I don't know but I loved it! Live music... this has to be my favorite type of setting for this. Small place with a small stage and local talent. Awesome. Exceptional drinks... as a self proclaimed cocktail enthusiast I have to say these were pretty great. Had the Chile Mule, Smoke Fashion and Drunken Dragon... love the creativity, couldn't have any more or I would have become a drunk smokin' mule... Great staff... chatted up with Leo and the other bartenders and they were all really nice Only downfall I would say is there isn't enough seating in here. I can see how it can get full on the weekends but during the week it would have been nice to have a few couches to chill on. I'll be back here for sure! :)
Ok, so the drinks here, they are okay. They're not stellar, I'm not going to wax poetic about them for hours - they're not particularly groundbreaking - but they're good. The salt rim on the "encumbered"* is a creative departure from the typical gin-st.germain-cucumber cocktail tradition, but the rest of the menu is more or less expected. (Save for the complete absence of campari - at the time - which when you've been craving a negroni for like 4 weeks and finally secure a free few hours to sit at a bar and savor one, is only mildly heartbreaking - whatever, it's fine, i'm getting over it.). The happy hour/ladies' night deal is killer - $6 cocktails. The live music is in line with a long-standing tradition of such at T-Road, and about as loud as it has always been in that upstairs room (that is, WAY too loud). But there is something special about CC. It's small, it's unpretentious, it's classic. You're not going to get 18 garnishes on your drink, but you might see some fire and smoke go into it. The selection is not overwhelming, but varied enough that you'll find something you like. Now, there's one like very important detail all of these reviews are missing, which I'm completely perplexed by its absence on both this list of reviews and the official Miami New Times write up: Leo is a MAGICIAN. MAGIC. You sit at the bar on a slow enough night, and you get a CARD TRICK. Or two. Or three. He checks out, guys. He went to David Gindy's Magic Camp for YEARS, not just like a casual 2 week summer romp. YEARS. The magical hijinks haven't reached Barney Stinson levels of showmanship, but I've only been twice - so you know, third time's a charm and all that. MAGIC. Now you know. Go forth and be entertained. (For those of you not in the know: David Gindy's Magic Camp was the premier South Florida summer training experience for all aspiring magicians - easily beating out what had been the Coral Gables' Youth Center's Creative Camps AND the Miami Museum of Science's Summer Camp programs - trust me, I attended ALL of them. Gindy's the man). *I'm going to go on record as saying I suggested the name encumbered for this drink before it made it to the menu and never got credit for it, I'm not bitter or anything, clearly, but my creative genius has once AGAIN gone unappreciated and I mostly wrote this review TO LET THE WORLD KNOW - but actually it's mostly because of the magic thing.
Sitting atop the infamous Tobacco Road, CC has found a nice little niche. The space is a little empty by the bar, perhaps due to its very recent opening. However it seemed to fit it's patrons well. They have a projector that was showing the game while we were there. The bar staff was friendly, attentive, and simply on top of their game. The check-in offer for half off the first drink makes the temptation to try more drink that much more difficult to resist. It's all for the better though as their drinks are remarkable. I started with the Smoke Fashion. WOW!! That drink is on a world of it's own. To start the process, they fire up a block of wood to entrap the smoke into the glass. Another interesting touch was the maple syrup. The nose on that drink was outstanding! I love watching bartenders make an old-fashioned. This was a spectacle. Next up was the Espresso Expression. YUMMM!! The coffee flavor on this was spot on. Rimmed with espresso grind, the presentation of this drink is also notable. I enjoyed the smooth, rounded flavors that I had to get another before ending the night. I sampled my friends' drinks as well. Everything was very well made. Welcome, CC. May you have a home here for as long as Tobacco Road.
Very cool place with great specialty cocktails and awesome service! On Wednesdays, their mules are half off! Cocktail collection is located upstairs above Tobacco Road. It has a speak easy type feel with a small stage that I assume has live local bands play on occasion. I was there on a Wednesday night so it didn't have a band playing but it was nice to have that chill vibe to chat and catch up with friends.
I thought this place was cool, but not worthy of the many 5 star reviews. Drinks (cocktails as per the name) were pretty good.  They are all $12 which is a tad steep.  They also serve bottled beer here too. It's located in the upstairs of Tobacco Road and is a nice place to check out for a drink.  Atmosphere is quite different that TR downtairs and a bit more upscale.  A definite plus as downstairs is usually a dive.
Nestled on top of Tobacco Road is cocktail collection. I wouldn't have ever noticed the stairway leading up to this place if I wasn't looking for it. I like the the secret feel of this place and the cocktails are consistently good. Go for the Smoke Fashion - a twist on the classic, the smoke and maple flavors in this drink are on point.
cute little place upstairs in tobacco road. When you walk in its the first door on the left by security . Leo and his brother owns this cute little bar. its tiny but have the most yummy cocktails. my fav was the gateway, it was well made by Leo himself. my bf fav was the smoke fashion - smooth and strong, the way he liked it. collins 75 amd eastern legacy were good too. its a good place to enjoy crafted cocktails and good company. FYI 7pm to 9pm wed to Saturday half off all cocktails.  Even better! update 6/20 Espresso espression : good but strong Red lights : off the menu. it had a nice kick to it. Hemingway Daquri : my favorite Encumbered : really refreshing Chile mule : the best version of the moscow mule
Hidden little gem.  Tobacco Road has always been a special place.  Now, they have created a whole new vibe upstairs for those that didn't appreciate the rough around the edges style that makes Tobacco Road so genuine. Cocktail Collection is small, yet open, with fresh art work rotating through, with a killer drink menu delivered by bartenders that love their craft.  Decor is really nice too.   You'll be pleasantly surprised.....
Come early. Last call is at 2AM
Great place to grab a well crafted cocktail! It's hidden upstairs in the old Tobacco Road. The cabaret has been completely redone; casual, classy, and fun vibe.  I've been many times before the renovation and LOVE the new look... funny how many people have been to the road and never even knew there was an upstairs! I'd recommend the space for birthday parties and other celebrations or events. There's live music, art, and a great crowd. The prices are reasonable and late happy hour also helps ;) Many drink favorites here! Their twist on the old fashion and margherita are amazing! And for a sweet treat, I like the espresso expression. Ohhh and there is parking! The lot is just west behind the building. They charge different prices different days, which I have yet to figure out...but I'd say between $3 and $10 dollars max.
Great new bar in The heart of Miami! It gives the literal meaning of watering hole but with an awesome vibe and service. Their feature drinks adjust to every palate and spirit preference. Make sure to check their late night happy hr from 7-9p and live music. Also gotta give props to Rose she has a great attitude and creativity when it comes to making drinks. Make sure to try the smoke fashion it has a great aroma and a very smooth start and finish! Only thing I would wish it would be a giant ice-cube for that drink. Again great addition to Brickell, I will be visiting often!
You can't deny the novelty that Tobacco Road offers in Miami's dynamic restaurant/bar scene.  This bar not only has the city's first ever liquor license but a spiritual residue from all the different generations of culture that have endured throughout its history. Pressing fast forward we enter the Cocktail Collection.  This bar has two entrance/exits that you truly gives it a back-door, speak-easy vibe.  Once upstairs you first notice the glimmer from the bar top shining off the surgically placed lighting.  Friendly, well trained staff welcomes you and immediately caters to your overall, individual experience. 10 top of the line signature cocktails (tried every one of them :P) that open the door to a conversation about drinks and even if your the type of cocktail enthusiast that knows EXACTLY what you like, you will find yourself exploring new tastes to find that favorite new drink. I personally recommend the Collins #75 and or The Drunken Dragon. This bar promises the least 5 favorite drinks to be in and out of rotation with new styles every month or so.   I HIGHLY recommend this place as a step back from all the insane, high octane parties around Miami.   Excited to attend the upcoming events because after all, its part of Tobacco Road! See you there, Cheers!
The breath of fresh air Brickell's night life needed.  Didn't expect such a classy place hiding away right above Tobacco Road. Service here runs like a well oiled machine, which isn't easy seeing how they use fresh ingredients to make their signature cocktails.  AWESOME energy, live music, cool staff, and the best collection of cocktail for only $12! The Gateway and Gardeners Margarita are the reasons why I'll be heading to Brickell early to catch their 7-9AM happy hour.
So glad to have found this hidden gem. Its a cool yet modern new bar on the second floor of tobacco road...and No..is not divey like t-road. The owner did a good job in making it interesting and inviting. Now onto the important part..the drinks..these are one of the kind, I suggest to sit by the  bar and watch them in the making.  I've had the chile mule and the drunken dragon , both very good choices. The bartenders are so nice...and Leo the owner is great! This place has become one oft fave bars in brickell. Be sure o take advantage of happy hour 2x1 7-9pm..even on Saturday!  Who can beat that?
Love this place! Great variety of drinks. High class drinks but without breaking the wallet. Love the music playing on wed. I think it's called "moonshine sessions" the Dj is great and the staff even better! Would recommend it to anyone!
This place is a great improvement from what the upstairs at tobacco rd used to be. The signature drinks are great. The music is great. Last but not least the bartender does magic tricks.
One of those hidden places that know how to make an amazing drink without charging Miami prices.
Exceptional drinks and a really wonderful space. Above Tobacco Road, sporting a chic, intimate vibe with specially curated cocktails giving a new twist to classics like the margarita, old fashioned, and mojito. I really enjoy a good, classic margarita and the gardner's margarita was such a fresh take on a favorite. The smoke fashion is another excellent choice, even for those who may not consider themselves bourbon fans (trust me, it will change your life). If you're looking for a really good time in Miami (local or visiting) be sure to stop by, you will be very glad that you did.
Great intimate space with fantastic drinks made by bartenders who actually take pride in their craft. Personally, I've never been a fan of bourbon, but their smoke fashion will have you wanting more. Plus there's a stage with live music and space for some spontaneous dancing! Definitely a spot to check out.
Super competent and engaged staff, a smartly redesigned space (look for pics of the old room), excellent upbeat and refined atmosphere, and a brilliantly executed cocktail menu and mood. i think my three drink picks are the espresso expression, the gardeners margarita (im not even a tequila drinker) and the 'smoke' fashion. Though in town for only a short while, the two days i visited had a great crowd (which seems to be somewhat of an anomaly in the area) and excellent music. And after talking with the friendly manager, i found out that they are in the process of setting up a lounge area, and have an art program in the works. I feel like this is a place that could be a regular spot for locals and is a must visit for visitors.
I was invited to visit this new locale nestled inside Tobacco Road (upstair bar) shortly after it opened and was blown away by the cocktails specifically the Espresso Expression and Eastern Legacy. All I can say is that I wanted more cocktails! Too bad that my hunger got the best of me & I had to leave to have dinner. This spot is classy enough for the hipsters from Brickell to come hang out in their suits. Wish the owners much success!
Cool new place that is a nice different addition to the Brickell scene. Leo the owner and his other bartenders make some great drinks. Nice chill quiet place with a some much needed space and privacy in Miami. It will probably become super popular and crowded soon.
I wandered upstairs one night when eating outside at Tobacco Road with my friends. I hadn't been up in "The Cabaret" in a while and I thought I'd take a look around. I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw the place. I thought I was in another world. Then I kind of thought it would now be just another pretentious Brickell bar. But I got to talking with the bartender, I think his name was Wesley. I explained to him that I was mostly a scotch whisky drinker because I was a little intimidated by the original drink menu up on the wall. He politely offered to pour me what I wanted, but suggested that I try one of their drinks called the "Smoke Fashioned". It was delicious! Just the process of watching him put a torch to the wood to provide the smoke needed in the glass to help infuse the flavor was entertaining. I wound up calling my friends upstairs and they all loved it. Then a great band wound up going on and we had a great time! Once they told us the drinks were 2 for 1 for Happy Hour, we made it our weekly spot.
This is exactly what drinking in a former speakeasy above the oldest bar in Miami should be like. Not only are the cocktails top notch, rivaling that of The Broken Shaker, The Regent and Blackbird Ordinary, you can tell that a lot of thought went into the decor. It is subtle, well designed and timeless. You could very well be back in 1920's prohibition but the theme never feels heavy handed. A well curated indie-hipster playlist at just the right volume provides the perfect soundtrack for good conversation and even impromptu magic shows. Seriously, ask Leo to show you some card tricks - it will blow your mind! The entertainment value alone is worth the cost of your drinks.
I must say the ambiance was quite calming. The bartenders are all experts of their craft. Overall it was a great experience and I would definitely come back again.
This place is a gem hidden located in the upstairs area of Tobacco Road.  I give it an A+++ for the deep house music it plays on Wednesdays and for the non-pretentiousness that usually accompanies Miami lounges. The atmosphere feels more intimate, cleaner, trendier, and more artsy than its larger downstairs neighbor, Tobacco Road, which is a plus if you want to experience two completely different hang out spots, which are quite literally a hop, skip, and step away from one another on the night.  If you care about about GREAT music in a relaxed atmosphere, this is the place for you.  My new favorite local hangout.
Went there on a Wednesday to check out the much-rumored Moonshine Sessions and was not disappointed! I don't usually listen to house but the music the DJ was playing was surprisingly pleasant and sophisticated, definitely the first time I come across this type of sound in Miami. The vibe is laidback, the bartenders are friendly and very knowledgeable, one of them also does amazing magic tricks btw. As far as drinks are concerned, I tried the Smoke Fashion and the Gardner's Margarita, hands down best cocktails I've had in a long time...So if you like great drinks and music, I definitely recommend Moonshine Sessions @ Cocktail Collection!
Cocktail Collection is a wonderful, tucked away surprise that quickly became one of my favorite bars in Miami! The bartenders are the nicest I have encountered at any bar and clearly know what they are doing. The cocktails are sensational and each have a little unique twist to them! The prices are reasonable as is, but we checked this place out on a Thursday, which is also known as "Hers-day" meaning half-priced drinks for the ladies. :) $6 AWESOME cocktails?! You can't beat that. The beer list is very minimal (let's face it, you're not coming here for beer), but the nice thing is that my fiance was able to go downstairs to Tobacco Road, get a good beer, and just bring it upstairs and no one minded. The vibe here is very chill and they have a nice little stage for performances. Tap dancers were coming on the night that we were there, but they weren't starting until 10pm, which is a little late for us during the week so we didn't stay. We will definitely be checking this place out again, though. Plus, if you're lucky, one of the bartenders (co-owner) will delight you with the best magic tricks you will see in South Florida!
Just went here for happy hour last week, it goes from 7-9 and all of  their cocktails are half off, well two for one. And they are seriously the best cocktails I've ever had! Try the eastern legacy and the smoke fashion! Completely opposite but equally delicious! Friendly bartenders who clearly know and love the art of mixology! It's a must visit if you are out of town and a local new spot for me!
I extremely recommend the SMOKE FASHION ! Magic tricks , unique drinks, classic classic Classic ! Love it !
second time back and this place is still awesome.
The Cocktail Collection was started by Leo Holtzman, a UCF graduate who majored in Event Planning, Psychology and Theatre and holds bar credentials from The MOAT, Cadillac Ranch and Katsuya. His clients say he was destined to become a craft bartender as he's an impeccable host, great listener, born entertainer and has one more trick up his sleeve... Leo started performing live magic at Tobacco Road before he could even buy a beer there. Almost a decade later he returned to start a mixology program on the second floor. He's in control of the spirits and chef-inspired ingredients at his speakeasy style bar, but you're in charge of quality control. Every six weeks two of his drinks get voted off the Cocktail Collection's island and two newcomers join the ranks of their Top Ten. If you want to see your favorite stay on the menu... visit regularly and vote often.   Seeing is believing when the Snaquirí (snack + daquirí) arrives. Two versions of the same fresh lime, sugar and white rum drink are served on the rocks alongside its fraternal twin strained into a coupe. For the second act, Leo will make your worries disappear and smiles reappear with jokes and sleight of hand. Take an intermission to admire the rotating art collection, vibe to the electro-indie soundtrack or use your sleuthing skills to find out what makes the bar vibrate. For the finale try the vanilla vodka, Bailey's Irish Cream and Café Pilon infused Espresso Expression Martini. Visit the Cocktail Collection before Tobacco Road closes permanently on October 25th, 2014 and play out your childhood love for magic, while satisfying your grown-up thirst for cocktails. Afterwards you'll have to visit the Cocktail Collection's new home aboard the Norwegian Escape Cruise Liner or make them at home. Smok'd Fashion -- Capture smoke from a Chef's torch lit maple plank in a tumbler glass 2 oz. Bulleit Bourbon 1/2 oz. sweet vermouth   1/2 teaspoon of maple syrup   Splash of Amargo Vallet or Angostura bitters Garnish with peeled Florida orange zest
What a great addition to Tobacco Road. I have to admit that I am not a huge fan of Tobacco Road. I just don't see what the appeal is. I've gone a couple times and I don't think it's anything out of this world. But, now that the Cocktail Collection has opened, I actually have a reason for visiting. Hand crafted cocktails are not my specialty, I normally go for a vodka and club soda and call it a good night. But, I find that unacceptable at a place like this. All the drinks are great, but I personally like the Gardner's Margarita and the Collins #75. The happy hour is also great. It's from 7pm-9pm and drinks are half off. There's nothing like a late happy hour when you can't get out of work exactly at 5pm. Wonderful addition to the Brickell area, and the owner, Leo, is an awesome guy as well.
Ugh, ALL the yes. I'm not much a Tobacco Road gal because I don't eat meat, I don't like noise, and I'd rather enjoy my cocktail than get wasted from it. That eliminates a lot of options for me in the neighborhood but it's nice to see TR did something about it. The speakeasy setting is great for bringing friends. You can still have a conversation all while enjoying a dim atmosphere with mellow music and unique artwork. The drinks err a little on the sweet side but the flavors still pop. I think they do this to let everyone enjoy them and that's a-okay. They're doing more than most bars in Brickell so I give them props for that. Oh, and one of the fellows behind the bar does MAGIC TRICKS. I know people have pointed this out before but c'mon. Alcohol and magic? Does it get any better?
I had gone there the other night, and after the nasty posts of other spots, I wanted to say that this place is more than amazing. Perfect drinks, of which you can find @thegingmeister on Instagram. But this guy has an amazing mixology bar. It's just above Tobacco Road, but they will close the 25th of October.  Keep a watch for this guy, he is good at what he does.
Celebrated my birthday at Cocktail Collection last night with some friends. Everyone raved about how great the drinks were.  The bartenders were very friendly even when they were busy. My favorites were the Chile Mule and the Bobby Burns.   They have happy hour which really can't be beat at $6 a drink from 7 to 9. Way better than Area 31 where you get bottom shelf for that price. I highly recommend checking this place out.
