This place is really beautiful and very well organized, the staff is very friendly and helpful and the theater itself is amazing. Was recently there for a show and it was absolutely amazing each time I went it has been a pleasant experience, parking is a little tricky and when the event is over despite the fact of how big this place is it gets super CROWDED bumping into others trying to leave the building at least when I was there last week and other times in the past I mean it's hard trying to get out of there but aside from that great place! Hopefully there is never an emergency evacuation not sure how that would turn out! Overall great and beautiful architecture!
Nice venue, having been to the sister venue, we came here for Opera in 2014. The staff and venue are great, not sure how I feel about a $6 evian water, but oh well. Very nice overall, plenty of capacity in restrooms, and great staff. Parking is pretty reasonable (less than 2 Evians!).
I am not an Opera buff, however, last night's premier of Verdi's Nabucco at the Arsht Center was Outstanding. Verdi captures the voice of the ancient Hebrews and their struggle as exiles.  Through music you experience the sense of sorrow and yearning for their homeland. If you only see one Opera in your life, this would be the one to see. The cast were exceptional, especially Maria Guleghina as Abigaille and Kevin Short as Zaccaria!
This place is a top of the art structure and organization. Everything is carefully chosen and decorated. The staff is very helpful and polite, the whole environmrnt invites you to come again and again. There's only one thing that I would like them to take more, the tempearture, probably it is me (i don't know) but I've been here twice and both times I've felt it could be colder, at times I was sweating a little bit. is this a place that I would come back? 100% yes, no doubt.
First and foremost I want to thank Yelp for giving me (elites) free tickets to Mark Morris Dance Group last night. arshtcenter.org/tickets/… I wore my best dress and gussied up for a night of glamour in the fairly young Ziff Ballet Opera House. I invited my mom, my boss and her young daughter (Carla) to accompany me and we were blown away, not only by the performance, but the architecture of this grandiose place. Carla was especially thrilled by the spiral detail on the ceiling as well as the balconies to admire the downtown lights during intermission while we munched on overpriced processed cheese and wine, (clearly, I do not recommend the snacks here, they could better the selection and quality). Their curtains are also incredibly tacky and do not match the decor at all. Although our seats in the nosebleed section were not the best, we were able to see perfectly. My boss really enjoyed the invitation and I ended up making a great impression. There's only one thing I am still wondering... Where do the "ballerinos" hang out and how can I meet one? *wink*
Miami needs more culture and the Ziff is a start. The Ziff is a beautiful building from the outside and reminds me of a place you'd expect to see classic Shakespere in with all the balcony seating.   It's on the edge of a really shady area, parking is far from acceptable and the main seating area has seats mounted to a wood platform.  If one person wiggles just a little the whole row shakes on wood so it can be very distracting if you have a squirmy person in your row.   Being from MN I had to see the Snow Show.  I didn't care for the show but that's par for the course when it comes to art.  Some you like and some you don't but I still try to see as much as I can. Tips: Take a cab, sneak in your booze or drink before hand (as they are very pricey and the lines are nuts) and last but not least... the balcony's are way more private with as little as 5 people in each for the same price at the venue I saw.  Get this kind of seating if you like a little elbow room with easier to smack neighbors when they are inconsiderate.   PS. I heard they're going to flatten this place.  I hope it's not true because despite my gripes, all major cities can use all the culture they can get.
Always an excellent experience going to the theater, Seeing The hilarious gang of soooo professional puppeteers that comprise the 'adults -only arm' of the Jim Henson company' was a thrill. The improv was called "Stuffed and Unstrung" and was a delight.  Almost totally by audience suggestion, The puppeteers showed their endurance,(much harder work than I had ever imagined), wonderful Broadway voices, and amazing ability to think, speak, sing, and move (and strrreeetch) all at the same time! Definitely NOT a show for children as the puppets were delightfully bawdy. PUPPET UP!!     Beyond a terrific time, I want to give kudos to Neal Hoffson , the house manager that saw that I had a physical need for  some beyond-the normal customer service and arranged some special transportation UP the aisle and so my car would be brought right up. So very nice, I felt royal. Definitely NOT a typical Miami customer-service experience. Thank you, so much, sir.  I will be back, many times.
Very nice facility..it is grand, without being over the top. Enjoyed very much watching a recent opera here. Service was good.  Plenty of polite and helpful employees and ushers. Intermissions can get cramped with smallish type restrooms...the only real downside. Nice selection of eats from Barton G before and during the intermission. Will gladly return.  A big plus for Miami.  Only wish the surrouding neighborhood was  a little nicer, but its getting there. Another downside is that the area is not pedestrian friendly.  Interstates dump a lot of traffic right next to the building with lots of cars whizzing by.  Transit is avaialbe and close but the Metromover is so slow, so don't count of going anywhere fast.
This is a beautifully architected building that brings so much culture to our city. My girlfriend & I purchased tickets to see "Slavas Snow Show". The seats were extremely spacious & comfortable. As for the show, we enjoyed it immensely, especially the interactive portion at the end of the show where you get to play with the "snow", large floating balls & meet the performers. This is a must see show for the little ones.
1/3 of the arsht center performing arts complex in downtown.  i came her to see avenue q... which rocks b.t.dubs.  but i'm going to try and not review my new favorite puppets, but the actual opera house... the exterior of the space is gorgeous.  it's even more stunning at night all lit up.  the main interior was beautiful as well.  almost all glass on one side.  we enjoyed some people watching before our show started.  i enjoyed a glass of wine.  $9 for probably more like a 1/2 glass of not very good wine.  first ouch of the night.   we both felt the interior left something to be desired.  though the seats are fairly spacious (even in the top balcony part where we were), the 70s-ish wood railings and white paneling felt out of place with the massively modern exterior.  the sound and view were great from where we were as well. but even with my few complaints, miami needs the ziff.  miami needs the arsht center.  miami needs as much culture as we can fit. fyi... unless you like waiting for your car in a horde of old rich people elbowing each other while waiting for the valet to bring their bentley or rolls... i suggest you go with one of the other parking lots.  valet is NOT the best parking option.  but if you like watching old, rich people in the fight of their life... stop and watch for a min.
A must see in the city. I attended a private event/dinner here. Not a big ballet fan but the architecture and size of this place is amazing.
i was so confused with the lobby area because it looks EXACTLY like the one at the Arsht Center. But once inside the actual theater, i found the interior seating and stage totally different. I love it! the best thing about it is that no matter where you sit, the view is great.  Last sunday was my first time where i attended Free Gospel Sundays and Shirley Ceasar was headlining. i had a fantastic afternoon. Although the seats are NOT tall-person friendly (my 6'3 friend had a very uncomfortable episode) there was enough space during the concert to get up and dance without hitting the person next to you. good times.
went to see the nutcracker last evening. the ballet house was beautiful. easy to valet and get in just 45 min before performance. took out of town guests to see how wonderful their production is..the miami city ballet i mean. easy in and out and i was proud. bathrooms on the orchestra level could have been nicer. not very plush or beautiful at all. comparing to broward center for the performing arts.
