Best shows, awesome bar, and tight music.
If a show is here I am much more inclined to go. Great sound, great (expensive) bar and cool people. I like how smokers can be outside but still hear the tunes. It has a large parking lot right next to it and isn't all that hard to find for us out of towners. We saw the Oh Sees there and it rocked. We have also gone to see our main man Otto Von Shirach. Always a fun time.
Pretty cool place. Very hard to find.  It's under the highway next to the Design District.  Also, a lot of construction in the area. Went here for an event...great space for that and also looks like a cool place to listen to live music. Nice unpretentious feel here.
Being from new Orleans and appreciating live music, I can say that this place rocks!!! From the great music to the great decor I felt right at home.  I will definitely be back!!!
Been here numerous times best venue on this side of the miami for live bands & Hiphop neck & neck with only villa 221. My man has a food truck and he is an ingenious chef they switch the menu up on the regular. It's not out of the question to have a food truck date here and chill in the lounge while waiting for artofficial or takin to perform. The crowd isn't ace esters beautiful women who come from south miami and the biscayne Bay Area mostly. The men are mostly dj's, artists, and their investors a great blend for women. Beer selection is one that demands respect mos def top 5 places to chill on a weekend. This spot is usually more a spot to begin your night more then end it but that maybe just my personal preference. For a truly crazy night checkout white rabbit society on Sundays and artistic renaissance every week with an anything goes vibe.
Great place to hang out and just chill. I came here on Saturday night. They had posted a special they they were giving away free pan con lechon from 6 - 9, $5 Botran Cuba Libres all night long... And of course live music. They also had a Food truck in the back which was a nice touch. Its a pretty chill ambiance with a variety of different people. You can find all types of crowds here young, middle aged, and old so you won't feel left out or awkward. They have parking in the back which is convenient since you don't have to fight for it in the streets. Small tip - For young ladies out there bring some pepper spray and your golden knuckles. The area IS a bit creepy lol.
I had been waiting for what seemed like an eternity to check this place out.  I came with my boyfriend to see one of my favorite bands, Spam Allstars.  There was a $10 cover.  The Stage is a little difficult to find the first time, since it is directly under an overpass and kind of hidden in the middle of the parking lot.  I loved the cool, warehouse-y feel to this place.  It has nice tall ceilings, lots of space, sofas sprinkled here and there along the walls, and a cute but sizable outdoor area.  I went to check out the outdoor area but was quickly smacked by a wall of cigarette smoke.  Fine by me because I am not a smoker, and I very much appreciated not having to smell even the smallest hint of cigarette smoke indoors, despite the two spaces being open to one another. As the band took the stage, everyone was dancing.  The whole place was packed with people dancing and having a great time.  I loved that even people who weren't the best dancers were dancing the night away and could care less about what anyone thought.  The Stage is a judgement-free zone, so if you have any friends who are shy or hesitant to dance in front of others, this is the place for them because they will quickly be swept up by the fever and start dancing their cares away too.  By the way, attire ran the gamut of very casual shorts and a tee to button-ups for guys and jeans to dressy dresses for ladies. The concert was shorter than I'd hoped for, but the DJ was great.  He played music from all over Latin America and the Caribbean--there was a mix of Colombian cumbia, tons of salsa, some Reggae, a little samba, a little merengue, and some Haitian tunes.  I did wish there was at least a little bachata.  There was a very nice crowd all night, but I never felt cramped.  I just wasn't crazy about the hair-flipping-dance lovers who didn't mind having their hair on me so, thankfully, there was plenty of space for me to move away :). My boyfriend did have an issue with the bar running out of Heineken and with the blonde female bartender saying she was coming to him next then going down the line from one end of the bar to the other and completely skipping over him.  The Asian bartender saw this and came over to ask him what he needed. When all was said and done, my boyfriend and I had a blast dancing the night away!  I can't wait to go back, and I am dying to try the karaoke!
Eek! Methinks not. I apologize in advance for this review is totally biased, but I have to write from my perspective.  Look, I've been here several times on the weekends because my Miamian friends love it.  And hard as I've tried, I just don't.  It looks like such a cool place, too.  There's a nice indoor/outdoor area.  The bartenders are groovy. But the atmosphere is not my thing.  I walk in, and immediately I see hipsters.  Guys in fedoras and pants skinnier than my skinnies.  Also TOMS and moccasins..... I can't.  I'm the type of person who would rather risk standing in line at some South Beach club only to be rejected an hour later than have to spend an entire night trying to make up dance moves to go with that brassy tune.   Again, I apologize.  I'm sure I sound like a tool.  And I'm certain there are many who would prefer brass to electronica, which of course is totally fine. But my bottom line: If your idols are the likes of Afrojack and Calvin Harris, I wouldn't. (Sorry, hipsters!)  If you wear oversized beanies and have friends in the Lower East Side of Manhattan, I would. (Yay, hipsters!)
This place was different. There was a very eclectic crowd. We called ahead to set up a birthday package and when we arrived they had no idea about what was going on. Lack of communication on their part was annoying. The place is pretty cool playing mostly hip hop and house music. The Venezuelan food truck on the outdoor patio was a nice touch.
Great Venue! Out side of the watered down, over priced small drinks I loved it. The way it is designed inside out is incredible and the stage is proper! Great for shows!!
What is wrong with Miami - no cab drivers know where anything is, including this establishment!  I had to get out my cell phone and provide the directions via navigation.  When they turned onto a rather quiet street and said "here, you get out" - I thought that I was entering into what would be a rather uncomfortable situation - but then I followed the noise ... the hint of a deep bass ... and found the Stage! This is a great place to see music!  There is a lot of space indoors to move and groove, and they have a great outdoor space where you can catch some fresh air and sit for a bit.  The bar staff is wonderful and quick to respond! One warning, getting a cab after a show was VERY difficult, but we were very pleased to find a food truck that would help us pass the time as we waited for a cab.  Additionally, one of the gentlemen that worked the food truck looked like a 90's Kurt Cameron.  All and all, a good night.
Please, please, please Miami don't ruin this place! I beg you on my hands and knees! I used to frequent a club in New Orleans that had a promo campaign that said "if it's on the Jersey Shore, it's not coming through this door" ...I wish Miami would develop a similar policy *sigh* There were a handful of Yelpers hanging out at the Stage last Saturday night and I think we were all fairly content with our surroundings. The Stage is like a sanitized/ on steroids version of Transit (sans the douchy- papos). There's an amazing chillounge vibe going with beautiful art decorating the walls, lots of warm light, an amazing outdoor patio with plenty of seating, a very well set up stage that judging by the acoustics, has been measured down to the last corner of the old warehouse space. Drinks are steep, it's expected, but at least they're reasonable. They didn't have Red Bull so I had to drink my vodka with this thing called Chillos and when the bartender asked me if this was okay I said "as long as you don't charge me the markup price of a redbull, I'm good." He laughed, filled my cup with vodka and a splash of Chillos for some coloring, and charged me $8 bucks for Absolut. Not bad I'd say...considering. Can't wait 'til they start bringing serious acts.... I have a suspicious feeling that this place is going to be happening for WMC.
At first look from the outside, The Stage looks like a future site of flashing blue& red lights, yellow police tape and body chalk. The front door is hidden in an alley way between 2 seedy looking building s below the 195 underpass. Dexter is no stranger to this alley I am sure but if he comes he will be surprised to see a red velvet rope to gain entrance into The Stage. The Stage may have the red velvet rope outside but none of the red velvet rope attitude inside, it's $5 cover after all if you are not on this list so who cares. Once you walk inside you subjected to what Dr. Who aficionados know as " Time Lord  Science "  because like the TARDIS this place is much bigger on the inside than it appears and quite posh. There are 2 really fancy bar rivaling anything on South Beach or Brickell as far as decor and selection. Both are close enough to the actual STAGE that you can hear you favorite band kick ass or if the band sucks drown deaden you ear drums with another drink and head outside because there is a garage door that opens up to an mini garden out back that also has seating and one of those awesome food trucks for snacking . The crowd has always been pleasant , maybe a little crazy but in a fun way - if The lead singer from Radioboxer swan dives off a bar , what are you going to do ? Run catch her I hope !! The  staff polite and attentive no matter if it is packed to capacity like some other place a stone's throw away .... cough ahem Bardot . cough cough. Stage please don't change but maybe add one more exterior light to be less scary outside :)
The Stage is a very, very welcome addition to the Midtown area and for those seeking a slighter nicer alternate to Transit Lounge/Tobacco Road. * The Crowd: 30+ nicely-dressed yet laid-back downtown yuppies. Douche-sensor did not go off. :) * The Space: Gorgeous - half-indoor (equipped with a stage) and half-outdoor with plenty of seating, a bar and nice view of downtown. * Entry: No cover on the night I went (Saturday) - if you can't find it, it's right under the overpass in an alley that's not very well-lit. I had to follow the music to be able to believe it was really back there. * Music: Spam Allstars played this night, not sure what they usually have going on. I'm happy to report that their soundsystem is kickin' * Drink Prices: $10 for a mixed drink, but they do serve them in very appropriately sized glasses. Bartenders were quick, friendly and covered their areas well. Overall, the night went on without a hitch. They did a great job making this place look great and having a really fun, laid-back vibe. Kudos!
Goshdarn it, The Stage. You really have something going here. Ever the fan of live music, I walked in to find a rather rockabilly scene with some twangy greasers finger picking the banjo, clanking spoons, and slapping an upright bass. The sounds emitted were anything but local. Somehow we were in the deep south. After the set, a Gogol Bordello meets Beetlejuice quartet took to the indoor stage and between hurling his body throughout an otherwise vacant standing room, Dmitri (the lead singer) followed unassuming patrons into the men's bathroom... and then escorted me almost into a stall. 10 points for performance. I sipped $12 shots of chilled Patron XO Cafe, I stomped my foot to an otherworldly performance by the one man band, Bob Log III, and had an overall swinging time. Were I to carry a tune, I'd sure as hell hope that The Stage would be my preferred venue.
Yet another hidden gem in Midtown has surfaced, adding to the ever-increasing popularity factor of the neighborhood. The Stage is tucked away under an overpass, in a dark & shady street, next to a parking lot- perfect to keep away all tourists & all other pretentious trash! I actually came across this place because a local band, Tristan Clopet &The Juice, were having an album release party at this venue. I had never heard of The Stage before so I was a bit weary as to what we were walking into. The place is very  unassuming from the outside. It is, as mentioned before, under the overpass, tucked away in a dark corner of town. There is no huge sign and you actually enter from a small side door- blink any you'll probably miss it! It felt kind of shady and it made my anticipation for the place just grow!!! Once inside, the place was pretty spacious. It is an indoor/outdoor space with several couches throughout and 3 different bars, 1 outside & 2 inside. The stage was a nice size and there was plenty of room to stand and watch the band rock on. The crowd was perfect- young, trendy, & laid back. My friends and I only had beer so I can only comment on those prices. They had a few craft beers which I totally loved- Samuel Smith Oatmeal Stout please!!!! And the beers were about $6-8 which I thought was pretty reasonable. There was no cover since we got there before 11:00- so if you don't want to pay, show up early. We had an amazing time and will definitely be coming back to check out other bands play. I truly hope this place stays off the tourist radar because it's what makes it so attractive- it's Miami locals at it's best!!!
Finally came to check this place out. Ozzy and Michelle invited us and all they said was come join us and check out this live band.  I had no idea what the band was all about, nor did I care I just wanted to see them.  Then the added bonus was Hannah, Sabrina, Nate & Nicole and even Randy was there. Some friends from Broward had to come to visit me so they came with along with my boss.  When we fist arrived and parked in the dark parking lot and started walking through what looked like an alley I was like oh my this is ghetto. We walked right in, no cover because we got there a little early 10 ish. The place is so cool inside, very artsy, with cool artwork, a nice bar area, couches through out.  The vibe was very cool and the outside patio area was awesome. I felt like I was on the streets of Chicago with graffiti and amazing music.  We sat at the bar and the bartender was wonderful.  He opened me up a bottle of Gundlach Bundschu red blend that was fabulous. Service was awesome. Then, OMG the band started to play.  My feet hurt so bad after work but there was no stopping me, knowing every word to every song, U2, Depeche mode, oh my I was in heaven and I could not stand still. This band was mainly 80's and they were so good. The crowd was dancing, cheering, singing, what a great time.  Sure I saw a few hipsters and they were all cool but the diverse crowd was impressive. My friends and I had a fantastic time, great end to a very long week and got to hangout with such awesome people. Loved, loved this lounge.  Seriously can not wait for my next visit.  This is for sure one of the best hidden gems in all of Miami. Go, go now!!
I've been told multiple times that I'm a creative writin' motherfucker. I had one lady say I was "like a young Hunter S. Thompson if he were an asshole." Talk about a simultaneous "fuck you" and "thank you", lady, especially since it makes no goddamn sense. Anyway, with my ego inflated, I decided to write this next review as a palindrome. That's correct, this entire review of The Stage is a palindrome. The Stage reminds me of an outdoor Studio A. I liked Studio A because they had a lot of great shows there, and back in the day I saw a girl get punched in the tit by a Home Depot lesbian. For minutes I tried visualizing what the possible contents of the argument leading up to a tit punch could be. I think I eventually settled on a scenario where Home Depot found out lipstick was the chick scissoring her girlfriend. I miss Studio A. In The Stage you'll find a stage in the "indoor" area separating the plebeian outdoors by sliding garage doors. I've only been here twice; once for a Yelp Elite event I wasn't even really in the mood to go to on account of having a Daniel Powter-like bad day. Or wait, was that shit James Blunt? Who cares, I hate the song regardless. Also, it would be great if James Blunt died through trauma from a blunt object, just so the sound of headline writers collectively jizzing could overwhelm the sound of whatever bullshit top hit is propagating through the airwaves these days. The drinks are pretty reasonably-priced for the area. I believe I was charged $8 for gin and ginger ale, whereas that same drink would have cost me double that at Bardot which is only a couple of blocks away. They have a good sound system and a lot more space for shows than most other places around the midtown/downtown area (Grand Central being a notable exception), plus the outdoor area means less possibility of dying through massive smoke inhalation. I need to check this place out more often. You know what, it reminds me of a hilarious thing that happened to me. I was saw I. Em ot deneppah taht gniht suoiralih a fo em sdnimer ti, tahw wonk uoy. Netfo erom tuo ecalp siht kcehc ot deen I. Noitalahni ekoms evissam hguorht gniyd fo ytilibissop ssel snaem aera roodtuo eht sulp, noitpecxe elbaton a gnieb lartnec dnarg aera nwotnwod/nwotdim eht dnuora secalp rehto tsom naht swohs rof ecaps erom tol a dna metsys dnuos doog a evah yeht. Yawa skcolb fo elpuoc a ylno si hcihw todraB ta taht elbuod em tsoc evah dluow knird emas taht saerehw, ela regnig dna nig rof 8$ degrahc saw I eveileb I. Aera eht rof decirp-ylbanosaer ytterp era sknird eht. Syad eseht sevawria eht hguorht gnitagaporp si tih pot tihsllub revetahw fo dnuos eht mlehwrevo dluoc gnizzij ylevitcelloc sretirw enildaeh fo dnuos eht os tsuj, tcejbo tnulb a morf amuart hguorht deid tnulb semaj fi taerg eb dluow ti, osla. Sseldrager gnos eht etah I, serac ohw? Tnulb semaj tihs taht saw, tiaw ro. Yad dab ekil-retwop leinad a gnivah fo tnuocca no ot og ot doom eht ni yllaer neve t'nsaw I tneve etile pley a rof ecno; eciwt ereh neeb ylno ev I. Srood egarag gnidils yb sroodtuo naiebelp eht gnitarapes aera "roodni" eht ni egats a dnif lluoy egats eht ni. A oidutS ssim I. Dneirflrig reh gnirossics kcihc eht saw kcitspil tuo dnuof toped emoh erehw oiranecs a no delttes yllautneve I kniht I. Eb dluoc hcnup tit a ot pu gnidael tnemugra eht fo stnetnoc elbissop eht tahw gnizilausiv deirt I setunim rof. Naibsel toped emoh a yb tit eht ni dehcnup teg lrig a was I yad eht ni kcab dna, ereht swohs taerg fo tol a dah yeht esuaceb a oiduts dekil I. A oiduts roodtuo na fo em sdnimer egats eht. Emordnilap a si egats eht fo weiver eritne siht, tcerroc staht. Emordnilap a sa weiver txen siht etirw ot dediced I, detalfni oge ym htiw, yawyna. Esnes nmaddog on sekam ti ecnis yllaicepse, ydal, "uoy knaht" dna "uoy kcuf" suoenatlumis a tuoba klat. "Elohssa na erew eh fi nospmohts retnuh gnuoy a ekil" saw I yas ydal eno dah I. Rekcufrehtom 'nitirw evitaerc a mi taht semit elpitlum dlot neeb ev I. PEOPLE WHO WOULD ENJOY IT: Oh. I never said it would be a valid palindrome. PEOPLE WHO WOULD NOT ENJOY IT: Palindromes are fucking hard, dude, I got shit to do.
I like! It takes a bit for me to leave my beach habitat on the weekends, but this place will get me there.... especially when some of my favorite peeps are chillin' there. I really like this place, it's chill without all the stupid snobby people. Plenty of room to mill about and a lot of cushy couches. The stage is set up nicely so it pumps the music out to the back patio & the sound isn't so obnoxiously loud that you can't speak to the person sitting next to you. Drinks are a bit more pricey than I like $7 for a Heineken. I don't even want to know what mixed drinks will run you... Nice place for live music and a chill crowd, very interesting mix of people. Hopefully team rowdy stays away from this gem, I would like to come back!
How much do I love this place?! A LOT. The Stage is a cool, laid back, living room patio kinda feel place. It has a inside and outside area, both awesome. The ALWAYS have a DJ and then live band performance while you're there. My favorite day is Friday..why? Because it's THROWBACK NIGHT. Yes, my favorite music, old school hiphop, r&b, etc;. It's perfect to dance and vibe with your friends. There are plenty of bars and the bartenders are seriously awesome. This place doesn't look like much from outside, but inside awaits you a night of fanasticness.
Love this spot...plenty of space to dance ...perfect for listening to live bands -- today was my first time here and I had a blast dancing to PALO. The vibe was laid back - you can come dress like Miami Divas or like you came from chilling at the beach - no one spent time looking you up and down.  I had all intention to dance my butt off so cute sandals for me   Though there was a lot of dance space - it seemed like people were afraid to get up and personal with the band...except for a few people who just took up floor space trying to kill roaches with their spastic moves (oh wait...that was me).   If you are lucky..you can get comfy seating in the tent covered - mosquito screened patio (i.e. smoking area) to chat up with friends before the band starts.  After the band shows up...you need to get your butts up and dance  - no profiling here...the band needs the crowds energy to get their groove going. I came on a Friday night ...No cover before 11pm -- $5.00 afterwards... totally in my budget - though they make up for the no cover by inflating the drink prices.  I'm not mad at them- they have to pay rent and the bands...so the prices were totally worth it.  I will totally recommend this spot to people who want to dance.
Love this little rocker hangout! I may not be a hipster, or emo, but I can hang with the best of them - and they're definitely out in full force at The Stage. Some friends and I cruised through to see a local band the other night, and our entire experience was monumental. Reason #1: Free drinks! There were promotional girls giving out cocktails, and for some reason they liked us and gave us lots. We didn't have to pay for a single drink ourselves. SCORE! Reason #2: Badass service. We were unknowingly sitting on someone's private couch, and the staff brought us a bench to sit on instead. Um, awesome?! Reason #3: They had a Venezuelan food truck parked outside. While I didn't get to sample anything, I love that it was an option. Reason #4: The venue is intimate - ideal for live music. Reason #5: Great tunes. Loved the band playing this particular night, and I know their schedule includes lots of hot acts. Reason #6: Outdoor patio love! Huge and comfortable. I'll be back - most def.
My favorite place. Indoor stage w outdoor escape the noise, no cover, good parking, near highways, and bands like Spam, Locos, Suenalo, Artofficial....what more do you want.
This is like a transit lounge in the design district.   Whenever you feel like lounging back and not having to deal with the Brickell crowd, this is a great place to escape to. The drink prices are reasonable. There's plenty of space available so no one feels as if they are being suffocated to death.  Best of all, parking is easy and free!
Anthony Kiedis said, "Under the bridge downtown I could not get enough." The STAGE lives up to its reputation. A Miami gem underneath the bridge where phenomenal talents deliver splendid performances,with a full share of asshole bartenders.
This night, November 4, was huge at The Stage. It was the release party for Artofficial's Vitamins & Minerals album. My friends and I arrived early at the hippest indoor/outdoor music venue in Miami. The anticipation in the room was high.  Fans of years poured in to the beautiful venue to witness history. In honor of Artofficial, my friends and I celebrated with libations. The whole night the truest hip hop was played and filled the air around The Stage. An aura surrounded this location. It was night to celebrate hip hop in Miami. As the night wore on, the room became anxious to witness Miami's most beloved hip hop group, Artofficial. To ease the tension, Jameson was providing free libations and giveaways. Finally at 1230, anticipation and expectation was replaced by excitement and Artoffical taking the stage. The actual stage not them entering the venue. Every song they sang was a revelation to the crowd. Myself and the crowd were moving to their beats and words. Artofficial pulled out all the stops. They brought in a drum line and amazed the crowd. They brought in Wreckonize from Mayday, who joined them for a crowd rousing hip hop song. Lastly, they brought in Black Violin for a collaboration and the roof on the stage exploded from the awesomeness coming from Artofficial and Black Violin. Nothing beats The Stage on a gorgeous Friday night and Artofficial playing some real, true hip hop.
We had a great time at the stage Friday when we went to see Suenalo perform live! We started the night at Brickell and just made a quick drive over on the I-95. The building is large and the sound is fantastic. The outside area adds even more space and atmosphere with tables and seating. They even had a food truck outside for anyone interested in breaking their diet with late night munchies! It was $5 cover which I felt was fair. I'm excited to see who will be performing here next!
Came here to see one of my fave bands Ketchy Shuby and it was so much fun! From the moment we walked in, we were offered complimentary ketel one drinks...awesome! The place is big enough to accomodate a large crowd without feeling totally cramped. Great costumer service.
WOOO HOO!! Hot diggity damn, we got us a new live music venue in Miami and in the Design District.  Can I get an AMEN!?!?  Went the first time during the beginning of November as Miami New Times' Rock the Bus Tour.  Didn't totally love the bands that night, but was digging the digs!  Exposed brick walls, garage doors open to reveal an outside bar area, candles in cubby holes in walls, funky art work.  We have a winner! I went back twice during Basel; once on Thursday night too see Mr. Brendan O'Hara get his groove on and again on Friday night to see Stokeswood rock it out!  Also love the friendly faces from behind the bar who were formerly of Burger and Beer Joint (beach location).  Looking forward to well done promotions and epic nights out.
I'll start by saying that this is not my kind of venue. The bands are cool and the outside I like. In fact, the DJ outside was playing some very good deep house this past Saturday night (yet no one was dancing to it). The music (DJ) inside is not for me. I understand that and I won't bash a place just because they don't play my kind of music. My beef with this place is the drinks. I was appalled by the strength and quantity of my vodka tonics. I would go inside to order and by the time I sat at the table outside, it was already done. Everyone at my table complained about how weak the drinks were. My wife and I spent over $100 for a light buzz that we could easily get for $20 at other venues. Never again (at least not sober).
Cool new venue that I just happen to stumble across during Art Basel.  It's not officially open yet.  But they'll have new acts there again in the beginning of 2011. It looks like it was some old brick auto mechanics garage that has been converted into a music venue with lounge couches and bars tucked away in the corners.  They still have these 15 foot pull up garage doors that open up the space to a large outdoor area, which will be perfect for those warm Miami night's!
Clean little venue with overpriced drinks.  I'm used to drinking at bars where a Maker's Mark cocktail costs $6, not $11.  But I get it, the place is an actual venue for live music.  And if there isn't any live music, the DJ does a pretty good job of getting the crowd motivated (more reggae please).  Because there was a band playing that night, a cover of $10 was charged at the door. However, there weren't any pat downs, just one guy checking IDs.  There's about a half dozen couches inside the venue, but I think they're all reserved for bottle service.  There are a few chairs at the bar, but you won't have an opportunity to grab one of those.  There's plenty more seating outside with several hi-tops available without bottle service. You will have to deal with the elements though, but luckily there is a large enough canvas atop the outdoor area to block out most of the rain.  But on those hot and muggy nights, don't expect to find any spray misters whizzing about, only heavy duty fans. I'd like to come back if there isn't a cover.  I just feel like I'm too old to be paying a cover to get into places.  I spent 10 years of my life paying covers. Now I just want to drink...
I came to The Stage for the first time to see Spam Allstars. It's located on a side street, so street parking is plentiful ($0.75/hr and only until midnight). When we walked inside I was literally blown away by the bar design and atmosphere. There were numerous couches and tables to reserve but they also had couches for everyone too. There was a large dance floor area in front of the stage. The bar opened into an outdoor area, which was perfect for listening to music while also being able to have a conversation. The clientele was a good eclectic mix with a surprisingly good guy:girl ratio. The drinks were a bit expensive $8 for Sam Adams and $5 for Miller. There were Bacardi specialties $6, which might be worth getting if I liked cocktails. They also had a Taco truck in their outdoor patio area. Besides the drinks, I loved the place. The venue is the perfect medium between concert venue/casual bar/dance club.
A friend was having his birthday here a few weeks ago. I forgot the name of the band that played but I do remember half of them had dreadlocks. They played 'stand by me' in their own, funky way. If you weren't paying attention to the words you would think it was a brand new song. But enough about the band. Onto the place. I guess it used to be an auto body shop..nice open layout with bathrooms on opposite ends. The furniture is eclectic. There was a couch with this black & white paisley print I would love for my house. The Stage also showcases paintings from different artists that are available for purchase. Outside there is a bar and a buncha tables you can crowd around. The parking is somewhat safe and is nearby. Good addition to midtown.
Why has it taken me so long to come back here? This being my second time here I know have been missing out since this place opened. What a great way to spend a Saturday night than rockin out to some cool 80's music and even cooler people. It was Michelle Z's last saturday here so when I saw that a cool 80's cover band was playing that I had heard the first time i went i thought to myself....perfect!!! Let me round up the troops and head out. A great little group got together and a fun night was had. From the moment you walk in the stage is right on your left and you have bars to the left and right of you and some couches and some decent rockin out space. The crowd is quite mixed and there was a food truck in the back of the lounge. Super cool! I cannot wait to go back here.Great place to kick back and meet up with your friends and enjoy a nice night out in the magic city. The one negative thing i encountered were the expensive drinks...Oouch!
LOVED it!! From the front door to the back bar, EVERY Stage member I came in contact with was friendly and cool. I loved the overall vibe in here. There's a big dance floor in front of the actual stage and couches/chairs/tables inside and outside. The crowd was VERY diverse- young, not-so-young, colored, not-so-colored, flashy, not-so-flashy... you get the point- but one thing we ALL seemed to have in common was the goal to have a chill, good time- and I DID. There was a reggae/latin band performing and they kept me on my feet. The dance floor was packed but not to the point where I had to BATTLE my way to the restroom. The only thing I DIDNT like was my drinks! The first one was weak so I tipped the bartender EXTRA to "empower" it. I went back to the same bartender (in the back) and she made me ANOTHER weak drink!! There was no way in HELL I was tipping her ass again because at $14 a drink (Grey Goose) I expect (and she should deliver) BETTER. I held on to that last drink for the rest of the night!! On my way out, the manager (I think) stopped me to tell me about upcoming shows. My best advice to anyone would be to check The Stage's calendar before showing up so you'd know what type of show and/or crowd to expect. There's two covered, metered parking areas and street parking on the side. Meters run until 12am and there's a security guard posted out there all night. Can't wait to go back!!
The Stage. What can I say? Weird little hole-in-the-wall venue in Midtown. I came a few nights ago, saw F***ed Up headlining a show, with opening acts by Thee Oh Sees, King Khan & The Shrines, and a few others. We got to see the bands pretty close, as people leave their spots between bands. The sound here isn't too good, especially for the $25 they charged us to see the show. Drinks are overpriced. $50-something for 4 beers and two shots of whiskey. And, if you happen to want another drink, good luck getting to the bar, and then walking back to your friends. The place is also pretty small, so they get picky about how many people they can have inside.
We stumbled upon The Stage entirely by accident last night as we drove through the Design District and heard what sounded like trumpets. Naturally, we *had* to figure out where the sound was coming from. One turn and we noticed a building with a live band inside and an art mural on the walls toward the back alley. I got out of the car and immediately thought, "Where did this place come from??" But from what the bouncer told us it's only been open for about 2 months. As we made our way inside (cover was $10 for guys and $5 for gals - we arrived around midnight) and I immediately liked what they had going on. The inside was a little funky and reminded me of Transit only a little more upscale, but I definitely loved the atmosphere. We had a few mixed drinks (averaged $6.50) and watched Shamarr Allen and the Underdawgs who put on a great live show.  There was a bunch of seating both inside and out and two bars on each side of the interior. Before our detour to check out The Stage we were on our way to find a place to eat, but we were in luck since the Montaco truck was parked in the back - problem solved! All in all, The Stage was a pleasant surprise and I hope this place sticks around because I could definitely see myself visiting again.
This is a huge space! They have pretty good live acts, a live Twitter screen, and a fun Kareoke night on Tuesdays, although it's on and off the schedule, not consistent at all. When it's busy, it's super crowded. When it's not busy, it's pretty empty. They open the back patio sometimes when it's a big crowd, and it's perfect to get away from the loud music and packed bars on either side of the stage area. They often have a food truck in the patio, but when it rains, it gets flooded and it's impossible to get to the food truck without getting soaked. The bathroom is always crammed, but there's a secret single bathroom by the main bar on stage right! There's an ATM on the other side of the bar by the patio entrance. The bouncers are rude and uninviting, but the bartenders are cool. The crowd is pretty cool though, if the act/event  is good. I've had great nights there, but i've had lame night there too. It's hit or miss.
I gotta say, this place was nicer than I anticipated. The interior is great, with the stage prominently placed in the middle of the room, with two bars flanking it. I went on a Thursday, and The Bright Light Social Hour was performing, so they charged a $5 cover. I must admit, I've never heard of them, so I suppose I'm not very hip, but there was a sizable crowd singing along throughout the performance. And by the end of the night I confess I was singing along too. Local band King Bee (also new to me) opened for them, and they did an excellent job as well. I was officially impressed. The atmosphere is great; none of the pretentious people you inevitably encounter in SoBe and Brickell seemed to be around. Everyone was there to genuinely have a good time. The alcohol obviously contributed to that, and although the prices weren't the best, they were far from outrageous. I was content with my $5 Yuenglings. The only complaint I have is that they inexplicably had only one of the two bars open that night, which led to unusually high waiting times when going up for drinks. Fair is fair, though; even the pretty girls had to wait a while. Not even the bartenders are bags of douche here. The garage door was open, leading to a very inviting outdoor patio area rounded off by a conveniently parked food truck. This being Miami, the night was quite hot and humid, so, although tempting, I opted not to explore the area. Another night, perhaps. In short, The Stage is a breath of fresh air hosting plenty of talented performers, both local and otherwise. It is definitely worth checking out, but be prepared to hunt for this place, as it is inconspicuously located. Keep an eye on the buildings below the overpass, looking out for the hidden door halfway down the alley. You'll be glad you did.
Pretty cool spot in the midtown area. I really hope this place gets the credit it deserves seeing as its still a pretty DL spot. From it's initial appearance, The Stage does not look like it has a door entrance until you go around the side. The little side door entrance leads you into a pretty large space that encases two side bars, a main stage and an outside back area that has a mini half pipe! On Thursdays they even have skate night where some amateur skaters display their "skills" on the pipe. The band I saw that Thursday wasn't good at all, more like really really loud obnoxious noise. Fortunately for me I had some Zignum cocktails to keep me going. Hopefully they will book better acts to come. Other then the great looking space, the staff is pretty friendly and the drinks are always flowing. I can't wait to come here and listen to a great band play.
I fell in love with The Stage!! We arrived late because the babes' band was playing last night. This was my first time here but I definitely see myself returning. There was no cover charge when we arrived. (Although I never pay a cover charge wherever one of his bands has a gig. One of the perks of being "with the band", I guess. LOL) I did hear that they sometimes do have a cover, but not always. Even so, it wasn't much. Five bucks, I believe... The venue itself isn't huge, but is spacious nonetheless. The decor is funky and eclectic, IMO. The large stage and adjoining VIP section was comfy-cozy. Plush couches and a cute little coffee table to set your drinks on. There is ample dancing room and a large bar with good service. The place is what used to be a warehouse of some sort because the "door" separating the inside from the outside patio is a garage door. They leave the door wide open during operating hours, which expands the size of the venue considerably. The outside area offers little couches and coffee tables and has large umbrellas covering the space. This was definitely an added bonus since it was a rainy evening. I only ordered one drink while I was there and although the credit card minimum is $20, they were willing to let me slide because they were closing and it was time to go. I paid $11 for a Dewars White Label on the rocks. It's a little steep, I'll admit. The upside was that it wasn't a wimpy little glass, so I'll let it slide. There were also Bacardi promotion Girls handing out free Bacardi cocktails so I was content with that, even if I'm not a huge rum fan. They kept them coming which I thought was awesome! The bathrooms were decently kept which is a feat considering that this is a music venue. I was impressed. The bouncer at the door also advised me that they have some big name acts sometimes so I definitely intend to keep an eye on this venue. Fun times to be had!
Right when we hopped off the plane from Chicago, my buddie's friend picked us up and took us here. Awesome boho urban vibe. I love the fact that it was off the beaten path. This seems to be a place where the locals go which I would find to be refreshing once we frequented a lot of the places in South Beach later that night. Live music is always a plus and the vibe here is so chill. The artwork on the exposed brick walls was pretty rad. There were some random lighting fixtures and cool couches to sit in while getting bottle service. They also have a pretty cool outdoor space as well and you can still hear the music very well from out there. The service was quick and friendly even though it was a busy Saturday night. Next time I'm back in Miami, I will be sure to check this place out again.
Saturday night was my first experience at The Stage and I loved it.  I'm all about the warehouse conversion and indoor/outdoor setting.  All of the great clubs have this in common and The Stage has successfully capitalized on that. The Facts: 3 well-stocked bars Food truck Stage for live music Clean restrooms Great DJ An eclectic collection of art and sculpture Parking right outside Indoor/outdoor seating areas This is the place to go if you like checking out local bands, hanging out in a unpretentious place, and if you enjoy the convenience of drink, food, and music all under one roof.  If you haven't been there, check it out soon. theflavorfusionproject.c…
This places turned out cooler than I had expected. I came for the first time on a Friday night & there was no cover. The inside decor is amusing with all of the artsy painted mannequin bodies and it's whole hip-hop/jazzy look. The outdoor patio is the best. It's still somehow connected to the inside, but its covered in a big tent with mosquito screens (win) and you can smoke and see and hear everything from the inside perfectly. It actually has comfortable couches you can sit on without having to buy a bottle, and plenty of hightop stools and tables too. As far as the drinks go, if you're looking for cheap beer, the Yuengling drafts are $5, and PBR tallboys are $4.
When I first walked in during a pre-open party. I felt I was walking in one of those 1st gig places from Guitar Hero. Very hip, stylish, and oldschool type of feel. The music was good and I got free beers. 5 Stars. Then I came to celebrate a birthday, had the big table in the center & and the music was a little too loud and couldn't really understand the yelling from friends trying to communicate. Although I got buzzed and didn't mind the place. Had a Good Time 4 Stars. Another time with a group of friends, they enjoyed the place a lot. Had to pay $5 cover... sucks.  We had a great time, but again, music was too loud. We ended hangin' outdoors on a tall table and had a terrific time. $$$ on drinks went a little over... just a little. 4 Stars! Overall, good time! New talent every week. And if you want to listen before you go, check out Sound Theory Live on 88.9 WDNA hosted by the owner of The Stage, Carlos Garcia I'll be back!
Walked in on a Tuesday night, only to realize there was live band karaoke. So you think you can sing? can you sing with a live band of three behind you? I tried it. I sang No Doubt's Sunday Morning. Of course it happened after having their evening drink specials, $5 cosmos and appletinis? One of each, please! If martinis and cosmos aren't your thing because of the glass shape or what not. You can always ask for it to be poured in a different shaped glass (wink), or order $3 shots or $4 Yuengling. Aside from the Tuesday night specials, they also have craft beer on draft. Pyramid Hefeweizen was my selection of choice. Check it out.
Ambiance: Varies greatly on the night Food: None Drinks: Full bar I've gone to The Stage several times to watch friends perform live music. The layout consists of the main stage flanked by the main bar and and outdoor patio. They have a lounge "area" just behind the main bar. On busier nights, they will open their second (smaller) bar indoors or a tertiary bar outdoors for extra service. My one problem with The Stage is that if you don't know where it is, you're very likely to drive right by it and not even notice. The main entrance is down a dark alley with general public parking in the back. Google maps didn't do it justice to figure out where it was specifically placed. Bottom Line: Recommended, but avoid weekdays unless you know the bands performing
"PAT FRANCIS GOES TO JAIL!  PART 5!" It was a Friday night and I was in Miami.  After visiting a shanty town in Hialeah to look for some subs for my friend's car and drinking vigorously at Monty's happy hour, it was time to move on the next adventure.  My friends and I hit the supermarket and loaded up on some skrimps (too many (we got iodine poisoning)) then waited for some girls to come over so we could really begin our night.  After eating more skrimps with us and having a few drinks, the girls decided that we should go to The Stage. After a short cab ride we arrived and you could hear the music from outside the venue.  I believe the band that night was the Spam All Stars and they were very good.  Honestly my only complaint with the place is that once the band was done and they switched to a dj, a lot of people left and the place really cleared out, destroying my dream of making friends with hipster girls. I want to give a special shout out to bartender Cricket Nelson (whose name sounds like it would belong to a cowboy, but is actually a very attractive woman) and her very good Old Fashioneds.  I had never had an Old Fashioned in my life before this night but I have to say that if they are always this tasty, then it may just become my drink of choice.  It's a stiff drink, the kind that says, "I'm a man and if this was another era I would probably be wearing three piece suits and banging my secretary."  I can also say that they put PAT FRANCIS on the bathroom floor at the end of the night, a feat that hasn't been done in about 2 years.  Very #rare. Highly recommended.
It's a nice little place, very laid back, but this is becoming a theme for me...$8 for a Guinness? Spendy, no? However it is a fun place, good music, laid back vibe, a food truck in the yard. I'll likely be back...
I love live music and on a Sunday night no less a few friends and I enjoyed a singer named Paola and a rock/pop band Radioboxer.  Both were great!  Paola sang with dancers and had a real concert rolling, Radioboxer was hard driving and both had the Sunday night crowd going.  Great stuff.   The bar is nice, decent prices and the drinks were very good.  Service was friendly.  I also like the ability to seat outside and still hear and see the live bands.  I wish they had some food to go with drinks and super great atmosphere!
Funky cool venue, but in an odd location. Not sure about normal nights, but I assume there are interesting regulars here. The parking is street, which is not ideal, but there is a lot right next door. The outdoor area is wide open, and larger than the inside. Bartenders are fast and nice, great job by the staff.
I went to The Stage one night randomly to meet up with some friends.  I am aware of the Midtown area but had never been or past The Stage.  Most likely because it's not a side street with nothing else in site.  It took me a minute to locate the place and actually comprehend that that was the bar I was going to.  I was a little deterred initially because it is isolated and the parking situation is a little sketch (parking lot is under an overpass).   I am glad I did not let my initial response deter me, this trendy indoor/outdoor bar was right up my alley AND without a hipster insight in the very popular hipster section of town.
For months, I've been traveling and haven't been able to go out much in Miami. All I read about on Facebook is the Stage and how great it is and how everyone goes there, and this amazing Halloween party they threw there, etc. So, I went to a Macallan event at the Moore building on Friday night and decided to give The Stage a chance afterward. Woah, was that a mistake... The drinks are good, the inside is nice-sih (kind of reminds me of Transit Lounge)... but they charge a $5 cover at the door! I don't pay cover to get into places, especially not places where the lead singer of the band throws a blood pack on herself and then strips. What's that about? I felt like it was definitely not my crowd and while I had a good time, I'm not sure I'll go back there.
Great live music place in miami. Cool vibe  Saw the spam allstars and danced all night !:) only down : Expensive drinks.
Stopped by Saturday night to meet up with some friends. The place is good, offers both indoors and outdoors. It is like a warehouse changed into a bar/club. Parking around is easy.
Told you I'd be back. Went back on a Thursday and a Friday night.  Fabulous.  There were live bands playing on both nights.  The sound is alright, but sometimes the vocals get drowned out by the music... It happens.  Friday night was my favorite... ever.  Whoever the DJ was playing between acts was INCREDIBLE!  The bands that played that night were entertaining, but it was the DJ that made my night.  Everything from the 80's and 90's that you love to jam to.  People drank, people danced, and people had a good time. I love live music, I love karaoke, I love outdoor spaces... This place has all of the above = I love this place. End. Of. Story.
Our building had an event there Friday night so wen went to check it out. Seems like a cool place to hang out. I like the inside outside combo and they had two bars. Inside was very cool almost like a larger Bardot but less of a scene. Cool place I definitely will be going back.
Great local nightspot. This bar reminds me of the cool live music scene in Austin or New Orleans, definitely not your typical overdone Miami club. Go check it out!
Live music to me is one of the purest forms of art, and The Stage is just that, a venue for local artists to show off their craft. The place is comfortable and easy to walk around with a couple of couches to chill and a full bar to enjoy a cold one or two while watching your favorite band play live, up close and personal.
Like so many great places in the Design District: you would never know what an incredible space this is  ... until you do.  I parked in the lot behind The Stage and distinctly remember mumbling some doubts about the area as I was walking in. And then I saw it.  As you walk through the door, don't be surprised if the hazy mood lighting, urban chic couches, sky-high bar, and fluid indoor-outdoor lounge literally disarm you. It's a nice change of pace with the right mix of music and mingling.  The Stage is sophisticated and casual without the slightest hint of pretention.
New live music venue in the Design District.   Great brick-walled warehouse space.   A couple of bars, outdoor space and of course, the stage!    Last night was soft opening.  Local indie bands and upscale hipster crowd.
Great new venue i had heard good things about, and finally was able to experience it myself. Very loungey feel to it, with couches outside perfect for having a drink and enjoying good company. The Stage that it is named after is great, and I'm sure awesome when the place is jammed as it is elevated. I went on a quiet Thursday night during MMW with some visitors from Wisconsin, and everybody had a great time. I also heard the ever awesome Steel Pulse had played the week before, so if thats the kind of acts playing here, maybe it deserves that Fifth star. Until I get to experience it to the fullest though, four it is.
Saw Batuke Samba Funk here in mid-April, and I loved the venue.  Very friendly to a San Franciscan.
We stopped by here one night at the behest of a buddy and came away extremely impressed.  Despite the "refreshing" walk through the ghetto to get here (when I say refreshing I mean adrenaline pumping alertness waiting for a crack whore to jump out of a bush), this place is pretty bad ass!  It was an old auto garage and still retains the slide up garage doors, making it a pseudo-open air venue.  A reggae/rock band was playing and the place was packed.  The drinks were very reasonable and there was a food truck parked right outside for the late night munchies (why hasn't anyone else thought of that?).  The Stage is a much needed breath of fresh air since we do not have many live music venues in Miami other than Tobacco Road.  I would highly recommend this place for a change of pace from the usual club/lounge scene.
The coolest place in Miami.  Went there last week after years of doing the same Miami club scene.  If you haven't been here, you don't know where to be in Miami. Miami has needed a place like this for years.  Finally, an unpretentious place to go in Miami where you can still see beautiful people and have a great time.  I didn't think it could be done, but The Stage pulls it off.  Put it on your places to go list if you are in Miami.
I went here for a CD release party, so the crowd was pretty mixed.  The venue itself is really cool.  It's classy, pretty, artsy, small and yet big enough.  It was a beautiful night and they had the garage doors open.  They have a really cute seating area in a corner where you can chill out and watch whoever is on stage, and they also have a really neat garden area in case you want to enjoy the outdoors while listening to the show.  There is no cover most of the time, unless they're having a special performance, and parking is conveniently located next to the venue.  It's a pay lot that's shared with the rest of the DD, but it's still nice to have a lot right next door.  Sound seems decent; they were having some adjustment issues so it was a little harder to tell. They have two bars, a larger one and a small one, on opposite sides of the club.  Service is fast and friendly.  I look forward to going back for another show.
This place is pretty damn cool. It's kind of like a smaller version of transit lounge with a little older crowd. The prices are pretty similar to transit also. They have a pretty big indoor stage with two inside bars. Also an outside bar that's covered with a cool lounge area. They have an food truck outside that looked pretty good although I have not tried it out.
The boyfriend and I wanted to go somewhere NEW. So we busted out with yelp and the stage was pretty close by, except that we could't find it. Right as the bf was about to give up and go elsewhere I read a fellow yelper's review and someone posted it was right under the overpass! Eureka! We found it! Thank you yelpers! This place was great! No cover, easy parking (we were a bit early, though), great atmosphere, and live music - what more can u ask for? We weren't here very long, but we definitely plan to return one night and we'll see if they get that extra star to make it 5. ;)
This is hands down one of my new favorites. Major major plus- no cover. Hell freakin yeah!! Also, the parking rocks because there is a big lot right there and it is metered which is always cheaper than having to park valet. Not to mention you don't have to worry about crooked valets stealing your aux cable or scratching your front bumper. If I sound bitter it's because I am (thank you valet guy at club MIA). Anyway, back to The Stage. There was no line to get it, the security was super chill and the atmosphere was great. Big open space, with a stage of course, and then a fab outdoor area. Multiple bars. The bar does have a 20$ minimum for cards, so be weary of that. I got a vodka drink that was 10$, which is on point for the area. The crowd here was awesome. There was a great mix of people; hipsters, girls in their club wear, dbags, cougars, but mostly trendy and just an overall good feel. I feel like you (girls) could get away with wearing anything here. By anything, I mean a range spanning from jean shorts and heels to a sparkly short number.   Biggest turn on about The Stage- the live music. And may i reiterate when I say NO COVER. Paying nothing see live music is pretty awesome in my book. This place is good enough that i would not mind paying to come here even.
There's stuff I really like about this place (food trucks in the back and there's always room to go an grab a drink) but I've been here about a dozen times and every time I go I'm not impressed with the musical acts that they book.  I swear it's a venue only for the Spam All-Stars or Suenalo.  I'm ok with them but goddamn they're there every fucking week!
Of course I would comment on this place! From all miami, I think this has the best vibe! The place is fun, service is great, and the idea is awesome. Go with a group of friends, have a couple drinks, enjoy the live music, and create your own mood. Miami definitely needs more places like The Stage where local talent is showcased. Two thumbs up.
Hands down my favorite place in Midtown area.
Awesome atmosphere. Cool music and they always have a food truck waiting for you when you have the munchies after a hard night of partying.
A chill spot that's affordable and lends itself to a diverse crowd... but be warned! You won't get inside if you're wearing shorts.
Great vibe and kick ass beats every time.
Good music Good drinks and great atmosphere
There's a giant STAGE!! hahaha hmmm ironic. Older crowd, not bad..I could go for cougars. There was a cover charge, but nothing to deter you. Outside has like a couple high top tables and chairs. Food truck also outside......it's a little bit hipster, probably like 10%...but I can deal with that. All the female bartenders are frekin hott
Great music venue. Intimate yet spacious. Any spot is a good vantage point to see whoever is playing here. The lighting and sound quality is good. Love the open indoor/outdoor floorplan here as you can get right up close to the performers indoors or just go to the back that happens to be out doors yet still close enough to see said performers perfectly. Food trucks usually provide good eats and the bar is well stocked. Great little spot you would never new existed as it's hidden in an nondescript building and the entrance is in an alley. All in all a great place to go for live music.
Cool space for live music! Great set up and the sound is fantastic. The only problem is trying to get a cab afterward.
I love this venue.  Located in Miami's Design District, an area that is undergoing some serious renewal with some serious creativity - The Stage epitomizes it all.  It's a large warmly decorated space with plenty of room for, yes, a stage, to host some of Miami's finest artists.  The space outside has a rather unfinished, yet hip, feel.  I fell in love with The Stage when I realized that it is a former warehouse/body shop of sorts and sits smack under several billboards and a highway.  What else to do with a space where many people may not otherwise go?  Entertain!
I have been to a couple of events/shows here and it's a cool place to enjoy live music. Small enough to intimate, but with the open patio in the back it doesn't feel claustrophobic. Even when it was busy we didn't have much trouble getting drinks quickly. The selection at the bar is very straightforward but they are strong and relatively reasonable on the wallet. The staff I have encountered have all been very nice and friendly. I even saw a bouncer dancing while keeping an eye on everyone.
I went on my Birthday and I had a great time  Low key and trendy
Located right by I-195 just north of midtown. It's a cool and chill place.  TEDxMIA had an event here recently, dunno if it's an regular occurrence or not.  Good stage set up for music venues and having food truck there is a plus!
Love this place.  I have been about 3 times.  To leave the beach with my group of friends is difficult and we love this place.  Love the space, the ambience, food trucks always help.  Los Chamos!  Yum.  Good live music.  Big fan.
Great spot for live music and casual drinks. Went for a friend's performance, great feel. A decent place for live music (finally!)
Can't wait to go back, awesome place. Right by midtown so it is really close to me, reasonably priced drinks, loved the decor AND the food truck located in the back was just perfect. Mom always said arepas are the best drunk food. I am looking forward to checking out other shows there.
Really a 3.5 but I am feeling generous.  Went on a Saturday night, good DJ, played a lot of classic hip hop songs I grew up on.  Had a live band which wasn't so good (nor was the sound).  Good looking women, plus bikini models for whatever reason.  Decent beer selection for a clubbish venue.  Had Brooklyn lager and even chimay (though I realized not the best idea to have a chimay after 6 previous drinks, a little too filling).  Bar was stocked with quality liquors.  Parking was fine that night, not too tough to find a spot.  Nice venue for a casual night on the town.
Loved the stage. Had a great New Orleans vibe. I went there for a special event and loved the band. Reminded me a lot of Warehouse bars in New Orleans. We need more places like this in Miami. It does seem to be in a bad neighborhood but I loved it.
Try to come here whenever Suenalo is performing , you won't be disappointed.  Went here with a couple of friends on a Saturday night to see Suenalo and I couldn't have had a better time. Before Suenalo hit the stage my body was grooving to the sounds of various types of music from jazzy to Spanish to hip hop and yes even a little calypso in the mix. Finally a place with a DJ that has an open minded musical selection and not the same played out songs from the radio. As for the band ....  Woooowww I am blown away. Sound volume was perfect, the sax player ooohhh that sax I could have stayed there for ever listening to that sax, the drummer, singer, guitarist,  bassist .....they all sounded sooooo good. I couldn't stop dancing!!! I really liked  the indoor outdoor concept it opens up so much space in the establishment and you dont feel like sardines in a can as the night goes by and more people are coming in. There is a food truck outside with some tables chairs under a tent. I took away one star because it took us forever to order 2 drinks at the bar since there was only 2 bartenders. We even had to signal them several times in order to get drinks. Each drink was 12$. I think a small sized red bull and vodka for 12$ is a little pricey. There was no looooong lines or picky bouncers pointing out who can and cannot get in and best part no cover charge if you get there by a certain time (we got there around 10). I would definitely come back to this place , looking forward to discovering more bands.
Nice vibe, great crowd. Definitely a cool place to hang out if you are looking for something different. Especially on Saturdays if you want to dance and listen to some 80's and Freestyle music , which I am a fan of !!! Can't wait to come back !
The atmosphere was fun, drinks were good...even though a little pricey for actual alcohol, beer was good! There was a food truck in the back.
Great for live music, food truck out in the open rotates every other week, the have a great variety of music groups from all types of  genres!!!!!  Go alone or go with friends you will enjoy the experience.
coo, trendy, funky spot, something different. We went on a Saturday night-they had Spam-All Stars performing, think of latin jazz infused w/sum hip hop beats. Like the graffiti exterior, love the $5cover. The parking lot was right by it, tho we drove by it like twice, it wasn't until i saw the door person sitting in an alley that I figured it was there. Variety of people there. Open layout with food truck in the back outside area for the munchies.  Would come back again!
I love this place. Great music. some of my favorite local bands play here. Drinks are good, not cheap but not too expensive. Love when there's a food truck there for late night munchies. Great vibe and crowd. Casual yet still nice at the same time.
Live music, drinks and food trucks. What more do you want?  Miami needed a place where locals bands can play. Great vibe!!!
Good place if you like live music cool scene
The setting was very good I like it!
I had a good time when I went. It was pretty laid back, but the music was extremely loud! My only complaint is that it was raining when we were there and we got extremely wet, being inside did not help too much because it was hot and muggy. Next time I go, I'll make sure to check the weather first!
Awesome place relax,  to catch some local bands, and have a few drinks with friends! Cool venue in Midtown Miami.
The Stage is a great place to relax, enjoy some drinks and listen to awesome music live! Be prepared as they do not have a kitchen and they do not serve any food, just beverages. The staff was really attentive an really enthusiastic about the music. If you love to listen to live music this place is the one for you.
The Stage could very well end up turning into my favorite club/bar for live music. So far they seem to be doing nearly everything right. Pay parking is uber-convenient (& I'm all for tipping the guy who watches the lot a couple of bucks at the end of the night), often no cover before 11PM, reasonably priced beer & drinks, great sound system, tons of open air ventilation (no smoking inside the club, but you smoke outside on the patio area & still see/hear the bands), plus their booking most of Miami's best local bands! What's not to like? The owners definitely spent some money on this place & it shows, yet it's a cool art / music vibe, not South Beach pretentious. If you like live music & clubs like Grand Central, Jazid, Transit, & Tobacco Road, you'll really like The Stage. They've definitely "upped the ante" when it comes to live music clubs in Miami. Here's hoping the owners keep true to their original vision, continue to book quality bands, & keep it affordable!
dont start charging $10 just to get in. especially, dont charge the ladies to get in ... i mean, you already charge 9 bucks for a jack n coke at the bar.
Website says this is a completely smoke free environment. This listing says smoking on the patio only. Smoking was throughout and heavy- absolutely awful for someone with smoke issues. At least don't lie about it.
Clean & Cozy Venue. No feelings of claustrophobia; it was nice and cool. Spacious venue with an outside patio. There is a food truck in the outdoor patio. Drinks are a little overpriced. Live music; paid a cover charge to enter.  Nice atmosphere, great energetic yet laid-back crowd. If I can round up a group of friends, I would go again!!! So let me know when you are going so I can meet you there!
This place is a great venue for live music.  However, the 5 bands I've seen at the Stage have been horrible.  Anywhere from hip-hop to alternative, the bands have been pretty bad.  This place would be great for a Radiohead-type band, that plays jazz rock/alternative/jam-band rock.  Enough with the local rap bands, they're not talented!
great place for live music and dancing. starts late but worth the wait!
Very cool new place that has gotten great bands so far and attracts a decidedly non-hipster crowd (for now).  All this (and good beer on tap) with easy parking and friendly staff, means i'll be spending lots of time at The Stage.
Where do I begin? I've been to this venue twice before & had great experiences. But last night was my worst concert experience/lounge experience I've ever encountered. I went there to see Raekwon, forgot my printed tickets in my car that I had valeted miles away, I tried to ask for help from some guy who was in charge explaining my situation & that even though my tickets weren't printed I had my confirmation email as well as my identification, a guy wearing a back pack (extremely unprofessional for someone in charge) came over yelled where are the tickets I tried to explain the situation and he cut me off to say "no tickets you ain't gettin' in the show" and walked away, no help whatsoever. Took a cab all the way back to my car, finally he venue opens had the girl upfront my ticket & she's trying to use her CELL PHONE to scan the ticket, which eventually she gives up and just takes the ticket. Drinks are $11 each in small cups, which you receive from bartenders with zero personality & customer service skills (starts from management I guess). Doors didnt open until 10 so a DJ played a set (the DJ being the same guy wearing a backpack who was in charge) played music from a playlist wasn't even mixing the songs. 1am comes around and still no opening act is on stage. 1:45am and finally an opening act, Raekwon didnt come on until 4:08am, 4 in the morning!!!! The venue never once apologized for the wait the DJ just kept trying to stall the crowd by saying "who came here to see Raekwon?" Another slap in the face. I witnessed two brawls due to the fact people were so drunk being there since 10pm, got an entire drink spilt on me. When Raekwon finally came out, I wasn't even excited, I was soaked my feet were killing me & I was angry. The stage completely ruined my experience of witnessing one of my favorite rappers ever live for the first time. So if you dont want to deal with a horrible customer service, over priced drinks, a DJ who plays songs off of a playlist DONT EVER COME TO THE STAGE MIAMI
