I heard many people comment that this was better than Art Basel, and I would have to agree. Amazing production of modern art.  Great collections and very unique pieces.  Can't wait to go back next year!
Love this addition to the neighborhood every year Presidents Day weekend in February. The art is always amazing ! Prices to go in are extremely reasonable $200 pp. There are two nice size tents sent up and yes they are under AC in case it rains. I always think they are they show is spectacular.Parking is always easy because Midtown offers tons of parking, at extremely affordable prices. I also got a little gift bag when I left with magazines, and art pieces they show cased there.
A decent, non-Basel-related art show at an interim date relative to the aforementioned. It wasn't huge, and I did recognize a few pieces from the Art Miami fair a couple months back, but it was worth a couple hours of walking around. The focus was mostly on local galleries, but I have to say, this still pulled a number of out-of-state and foreign galleries. I do wish these fairs would do away with the ridiculous concept of the "VIP Lounge" in the middle, though, especially since all a "VIP" pass gets you is the privilege of walking inside the little pen, sitting down and buying drinks.
This event can be accurately described as a mini Art Basel, and not be perjorative at all! As a matter of fact, I loved the emphasis on local galleries! I was emailed an invite, I'm guessing from one of the multitude of mailing lists I've signed up during gallery walk as well as listings for offsite events. Last night I went to a party / exhibition at the Bakehouse and enjoyed the jazzy vibe percolating through the old walls of the BAC as well as seeing some of my favorite artists like Dan Fila (he of the J-Lo-ish mural on 36th and Biscayne. The main event in a tent on the Midtown property was a beautiful hodgepodge of galleries. In addition to New York galleries, I was very proud to see a lot of the Wynwood galleries represented on a stage with national buyers including the deer sculptures from Wynwood Walls and some very thought provoking video installations from Bernice Steinbaum Gallery. I also saw the snakehead made of neck ties from Guerra de La Paz that's in one of my profile pictures! Facility wise, they did a good job keeping spaces clean, the temperature comfortable and the lines at the two wine and coffee bars moving quickly. A friend I went with enjoyed her pistachio gelato and we both had cool, crisp Chardonnay. Open only yearly during the Presidents Fay weekend, you still have the chance to stop by mañana.
This is a new event and it is world class.   They intend to hold it every year from now on during Presidents' Day weekend.   About 50 galleries from around the world were exhibiting. This really helps to solidify Miami as a serious contemporary art  destination.
Great New Event that I hope will fulfill on the promise of repeating every year great opportunity to see works featured by many local galleries.  As well as selection of galleries from around the world  artist have a younger more edgy feel than encountered in the more established art Basel.  This is a great addition to the Miami Art Calendar
Fantastic event, really contemporary art pieces. The event showcases how Miami's art scene is becoming ingrained in the city's fabric. Cannot wait till next year!
Come here for art walk - you will LOVE it!
