Ah Yelp- you never let me down! After my husband and I were feeling a little let down over the Miami nightlife- club after club after club with house music blaring- we referred to Yelp and found this gem. Tucked away from the hustle and bustle we almost passed it.  I've been to a lot of piano bars and wasn't sure what to expect of this one, but it by far surpassed the rest. It's small and intimate. There was one woman bartending, one serving, and a man playing the piano when we walked in. The cool part about this place is that ALL of them could sing and play instruments!!! What a talented group of people. They took the time to know our names, ask where we were from, and genuinely seemed to care- a breath of fresh air from the lack luster customer service we had received at the other places we had been to that night. You would think with the staff serving and performing the service would be slow but no- these people are on it!!! And they're funny!!! The man playing the piano (I wish I could remember their names!!!) called us out for being on our iPhones and started singing "iPhones everywhere!" It cracked me up. They take song requests and obliged to playing some Lorde for me. We also came during happy hour and got buy-one-get-one for our drinks. All in all, words can't really express how much we loved this place. It was the perfect way to celebrate our 1 year anniversary. Small, intimate, romantic, and fun. They even got everyone at the bar to say "happy anniversary!" when we had to leave. I would give it 10 stars if I could!!! Thank you for making our night one to remember! Sincerely, Maryland :)
I love The Cabaret!  Located just steps from the tourists traps in South Beach, this place is the real deal.  I've now been back a few times and the employees are exceptionally engaging...and they perform on stage!  Some major talent here, both behind the bar and on the stage.   You won't find any pretentious South Beach attitude here, just staff and patrons hanging out for a good time and friendly service.   I went last night and asked for a semi-obscure off-Broadway showtune, and of course the pianist knew it right away.  That alone should be worth, what?  Like, 3 1/2 stars? Best bet for parking is the 12th Street garage on Washington Ave, about 1 1/2 blocks to the bar.  Just $1/hr.
I don't give too many mediocre reviews (my review history will attest to that), but I just can't justify giving any more than 2 stars here. My wife and I visited the Cabaret on a Tuesday night during a short vaca in South Beach. Being a Tuesday night, the place wasn't packed - probably around half-full. The performers were great, but it was nearly impossible to get a drink from the bartender. My wife and I sat towards the end of the side bar for over 15 minutes (there were other people seated there as well), during which time the bartender never bothered to look down our way to see if we needed anything. I finally had to go grad one of the servers (also a performer) to get a drink. Note to horrible bartender: If you work as a bartender, make sure you monitor the entire bar, not just the people you feel like flirting with. In any case, the bartender finally made it down our way about 30 minutes later, at which point I was more than ready to roll. He said it  was $7 and change for the crap beer I'd ordered, and then didn't bother to give me exact change - he conveniently just rounded the price up to $8. Very disappointed in my first visit here. Maybe I'll give it another shot next time I'm down there and hope for a different bartender...
Awesome cabaret show by talented artists... A must visit spot if you want to experience a  live show in South Beach!
There is a place in South Beach where sensuality lives.  It is located just around the corner... steps away from the long lines and booming bass of the ultra-clubs and sweaty bouncers that seem to revel in the misery of a lifestyle-obsessed Mtv generation.  It is steps away in distance, but a galaxy away in its feel, mood and service and character.  Walk too fast, glance at your phone too long and you'll miss it.  But find it once, and you will never remember a time before you stepped into this dimly lit den of sensory delights. The Cabaret is small and intimate.  It is dark and filled with little corners where you can lose yourself in the shadows with that significant other, as delicious libations gather dew on the small, circular tables in front of you.  There is a small stage where a white Grand Piano sits gracefully in front of red velvet drapes eying a vintage microphone stand under a lone spotlight.  Two chandeliers sway lazily to the music, cautious not to shine too brightly and ruin the mood.  The bar is brimming with people lounging with ease, drink in hand watching the stage, conversing in hushed tones, laughing with grace and breathing in the atmosphere.   But the centerpiece of this anomaly in Time and Space is the staff.  Larger than life personalities with even bigger voices and talents who one by one (or sometimes two by two) take the stage and fill the air with such powerful melodies that you forget yourself in the beauty of this aural awesomeness.  To call this a Jazz club is to limit it.  This is where melody lives.  In The Cabaret, performance is an art and the men and women who work here are masters who paint amazing canvases with their amazing voices and instruments.  Their songs are full of heart and soul... sometimes upbeat, sometimes filled with heartbreak and sorrow, but always aimed at the heart.  You can't help but be moved.  Sipping a drink, you can't help but smile.  This is not a tourist trap.  This is the real deal.  The Cabaret is an sincere homage to music. This is not South Beach.  This is a time machine to an idealized long ago past that I never got to see, except in movies and only read about in books.  The singers make love to the microphone with their voices as the players' fingers dance on the keys, filling every ounce of this tiny space with harmony and music.  This is my new secret.  Tucked away on 12th street, behind the Marlin hotel.  Come with me before this, too, is gone.
Chill atmosphere (No cover!) !! My friend and I were in Miami over vacation and wanted to check out a chill place to hang out before hitting the clubs and this place is it! Great music, good service, and pretty chill place to hang out.  The bartender doubles as one of the singers for a song, pretty small crowd, but a nice place to hang in general.  Not a 5 because I feel like 4 people are running the entire place (bartender, 2 backup singers, and pianist/singer) and I feel like they could do better were they to have more staff.
If you are looking for a chill and relaxing place to be in South Beach, you should consider the Cabaret
Just a rip roaring good cabaret time. My sister and I went and we knew the piano player who really focused on making sure that all of the servers had their time to shine. The drinks were strong, the bartenders were super involved in making sure that the glasses were never empty, and I felt that they really cared about my drinking happiness!! I also loved this place because they let me get on stage and sing "One" from A Chorus Line which was pretty funny especially after I saw the video. The only thing that I would have changed would have been the fact that there were too many ballads, but other than that, parfait!!
To set-up the scenario:  it's the night before the big 2-4.  All dressed up and no place to go, several glasses of wine in and itching for a great spot with live music.  I, admittingly, have never been much of a yelper (for the same reason I'm not any good at Pinterest, but that is neither here nor there,) but I am going to yelp the sh*t out of this spot because it will definitely become a new go-to! All you must know is, if you ever find yourself on South Beach between the hours of 7 p.m. and 2 a.m. with a drink or two in ya and an urge to listen to fantastic live music, this is seriously a gem (albeit, a hidden one.  Don't fret if you can't find it right away.  The somewhat hard-to-find door is what the little door was to Alice, a wonderland!) My friend and I lucked out and found two seats at the bar (it does get pretty packed in here!  It adds to the ambiance in my opinion, but if you're seeking to sit & not stand, I'd try to get there a bit earlier.)  The bartenders are all actual performers at the Cabaret and are all popping in and out every couple minutes to make sure their customers are well taken care of.  The piano player was fantastic, the performers were both talented & amusing, and the vibe was just right in the room!   Perfect touch of the evening:  the performers sang happy birthday to me, and it was the icing on the-oh-crap-im-24-now cake.
I have been lax about writing this review. I love this place. The staff is very talented. Great drink prices and a nice start to a night on the town or an after dinner treat!
This place is full of talented performers!! Not a place you think of when you think South Beach but its exactly what the beach was missing. The only two things I wasn't thrilled about was the lack of food served and the venue itself.. its extremely small. It gets packed really quick so I advise you go as early as possible to get good seats.
So much fun. Such a friendly, lively staff. My boyfriend and I arrived early and were treated to full house caliber entertainment before the crowd arrived. One extraordinary vocalist named Victor, new to the U.S. from Venezuela will surely be on tv/Broadway by next year.
Love love love this place! Everyone is always so pleasant and approachable. The drinks are yum and named after Broadway stars or screen divas.  The performances are spectacular!  The venue is cozy and intimate . The decor is vintage glam. I almost want to keep this place a secret because I don't want it do get to crowded or change ! All types of music genres welcome.  I can't say enough good things about this spot.
We went on a Tuesday night at 11pm and the smell of mold - musty basement was so strong we had to leave after a few minutes. The piano player sounded good and the place looked cool. It appeared to be just big enough for 50 people. To bad it smelled so moldy.
A must see if you're in South Beach. Musical talent is excellent; concert-level caliber. Service is very friendly. Probably the most memorable place I went to in South Beach.
All the waiters sings! That place is outstanding! I loved it.
Just go!  So much fun and sincere performers/ servers... You will not regret.  Something for everyone.  Came with 3 teens... :-)
5 star!!!  We will be back whenever we come back again.  The talents here are amazing and fun.  The crowd is great too.  We are totally entertained and totally enjoying ourselves here.
This place is amazing! Highly recommend it! The happy hour is a great deal. There's no food here, so make sure you eat before visiting.
We had a great time and the musicians are amazing and the bar tender Carlos was awesome!
Been here twice so far and love it! Great place to relax with some cocktails and listen and watch some great performances. A place South Beach was needing. With that being said, the down side is the venue is small. And the only thing worse, is having to stand the whole time when there were tables reserved for almost 2 hours before anyone sat down. I get reservations, but why would anyone want to go a place to relax and stand the whole time? Let people sit and remind them that they are reserved and will be ask to leave the table when guest shows up. I'm in love with the place and have told all my clients about it. This matter will be the reason and only reason I would quit coming to this amazing business. I hope the figure these issues out.
Fantastic music and vibe...unfortunately the drinks were a mess. Two of the worst (sloppy and overpriced) cocktails I've ever had.
Had an extraordinary evening w/ a surprise talent that made me had an amazing time! Friendly bar w/ a cabaret feel and the singers to make it real. The drinks are great and the service was right.
Been here twice, both on a Tuesday, and had a nice time with plenty of space to relax.  Very skilled performers, solid friendly service, and tasty reasonably priced drinks.  It's a little oasis within the hustle and pretentiousness that surrounds.
So happy that I found this place. Great music, friendly staff, and a wonderful vibe!
Loved it and will go back again. Great live music, great service and a very cool spot. I went to celebrate my birthday and sorry I have not been there sooner. This is now my new favorite! Talented and a lot of surprises!
Cabaret is a long overdue addition to the nightlife and bar scene of South Beach, Miami Beach.  It has a NYC jazz bar vibe inside, with life music and performances nightly.  The staff is super friendly and fun, the bar quick and loose with the pour (as any good bar should be).  Its a great place to visit if you want something different other than the typical thumpa thumpa EDM beats that permeate almost every venue on the beach nowadays.  A relaxing and easy vibe, accessible to all types of people, comfortable and not stuffy.  Congrats!
Wow...this place is awesome... The concept is amazing... My favorite place from now on
Fantastic spot and a great addition to South Beach nightlife!
The beach has long needed this place. Low lights. Great music. Friendly bar tenders. Lots of gorgeous furniture and gorgeous people. Gay/straight friendly. Cabaret is everything that's great about Miami Beach nightlife. Perfect location, to boot.
This place is real.  Incredible professional musicians who also are personable and serve perfectly crafted cocktails.  No cover charge.  I could feel comfortable here with anyone regardless of age, race, sexual orientation, etc.  It's simply a classy, but not pretentious, affordable place to be entertained, run into people you know or meet cool new people.  Edison Farrow has spent years creating an amazing social network, and he is providing the perfect atmosphere for wonderful people to meet one another.  This place is truly unique and fabulous.  It's like a microcosm of Miami Beach, gay men, lesbians, straight couples, all colors, ages, shapes and sizes with one goal, to be entertained.  Fabulous!  (Markers Mark Manhattans are top notch.)
Great place.  Walked in with a few friends who knew the owner and WOW was it awesome.  It was a Friday night.  Piano bar was great.  They also had a guy swinging from the ceiling.  Price of drinks were reasonable.  Atmosphere was good.  The bartenders were pretty cool as well.  They all sang and participated during the night with the piano guy.  Overall great place to hang out with friends.
The cabaret south beach is a must see!!! The decor is right out of a movie scene the staff is friendly all professional musicians. This place is great for any occasion pre drinking or celebrating a birthday. If you are visiting miami this is a place you must visit.
I attended one of the grand opening nights and this place is fantastic!! If you want to come, sit and have a drink with friends and listen to some amazing singers and performers, this is the place for you.  This place brings a little New York to Miami in the best way.  Drinks are very reasonable prices for South Beach standards and I'll definitely be going back.  Go, you won't regret it!
NYC Piano Bar feel with great drinks in real glasses.  Staff is very friendly and service was terrific.  The talent is great and it's still easy to have conversation when music is playing.  Very comfortable to hang out before or after doing something else.
Stopped by here on the last night of my vacation, it was a Monday so it was a bit slow inside. The staff were uber-friendly, and it was great fun to hear the performers while enjoying a nice drink with my girlfriend. No cover, friendly staff, good performers... I approve!
We had a fantastic evening at Cabaret South Beach. The drinks and service were great, the music is top notch, and we ended up staying much longer than we'd expected as a result. It is a very friendly and comfortable place to spend an evening. It fills a big gap in the market in South Beach for people who don't enjoy pumping club music but want a more cultured experience.
