This is the first Art Basel show I've gone to so far, so to reflect on it as "the best," would be premature. What I can say, however, is that your mind should prepare to be boggled by the most diverse pieces of art. In one particular exhibit, there was a video piece with a young lumberjack dressed in the style of a 70s tennis player (white shorts, tube socks, etc). He's chopping wood. Then, it's hard to miss, but this same young feller is in physical form, with a log strapped to his back as though it were a backpack, and he's walking on a treadmill. What?! Why?! Gotta love it. Another piece that stood out was Mindy Linkous' massive Jackson 5 portrait. A master at fine art, I learned that she painted with actual gold and the touch of color proves jackpot. Loved the Taco stand installation piece. It had me fooled that tacos were in my near future. Or maybe this was actually a stand with abuelita taking a bathroom break? Art's confusing. Don't miss the The Amazing Ultran. Reminiscent of the fortune teller in the movie Big, performer/artist David Rohn seats himself within a constructed fortune teller booth and operates as though he were machinery. Robotic movements and all, it's eerie to say the least! Give him a dollar and he'll write your destiny. Overall, an abundance of contemporary eye candy. Don't miss it!
Scope should be on everyone's Basel checklist. Consistently one of the best fairs of the week Scope showcases a mix of talents and from across the US and the globe. This year was no different many of the galleries showing had pieces that stood out from the rest of the other fairs. Several of the pieces stood out for using technology and light. Even better than all that was the amount of artists on hand and gladly explaining their work. Standouts for me were from New Orleans, Germany, and Japan (I'll add gallery names asap) If you're visiting Scope give yourself at least 2 hours. Also remember to cross into Art Asia which is a fair within a fair and for that tack on at least 40 additional minutes. This year the fair had the Rums of Puerto Rico lounge and some of the tastiest cocktails in town and provided some amazingly talented entertainment for example Nestor Torres breaking it down Caribbean jazz style.
By Far Best Fair during Basel. Describing it as the younger, hipper, weirder brother of Basel proper is the most fitting. With a more diverse group of artist and galleries, Scope has art that makes you gasp, laugh, go "What?". Personally my favorite piece was bags of rice that had chapters of books written on the grains of rice. The bags were screened with old library check out cards, which told you which book it was. Basel is completely overwhelming, and it feels intimidating even when you know a lot about art. But at scope the art neophyte can rub arms with the connoisseur. And you can stop by Art Asia for buying one ticket. Scope is a must every year!
This was the best show I have seen during Art Basel. I think overall it was well organized, well laid out and I liked the variety of galleries. There was everything. It was so much better than art miami, and really.. art basel its self always disapoints me so I didn't even go this year. This had some crazy ridiculous stuff, but that what made it fun. It was amusing, now did they sell anything?? I don't know, but I some of the items here were mucho cheaper than art miami right across the street. Really though for 30K i do'nt care how awesome it is- Its not a bargain if you aren't driving away in it. Alright- next year. Put this on your list.
Scope is really good, but just a nudge under Art Miami this year. It always has the most boundary pushing Art at in my opinion, but not the conceptual type. Always a must attend event. I might have seen a Banksy display out in front of it one night this year. Not sure though because it was unsigned...
Hands down the best of the Art Basel shows of 2010. Parked outside is a convertible wearing a pink, knit sweater from rear view mirror to tires. You walk in to be greeted by a two-sided slide and a face painted on a mirrored sphere. They were peculiar, totally original, and set the tone for the whole event. Scope didn't play it safe, and there were moments where the art crashed and burned, but that just made the successes that much greater. Scope also had the best of the fair food. Roberta's (imported from Brooklyn) was the paired perfectly with the mood of this fair. I loved my corn cakes with super spicy salsa and veggies. WAY better than the soggy sandwiches and fruit plates the other fairs had to offer!
can you beat the location of this show!? we truly live in paradise as the rest of the country freezes. parking is slightly easier on the beach than it seems to be in wynwood during this week, the show seems less crowded than others and its still super epic. im a scientific person so to see this stuff amazes me. highly recommend. day pass is worth it, bring a student ID and save $10. $15 for  day pass.
Clearly, art is subjective.  For what it's worth, this humble art-viewer (and sometimes collector) LOVED SCOPE!  In addition to the intriguing installations and pieces, the people watching was the best.  Keep your camera out and at the ready to capture those artsy hipsters ogling crocheted abodes with live models in crocheted (of course) body suits, Frankenstein-like taxidermy, and large-scale photography (including my personal favorite, a distressed bird photograph by a German photographer who alters his work with urine and sausages.)  Yup, you read that right!
This was my second favorite fair, after Pulse.  I'm a fan of more contemporary art.  The show was fun, and you get admission into art asia as well, which was also really good.
Amazing art fair...the best one hands down
I review art for a prominent magazine and also collect.  All the art fairs have lots of hype but,  this year Scope-Miami was AMAZING!  the VH1 party was off the hook.  If you are interested in Art and looking to either start of build a collection with emerging artist at great prices this is the art fair not to be missed.
First time in Art Basel and I am really impressed with the modern art in south florida......David Rosenbloom is a fantastic visual artist
This was one of the best art fairs during Art Basel. Don't skip it. It is interesting and has some good cutting edge stuff.
