The experience is a good as you make it. However, there are some things to consider. The sound system is great but it does have to compete with the liveliness of SoBe that surrounds it. I've had to adjust at the beginning of each movie I've seen there but I was fine in no time. Some tips to make the most of your viewing entertainment. Bring blankets, beach mats, anything to sit on. I suggest a beach chair. The low ones so that people behind you aren't struggling the watch the movie. The grass has been kinda moist the couple times I've been so my mat didn't keep my butt from being a little moist after the show. Bring food and drinks. Make a picnic out of it. Acelyn B and I learned after our first encounter that it would be a good move. It paid off the second time. It's pet friendly if you want to bring your pooch along. I'm sure they'd have a grand ol' time there as well. The CinemaSeries really makes for a great outing.
My two movie nights here have made me wishing I could make this a weekly routine. I've been to other movies on the lawn type events and enjoyed, but I also attended those with low expectations. C'mon, you're outside on the grass with a hundred other people all trying to get comfy watching a make-shift screen and hoping everyone (& everything around) keeps quiet so you can catch the dialogue. For me, it's always been more about the experience than the movie. SoundScape ups the ante by having amazing speakers, which is much needed considering there is city traffic around you. I was very surprised that I didn't have to strain my ears or shush people around me. The wall makes for a very good and large projected picture, beating out any projector screen pop-up. Bring some dinner, drinks, great company, blankets, and if must be, lawn chairs. But PLEASE, make sure it's the LOW lawn chairs. Remember this isn't your house or a stadium seating theater. People behind you would like to see the movie too.
Where  else can u seat at the lawn with a bottle of wine and cheese and watch a free movie? Yeap here! Every Wednesday they show free movies @8pm. Be sure to get there a lil bit earlier to grab a a good spot. Take advantage of the weather , sip back and enjoy the show.
What do you mean I've never reviewed SoundScape Park at the New World Symphony!? You bad Yelper you! Amazing generosity on the part of the City by way of a special agreement with New World means tons of free events at this lovely, modern park. Movies, concerts, performances, oh my! Beautiful architecture and creative design. Floral vines and mind blowing stereo seamlessly infused into the natural surroundings. Bottom Line: must-do in Miami Beach!
Love the soundscape! I've been here a few times since moving to MB...first time, I saw the famous film noir, Sunset Blvd...nostalgic for me since I grew up watching the oldies with my mom.  My second time around was JAWS...totally different experience seeing it outdoors on a WallCast so close to the ocean! What a great time; relaxing outside on crisp Miami winter evenings with so many other locals, enjoying the classics (and sometimes newer releases)! ***Relaxing, exciting, FREE, great date night, great pre-gaming spot, BYOBlanket & booze. No glass allowed. Pet friendly. Good times!
So fun & great date night! Pack up the pup, blanket, wine, and snacks and catch a movie under the stars. Check out what is playing-- mbculture.com/Scroll.asp…
I first thought the earth was threatening to rupture based on all the noise coming from the NWS, then I realized it was only Hogwarts facing doomsday. Whew. I went from a state of terror to euphoria. Harry Potter playing on the huge walls of NWS?! This is AWESOME. And hey, there are movies here every Wednesday night in the Winter time. Bring some picnic blankets and food, and you'll have a good time. You can find the list of movies here: mbculture.com/Scroll.asp…
For my 400th review...... drum roll please....... New World Symphony's Wallcast at Miami Beach Soundscape Park. I brought my girlfriend to watch the free wallcast screening of Moulin Rouge and yes, as a real man, I can admit I thoroughly enjoy this movie. It's important to add I have a sensitive side. Honestly, it makes me all bubbly inside. The experience is supreme and legen..... wait for it..... dary. Picture is crisp. Sound is very good considering it is outside and is competing with city noises. I did not even notice any city noise. The crowd had good participation, but at the same time was very respectful. And the weather was flawlessly cooperating with my almost picture perfect date planning. Why was it nearly perfect and not just perfect? Well, it was my own fault. Here are a few tips for you to make it perfect. 1. Get there early. It gets packed and if  you come late and end up far back or off to the side, some of the beautiful architecture in the Soundscape Park may get in your way. 2. Bring a blanket and pillows. Yes, I brought a blanket, but a pillow would have made things more comfy lying down. On the side note, they have very nice grass if you do forget to remember this tip. 3. It is BYOB. Bring a botlle of wine and snacks. It is dinner and a movie time. I failed on all accounts on this one. I forgot the wine on the counter and food was not even a thought. 4. Use the bathroom before the movie experience. My girlfriend could not get in the New World Symphony building and had to use the restroom at Five Napkins. There was seriously more people in there waiting for te bathoom then eating here. 5. Wednesday night is the movie screening at Soundscape. Saturday night is the screening of the symphony on the Wallcast. Both are free. Pick accordingly for your date. Both are wonderful. If you follow these tips, it will lead to a perfectly beautiful night and what come what may next is going to be behind closed doors.
In a town with so little to do that's totally free, this is a refreshing change that makes Miami a little more livable and a lot more like a "real city" as I sometimes put it. Not long ago I was in San Francisco visiting a friend, she told me about the movie nights they do out in nearby Delores Park, and it reminded me of how little we have back home... And then this happens and my hope that Miami will one day suck a little less comes one step closer. Thank you.
WallCast was a great surprise I was told about movies being shown on the outside wall of the New World Symphony building but thought it wouldn't be that good.  I thought the picture would be bad and I thought it would be hard to hear. Turns out the the picture is great.  The sound is plenty loud.  I think the speakers were hidden inside all the fake metal trees and columns.  I didn't even notice the noise from the traffic or the light from the street lights.   I arrived an hour early and brought a couple of folding chairs. The area really starts to get very busy 30 minutes before the film starts.  A lot of people brought blankets and enjoyed a picnic during the movie. There was even a male couple that had a whole wine cheese and fruit spread out on a wooden cutting board (it was so cute). Next time I'm bringing my own picnic too. Wish I lived closer because I know where I would be every Wednesday nights.
Free Movies!!!!! This place is so Kewl. Located in South Beach on Washington Ave. I went there last night to watch Spaceballs! Great Movie by the way! If you come early you can pick your spot to watch the movie. Just bring a blanket or chairs to sit down on. You can bring food and drinks if you like . Great for families, groups, and kids. Plenty of security and police walking around to discourage panhandling. You can hear the movie perfectly. Great place to come and relax and watch a Free Movie!
This recently completed park is an important "addition" to the Frank Gehry designed New World Symphony (New World Center) to the West... The park was originally planned to be also designed by Gehry, but after an alleged $2 million design consultant fee, the City decided  to go with Dutch Landscape Architecture firm West 8 (thank you commission). I haven't been to the new Symphony building, but given the SoundScape park I may not need to.  SoundScape itself is a performance heaven.  During the opening (while chilling on the grass) we listened to the New World Symphony on a ridiculous exterior sound system & watched a video on the 8,000 sq.ft. east wall of the NWC.  I think their plan is to use the projector to showcase design and local art work on days when the symphony is not playing. Strolling the park and it's labyrinth of zig-zag walkways and raised platform edges to sit on, you're bound to hit the curved Sculptural Clouds.  To me they look like Golden Chanterelle's, but it might be b/c I grew up in Eastern Europe & our forests were filled with these amazing little Fungi. So next time you're on Lincoln Road or in search of a new spot to visit, make that turn and hit this park.  You may just get a free show of New World Symphony broadcasting to SoundScape.
There is a reason why the Wallcast at the Miami Beach Soundscape has a 5-star average.  It's one of the absolute best things to do in Miami.  It is truly a landmark for our city! There are few things that compare with bringing a picnic and setting up some chairs or a blanket on the grass and watching a beautifully produced concert on the wall of the New World Symphony. I highly recommend going to Joe's Take Away and picking up some goodies, then getting over to the park very early, as it gets very crowded, especially on a beautiful winter night.   Make sure you bring a bottle of wine (or your drink of choice).  Pop that cork and enjoy a stellar evening of great drinks, food, company and music!
How wonderful! Free movies on an IMAX sized screen in a park full of fresh air. Except it's not. Despite pre-show warnings that ask patrons not to smoke, lots of people do it anyways and it really pisses me off. We got stuck between a cigarette and a cigar. Seriously?! And lots of people talk loudly throughout the whole movie. (Both of these things are huge pet peeves for me.) Oh, and don't be surprised to see a few panhandlers making their rounds before and during the movie, begging everyone for money. Anyways, my boyfriend and I got there about 40 minutes early and had our pick of the best seats in the park. We were treated to Ray, with great sound and an even better picture (they use four projectors and a blu-ray player). Besides some inconsiderate people, this is a fun change of pace (as long as its not raining). Bring a blanket, a picnic, some friends and enjoy the show!
Nice comfortable grass, cool air, huge screen, thundering sound, and best of all free! Find a schedule for the events online and go it is a very nice experience so relaxing and fun, after take a stroll on Lincoln road or the beach, cannot go wrong.
Amazing public space. If you live in the neighborhood and haven't soaked up this beautiful new city park you're sure missing out. It's sprinkled with shady palm trees, benches and cool zig zagged sidewalks. It's maintenance is impeccable. The grass is softer than a baby's blankie and the New World Center, whelp, it's extravagant. The building itself is gorgeous, modern, and the neon lights look  spectacular at night! Whoever says MB lacks friendly neighborhood spots hasn't been here for movie night Wednesdays or seen a free live showing of New World Symphony projected for all to enjoy.  I love taking picnics here, or laying on the manicured grass catching up on Sunday phone calls. I haven't yet been inside the building, but hoping to go to a performance soon. I also spy what looks like an AMAZING rooftop area...anybody need a date to an event up there?? :-)
I was really impressed by the park and happy we have this in our community. This was the night they played Beetlejuice..me and my family plopped ourselves on a blanket and enjoyed watching the movie. Someday I will come on a Saturday for a concert being that you can hear it at the park too (thanks Richard K.). Oh and I parked in the lot  caddycorner to the Lowes for only 3 bucks..can't beat that.
This place is so kool!!!  The outdoor movie showings are unbelievable.  What a great asset to South Beach!!!
what a great thing to have in our beautiful, magical city! ive known about it for a while but it wasnt until recently that i got to check it out. lady b whom i had not seen in a while suggested the idea to go watch young frankenstein on halloween night, take some to-go sushi from moshi moshi with us and of course a couple of bottles of sake too. doesnt that sound like a good plan? plus, we were blessed with gorgeous weather that evening so what could go wrong? absolutely nothing! even though we got there a bit after the movie started (cause we were really looking for good sake at every liquor store in south beach) we were still able to find a cozy spot to make our own. the screen is large and the sound is crisp. it is safe to say that everyone who was at the soundscape had a good view. i will for sure go back as they have a few classics lined up, for example: indiana jones, edward scissorhands, the goonies, etc. admission is completely free. youre encouraged to bring blankets, pillows, something to munch on and your beverage of choice. this is a great date destination and dont worry much about restrooms as theres a few portables very near by and they were very well kept and clean. we in miami beach are blessed. we truly are and the soundscape wallcast is certainly an extra perquisite that we must not take for granted.
Go for the movies and wallcasts- and bring a picnic and bottle of wine. Or just go to admire a Frank Gehry original!  Also, the 30-min concerts for $2.50 are awesome- I highly recommended you go and check it out for yourself!
Awesome. Miami really needed something like this and watching the New World Symphony's Wallcasts on the green gives Miamians a taste of Chicago's Millennium Park (especially the Jay Pritzker Pavilion, designed by Frank Gehry). The sound system was excellent and the performance from the Symphony was outstanding. Truly worth the experience!
Gorgeous landscape architecture.  Even if there is no show happening when you're there, visit and walk through the park.  It feels and looks like something out of Alice in Wonderland or some other reference containing surreal scenery and experiences.  People just hang out there during the day and early evening, reading, talking, computing, relaxing.  It's just as fun to watch other people enjoy the space, too!
Such a wonderful experience! I always say that there is nothing like seeing some of your favorite movies on a big screen, and when you watch the movies at SoundScape you really do get to see them on a big screen. The movies are projected on the New World Symphony building with surround sound. I was able to catch a screening of Vertigo starring James Stewart and Kim Novack and thought the experience was amazing. Being able to sit outside on a blank with your friends as you share some wine and snacks was fantastic. My only advice is to get there early so you can get a good seat.
I love the free wall cast. Great excuse to sit outside, eat and have some wine. Take your picnic tables blankets and chairs. Glad Miami is getting more culture.
I accidentally stumbled into the middle of a screening last weekend and I have to give Miami major props for pulling this off.  Quite possibly the most quaint, romantic, laid-back, cultural thing to do on any night of the week.  No matter what you're into, there are few things more charming than sitting outside and enjoying a little culture or movies.  To be honest, I wish I could give this six stars.
Great place to sit outside and watch a movie on a nice night
Unbelievable. You have to experience it to know how good it is.
