Always a good time to be had here...so much a good time, I was thrown out last year for being overly drunk. To my credit, most of that drinking took place @ Clevelander where I was also thrown out earlier that evening...sad Two levels and full of action. There are always performers in the front dancing on the tables doing covers of songs and dancing usually takes place in the back on the lower level. The upper level is usually where hookup negotiations and people watching takes place. The line can be lengthy on some evenings, but as I said earlier its a good time
What is the deal with this place? I've had a hatred for mango's ever since my middle school decided that it would be a good idea to bring student government to this place as a "treat." That was back in 2002. This is the kind of place they want to keep the "riff raff" IN. The poor waitresses look like they keep working in calle 8 and their "uniforms" are absolutely horrific. There is a complete lack of personal space and curtsey. But reviews are not about what you knew you didn't like, but instead, for people who like this kind of thing. This place gets 3 stars because: 1. the music is actually good. They had live singers, even reggae, accompanied by...dancers. 2. the staff sucks. They complained about having 6 people sit at one of their tables when the limit is 5, but they refused to give us another table, does this make any sense? 3. As mentioned before, personal space? When the men do their little srtip-tease booty shakn' thing, the 50-year old women go crazy, the bar in the back fills up and strangers are grabbing on to your chair like its all good. It's not all good so BACK OFF. 4. The food sucks, i'm sorry but it's true. The food here sucks. What's even worse is that you HAVE to order something to eat if you want a table. It's not enough you are spending $200 on drinks, no, you HAVE to eat, however, half your group has to eat standing up (because the table is only for 5). So come to mango's for the hooke- i mean, dancers and the music, but skip the food and any expectations you have of being around decent people.
On boy, where do I begin... Well we walked in being invited by a friend who has been here before. It was too busy and it was nice the bar was open and not jammed packed! Of course there were creepy men in there, creepy cracked out women in bathroom and tourists. That didn't stop us from having an awesome time ! We hit it on a pretty good night since there were many locals as well! This isn't your typical dance club -you actually dance and if you don't know how some guy is always desperate enough to teach you. The performances were funny, amazing and seductive; plus there was one every 15 to 30 minutes which got the crowd going - I could see both perspectives of having a great time or bad time but I think you have to try it out yourself. Either your the open type who loves to have a good time or your the type who just wants to "dance with your friends" ! Your in south beach, time to live a little and go party at a really great place! Mangos had it all - nice men, creepy men, great drinks, amazing performances, fantastic music and all of the above ! What an experience ! Loved it :)
Mango's was so much fun! The drinks were good and the entertainment was awesome!! I recommend anyone visiting the area to go to Mango's for dinner and entertainment. Get there early so you don't have to pay cover!
We rolled in VIP and got barely anything. For a 186 dollars per girl, we received appetizers, a bottle of Grey Goose, and a lap dance. A rip-off for sure considering we left extremely hungry, we couldn't finish our bottle because we didn't want to stay for any more entertainment, and the lap dance was the same one for every girl that got on stage (no element of surprise whatsoever)! A woman had told us at that our Bridge to Be that it would be a hoot for the "bride to be" but she most definitely was not impressed. This place is good for some innocent fun!
This is the place to come when you are trashed and was rejected at the door of some other club like Set, LOL. This is not the place to sit and eat, i feel bad for people sitting on the 2nd FL along the rail and eating as everyone else is rubbing their asses as they walk by and dance. But if you are in the mood for some spanish music and cant get into any other club then go there, they also have a room where they play hiphop....
Entertainment is great here... Food not so good would only return for drinks save your appetite fir somewhere else.. You will leave hungry our group barely touched there plates... Only food i liked was my chopped salad but my chicken plate was so dry and tasteless. The energy of this place is great, people were getting up to dance and boy can they dance. The entertainment was very good hot looking girls and guys on the stage and countertops. It was a great experience. Everyone in Miami is so friendly and welcoming. I can't wait to return for our next girls trip.
This place is pretty great! I would most definitely go again next time I'm in Miami.
After the fiasco at Fat Tuesdays, I finally told my Sister I couldn't take this place anymore and we decided to walk up to Mangos.  Of all the times I had been to South Beach, I never went it, but the music and dancers were always intriguing.  We went here at about 2 in the morning and there was a cover of $20.  I'm from NYC... that's the norm, so I paid and we were granted entrance.  I guess because we were Black, the hostess thought we'd have a better time in the R&B/Hip-Hop/Reggae room located on the upper level, so she grabbed our hands and led the way.  I wasn't mad.  The lower level was playing nothing but Salsa. The vibes in the place were totally different than from Fat Tuesday.  Probably because Fat Tuesdays was free and there was a cover to get into Mangos.  The attire, the crowd just the whole atmosphere was different and I loved it!  I got a drink and let loose with my sister for her 21st birthday.
After going to SET to start the night's bachelorette festivities, the girls and I went to Mango's.  Someone was told that it was a cool place.  Boy were they ever wrong!  It reminded me of Squid Roe in Cabo San Lucas.  It's a huge two-story place with gaudy colors, alcohol spilled on the floors, cheesy waitresses trying to sell you shots on a tray, and the clientele spanning from pre-pubescent to downright old, but all had one thing in common...NO class!  The main floor downstairs had a girl band singing Gloria Estefan music, which in my opinion isn't music at all.  The last time I liked anything she sang was when she was with Miami Sound Machine and that was over 20 years ago!  The upstairs was playing hip hop, but it still wasn't enough to entice us to stay.  We didn't have to wait in line, but the doorman made us each pay $20 cover, minus the bride-to-be.  Amusing that the higher-end club, SET, let us in for free, whereas this dump charged us $20 each.  We stayed a total of about 20 minutes and called it a night. If you like cheesy music, a cheesy venue and a place where a man your father's age hits on you, this classless, tacky place is perfect for you!
We had so much fun!!! Loved watching all the dancers! The bartenders were fabulous and gorgeous... Like all of them!! Drinks were awesome!!! If you wanna dance the night away this place is for you!
Loud Loud Loud! Even when you sit outside you can still hear the reggaeton blasting from inside.   The food was decent and you have plenty of eye candy as all of the female servers/dancers wear these skin tight catsuits which obviously do not require panties.  You are also in the heart of Ocean Drive, so there is plenty to see everywhere.  The drinks were big, strong, and expensive (typical of South Beach).  Doubt I would ever go back, but OK for a first experience.
OMG! FUN FUN FUN! This place is a ton of fun! No creepers trying to bug you, they just wanna dance. If you just wanna dance with your friends they'll leave you alone. This place is open all night and cracking off all night too. Check out the dancers they have too! Both girls and guys. It's not some nasty strip thing. I hate strip clubs but this is just some fun, professional dancers doing some awesome moves. Con: It may be because I am from California but the smoking was a bit much. I had to take a few breaks.
This place at first glance if u have never been looks a bit crazy...  well that's because it is !! Another place i can't seem to not , not go if i am in Miami. I always need to make sure i make it here either for lunch during the day or for drinks at night maybe before heading out to the clubs or if u want a somewhat chill night u can just hang here they r open late just like the clubs. they have a large menu which makes it a bit hard to choose i usually stick w a few favorites for appetizers the manbo wings r pretty good & so is the calamari nice decent dishes u can share. main course i like the mango's chicken al ajillo. this place is great to go w friends to hang out for a few get some drinks & catch all the shows. the entire staff is on like triple duty , they bar tend, they wait tables & they dance by putting on a show. it is so much fun to come here at night , relax have a few drinks & watch the hot men & women dance around in skimpy tight clothes ....u gotta love Miami :)
meh Tourist trap. Entertainment is all right. Food never mind.
On a Saturday night Mangos is where you will find all the samba, salsa, bachata, Michael Jackson dancing shows on Ocean Ave. Highly recommend checking it out if you are by the strip but just a heads up make sure you bring $$$ if you are looking to drink since it can be around $15 per cup. Cha-ching!
Just take a night and go!  Put your ego in check and you'll have fun.   The place is an all-around over-the-top spectacle with: - 2 hip hop dance floors - 1 salsa floor - 2 stages with live performances (salsa, impresonators, cuties and beefcakes) Eat beforehand (but not on Ocean Drive).  Take a taxi to get there or walk.   PS - this is not where "the beautiful people go" in Miami...lots of tourists and some locals, so if you're looking for the scene, hit up some of the other big clubs.  That said, probably an easy place to meet someone if that's what you're looking for.
This place is a staple in Miami. I celebrated my 26th BD here (a few moons ago) & I walked in the door the other day and it has not changed a bit.  It's a tourist trap BUT so much fun. It's always crowded but this place has a lot of elbow room to move around.  They make drinks that are doubles which always is great!  Plus there are a few rooms playing different music & a live band towards the back. Plus the staff always puts on a show as they dance and sing to different songs. Just a fun place to stop in!
Haaaaa! I love the fat chicks dancing on the bar that's for sure!!! It's loud, it's touristy and they suck you money! But FABULOUS PEOPLE WATCHING!!
We loved hanging out here, the atmosphere is true Miami.  The only thing that we didn't like was the overpriced drinks.   My man loved the scantily clad hostesses and especially when they danced!   We went twice on our short vacation!
HE, HE! BOGO HAPPY HOUR! This place is fun, the happy hour just pay double for one drink and they hand you two. That's okay I still had a blast and revisited many times during my stay in Miami beach, enough to become duke lol. As I travel back and from coast to coast I look forward to more visits at Mangos for drinks with my friends. The bottle service is affordable and the food is only 3 stars but the drinks and show bump it up to four stars. I recommend you eat somewhere else like News Cafe or Larios on the beach before you hit up Mango's for a drinks.
This place is definitely how should I say lively on South Beach. You can't help but see the dancers shake their stuff since it's an open bar to the street on Ocean Avenue. The drinks are good but EXPENSIVE. Usually I would get two good drinks on ocean avenue and then honestly buy your own bottle at a liquor store. You will definitely have the experience and save money in your pocket. No cover during the day but they start charging at night. So if you want to get in for free I would get there before 7:30PM. Definitely a place to stop by as your bar hopping. :)
The manager was super sweet and knowledgable. He really helped me out because he's also vegan so he gave me the run down. So I appreciated that. The server we had on the other hand was so lifeless and it seemed like it was a pain to serve us. We had to ask to have a glass of water after about ten minutes. He never came to check on us and the food was over priced. I ordered some salad (can't remember the name) it had really good flavor but NO lettuce smh. It was like some shredded lettuce from mcdonalds. It was so disappointing. I think I paid like $16-17 for it. What a waste. I should have just bought my own bag if chopped romaine or something. Also the bread that came with it was burnt and covered in jarred garlic. Smh. I swear it had butter on it too. Long story short don't come here to eat good and have decent service. Come for the drinks and shows. They may be good at that.
I have lived in Miami on and off, for over 15 years and have never visited Mango's until last Monday evening.  I would always walk down Ocean and feared for my life everytime I passed this jungle theme disco/restaurant/bar/?travelling circus?  I just never knew what the draw was but recently found out.  First I dont think you should go in there expecting much, it is cheesy but I dont think they claim other wise.  There is black lighting, cave men inspired costumes, way too old and out of shape dancers, drunk tourist women throwing themselves at the reggae band.  I mean what is there not to love?
I visited Mango's last year when I was on vacation and I absolutely loved it!!!! I literally went everyday, the food and drinks are amazing but best of all the ambiance was so fun I loved the music and the dancing. It was a really fun atmosphere the waiters attitudes could use some adjusting not very friendly and almost rude and abrasive but other then that I will definitely go again when I visit Miami!
Drinks were good, food was okay, and show was pretty good. I would probably rate it better if it was cheaper.
Came here a few times, my first time having lunch with the girls while strolling along Ocean.   Extensive food menu, and I don't remember eating anything extraordinary and the drinks were okay but the entertainment was AWESOME!  Who doesn't love pretty, sparkly scantily clad women dancing a top the bar?  When we went there was a series of skits and dancers: flamenco dancers, burlesque dancing, and show girls galore. It's loud, flambouyant, and so Miami Beach and they are all about having a good time!
What an ear and eye-sore, most importantly what kind of crack is the manager on and who is his dealer?! A hot mess of a place to go. if that's what you are looking for then venture in. My biggest problem was that we stood outside for 5 minutes while their pushy servers tried to get us to come in to eat, I see a sign that says 2 for 1 drinks...so we're like....ok that's a good deal, then he tells me "oh we're not doing happy hour today." Well then, take your table cards down that say that. A few people told me this place was a staple to Miami, and I fail to see why.
My friends and I visited Mango's Tropical Café at night after we were unable to get into a club because someone in the group wore flats (note: all of the top clubs in Miami require heels), and we had a blast! This place is fun--it has an interesting Caribbean jungle-themed interior. One room played hip-hop, while another room played Latin music. The crowd is diverse, and it's a good place to grab a strong, somewhat pricey ($9-12) drink and dance. When I return to Miami, I'll be sure to stop by here again!
Seriously.  THIS was the place everyone in Miami was raving about??  The place we have all been told to go on Ocean Drive?  First of all, no wonder all the sick, immoral men in the world loooove it; it is one nipple shy of a strip club.  Ladies if your man says he is having an innocent little lunch at Mangos.... ya, go and see for yourself.  The place is just grimmy as hell... it pretty much sums up our whole Miami experience!
Food? What food? Man I don't even remember what my ONION RINGS and BEEF SLIDERS (actually it wasn't bad once I got my ketchup) tasted like because I was too busy watching the show. These performers are AMAZING. I wish I could upload videos on here because I surely flooded my instagram with too many videos of what was going on at Mango's. It's lively. Loud!...but I wasn't mad. And the rump shakers on the womens....hehehe. ENJOY! (After 10pm you have to dress up a little bit. But please, go in the evening. Thats where the fun is)
Overall it was a good experience. I thought the food was good; however, it was overpriced. The server took forever. If you want to be a tourist this is definitely  a spot to visit.
The food was pretty good. the drinks were strong (so yeah)! the 20% auto grad thing was a little upsetting.  We figured it out since out bill seemed about $15 high. Service was ok at best. Not upset about being auto gradded. However, if the server is auto grading you I think they should either give you a detailed receipt or tell you. Just bringing a cc receipt with the bill, (blank) tip line & total (no detail) seemed deceiving.
I had my husbands 40th bday party here and it was for lack of a better word AWESOME!!!!! The staff was very attentive to my husbands every want and need. There was plenty to drink and the entertainment was outstanding!!!!!!!!!!! I was so happy that a friend recommended to have my hubby's party here. We live in Maryland so this was a leap for me to book and pay via email from a referral and looking at pictures on the Internet, but I am so happy I did. My entire party of 11 enjoyed the VIP area, show and food sooooo happy with all that Mango provided for that special day.
Sorry, but this place is deuche-bag central. As a local and walking by w/ friends visiting from out of town, the place looks somewhat interesting. They charged us each $20 to get it...that already turned me off. Drinks are South Beach prices, music was pretty decent but the quality of people going there was just all over the place. Apart from the Michael Jackson impersonator, I will never ever EVER go back or tell others to go here. Party-goers beware!
3 clubs in one with a fast line to get in. Hip hop, salsa, and top 40. Filled with locals and tourists alike so it's bound to be a great time. Live it up!
Yes it's one of those "tourist traps" and yes they over charge for drinks, but I have to say my wife and I had an amazing time here!  There was already a crowd when we arrived at 10pm, but we got right in and paid no cover charge.   Once inside we got ourselves a couple of drinks (a Michelob Ultra and a Chardonnay were $22...not so terrible considering where we are) and went straight to the dance floor.  The music never stopped!  The dj's and bands kept it fresh and the dancers were amazing...and interacted with the patrons which I thought was really cool. After several hours of dancing and a few drinks we rolled out shortly after 1am and the party was still going strong.   My wife and I would definitely go back to Mango's.  Sure, the drinks are expensive, but it's South Beach so we get it.
as a novelty mango's is worth one visit to see a cuban club without going to havana. the tips are already included in the drinks. they don't tell you that and a cover charge is atleast $5. the drinks are extremely ridiculously overpriced to which they add a service charge and then the barstaff still expect an additional tip. however they do a few cheesy shows and some dance performances, so worth a pit stop for 2 drinks when in south beach if you are a tourist. dont expect to see locals here
My first time in Miami and this was a great introduction to the night life. Mango's is a long standing institution that delivers a relaxed party vibe way into the early hours of the morning. The service was friendly and I felt pretty safe as the people i met were quite polite when asking for a dance. If you don't feel like dancing, dine and enjoy the lively entertainment. We came back the next day and tried their food, and I really liked the churrasco dish I ordered. The price of the entrees and drinks were consistent with SoBe prices. Anyway, when you're on holiday, bring yourself a good allowance. Yes, the food may take a while because this place is often busy, so order appetizers or a drink.
I love it pow!
Went to Mango's Restaurant on Ocean Drive in South Beach last Wednesday night with my family. Initially we were having a great time enjoying some drinks, a bite to eat and watching the nice performances. I should have known the night would not end pleasantly when my husband ordered a glass of water and was told by the waiter that they are not allowed to serve tap water!!  We all thought it was just BS, but we let it go as we were trying to enjoy ourselves while visiting Miami. However, before we finished eating our meal the waiter and bouncer proceeded to throw us out saying that the tables we were sitting at were reserved. Mind you, we had been sat there by the same waiter without any reservations just ~45min before!! In addition, there were 11 tables EMPTY outside and 4 other tables EMPTY inside AND we had not finished our drinks!!!! I have never been so ashamed of Miami hospitality IN MY LIFE! I never felt so unwanted anywhere! I will never be going back to that piece of crap restaurant! The food was mediocre and the service was terrible!
DO NOT have dinner at this place. We made the mistake of coming by for a bite around midnight and got a plate full of nasty. I ordered the hot roast beef with french dip. Sounds good right? You couldn't be more wrong. I got a plate of cold cut meat and essentially teriyaki dipping sauce. Nas-TY. We had no desire to go into the club which played nothing but salsa. I suppose this place is fun for some people, but for this crew of Chicago chicks, it was not for us at all. We headed over to B.E.D. which was a train wreck inside, but at least it played hip-hop and had some better looking people.
The food was horrible... I got the creole shrimp & chicken & the sauce was nasty! Not to mention cold.The shrimp tacos were also nasty, they used the same sauce. I sent my food back & got the wings. They were also nasty! The music was too loud to talk or even enjoy it! The waiter was nice though
Great atmosphere! Great food , great music, great place. Only thing It bothered me a bit. When I was eating outside. Many people walked right by my tables to get to the street. Other than that. Great place!
Always a good time. Love the decorations and the drinks it's so much fun when I'm in Miami I always hit up ocean drive and I never walk past this bar . I never eat here but I'm sure the food would be good. Drinks are delish and I smoked my first Cuban cigar here memories
Lower your expectation and be ready for a sweaty night with cocktails and cheap dancers on the bar and you'll have a great night. I've been here before and nothing changed. Especially good for going out with friends. They have a dancing area in the back and a more fancy table servive area in the front.
This review is for the dinner/show.  After reading other reviews, we decided to check it out. Got a seat on the second floor with a good view of the stage. This place is fun if you are looking for something to do. The service here was excellent, very attentive! Yes, the menu was a little pricey so we ordered a pizza($20)and sliders($12) to share + 2 beers & 2 Mai Tais came to about $95 including tip. The food and entertainment was good but eventually all the booty shaking and skimpy outfits got old and we were ready to go!
TOO LOUD& OVER THE TOP . I don't know what was worse the nasty mojito or our waiter who had on more makeup than me . The food was nasty and salty and took wayyyyyyyyyyy too long to come out to our table. The management might want to decide if this place is a nightclub or a restaurant .
Came here on a Thursday night for a friends birthday and there was a $5 cover charge, even before midnight. I'm not really into the spanish music scene, so we tried out the small hip hop room on the second floor. It was alright. I wanted to have a drink, but a Bud light was $8 and a Corona was $9.....I know it's the beach, but damn. Females: Be prepared to get hit on by countless of latin men If you're a lover of latin music, this place is for you. I probably won't be coming back, it's not my scene. However, I dropped my license on the floor and didn't realize till the next day that it was missing. I called Mangos to  check if they had it and they did. The lady on the phone spoke english and she was very nice. All I needed to do was bring in another form of ID to get my license back. 3 stars for their wonderful lost & found system!
Don't come here if you're looking for a real slice of the latin scene in Miami, whatever that might be.  The best way I could describe this place is a Miami version of a Vegas burlesque.  I was there on a Friday night.  They had dancers get on the bar with their cute little outfits and perform these very underwhelming booty shaking routine.  They even had a Michael Jackson impersonator replete with a whole MJ medley dance routine, which I thought was entertaining.  The dancing was good if you consider these guys had a really thin strip of bar counter space to work with. Oh, don't believe in the hype about the mojito.  Couldn't really tell how good it was when it came in a small plastic cup filled with ice, was done with it in 3 sips.  Plus it costed me $13.50 (WTF?!). The crowd was a mixed bag, mostly tourists and maybe a few locals.  I especially would not come here for salsa dancing, this place is just not set up for that.  On the other hand, if you haven't been to Vegas or to much anywhere else outside of your little town somewhere down south or the midwest, you might have a ball.
It's really hard to explain this to anyone american, but Mango's is a very amusing scene. You would typically find this in latin american countries for tourists. The scene is as follows... latin entertainment (dancing, lip syncing, and music) along with drinks and food (which I would never eat) in a super touristy section right on Ocean drive. This place is constant laughter, but also annoyances, as there is only so long I can listen to this type of music.   Cheese factor is 120%, so don't come here if you don't want a completely cheesy scene. Did I mention to avoid eating here (along with everything else on Ocean drive for the most part)?
Mangos was my favorite place when I was in Miami for my vacation last year. It's a great place to eat and drink and have a good time dancing. They have different rooms for different types of music and entertainment. Beautiful women, what more can you ask for. People complaining about the place don't like it, because it's a little tacky. Your in Miami, not your boring hometown. People stop complaining and have fun.
Stumbled across this place on our walk down Ocean Drive and it sounded like a wild party inside so we decided to check it out. We were going to get a table and were under the impression we would be seated in that initial area where the dancers were but the hostess was directing us upstairs to the club. We immediately nixed the idea of getting a table if we can only get one in the club which was empty, ghetto, and gross. I would never go clubbing here LOL Decided to just hang by the bar and see the show. The dancers were smokin hot - both female and male. There was this one girl who's behind literally looked like JLo's and Beyonce's had a butt baby on her rear-end. Probably fake but that Miami for ya! Enjoyed the fun atmosphere, drinks were reasonably priced, the performers were awesome. Really hott idea for a venue!
I wasn't really impressed with this place, maybe because I went on an off night.  If you want to feel part of the college crowd, come here.  If you want to stand in a long line and then pay $10 to get in, come here.  The music was just average to me, but the best part of the night was the MJ tribute performance done by three guys.
My wife and I received and drank plastic shards which were laced in a Strawberry Daquiri, which proved to be a dagger in our trip to Mango's.  Of course, we didn't drink the shards on purpose.   After the first gulp of liquid after a long day at the beach, we initially thought that they might have been thick pieces of ice, but upon inspection, the 1/4 inch long shards were everywhere in the cup. The management dealt with the incident horribly.  The bartenders confiscated the drink after we showed it to them and they tried to replace our drinks with the same drink.  I asked the manager for compensated drinks along with a refund and he agreed and then I never got a refund.  I had to ask for a refund a second time before it was received and then we were placed in the VIP area.   At that point, I began gagging on the shards that remained in my throat and we left the restaurant so that I could spend my night gagging on them some more.  I post this with the hope that others do not go through the same experience.  If it happens to you, consider keeping the cup and immediately calling the police.
Now this was a fun place!  Cover was cheap, drinks were great, and music was awesome.  They have a live band in back during the evenings and the sexy waitresses put on their best moves on top of the bars.  Definitely an entertaining joint.
This is a quick observation about the South Beach icon from a non-tourist. Not about the food but more about the scene, on a random Monday night I was entertaining two well traveled long time friends (or maybe they were entertaining me As I was ready to go I mean it was Monday)... But on to Mangos we arrived at about 11:30pm and  although I appreciate the music I certainly cannot dance  to well to salsa and meringue but I was impressed by the belly dancers and michael Jackson impersonations (singing as dancing).. I am well versed in South Florida nightlife and not much phased me but the vibe was truly non-pretentious because of the laid back mix of tourists an locals..  Generally enjoyable especially for a Randon Monday night on South beach .. Pricey but not astronomical and since it's been awhile I was reminded of the great Art Deco that fills the building . In essence tourist trap yes but the lesser of the Ocean Drive evils for a Monday especially !
Let's see, maybe I am just not into the whole cheesy, black-light, florescent, booty-shaking, dirty-old-man vibe of places like this.  Maybe having three daughters has tainted by whole perspective of the half-naked women dancing on the bar thing ;-)  Then again, as a tourist it was a GREAT people watching place and in some ways a "must see" while in Miami.  Still, you may want to save the cover and see if from the outside then go sit on the beach some more.
Good music, a lot of different options. I didn't eat food!?! I would go back for the entertainment. Saturday night was a good night.
You get what you get here at Mango's.  It's a wild party that never stops. The DJ blasts the hits then your waitress whose cleavage has been busting in your face is now dancing on the bar with the hostess and the bartender. Then the DJ pauses so the band can play a 30 minute set while you down mojotos and frozen margaritas.  Classic good time, my wife even had a great time and wanted to go back for the drinks and entertainment.  Mango's is a tourist attraction on Ocean drive and deservedly so.  Check it out, you'll have fun.
disgusting! I say that harshly as I can. I wanted to like this place. But it just such a dirty tacky place. Upon walking in we saw a flock of indians staring at this women and just standing there wasting space. I mean its a dance floor you don't just stand and stare. IDK if they turned off the AC but everyone and there momma was sweating up here. I think the bartender was retarded, I pointed at the drink I wanted on the menu and she kept going que? ended up not drinking and left this place early to hit up Clevelander! DIRTIEST PLACE IN MIAMI. Take it how you want to take it.
Can't say anything bad about Mangos. This is always a lively spot to have a drink , dance or do some dining for lunch or dinner. The mambo wings are awesome. It's kid friendly during the day so they can enjoy the live entertainment. Late night it's all about the grown folks! Voodoo room is always shakin!
Mango's should be called "The Vicious Cycle" since it serves up super expensive $25 cocktails that will make you want to go join AA, sober up, and find God. But it also serves up plenty of sinfully sexy fun that will make you want to relapse, over and over again. This place knows exactly what it's doing. It lures you in with awesome Latin flavored dance music, and it keeps you there with attractive dancers working it right on top the bar. I have heard of Coyote Ugly, but this place is Coyote Sexy. It's hard to keep your eyes off the dancing entertainment. The male dancers are ripped. The women dancers are blessed. And both have the type of hypnotic rhythm that only Latinos are born with.  The sexy dancers and their sexy dancing are a melting pot of sexy. You do not need alcohol to make the show look better. Trust. As much as there is eye candy on top of the bar, there is plenty of it behind it too. The male and female bartenders serve up watered down drinks with a disarming smile. When they look deep into your eyes and offer to make your drink a double for only $4, part of you just melts. You will be tempted to give them your entire checking account. And that's just the male bartenders. Imagine the pull the lady bartenders have. The eye candy extravaganza doesn't stop there. It's all around the bar in super tight outfits drink, dancing, and God knows what else the night away. Although I can't prove it, I am pretty sure babies were conceived that night. I was a bit out of place with a hoodie, t-shirt, jeans, and sneakers. But the bouncer let me in without a cover charge and lead me right to the bar. When I ordered my first $25 cocktail, I was so depressed that I felt the need to order another to make myself feel better about spending so much money on the first. Like I said, this place should be called "The Vicious Cycle."
We went there during the afternoon and had a blast.  The environment was upbeat with great live music and live entertainment who double up as your waitress.  The drinks are a little on the high end, as expected when you are in Miami.  Be aware of your tipping.  A lot of times they will automatically add a %15 gratuity to your bill without notifying you.
Amazing band. A great time. If you are like me, and LOVE Bob Marley, this is for you. I was hanging out at another bar on Ocean Ave in South beach when I heard the faint sound of "Could you be loved" I left my full drink behind and got to stepping. No cover! They let me right in to one of the coolest house bands in the world. I looked at a menu and thought about ordering an appetizer but opted out. The menu has a Caribbean influence and is a little on the expensive side. The place was PACKED. standing room only. I stood elbow to elbow with my dorky fellow American tourists and I felt right at home! The band played several sets so I cleverly tried to make my monster fruity Caribbean daiquiri last as long as they were willing to play. The band had GORGEOUS dancing girls who put on a great dance show towards the end of the night. At the very end of their performance, the girls did a sexy Cancan show. Good lord the temperature raised a good 100 degrees in there! This is the perfect place for my fellow tourists who want to have a great time and see a great band without breaking the bank. Locals, you are not too cool to come here and hang out with us either. *sings* "Could you be loved" "and be loved"
Definitely my favorite spot to hit up in South Beach without question. This is one of the first spots I hit up when first going to Miami over 5 years ago and always have a cool experience coming here. Good food, great drinks, good looking dancers and you can smoke cigars in there, NICE!!! The last time I went was not as great as previous times and the females aren't as talented as dancers as previous years but it is definitely still worth going to whether you're lookin for a spot to eat on Ocean DR. or just want to take in some South Beach nightlife.
0 stars... There are NO good looking people here...  I just want you all to be aware.  This IS a tourist trap.  Locals DO NOT come here.  We avoid it.  The food is awful and the service is slow.  EVERYTHING is pricey.   Why oh why, I always say....  Why does ANYONE come here?  But I guess to toursits, that must be what they envision of Miami....  Scantiliy clad women and men, in all kinds of form-fitting, unflattering leopard print spandex, dancing the night away to bad salsa music??!?  I think NOT! There are plenty of places on the beach where you can feel like you are getting the traditional Miami experience without having to feel like you're in a circus show.
Touristy and Cheesy, yes, of course that;s why you're there....Good food and a good time, so I definitely recommend it if you're on South Beach...
[Dedicated to Brian B. whose quest for the ideal woman just might end at Mango's.] Ay. Yi. Yiiiii. Mango's is what happens when I succumb to others' whims against my better judgment (I have very particular ideas, what can I say?).  In this case, my Foodie-Fabulous-SIL's Swingin'-Single-All-Man Cuzzo.  He'd been a good sport on a flavorful, fun-filled culinary adventure the night before at Sra. Martinez.  So I grudgingly relinquished control of our lunch destination to him, asking that he maybe consider taking us some place we'd never find at home in DC, or Cuban.  "Oh, I have the perfect place," he said.  "JUST YOU WAIT!" When we walked up to Mango's and were handed 20 page menus that contained everything from garlic knots to fish tacos, my heart sank.  Nothing I couldn't get at home, and the only thing Cuban on the menu was a Cubano sammie.  But the reason for Cuzzo's enthusiasm for the place was soon revealed: scads of shapely ladies clad in midriff-baring catsuits, rainbow-leopard-print unitards, or mesh-and-leather bodysuits working the door, bringing out plates, and generally decorating the joint with their come-hither bedroom eyes. The draw is most certainly not the food.  I had the Shrimp Tacos, which were fine but nothing special.  And the "black" beans were a gray paste I immediately pushed aside.  SIL had some Pepperoni Pizza Knots with (supposedly) homemade marinara that, actually, weren't half bad.  And Cuzzo noshed that aforementioned Cubano sandwich, a rather anemic looking version of that typically hearty treat.  Our server, while well-intentioned, was pretty slow and fairly clueless. So, yeah.  If you're: 1) a red-blooded male; 2) three sheets to the wind; 3) out and about at 3 am, Mango's is probably just the booty-shaking, bump-and-grind, shake-your-tail-feather-with-a-frozen-drink-in-­your-hand kind of spot you're looking for.  For on-point service...or lunch...or dinner...or food in general...I implore you to skip this place.
Umm, if you are used to places like 1Oak, then do not come here. Cabaret shows and two cheesy club dancefloors. People your parents age in there. Ugh
OMFG. Free passes and a round of drinks later, we were dancing and giggling at the circus show on Ocean Drive. It felt like a bad acid trip with 90's permed hair, leopard print camel-toed pants, and black light on tranny skin, salsing on tables and luring you in at the front door. It was entertaining for 5 minutes. Now please get me out of here.
So much fun and right in the middle of everything! I came here during spring break with my friends and we danced the night away. The place is spacious enough it doesn't get super crowded. Great for drinks/lounging or clubby/dancing.
Disclaimer - I am not originally from Miami but I have lived here for 8 years now. So I still view the place through the eyes of a tourist sometimes .... That being said, THIS PLACE ROCKS !!! Is is cheesy ? Is is overpriced ? Is there High Cover at night ? Yes, Yes. Yes. But this place is best enjoyed in the afternoon because there is no cover charge then and the service is better because there are less people. The food is pretty good for what it is but is is high brow bar food. How would order a steak in any other night club anyway ? The live music quality is based on what band is playing and they have 6 regular and rotating bands. I suggest Saturday and Sunday afternoons while the Reggae ( not reggaton ) band plays - you get great show, good service and food then. My Tips: 1. Come before 8 PM miss the cover charge 2. Drinks are $$$ but if you ask for an extra shot they will be strong 3. But you drinks at the bar and tip - the extra shots will be free 4. If you have a Group of 5 or more ask for Mojito room I happen to like big booty women dancing in spandex and drunk tourist chics who like those dudes dancing - it makes for a good time and better " hunting " Plus since I am not a great salsa dancer  I look good compared  with all the pasty white tourist from up north and Germany. Go Judge for yourself and if you want come with me -
Great place to dance! I don't hold up a wall when I go to clubs so I liked the music at this place. Went on a Wednesday night and the place was packed! Good music, two floors and three separate sections. Drinks were not good though, mostly ice and weak. Haven't tried the food but I wouldn't go to a club to eat. Eat at a good restaurant first then go dancing. Place has a good vibe.
If you're craving a taste of the island vibe with a touch of Latin flava, Mango's on Ocean Drive is the place to be. Fun Caribbean atmosphere filled with reggae music, salsa dancing and gourmet grub. Think Brazil Carnival in Miami! The women are phenomenal, everyone is beautiful and ready to party!
Boring boring BORING! Ugh what a dissapointment if you are planning on dancing all night, do not go to this place, yes the shows are fun blah blah but you expect it to be different, there's so many bad things about this place. The drinks are ridiculously over priced i mean $13 for a miniature margarita?!! Which tasted disgusting anyways; the guys that go there are losers who can't even dance so is an embarassement And don't get me started on how bad the music was! It was terrible they kept playing Michael Jackson, who wants to dance to Michael Jackson?! I don't think i'll be returning there any time soon
Entertaining for sure and good happy hour prices for some seriously stiff drinks. Even at 7pm on a Monday, the place was mildly poppin'. Someone even spilled some salsa on the bar; yelp.com/biz_photos/c2ti… They have 2-for-1 drinks that are 90% alcohol during happy hour, and I'm certain the place just gets more raunchy as the night goes on. But I still feel like Hollywood (CA) lied to me about what to expect from South Beach. It was not like what I saw in the Birdcage.
This is a great place to catch a drink and to check out the HOT Latin chicks dancing on the bar.  It's really fun, great music and they have Salsa bands in the back area.  On the weekend it can get REAL crowded though.  I remember getting into the VIP area once, which actually sucked, stay in the main room.
Great spot to take 1st timers in Miami! Latin music, dancing on bars, but not Cowboy Ugly style, Latin style, and it turns out to be an all out good time. Be careful an afternoon drinking for two and your looking at $100 + bill. What I like: Amazing dancers, eclectic atmosphere, all the walls are painted floor to ceiling and the drinks while they can get a bit pricy are about right for Ocean Drive. What your really there to see are the amazing bodies of the dancers. Athletic and agile, the girls want to look like em and the guys want to be the ones dancing with em. Both are most likely not to happen but for an interesting stop on the beach you can imagine one way or the other. A must for a new comer to SoBe.
If you are a tourist looking to experience South Beach, this is worth a stop for appetizers and drinks. There's both female and male dancers doing the salsa on the stage, so women shouldn't be discouraged from going in. The appetizers are very reasonably priced for SOBE.
Mango's is not my scene at all. It's loud, drinks are sugar bombs and served in plastic cups, and the hostess tries to convince everyone walking in the door to pay for bottle service. But you know what? I had a blast here. The entertainment ranged from hot chicks lip synching to, eh, more hot chicks singing and dancing. Hmmm, I think I know why I liked Mangos so much...
Being a tourist, I was told about this place and thought it would be real cheesy.  I had a great time, fantastic music, good crowd and a staff that is all about a good time.  The staff is pretty much scantily clad as you would expect from Miami.  They charged $10 cover Saturday night and stay open closer to 4AM.  Drinks weren't too expensive and the party was rocking!
Who names a drink "Awe yah yah" anyway??? umm..  I found out quickly this afternoon...  "Aweyahyah"....b/c everytime you take a sip of it, the scantily clad waitresses make that noise and cringe "Awe yah yah".   Oh Mango's is such tourist joint in South Beach...but I love spending afternoons here for the kick-ass live brazillian/gloria estefan/spanish live music.  Love it.  The drinks are stiff, the women are hot, and the and I'm a sucker for live music anywhere. Beware of the "aweyah yah" drink...you'll be crying aweyahyah the next morning.  Don't say I didn't warn you.
u gotta go check it out.  its super cheesy but watchin them dance is just too much fun. $10 cover charge. unless u have the local "in" card.
Butt implants. Call me naive but I didn't realize they existed. Until three girls got up on the bar, part of the rotating guy to girl trio show that happens pretty much all night, and one was showing them off. The dancers and waiters all wore neon leopard print attire and when they got up on the bar - they were pretty good dancers - at least always interesting to watch. So the scene is equipped with mood lighting, murals, dancers on bars, drooling guys or girls staring at them and tourists attempting to dance. I thought I was going to a salsa club - my one night in Miami - but on Monday there wasn't a salsa dancer in sight. So I drank lots of Mojitos. Lets just say, I haven't had one since that night due to the painful next morning. However - I don't know that anything like it exists outside Miami - in the US at least - so i appreciate its wild flavor. Also, the bartenders were nice.
Where to start...... This wasn't my first visit to Mango's but definitely my last after the fiasco that unsued on Monday June 21st.  An unnamed person in our party was trashed and took a cab to Mango's.  Upon arriving curbside he realized his wallet was missing.  So he gave the cab driver his Iphone for collateral.  Of course some ass in the bouncer/club group decided to intervene.  The bouncer wound up with the cell phone while this person went to hotel next door to borrow $20 to pay $12 fare back and retrieve his phone.  Knowing this person was young and drunk they "threatened to have him arrested"!!  They (not sure if other was an actual cop or posing) took him across the street and threatened to beat his ass if he give them the security code for the Iphone and didn't leave without the Iphone. He left.   Next morning he told me everything that happened and I told him that we were marching right over to Mango's to get the damned phone.  The Sr -vice president of operations checked the safe (where we were told ALL confiscated materials are put) and lo and behold it was NOT there!  I informed mr sr vp of ops that we were going directly to file a theft report and then off to tv and newspapers.  I reminded him that he now employed a thief!  Needless to say the phone magically appeared within an hour or so.  When we went back to retrieve the phone the owner, D Wallack, started to attempt to bully this person again asking him if he realized he was almost arrested last night and how Mangos came to his rescue.....BLAH BLAH BLAH!  BOYCOTT MANGOS.  So many more interesting and reputable clubs in SoBe.  Save yourself the aggravation of any possible shady bs!
SO MUCH FUN!!!! The vibe and people was so energetic! The reggae band that played was awesome and the lead signer kept coming to our table and dancing with us while he sang. Great performer and really new how to get the crowd all excited and have a good time. Girls and guys that work there are very good looking with perfect bodies! Geeeeez! Loved the routines and dances all throughout the night. This place isn't a posh, classy, stuck up joint. It's a flashy, over the top, glow in the dark everything with lots of booty shaking type place. Totally fun! This place is a MUST to visit if you are visiting South Beach. Highly recommend it. Lots of room to dance and just an overall awesome time. Would love to go there again!
South beach's nightlife start here!! Amazing fun at this tropical dance club! I've been to south beach twice and I always have to stop here, this club never fails to entertain me! Great music, fantastic dancers (sexy too!!) drinks are good but a bit pricey (well worth it though). If you are looking into having the time of our life in Miami...Mango's is the place to be!!
Obnoxious. One word is all it needs. Mangos is highly overated. I only went to humor my boyfriend who was trying to give me the "Miami experience." If Miami is cheap, tacky, and over priced, then I guess it was acurate.
This place is usually for an older crowd. Probably 25+ They have live bands and a dj. The waitors there are nice. This place is fun to dance salsa or latin music.
Must see while in South Beach. Super cute place! A few of our local friends told us to stay away, but I think it was totally worth the trip. We came Sunday during the day and were in awe of the talented dancers and singers, constantly a show. We were able to get a table in a viewable distance, but the music made it hard to speak to each other. The food portions are pricey, but also large. We were able to share 2 entrees between 6 people. The chicken nachos was large and tasty. The blended drinks were tasty, but small.
I heard a lot about this place,but when I've been there(may 2010)i'd expect more.. maybe cause I went during the day for lunch...I don't know,.. food was okay... nothing special....
Going to Mango's is like taking a trip to South America minus the passport plus the conveniences of the US!  I've been to Mango's 3 times and loved every visit.   I travelled all around the world (US, Canada, Asia, Australia, Europe) and have never been to a place like Mango's before.  It's truly unique.  This place is so fun, exciting, and jam packed with energy and great top 40 and Latin hits! The menu didn't look particularly interesting to me as there are so many great choices of dining just on Ocean Dr.  Drinks were a bit pricey, but nothing out of ordinary, especially in SoBe.  A mojito is $15.30 with the tax and gratuity included.  However, if you like tropical fruit flavored drinks like me, this is the place to go!  There were so many varieties that it's hard to choose from all the great choices.   The first time I came here was in August 2012 on a Friday night after 10 pm.  We paid a $10 cover charge.  The 2nd and 3rd time I went to Mango's we came on a Friday and Saturday night around 9:30 pm and they let us in for free!  At first I thought they were pretty strict regarding the dress code, but my husband wore shorts (with a nice dress shirt, though) the 2nd time to the club and he got in without any problems.  I also saw some men that were casually dressed, even in beach wear (tank tops, flip flops).  So despite having a dress code, I don't think they enforce it very heavily.  I would suggest to dress nicely, though, as it sets a good tone and atmosphere for a great night.   What I love about this place is that it's a place people of all ages can enjoy.  I've seen even children (they must've arrived before 6 pm when people of all ages can enter; afterward it's only 21+) here.  I've seen people who look like grandmas/grandpas shaking and having a great time tearing up the dance floor.  I would say most people look like they're in their mid thirties.   The dancing here is spectacular is it's true that the staff are the stars of the shows.  One moment you'll have someone bartending or taking your order and a minute later they're on the stage busting out with fabulous dance moves (hip hop, salsa, cha cha, robotics, etc).  The majority of the staff look like they should be starring in telenovelas.  I have never seen so many hot men at once before.  LOL.  Lots of supersexy and talented dancers.  They are very professional and really know how to work the crowd and show everyone a good time.   My only complaint, being that I live in California, is that Miami is really far from me!  I wish we had places like this in California, but having Mango's on Ocean Dr in SoBe is what makes Mango's unique.  For now, I look forward to my next visit, hopefully my birthday next spring!
Loved the live entertainment and uniforms,  went on a monday and it was still cool drinks are a bit high but on SB everything is, when i hit florida again i will re-visit.
Stopped here for a drink at about 4:00 p.m. on a weekday and had a couple of the 50% off cocktails. Bartender asked my GF if we wanted a drink in an 8oz or so plastic cup or in a hurricane glass that was maybe 12 oz. She picked the bigger glass . . . with the tax and added on tip it was over $24 for two HALF PRICED drinks! Yes, the woman are hot and dressed in skin tight outfits but the prices are ridiculous. Not sure how much the "half priced" beer was but I'd probably stick to beer if I went back. Plus, I'd recommend paying for each drink order as you get it so you aren't surprised at the end of your visit
For Latino lovers... not for me!
While the entertainment and dj at Mangoes was great, they were very unscrupulous with regards to their pricing. They charged me 18% gratuity as a "service charge" and a tip on top of that. They also had a hospital donation of .25 cents. Is it unreasonable to be asked if I want to make a donation or not? The Miami vice cocktail was also a disappointment. I'm not sure if I will return or not.
Just went again recently and fell in-love again.  Yeah the place is a cheesefest, but it is also a South Beach land mark.  Fun crowd and reasonably priced.
This place can really get you with those "buy 1 get 1 free" deals... and I'm using the word "deal" VERY LOOSELY here. Like any other cheesy tourist trap, they're going to try and house you when it comes to pricing. This seems like a must-do if you're in South Beach and I really didn't see the big deal. There was the "buy 1 get 1 free" deal going, so I decided to go for the mango mojito. The drink was great. My party and I were served quickly and we had our drinks in no time. I enjoyed it very much and I can never complain when the bartender has a heavy hand. Lots of ice though. Too much ice. Almost too much to compensate for the fact that there was hardly any drink in my glass and just ice. We came into Mango's about about 2pm and the dancers were out on the tables. Mind you, it was only 2pm so the outfits were a bit more conservative than usual and the dancing was not as raunchy, but still raunchy to an extent. It was cool- not exactly my scene, but it was entertaining. After the dancers had done their thing, there was a live band playing. In the midst of all this, our waitress kept checking up on us and made sure we got our fill when our first drink was done. She did a pretty good job with waiting on everyone, so I was pretty happy with the service. Anyways, so the live band was out and they were pretty good. They did covers of songs and I think they had a couple of their own songs too. It was an R&B, island-type vibe and it was pretty good. I was serenaded by the lead vocals at one point, and needless to say, I was trying not to break eye contact with my boyfriend while I blushed. Mango's is cool. It's an experience to be had once you're in South Beach, but I don't think it's a must-do. It is a cheesy tourist trap, so if you're willing to pay almost $50 for a "2 for 1" "deal" for two people, then this might be for you. If not, I'm sure you can find some less cheesy spots in Miami that will give you just as good of a drink for a fraction of the price.
Not the greatest service until we bought a bottle, but great food and amazingly classy entertainment! We would definitely recommend anyone go there to experience the dancing. The staff was a blast, and my husband had the best burrito he said he has ever had. I had a Cuban pork sandwich, and it was delicious.
Two Thumbs up! My first time in South Beach, Miami was for work. I was staying a block away from the beach in a 'below average' hotel (separate review). On my first night, I had no idea where to eat! and 'ugh', I was SUPER HUNGRY and jet lagged! I was sitting in my room contemplating on where to go  when an TV advertisement for the "BEST MOJITO" in South Beach at Mangos caught my attention! Hhhhmmmm??? Really??? Is it that good? It was 11pm, I was still in my pajamas ready for bed and hungry! I googled the location and surprisingly it was only a block away from me! YES! Got ready in a few and dragged my hungry butt there! It was a thursday night so I expected the place to be some what mellow. I was SO WRONG! hahahaha. Even on a weekday this place was alive! I just missed dinner but i was determined to get something to eat, so I begged the manager if they can make an exception. With no fight or arguments, they agreed and I was able to order the best "Fall off the bones" BBQ Ribs I've ever had! and my MOJITO! While I sat and enjoyed my first meal in South Beach, I was entertained with great reggae music and lively counter dancers! What made my night was that all these expenses were all work related! LOL Two more Mojitos Please!  And YES! The Mojitos here were that GOOD! Recommendations: ("Fall off the bones" BBQ Ribs) Tender, slow-cooked, bbq loin back ribs, basted with our special BBQ sauce and served with a delicious homemade Cole slaw and fried seasoned potato wedges. Offered in full rack or half rack portions! (Cuban Mojito recipe) 1 teaspoon powdered sugar Juice from 1 lime (2 ounces) 4 mint leaves 1 sprig of mint Havana Club white Rum (2 ounces) 2 ounces club soda Check out their menu for yourself! mangostropicalcafe.com/c…
Mango's is a must go on South Beach. This place is always sexy, no matter what time of the day you go there. Service is great. Drinks little pricy, but worth it. Spend most of my nights there any time I come to SoBe. I love it's Latin music. So go to Mango's you will not be disappointed
Is this place a joke???? A friend took me in and I thought it was a joke. Maybe I didn't understand the concept, maybe it would grow on me. The only thing that grew on me was my strong buzz and disgust for this trashy bar. It was a step up from a strip club. It had all of the signs of a strip club. Creepy staring guys... Check. Tacky music... Check. Scantily dressed girls shaking it... Check. The saddest part is there was a birthday party with children... Are you kidding me. Hey look little daughter dream big and don't work here... PLEASE!
This is a restaurant & lounge, not a dance club in case you yelp'd for that.  They have live entertainment where the employee's sing and dance for you.  Its 'ok', but not dance music.
All I can say about Mango's is Welcome to Miami.  A place that I like to say is a cross between Miami & Las Vegas definitely knows how puts on a show.  If you are looking for quality dinner go elsewhere because this place is all about the nightlife and atmosphere with a who lot of half naked servers. Drinks are far from cheap so bring your wallet because the awesome entertainment &  eye candy isn't free people.  3 rooms to dance in with music from salsa to hip hop this is definitely a place to get your groove on.
Im from Chicago and went to Miami almost 2 weeks ago. My aunt and I stayed at Princess Ann Hotel on Collins and 9th. On our last day, we decided to check out mango club. I heard great reviews about it. We had an awesome time! We just went for the entertainment. The drinks were inexpensive. And the entertainment was the bomb!
We went here for some nightlife on our last night in Miami. On a Wednesday night, it did not disappoint. - Lots of pretty, pretty people, but also lots of D-bags. I thought I left those behind in Los Angeles! - EXPENSIVE drinks. THIRTY DOLLARS for a double vodka redbull. We agreed that for paying $30, you should be able to pour it all over a beautiful woman and lick it off. - Tacky-yet-fun atmosphere - Lots of hip hop, top 40, dancing, and fun people. Great place to make friends. - No cover on a Weds night Don't make this your destination for the night, but get a hand stamp and you can always come back.
A total tourist trap but that doesn't mean I don't love it. After living in Coral Gables for a year, it's a shame I didn't uncover it earlier.
Yikes.  the douchebag to normal people ratio was out of control here tonight.  Maybe this is the typical miami free to enter spot so why not bring on the 500 guys that want to come hang out here.  I couldnt even last more than 30 minutes before I turned to my friend and said there is no use for us being anywhere close to here.  The dancefloor had 25 guys and 4 girls.  I dont know the exact number, but that probably isn't far from the truth.  This is a cool venue if only there were no people. I think I missed the boat on this place by about 2 years.  Maybe at one point in time this was a great place but they let this place go downhill fast if that was the case.   And seriously, whats up with the overly agressive, disgusting prostitues that hang outside of this place on the street that follow you and make comments how much they want to hang out with you.  I was assaulted by one.  So gross. So glad im back in NY... even though I just traded cubano guidos for hipsters.  fair trade?
I'm a fan of the bright colors, the atmosphere, and their mojitos and chopped salad. What I'm not a fan of is our server. I asked for regular water which I always thought would come in a glass filled with ice, but what instead came was a cup of ice and a bottled water. I didn't open it because I wanted to verify with him if this was what regular water was. Instead, he stopped by and opened it and poured it into the cup so I thought that was OK. When the check came, I was charged $5.00 for regular water. I complained and even wrote a note on the receipt about informing customers of getting regular tap water vs bottled water for $5. I was very disappointed that they did acted nonchalant and didn't even bother to take it off the receipt. I felt the server could've smiled more and be more patient when we were ordering. If I know his name I would listed here so that you can avoid having him served you, but he was a tall hispanic man with shaved head a bit of a beer belly.
Dropped in here based on a recommendation from a friend. We sat outside. I didn't like it. My 2 other friends weren't very impressed either, I think. I ordered shrimp cocktail for 18.95 and all I was given was 4 shrimp :-/ ???  Now, I fully understand the concept of tourism and seafood pricing, but this was a waste. Their cocktail sauce was ketchup. There was little to no horseradish at all. The shrimp were huge though! This was potentially the only saving grace, they were actually prawns I'm sure that's how big they were. I didn't order an alcoholic drink. I got a virgin drink that was average nothing to brag over and clearly so because I can't recall the name :-/. We could hear and see the live entertainment from the TV screen by the entrance and they were awful. I wouldn't have wasted my $5 to go inside. If I was drunk then I wouldn't have cared, but they couldn't carry the notes, the dancing was horrendous, and it was just mediocre. I'm not sure why people enjoy this place. I think it's over priced and hyped up. Being loud, wild, and crazy doesn't always mean good and I think that's what or how people are confusing this place. If you go to SOBE try it yourself and see, but heed the warnings. There are many more places just along the strip that can offer you the same drinks and better food. It seems their gimmick is their weak and lame "entertainment" if you can even call it that.
This place is a tourist must-see. Pretty much the tackiest place on earth, but in a fun way. Totally fun, upbeat, interesting...just a great place to hang out. And holy crap, they have the best tostones I've ever eaten.
Talk about a tourist trap that I love! Gives you a bit of latin flavor that you don't get in the surrounding areas. Yes there is a cover charge.  You can go outside but have to back in the way you came. You walk in and there is a stage in front of you, latin singers and dancers, which was fun and contagious. One bar on the first floor and then another on the second. The bartender was very nice and took pics for us while we took our shots, the prices weren't too bad and the drinks were decently strong. One room was nothing but hip hop, dark with tables around. The other room is hip-hop/latin flavor, where the dj walked around and was interacting with everyone, loved that. This is not a place where you come to hear all the top 40's all the time. Overall, a nice place to get your salsa on and just keep it casual.
Mango's is fun, but it's a place you can go after you are already bombed. I have been going there for years and I think they still have the same spilled liquor on the floor since the first time I had been there.
Funny place.  Basically the "Papa's & Beer" of South Beach for all of you southern cal.  A lot of different fruity drinks and they have signature fresh Mojito's.  I had the best one of my life here. The best part is all of the severs are dressed up and throughout the night they get up on the bar and dance.  Its pretty fun and interesting at the same time. If you are in South Beach, you really need to stop here and have at least a drink.  Its worth it just for the people watching.
In town only for a short week, ended up here on my last night, just to say I did go immerse myself in some night life.  The place has dancers performing and the usual hottie bartenders.  No cover, which is probably the major draw and drink prices that were very reasonable by Miami standards, but when we got the bill, there was tax and tip included, but even with all that, it came out a little over twenty dollars for two drinks, which is apparently around half of the regular cost in the more chic real night clubs in this area.  Besides these financial calculations which always seem to be the background brain activity for me, the place was pretty cool and even though I did'nt really like the scene, have to give it four stars for their over all ambience and accessibilty for the 90 percenter's out there.
Mango's is one of my favorite clubs on the beach and probably in Miami PERIOD! Mango's is ALWAYS live!!!... In the MAIN room: this is where the majority of Spanish music gets played. There's a stage where you can see singing and/or dancing performances by the employees (half-naked men & women) and/or local acts. YEA YEA some of the costumes and shows are cheesy but it's ALL about having FUN here and keeping the crowd entertained- which they ALWAYS do!! In the VOO DOO room: the DJ spins the BEST Reggae tunes and a lot of booty shakin', 2-steppin' tracks. The MOJO room: is for the Hip-Hop junkies (like me).   What I LOVE about Mango's is that EACH room is filled with partygoers of ALL ages and races and EVERYbody "GETS ON THE FLOOR"!! (J-Lo voice). The drinks here are good BUT expensive as HELL!! Sometimes I wonder if the price includes the TIP. Because of this I always PRE-game (drink before I get there) that way I'm already feeling good and I only need to buy 1-2 drinks as oppose to my usual 3-4. The food is VERY good here too!! Going to Mango's GUARANTEES a great night! Going to Mango's GUARANTEES a great night!! SO true I just HAD to say it TWICE!!
Happy Hour special = $10 mojito.  YIKES!  Luckily we each only had one!
Hmmmm, I think I'm still on the fence about Mangos. Overall I like the concept, but each time I have been there so far, there have been really cheesy performances on the stage. The first time I went here (last year), it must have been gay stripper night. There were a bunch of overly juiced-up guidos frolicking in green zebra print leotards, grinding all over the place....Ummmm, seriously?! I'm sad to say that that just does not do it for me. The second time I went here (this year), it looked like there was some type of video ho auditions for a hip hop video; mind you Jim Jones and Rick Ross were here, so it is very possible that there may have been auditions. Unfortunately, this doesn't do it for me either. The drinks were pretty strong but there were a whole lot of vaginas both times I came here. At least the vaginas were attached to beautiful women though. Still, it would have been nice to see at least one hott guy or two. I would probably give Mango's one more chance next time I go to MIA.
Dinner and a show? I stopped in this place for only a half hour early in the night, but could imagine how much fun you can have here in one night if it does turn into a free admission club. That's alright with me. I definitely will be returning.
la la la la la la BAMBA! I love Mangos! Mi Amor. My BFF Antonia used to work here as a bartender/dancer! When I'm in Miami its my spot! The people are friendly & flirty, the drinks are strong and tasty & the patrons are hot & sweaty! Its always good to know people that work here, because its always good to know people that work at the Miami hot spots! So channel your inner saucy Latina & pppaaarrrttyyyy!
I came here on a Friday night just to check it out.  $5 cover, which is pretty standard in my book.  I didn't see anything special about the place and was not a fan of the black lighting downstairs so I spent the majority of my time at mango's upstairs.  The drinks were not as strong as I prefer them to be but the dancers were fun to watch.  If I come back to visit, I wouldn't make this place a priority to go to.
I went to Miami for 5 days and once I dropped by this place, I made it a regular stop every night. It was by far my favorite place! - Gorgeous people here, especially the staff! - I met so many men here; people approach you here.. very friendly. It's not pretentious. - Non-stop entertainment: live music and dancers - It was always lively and fun - Great drinks, food, and good prices.. try the Cuban Mojito - Fun atmoshere & decor, and very latino - It's free in the day and only $5 at night My favorite part during my first trip to Miami was the bartender.. "Krushed". He was so attentive and sexy.. and went above and beyond the call of duty. :) Mmm Mmm Good! That boy is a player but suave! Don't believe his BS ladies..he is a dog. woof woof. One thing that tripped me out was the bathroom attendant.. crazy voodoo lady! I swear she was doing some "brujeria" on me when I didn't tip her after using the mirror! I didn't touch her stuff and she still insisted that I tip her. When I said no, she freaked me out with the crazy chant she was doing. If looks could kill.. I'd be dead with that evil look she was giving me! I complained to the manager and he hooked us up, which made our night!!
I know what you're thinking, there are girls in animal print, and everything is really colorful, the food must be awful and the drinks weak.  I do not blame you because that is what I thought as I was dragging my feet but we were terribly mistaken.  Mangos is not just a restaurant, not just a party with great live music and cute cheetah dancers but a party for my taste buds... Yum seafood platter, fish tacos, huge salads and tasty strong mojitos, I am in love and fairly buzzed.  You definitely get the best of both worlds at this Miami strip restaurant, not to mention the service is top notch too (thank you Anthony!).   I left with a skip in my step and a huge smile on my face and that is how I plan to return to Mangos next time I am in town.
We accidentally ended up here but were so happy we did.  As a "quiet married couple" not into the club scene it was quite the shock to be greeted by girls in scantily dressed leopard printed onesies....but hey it's Miami Beach.  The music was awesome, beer is reasonably priced and there is so many staff milling about that you really get the sense that you're in good hands.  Fun, fun, fun and it was only a Tuesday.  Please note the guy beside us was asked to leave because there are "no tank tops for guys" after 10 pm as they have a dress code.
This was the first bar we hit up for walking Ocean drive. It felt dirty in there. I think the live music draws people in but I don't think you can stay in there very long. Get your drink, sip a little, do a little shimmy and on to the next bar. Drinks were way strong and expensive. I felt like they used the cheapest alcohol to make my mojito. Bleh.
Oh, Mangos.  You were almost a winner... In all my undergrad years partying on South Beach, I steered clear of this place.  There was always a mass of people at the door & the scantily-clad women just didn't appeal to me.  But as host to a hot-blooded young man visiting from out of town, I figured Mango's would be good as an intro to the South Beach experience. More from nostalgia than anything, I really enjoyed the feeling of being transported back to a Samba school in Brazil.   The live music and dancing was spot on!  I got so excited, I ran to the bar to order a Caipirinha! *record scratches* To my horror, I watched as the bartender poured a splash of Leblon and filled the cup up w/ SODA WATER!!!  NOOOOO!!! Me:  "What is that?" He: (sputtering)  "Oh, just a little soda water." Me:  "There's no soda water in that drink." He:  "Yes there is.  That's how they're made in Brazil." Me:  "No, there isn't.  That's not how Caipirinhas are made in Brazil." He:  "Yes it is.  I'm from Brazil, I should know." Me:  (laughing at his audacity)  "Honey, I was there last year.  They don't make Caipirinhas like that in Brazil." He:  (again, sputtering)  "Well, no, they don't use soda water.  That's just something that we do to give it an extra kick..." Insert uncomfortable silence as he hands me the check and silently dares me to pay.  Not wanting to cause a fuss, I pay it - I KNOW, I KNOW - and am left with a drink I'm not happy with.  Longer story short, after he snakes away from the area, I flag down another bartender who agrees to remake the drink but then charges me for it!  I should've left it on the counter and not paid AGAIN but I didn't want to sour my friend's time.  She got a nice and very polite tongue-lashing from me, I tell you that much. Mango's had it going on until the bar fiasco, which is why I'll still give it 2 stars for the music and dancing.  After my experience there, I won't be back.  With a $10 cover charge and bartenders hell-bent on stealing from customers, it's just not worth it to me.
I had the worst drink ever here. It was too strong and horribly waaay too sweet. It was expensive so I had to force myself to drink it.
I go to Mango's only when friends from out of town come to visit...this is a must for tourists.   The music is ok - but too much bachata ...and I can't really dance...so I need merengue because I can shake my rump and pretend I'm doing something.  Anyway, back to Mango...live performances - some dancers clearly have fun with their jobs...others clearly need to pay tuition.   This isn't really a place to come to eat...it is a dance place... at least WTFS (Wednesdays, Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays ...not What The FrenchieS) ...I've had drinks-but you have to keep an eye on the bartender to make sure he/she actually puts liquor in the watered down drinks.   On Tuesdays there isn't a cover ...and I guess that is why they get three instead of two stars. Well...I don't really have much to say about this place because it is an ok place - but if tomorrow they closed down, I doubt I'll even notice.
Mojitos at Mango's are to die for...but since they were carding during labor day I was unable to sneak my sister and her friends in. :-( Great club but if you are not over 21 with id and ready for a great night then just stay home...or slide down the drive for something that will not be as good as Mango's ....check my review of Clevelander.
I was in Miami for the first time with my best friend and were told about Mangos. The entertainment was great, the live dancers were amazing. The drinks were pretty good too. I had a passionfruit mojito and a Caipirinha. My friend had a mango margarita which was a little too sweet, but maybe I am being bias since I am half Mexican and we can make margaritas. I ordered a ceviche which was delicious and had mango pieces in it. The only thing we did not like was that they charged us an 18% tip that was mandatory. So we ended up getting drinks and an appetizer and it was almost 80$ which was ridiculous! The price for the food was not worth it. They told us it was a mandatory fee because many people do not tip so I guess many of the restaurants on ocean drive do that now, to me it was ridiculous especially since we had to wait half an hour to get our food. Other than that I had a great time dancing. Upstairs there are two rooms one with hip hop, rap and reggae and another with Latin music. Such a fun dance club, but beware the 18% mandatory tip with food not worth it food wise!
Whoa!  Not at all what we had expected.  I had heard a lot about this place and had been told it was a must see while in Miami.  We didn't dine here, but only went to check out the night life.  For those of you considering it - let me help you out: Don't go!  Females get no service from the bartenders.  I wonder why?  When you finally get your drink expect to pay a lot for it.  The dancers are more than a little scary.  The black light is over the top.  All in all not somewhere I'd ever return to.
This place is, quite frankly, absolutely disgusting!  It is nothing more than a glorified cabaret, at best.  It is the epitome of all things that are wrong with SoBe-- ridiculously expensive yet horrible drinks that couldn't pass as margaritas even if you gave them to the drunkest skunk in the place (my mom had to ask for them to be re-made by another bartender and they were still bad); half-naked trashy women; half-naked men; female performances that could pass as a cabaret any day; smoky and gross atmosphere; disgusting trashy tourists committing acts that should never see the light of day; bad pop-y played out American music; stereotypical salsa rhythms, half of which no one would ever actually listen to by choice; all in  all, quite the terrible experience.  I really wish I could WASH it off of myself! The only reason I even give this dungeon one star is because the Michael Jackson performers were wonderful!  They put on a great show and were very talented.  Five stars for that.  If you enjoy the other trashy performances, then the 10 bucks for entry is worth it.  It's probably the cheapest cover in SoBe, ranging from free to 10 bucks, depending on the hour. For me, I'll never set foot in the place again.  I feel like there's so much slease-osity in there that it just might be contagious!
i don't understand how people can even give this place 1 star.  it's horrific.  kind of like a train wreck... i walk buy and stare but can't turn away. kinda reminds me of that place "south of the border" on 95 in south carolina, except more slutty. haha, the adult "south of the border" supposedly the girl are smokin' hot... but yet again, i'd really like to disagree with that statement.  eeek!  take away the pink & green leopard print spandex attire and the fluorescent lights making their teeth green, and it's still a mess.   everyone says mango's is fun if you're drunk... i don't think there's enough alcohol in the world.  i'll shut up now before some trashy out of towner hits me over the head with his bud.
I freakin love Mango's.  Yes it's a slightly cheesy tourist trap, but guess what?  I'm a tourist! :) Mango's is a must-see every time I'm in South Beach.  The dancers range from astounding to hilariously awful, but it's always incredibly entertaining.  I've been here with girls and guys, and it's always been a blast.  The music in the rooms upstairs is great, in case you want to shake your booty too.  The virgin pina colada's are really good btw. My tip:  come around 10pm for the table-top dancers, get your hand stamped, go elsewhere and come back around 2 or 3am when the upstairs gets packed.
Cheesey unabashed fun.  I was wary of coming here. Something about the full-on leopard bodysuits, the marketing towards tourists, and the long line made me want to run away. But, guess what? This is a really fun place in an awesomely kitsch way.  After waiting in line, a really nice woman clad in head to toe leopard print and leg warmers led us upstairs to get drinks. After a mojito and some tooters, we were set. The voodoo room plays mostly hip-hop and it is fun to dance and to try to avert your eyes at some of the raucous dancing going on.   On the balcony, you can get a good view of the shows. These dancers work really hard! And I have to say, bring on So You Think You Can Dance here.  It's Magic Mike meets Pussycat Dolls meets tourist-geared salsa shows.  Downstairs, get your reggaeton or bachata on.  There is a variety of music here to meet most people's tastes. Even my dance averse husband had a great time. This is a great place for a bachelorette party. And it seemed like there were plenty here. Some looked like they were having a blast. Some looked miserable or bored. My answer? Get that girl another drink and dance your off.
This place has changed quite a bit over the last couple years that I've been going. As a local, I'd probably have a different perspective than an out of towner not used to the Miami lifestyle. This place is good for tourists and for bringing out of town guests who want to get a flavor of the Miami Latin culture. They overcharge big time for drinks, which is the norm in South Beach. And don't bother eating here because the food is mediocre at best. One of the best things about this place is the men that work there. Thank you Mango's for giving something to the ladies!! You can go anywhere and see half naked girls, but to see guys like that, oh yes... I like ;) I would have given this place 2 stars if it weren't for the men! The crowd is mixed in age. If you go earlier, it's more of an older crowd. Go after 1:00am and the crowd is younger. Young ladies beware. You will get stared at and hit on a lot by creepy men. Go with an open mind and lots of energy. Go to see some good eye candy. And go to have an excellent mojito. If you're on vacation you won't mind paying the price for something tropical and delicious to complete the experience that is Mango's.
hottest women ever shake them booties guuuurls!
When all else fail go to Mangos... Mangos plays top 40 and hip hop... The trashy people and tourist makes for a great experience.  I knew when she got on stage to dance with the male go go dancer that she was going to do something to get attention, but to see her sideways smile as her blue dress just happen to keep riding up was just unexpected.  It was not a very pretty one either, but somehow I couldn't turn away.  The bouncer slowly got her off the stage and then she passed out. Awesome right? Anyways...go to Mangos get your stamp... go in and out ... and have fun.
A place that turns heads when people go by since usually there's good-looking people in minimal leopard-pattern clothing doing salsa on the center bar countertop.  I think it adds to the vibrant experience of Ocean Drive.  If you haven't been to Miami before, walking along Ocean Drive at night will not disappoint (people watching).  Otherwise in terms of being a cool "ultra" hangout, ocean drive is the wrong street.
First thought walking by, WHOA!!!!! It is definitely a tourist spot! I love live singing, dancing and the whole theatrics of the show that the workers put on. It is loud, flamboyant and only for people that are interested in getting down and having a good time. While the drink prices were out of this world, the entertainment was so great that you don't even realize you're pay $55 for 2 drinks!!! They have the waitresses were these costumes that leave little to the imagination and serve shots with flashing lights on the bottom and you can keep them, the shot glasses NOT the ladies!!! I had a blast and whenever I'm in Miami I will hit up my favorite tourist trap!
Pretty wild place on Ocean Ave in South Beach Miami. The mojitos here are very tasty and reasonably priced. The food and appz were just ok though, nothing to write home about. Overall a good spot to people watch and hang out for drinks and a show. They have dancers inside, or you can sit outside and enjoy the ocean breeze and the Miami heat!
We asked a local body guard where is a Cuban restaurant on south beach. He recommended Mango's. We checked the menu when go there. It doesn't look like Cuban to us at all. Also it's so smoky and loud inside. There are several bikini top girls standing at the door to allure people in. They have $20 cover to get in. Is it a night club? A real restaurant doesn't have a cover. Definitely for all dressed up people and fake breasts.
This place has enough reviews already. But as a supplement to them all. I had one of the best nights of my life here. Do yourself a favor and experience it firsthand. The performers were all dead sexy and the music  was enlightening.
We wanted a club where we could get our groove on...so not knowing the area we asked where to go, and were sent here. We stuck it out since we walked all the way out here from our hotel and were getting all sticky from the humidity already. The entertainment there is the best thing of the whole club, I would go just to watch them again but not if I have to pay! You walk around under black light in the upstairs rooms which is not flattering at all. Men are ugly there or at least the night we were there. Too be mean...I requested Dr. Dre/Ice Cube/Tupac and some WEST COAST rap (I was so damn tired of all that reggatone) and I got so happy to hear "CALIFORNIA LOVE"....As I was going to the dance floor, it miraculously cleared. LMAO!!! No one wanted to dance to West Coast music!!!! WHATEVA...I was having such a good time with my girls, smoking on a cuban cigar, having a drink and dancing the night away reppin the WEST! Don't waste your time here...keep walking.
Me and my fiancé went to mangos and we had a great time. The food was great and so was the entertainment.. the ladies were cute and drinks were good price for south beach. i have been to mangos many times in the past and it is still as good as it use to be. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to see live dance and wants to just drink and dance. the people who dont like this place are probably a bit snobby and dont know how to have fun
Went on a girls trip to Miami, first time ever for all of us.  I agree that this a must see if you're ever visiting south beach!!! We went all over the place checked out practically every single bar and club and this place was the best!  Such a complete surprise from when we first walked in.  You know why this bar is so great? Because it is sooo much fun and very entertaining you really feel like you're in Miami and there's nothing else like this there.   The bartenders/staff are so nice, not to mention gorgeous, and the fun part is watching them dance all night.  They do dance routines and the energy is great, also made good drinks.  Their drink menu is huge and it was busy every single night.  Whether you are a group of guys or girls regardless you'll have a really great time. Miss it a lot can't wait to go back! :) We need a place like this in Chicago stat!!
Place is Hawt!!!! Prices are very expensive. Pre game before you come here.
Mango's Tropical Cafe is somewhat like the Clevelander in South Beach.  This is another place to  check out while you are in town.   The music of choice is Latin Music, There is a small stage where people could dance, it was wasn't to packed when I went, but definitely beautiful women all around.  There is no cover to get in, they too have performers, but performances was not as good as the Clevelander.  Overall still a great place to check out.
I love it, the hours, the environment, the music, drinks, everything. The price could be lower though.
Actually went inside this time---and I loved it. It's a SIGNIFICANT difference between the Mango's experience from the outside and the experience on the inside---live entertainment, good music, and good food! AND this time, my food was warm. Ordered the "Ocean Burger" with their "signature" onion rings...delicious! My nonalcoholic drink was good too...something called Sunset blahblahidk Now I feel like this is the only place in SoBe that I don't mind paying gratuity  for because you get live entertainment while you eat. Two for the price of one! Who can say no to that?
Disclaimer - I  did not eat here but had considered it until I walked by. Blaring loud music and scary broads dancing on a stage inside. Yikes.
I had the most fun at Mango's during our trip to Miami. The place is vibrantly decorated with flashy colors and blacklights, there is a live band performing Cuban style music downstairs, fun boys who won't hesitate to show you how to salsa, hiphop playing upstairs, and a very lively crowd! The dress code is very casual--we went on our first night in and didn't want to dress up so we put on our bright yellow/teal/fuschia casual clothes and fit right in with the decor. There is a $5-$10 cover, but we ran drunk past the bouncer so many times in the next few nights we were in Miami that he got to know us (and reenacted what he saw of our drunken adventure for us) and was very nice to us and let us in free. :)
Wow, what a disappointment. We heard this bar was fun. but soon after entering realized it was all about making money. After paying $10 cover each, we were ushered to a ridiculously high priced bar with $20 jack drinks. The entertainment was just okay and the drinks were pretty lousy. Find a more original bar while in town,
Cheesy. Over-the-top. Fulfilling stereotypes. FUN. i've lived in Miami for a couple of years and I still go to Mango's from time to time (though, admittedly, usually when I have visitors in town). The place is fun- not very pretentious, unlike everything else in South Beach. Expect a wide variety of music, leaning heavily on the Latino side (salsa, merengue, bachata, reggaeton, samba, batucada, conga). Expect a lot of entertainment (dancers on the bar, "live" bands, shows every hour or so, ranging from brazillian samba to cuban conga to michael jackson). Expect a lot of tourists who have not idea how to dance to most of the music being played. Expect to leave feeling positive feelings!
Hey checkout this joint the dancers looks nasty, ugly and dirty looking...just nasty from 3rd world countries. Hooters waiters looks way better. Just dont waste your time here.
If there is one touristy place you want to splurge on for some grub, Mango's is the place to go! You are lured inside by the pretty women in animal print costumes and the hypnotizing beats of live music.  Once inside, however, the process of getting a table here is...tricky.  There is really no hostess waiting to greet you.  Instead, you kind of just wait near the entrance, try to make eye contact with someone who looks like a waiter, and then hope to be ushered to a seat.  Being from the Bay Area, this felt a little shady, but it all worked out in the end. The food here is so-so, but what makes it must-see is the entertainment!  Every so often, waiters and waitresses jump on the bar and start dancing!  I saw hip hop, I saw salsa, I saw cumbia!  They are just so talented!  The positive vibes are contagious!
Went for dinner at about 10pm.  I didn't go too heavy on the dinner, but the food that we had was good (not the reason for my 5 star rating though).  The drinks were good.  The environment and the dancing were fantastic.  Warning - not a family dinner place, as the dancers are in somewhat revealing costume.  Giving it 5 stars for the entertainment value, as a must experience this place...  The food and drinks were good.  Really liked the chocolate extravaganza dessert.
Dancing bartenders? Two for one happy hour? Yeah, I'm in. The name caught my eye while we were looking at the Art Deco buildings, and then the scantily clad girls in cat suits roped me in. I didn't eat there, but the drinks were yummy, and 50 Cent playing inside with the girls dancing onstage was pure entertainment. Sweet.
The Caipirinhas are the best in town, being an avid caipirinha maker myself. They are strong and delicious. The food is just as delicious. If you go there at night to party, you'll have a fun time enjoying the shows, although it tends to get too crowded for my taste.
If you are looking for a bar/club full of rude bartenders, this is your place! I was sitting at the bar and nodded at the bartender to get his attention (the way you do at every loud club). He made eye contact with me and then I asked for a vodka and diet coke. He then gave me a rude look and literally turned around and walked away. I would also like to point out that he wasn't busy. There were only about 5 people at the bar and I was the only one without a drink. Every time we went to get a drink we were treated like an inconvenience. Second thing, the ladies bathroom attendant is quite possibly the meanest lady EVER! She yelled at my friend (before she could even open the bathroom stall door) for dropping toilet paper on the ground! This place got one star simply because the entertainment is really fun to watch! That's it!
Love this place! so much fun! My 1st time to miami, I went here twice! Great entertainment! Beautiful people!
GREAT food for a hangover. Great food in general, actually. There's always something to look at here. Everything is so colorful and there's so much going on at any given moment. Live music entertainment, crazy spanish music, waitstaff dancing up on the bar, porn-star-esque costumes and clothing... It's great! One of the things that I like is that the front of the house is so open that there's always a nice warm/cool breeze (depending on the time of day/night) flowing through this place. Most places in MIA are like that, but with this place in particular, it's really noticable. It's like you're practically sitting outside no matter where you actually sit. I heard the nightlife here is spectacular as well. Drinks and dancing and people watching, oh my! You gotta check it out. I think most people, whilst in Miami, DO check it out. It's a must. Gotta love Ocean Drive! There's always something to do there!
Hot girl bartenders in skimpy outfit double as even hotter dancers in skimpier outfits as they get up on the bar and let loose. Gotta stop here in South Beach. Grab a mojito, or four.
Great live music, no cover during the week.  There are several levels to this place, including a hip hop level hidden upstairs in a corner room.  But opt for the live band downstairs, highly entertaining as the singers are top notch and have a great energy!  The dancers are also fun, both on stage and around the club.   Drinks are reasonably priced, average $8 for a mixed drink.  Sadly, I wasn't impressed by their version of the capirinha (BULLMOOSE).  Maybe it was the bartender, maybe it was the type of brazillian rum they used.  Either way, not my favorite. Nice place to go to if you're barhopping with the crew.
This place was bangin on a Saturday night.  It's center on the strip and busy at nights.  When you walk by the sexy ladies & guys  in animal prints try to pull you in.  We got pulled in, and sure glad we did.  We had our fill of Pina Colada's  and Daiquiri's which were average priced for Miami.  There was a small cover charge that night of $5 and it was Reggae night.  The live Reggae band was awesome.  After that was over, they played Salsa and Latin music and the sexy ladies got on the bar to dance.  This place got packed by then.  They also had tables where people were sitting and eating.  I didn't try their food but I'm not sure how people manage to eat with booties and boobies swaying right next to them.
Ay que rico! This is the phrase I picked up on my latest trip to Miami and it most appropriately applies to my visit to Mango's. As silly and cheesy as Mango's is, I have to say, it's a must for anyone visiting Miami. It's loud, flamboyant, and ridiculously silly. The prices are comparable to everything else on Ocean Drive, but the service is on a whole other level. The staff wants you to have a good time. They want you smiling, they want you tipsy, they want you to be entertained, and they assume you have ADHD. About every ten minutes or so a new act comes on and performs hits from some genre in the last 30 years. Even if you opt for the outdoor seating the performers make sure to come out and dance a little for you so you don't feel left out. The food is surprisingly delicious. (Who knew a restaurant could juggle so many things and still serve a good dish!) I had the the steak burrito. Huge, filling and left me with zero buyer's remorse. I'm usually disappointed with the food on Ocean Drive, but Mango's is worth the price. And when the check came I was happy for once that the tip was included, because it was well deserved. I wouldn't spend time here at night, because it seems a little silly to experience as an actual bar. But it's a great place to go for lunch, sit outside and enjoy the view of intrigued tourists walking by. I can't say I would come here again but it's something everyone should experience once.
Think...a Cuban Hooters.  And that, that is just fine.  The best Cuban sandwich I've ever had and great service.
It's definitely not a place I would suggest to spend a night.  Not a bad place though for a cocktail (mojito or daiquiri) and maybe a snack.   Mango's seemed to me to be one of the better people watching spots on Ocean.  The girls tend to slow more people down in front of the bar due to their A. outrageous outfits B. dancing and C. curvaceious bodies in general. I originally had Mango's down for 2 stars for the food/prices, but they get an extra bump for being one of the best people watching venues I've ever been to.  Grab a drink and a seat outside.
Always a fun time. Sexy (cheesy) dancers (male and female) host, serve drinks, then get up on stage and really dance the night away. The drinks are pricey but very strong. This is a great place for visitors AND locals.
OMG Mangos reeeks SOBE hispanic culture in every aspect! I walked in and Immediately  wanted to start speaking espanol You have your dancers on the bar (literaly ON THE BAR) as soon as you walk in a live band in the back and you go upstairs and their are two clubs on both sides with your typical top 40 hits Mangos is seriously a must when you hit sobe you feel like your in Latin Ameica AND they party untill the crack of dawn si se arma en MANGOS
If you want to get that Cuban flavor, you must stop in here for a drink while barhopping on Ocean Drive. This bar is fun, casual, and the salsa dancers on tables are beyond entertaining.
Hot hot hot dancers on stage. The fact that they can move their hips and thrust their pelvic like that makes them hotx3. Came here to celebrate a girlfriend's bachelorette while in Miami. Most people come for the show, but we got the dinner and show combo. Dinner: Came with a salad, entree, and ice cream. Salad was okay, but the entree was horrible. I went with the Shrimp Scampi, thinking you can't go wrong with pasta. Boy, was I wrong. It was so lemony. I ate just enough so that I wouldn't be hungry anymore. And they forgot to give us our ice cream. For the food, Mango's should be given two stars. But... The Show: You just can't stop watching them dance. The show alone gets four stars. As a special add-on, my girlfriend was asked to come on stage with one of the male dancers. I won't go into details, but let's just say she couldn't stop talking about him. Definitely a place to hit up for a bachelorette, but only after you have dinner elsewhere.
I didn't think we would be able to find a great club/bar on a Tuesday night, but boy was I wrong! Mango's was packed with people dancing, drinking, just plain having a good time. We grabbed some shots and the bartender was pretty generous. Nothing to really complain about, everyone I was with had a great time and some had to pay for it in the morning, myself included lol.
This place is amazing, the energy, the entertainment, the food I give it all an A. I'll recommend it to anyone who comes to Miami. It has different rooms with different genres upstairs and the live entertainment downstairs. Awesome!!!
First bar we visited in Miami Beach, and I thought it was great!   When we first arrived, there seemed to be a bit of confusion over the cover (the guy at the first door told us $10/person, but when we got to the front of the line they said it was only $5/person) but it was cheap, so no biggie.  Inside there was a good amount of area to sit in (we found a nice table in the back upstairs area that we got to ourselves) as well as a good sized area for dancing.  The music was mostly latin-american sounding (at a latin-american bar, big surprise, right?) and they had live dancers on a stage up front, which I thought was pretty cool.  Also, if you didn't want to be right up front with the dancers, you could still see them on almost all the tv's, so I thought that was pretty cool.   So the atmosphere here was really cool and engaging, but onto the drinks.  I can't remember exactly ALL the drinks we had, but I thought they all tasted great.  The only issue I'd have was that they were pretty expensive.  Each one as at least $15 (except a pitcher of sangria, which was about $40 for 4 drinks) but at least they all tasted pretty good. A great place to go to dance and party, but watch out for expensive drinks (and pre-added gratuity).
Muy Caliente! Mango's is the best to be for get together with friends and drinks that ROCKS! There is so much energy & excitement! The stage heats up with live performances. Dancers perform to Latin & Caribbean beats shaking to bachata, meringue, salsa, and even a hot Michael Jackson stunt by the guys. Did I mention how incredible the female/male dancers keep in shape??!!! (after all, they don't call it the South Beach diet for nothing) Wow! This place is vibrant and fun, even the bartenders will get you to mingle and dance. I love the flashy colors and cheetah stripes theme!!! Our bartender served us key lime/mango mojitos. We figured since we were having such a good time, we got a pitcher of sangria. The drinks are amazing! The florescent/glow-in-the-dark lighting makes any light color clothing pop esp white ((it can detect and trace lint on your shirt). If you get there earlier before 10pm, it's free admission. Afterwards, there is $10 cover charge to get in Mango's. One last note, drinks already include tip on the bill.
This place is definitely a touristy place. Sometimes they have a line out the door, but it's a pretty large place so I'm not sure what if the line is just to attract people. It's entertaining with all the dancers, good for people watching. You should check this place out if you're out in Sobe for a good time.
My friend said to me, You Got To Go, girl, it is a wild wild world there! At 1130pm, 4 hours later, I yell him back, No, Man, It Is Moulin Rouge. Oh Yeh... I had great time. Awesome drinks flowing, dazzling dancers shaking their bodies right in front you, ear-deaf Reggae music rock my soul out. Too many things going on there and you got to be there to feel the craziness. Be there a bit early at weekend to get a seat that closer to the stage/bar (we were there 730pm Saturday evening). Bouncers are there to protect the dancers and they are dead serious. Don't mess up with them.
I love Mango's. I always stop in for a drink when I'm town. Live music, hot dancers and a good time. Mango's is a place that everyone should go to while in South Beach.
Loved it! The atmosphere is high energy, and the dancers are awesome and talented. We went in April 2011, and got bottle service. We also got appetizers of different finger foods which were okay. It wasn't spectacular, but good when you're drunk. They have dance rooms upstairs one for hip hop and the other for latin, but the music in both rooms sounded the same to me. The best show of the night was the MJ tribute!!!!!! I am a die hard fan and loved that. However, the people that just wanted general entry had to wait in a long line wrapped around the building. If I would not have gotten bottle service I would not be waiting in that line. Very fun spot to go to dance, and none of that selective crap they do at other Miami clubs. It is very touristy, but we're tourists! Definitely a place to check out.
Had a great time, hands down one of the best spots in South beach. The performances were good and drinks were pretty strong. The only thing is the drinks were very expensive, but hey thats MIA for you. If your visiting Miami def check this spot out.
I love Mango's! After 8pm, this place starts to turnup. It transforms from casual restaurant to crazy club. Different music plays in different rooms, always a live band, and people are just friendlier inside. I danced around this entire club with the waitresses, bouncers, and the customers. This club just makes you feel good. Food is great, but service can take a while if you come later than 6pm.
We went here Saturday night over Labor Day weekend 2012 and had an absolute BLAST! Every night they're always playing fun music and the vibe seems awesome so we decided to go in and it was probably the best choice this trip. There are three different rooms, the main room plays a variety of music, one room plays old school and one room plays hip hop. I loved it! The drink prices are average for Miami and the atmosphere is very Brazilian party-like. Well, as much as I know about a Brazilian party, ha! They def play off the tropical part of their name. I have no complaints and will return. Highly suggest that you visit for a fun night of dancing. There didn't really seem to be a dresscode nor were they picky with who they let in. the cover was $10 and well worth it!
You must come here if you're in South beach Miami. It's super cheesy but it oozes Miami. Toned beautiful bodies in skimpy neon colors, fish nets and furry go-go boots.   The bartenders often take turns dancing. So they are dressed really skimp as well. Or is that miami in general? I dunno. The girl dancers sometimes cross the boundaries of looking sexy and looking like a strippers. The guys are buff and very serious about their dancing to a point you're questioning their orientation. The best dancing I saw was from the couples who did tricks. Now THAT was worth watching. If you're there for a special event make sure to tell one of the workers so you can get special treatment!
Lots of dancing/singing on bars. Weird blue lights. However seems like a fun place to have a few drinks. We came in and had a few drinks and danced a bit, but overall, just had an OK time.
Well, if you want a happening cheesy  and touristy place on Ocean Drive, Mango's is the place for you. At night scantily clad women and men await you at the entrance to lure you in if the loud music already doesn't. The place does get packed and crazy but it has cheesy written all over it. Bottom line: Lively place to drop by once to get a full South Beach experience at night, but this place definitely doesn't fall into the ultra hip and cool list of South Beach.
The food was pretty good bar food - extremely large portions.  $10 cover.  Lots of bikini clad dancers/waitresses who get up in between waiting to dance on the bar.  The place got very very packed by the end of dinner so we went upstairs to the Mojito room to try to dance but it was so crowded and hot we decided to leave.  For a group of girls, we would have liked to see the male dancers more than just twice in a 4 hour stretch :)
Cancun Knock-Off Several people from back home recommend this place as a great place for Latin music on Ocean Dr and since I stayed a block away I decided to pay it a visit. The first thing I noticed was the chaotic atmosphere the place emits and girls dress in bright glow in the dark costumes that look like they just stepped out of a Brazilian carnival.  But like flies, I'm also attracted to bright things and ignored the warning signs. Once inside the band was playing some classic Latin sounds while the "entertainers" dance on top of the bar.  The whole set up of the place looked and felt like a old Disney ride.  It instantly gave me a flash back of Coco Bongo in Cancun minus the charm.  Also, the staff there was the rudest I encountered on that trip. The main reason I go to Latin places is to dance, but the massive crowd made it nearly impossible.  Very tourisy. I don't know if I would stop by again.
Hilarious performances and only a $5 cover = a not-too-shabby place to spend a couple hours on Ocean Drive!
We went to mangos for the lunch happy hour and had a great time. Half off drinks. Ordered the calimari and chips and salsa. It was good. But the atmosphere was great. Dancing girls, performances, live bands and constant acts. We left for a dinner reservation, but were told to come back with the receipt and we could skip the cover. We tried somewhere else, but ended up back in mangos!!
I like Mango's. I like the crowd, I like the music, but I dislike the prices of drinks. But what can you do, you're on Ocean Drive .
Even on a Monday night, the place was packed. The band was great and the camel toed girls dancing on the bar were awesome! The drinks on the other hand were a little pricey around $11 a piece. I didn't like mine that much (mango something). We didn't try the food. I would definitely hit it up again if I ever am back in the neighborhood!
Amazing place, great entertainment. Sat outside and enjoyed the music and people. Food was slow coming out, but was well worth it.
Hands down, one of the best clubs I have been to EVER! You gotta visit Mango's and party if you are in Miami Beach! We partied there not once, but twice during our 4 day stay at Miami Beach early this year. Getting in was the easiest thing ever. They do have lines if you decide to come in post midnight. If you get in before midnight, it's around $10 to $20 depending upon which nights you go. We ended up shelving a little more to get in since we went on a packed night. BUT, get in touch with a nice waitress and become girlfriends with her, you are sure to get a free drink (which is a blessing, since prices for alcoholic beverages are through the roof in Miami Beach) Speaking of waitresses, these are some of the nicest and non-snobby girls you'll meet. There's a whole carnival atmosphere in the club. The waitresses and waiters moonlight as dancers. Girls, you might wanna go here because the men strip down to pretty much nothing and are good eye-candy :-) Guys, the same applies to the waitresses. They have salsa and samba performances too, which are enthralling. The alcohol is priced the same as everywhere else in South Beach. Expensive!! But totally worth it. The club serves coconut rum shots with every drink you purchase. There are 3 different dance rooms. The lower floor where most of the performance are held plays Latin american music. The 2 dance floor upstairs, one plays current hip hop and the other plays reggae. The crowd is decent. You'll find a mix of older people and youngsters. I wouldn't bother much about the crowd. Everyone's out to have fun. Surprisingly, the bouncers are pretty nice! My husband and I had 2 nights of fun here. Makes me miss SoBe right now. Would we go back? Hells yeah!! :-D PS: Guys, you can walk-in wearing shorts :-D
Fun place, great atmosphere , multiple rooms, 2 floors with dance floor on each. Beautiful women working the bars and floor. Maybe $10 cover, $9 red stripe at night might as well stick with liquor. Had blast returned twice during our stay.
This place is awesome! Was here in May with 3 friends. I'm gonna take the credit for bringing us here since none of them have reviewed it. There's so much hype and tons of other places to go on a Saturday night in Miami; but this was our 3rd (but not last) stop of the night - and our favorite! $10 to watch hot boys and girls salsa on the counter, totally worth it! Do not leave Miami without stopping here.
When I think of South Beach and partying, Mango's is always the first thing that comes to mind.  It is an exceptional place to party, I partied there for 12 hours once, from 4 PM to 4 AM.  It was simply non-stop enjoyment.  I don't think it's cheesy at all, juse enjoy the mojito's and keep the party going.
I knew I would love this place as soon as my friends told me to check it out. Is it over the top cheesy? Yes! Do the locals despise it? Most likely. Is it a shit show? Duh. Every tourist town needs a place like Mango's and I am so glad I stopped by to check it out with my own eyes. There are black lights everywhere and neon like it's going out of style. The bartenders and waitresses wear these silly neon leopard print skin tight pants. It's awesome. Silly little artwork adorns the walls and cool tile mosaic prints cover the bar. They have a laundry list of frozen drinks, mojitos and other fun fruity cocktails. Everyone here is drunk and pretending they know how to dance. It's greet people watching and I love it. Mango's has been one of my favorite spots so far. It stands out from all the other places on the strip that are duplicates of each other. They all have live music and dancers on the bar. It was pretty cool! Check it out if you're on Ocean Drive
Mangosss was a lot of fun!!  Loved watching the dancers on the stage,.   Enjoyed the music.  We had the Calamari when we were there, cooked to perfection.  Drinks, mojitos, miami vice, were great
I had a HORRIBLE experience here when I recently visited South Beach. My friend and I were looking for an after-dinner bar and were drawn in by the lush tropical vibe and loud salsa music.  BIG mistake. My friend and I both ordered rum and cokes at the bar, from different bartenders.  My friend was charged $8.  I was charged a whopping $10.  (seriously?)  I asked why I was charged more.  The trampy blonde who served me said she used Bacardi 8 in my drink, even though I did not ask for premium rum.  I told her that was totally dishonest, and that I wanted a normal drink with the same price as my friend's.  Trampy then proceeds to TRY TO TAKE MY DRINK AWAY and pour it out.  She did not correct either the drink or the price, or apologize for gypping me.  The worst part? They INCLUDED THE TIP automatically in the price, so I couldn't take back the bitch's completely undeserved tip. I don't mind tourist traps, but I sure as hell mind when dishonest c*nt bartenders try to take advantage of non-locals. I am only giving the place 2 stars because of the talented salsa band and delightfully cheesy (albeit bored-looking) table dancers.  The bar service is rude, shyster SHIT.
Yes, the decor is loud...and a bit cheesy but man, I LOVE the energy in this place!  Plus it doesn't hurt that you're in South Beach!!!  Mango's is a fun atmosphere with lots of drinking and dancing!  We sat outside and we were able to go in and out of the club whenever we wanted to go dance!  There's a couple rooms upstairs, one playing hip hop and the other was techno or something different!  lol.  Downstairs is pretty much where all the action happens!  The whole latin vibe is pretty cool!  Loud music, half "nekkid" women ...and men dancing on the table tops!  lol.  Good times!  It's definitely a stop you need to make when in Miami.
Scantily clad hostess didn't speak English and couldn't answer any of our questions; Food was mediocre at best and very overpriced; Drinks were small, overpriced, and my drink got made incorrectly twice before I decided to just drink what they brought me rather than expect what I ordered.  The entertainment was ok, but considering our view was directly above them looking down, we were not able to fully enjoy it.  We stayed for a few hours and were astounded to receive a bill for over $200 for two entrees (shrimp tacos & skirt steak), 6 drinks, and an automatic 18% gratuity added (for a party of 2, seriously?!).   I will not be back and will not recommend this to anyone.
This place is a lot of fun!!  Everyone is so full of energy you will not get bored even if you don't step out to dance.  I ate here once but it was not that great son I mainly go for the music.  I'm not the best dancer but the energy that gets transmitted in this place just makes you want to head to the dance floor.  A few times throughout the night the staff get on the bar and put on a show, fun to watch cheesy outfits.   If you're looking for a place that is always alive Mango's is the place to go.
We love this place. While on vacation a year ago we caught the show while eating at our table outside. This year we made sure we arrived in time to catch the show from the inside.  We were greeted and seated by the hostess in the Balcony where we had a great view!! The menu was awesome I highly recommend the blacken salmon sandwich,  the drinks were also good.
On a Saturday night the cover was $5, not too bad.  This place is loud, crowded, crazy, overpriced, and delightfully tacky.  On the plus side, the service was excellent, my chicken Caesar salad was yummy, and the atmosphere was entertaining.  Stop by just to see what all the hype is about, but preferably before 8pm, or you'll get a headache!
Went here tonight on the last day of Art Deco Weekend. We usually hit this place for some decent Skirt Steak. Tonight I had the Lamb Lollipops and the wife had the Grilled Steak with Rice and Beans with fried Plantains. The lamb was seasoned with a latin spice and grilled medium. I asked for rare but the server notified me that the chef can only do it medium or well done. Needless to say, I was a bit disappointed; why can't I have it rare which is the way I'm used to? when it came out, it was still tender, and I was partially satisfied. It was the appetizer and came with 4 bones. Just enough to satisfy my hunger. The Mrs. had the skirt steak and she really enjoyed it. It came with all the fixings of rice, beans and fried plantains. Also on the side in a small 2 oz souffle cup was their chimichurri sauce which was a vinegar base with some type of pickled mustard leaf. We had the warm brownie with ice cream dessert which was just ok; nothing out of this world yum. Our server's name was Alejandro and he offered great service with a smile the whole time. Gratuity is automatically added to the check and it was printed on the receipt in large all caps letters so there's no mistaking. I added an additional 30% gratuity since he was that good. A rare find especially on Ocean Drive and at a place that the tip is already added on. They have live dancers that will take the stage and show off their salsa skills, but I couldn't take my eyes off the tvs watching the Ravens shut down the Patriots!! Huge Yea!!
Mango's isnt what it used to be, now has become a total tourist trap with bad drinks! With that said, Its a MUST SEE spot if this is your first time in SOBE. You have to experience the table booty shaking at least once in your life.
I agree with Brian W. that this place isn't the best place for younger crowds but its not at all because of the latin music. It's because most of the people there are older. I actually like the latin music and went there because I was in the mood to dance salsa, merengue, and all that good stufff. My only complaint about the place is that they didnt play enough latin music! There was this awesome band in the back that played great music for about ten minutes and then they would stop and there would be a show in the front stage area. I wouldnt have minded so much if they didnt just abruptly change the music and everyone on the dance floor was just like 'what the heck?!'. It's a cool place especially if you want a change. I'd go back.
A little late with this review...was there last month in south beach for work and went to this spot on a Wed night and all I can say is WOW!! Got there close to 1am and the place was packed, the music was mostly latin, but they blend in a hip hop, ole school  and some pop to keep the crowd going and moving..not really a big floor to dance, but it can be done...The crowd that night was there to have a good time and I going to say that is the standard for those if you go...The drinks are good, dont know the price given friends where buying...With all this being said..this was only the 1st floor!! I forgot to mention the dancing show and live singing that happens through out the night...I must add that this place has it all for men and women to go and meet one another or to just get entertainment from either a female or male review as only South Beach/Miami can do it!!! So if your looking for a good time that is not as pretentious as some of the other clubs in South Beach and have a great time...this it the spot!! I will go again, the next time I am back in South Beach...
We came here for a bachelorette dinner party.  Personally, this is not my type of place and I would give it 2-stars, but the service and the variety of this place make Mango's not such a bad place. The staff was catering enough to schedule a group of 10 ladies for dinner upstairs in a private room on a Saturday night.  It was nice to be away from the ruckus downstairs, but maybe it was a bit too isolated (as we dined pretty early according to Miami time).  The service was nice, and we had an attentive waiter.  The food there was alright; nothing too memorable. After dinner, we went around the place where dancing was happening at every corner of the club.  Many rooms upstairs with different types of music played.  On the first floor at the open space, there were scantily clad dancers (both men and women) doing their thang on top of bars.  Much later into the night, this place was packed! It's a "glad-I-experienced-it-no-need-to-go-again" type of place for me.
Great Club/Bar/Resturant to go to when you in south beach. its about $12-15 for cocktails so pre-game accodingly. The performances are pretty good, drinks are decent, and has a great crowd. Has three floors and 2 or 3 diffrent dance floors with diffrent music playing with live DJ's ofcourse DEFINITLEY A MUST GO!!
I've been here several times on two separate trips to Miami.  Mango's has a definite cheesy element that works well in Miami.  The women are curvy and dressed in tight animal-print catsuits, and the men sometimes don equally cheesy get-ups in performances.   During the day, most of the dances are focused on the women, but at night the men get their time in the spotlight... and let's just say, they put on a good show! The food leaves a lot to be desired.  On one occasion, during a separate trip to Miami, the nachos were delicious!  On the second trip, the nachos were terribly thrown together with this block of yellow cheese melted on the top.  It's hard to mess up nachos, but Mango's managed.  The other appetizers are average.  I'm not sure how dinner is, but I don't care to find out.  The drinks and nightlife is what this place does best. Mango's is a huge club, with several different dance rooms with various types of music.  The crowd is diverse, a little bit of everyone is here.  I definitely recommend Mango's for drinks, dancing and fun.
Great food (try the chicken tacos), great music, and fun crowd! I LOVE the male dancers, and would like to throw my hens party here. I am also a fan of the whimsical decor. I'd definitely go back!
I went here on a Friday afternoon, so maybe it was the fact that it was during the day so the atmosphere was different. They have a 2 for 1 special on drinks during the day, so my friends took up that offer. None of them really appealed to me so I decided to get a Miami Vice (it was hot and I was about to go on a cruise...what better way to get in the mood?!). The bf ordered buffalo chicken tenders to just snack on. The drinks were fine, but nothing special. The tenders took forever to come out, and while the appearance was nice, they were almost inedible. The service was fine at times, but when we wanted to get the check the server completely disappeared for 20 minutes and the other servers/people around weren't keen on helping us.   They had dancers on the bar as we were about to leave. It was nice to watch, but again nothing amazing. It might be different at night, but my opinion is that it's just a tourist trap.
This place has a $5 cover (we went on Sunday), very loud, live music with a lively atmosphere. We didn't stay very long but it seemed OK. The only complaint I have was a bartender gave me 2 rum and cokes when I ordered 3. Stupid thing is, she poured all 3 in front of me, put two on the counter and left 1 on edge where I couldn't reach it, comes back with my change, and tells me she handed all 3 to me. I was like, THE 3RD DRINK IS RIGHT FRICKIN IN FRONT you dumb***! Then she thinks/argues with me for a second before handing me the last drink. I can't believe people can be so dumb...
Mango's is like a club on crack. Or maybe steroids. Probably both. We were wandering around Ocean Drive after dinner in search of a place to party. Most of the places we were finding were just restaurants or hotels that had set up outdoor eating areas and were offering drink specials. In fact, each place had an employee standing outside trying to entice people to drink at their place. Mango's was like this huge, shining beacon... drawing us in. The crowd was pretty diverse. Cover was $10 on a Saturday night, but the bride got in for free, which was nice. I bet you don't regret me buying you that sash and tiara now, T! The main floor was set up with small tables and there were entertainers dancing on a makeshift stage in the middle. They ranged from salsa dancing couples to Ricky Martin-like crooners to Vegas-style dancers and finally, some shirtless male dancers. Upstairs, there were two to three different rooms showcasing different kinds of music. I think the main floor was reservation only, because it was roped off and there were guards standing by. We saw a few other bachelorette groups enjoying themselves on the main floor. Honestly, we weren't there for long. The club was just too packed and too hot to really enjoy ourselves. We gulped down our cocktails and headed across the street to the beach. Go to check out the entertainers, if anything!
This place was a good place to start the night. Bigger than it looks from the outside and we had free passes so no cover for my friends and I. We walked in to bartenders clad in skin-tight clothes dancing on the bar - cool. Some guys bought drinks for us -- even better. Three different dance floors playing different music -- yay for more choices. But while the first hour was fun, it was time to move on after that.
Three stars for their performances and overall feel of the bar. They lost the other two stars when they charged me $15.02 for a tiny Piña Colada.
This is a definite must if you are visiting Miami!  Though I managed to be the only person out of my group of 6-8 drunk guys I was with,  to be viewed as too drunk to enter (seriously, wasn't drunk) the second time I attempted to go, I am still gonna say that my first experience was pretty fun!  The music is insane, the half naked "talented" dancers were hot and the vibe is just a whole lot of fun!  If you are totally not into the latin scene, then the likelihood is that you won't like it too much, but it is still an experience worth trying out!
I literally came in just to see what all the hype was all about.... there's nothing special about it but if you just want to go in here just to say "yea I've been there" then by all means go. Ok on to the next one.
I came to Miami for 2 days.  We walked by here during the day and the music was blasting people were dancing inside and the people were hot. We decided to sit outside and people watch. I ordered the club sandwhich which came with fries sooooo delicious and huge portions. We ordered drinks but I don't really remember what we had (it was one of those days) My server was this italian spanish speaking lady and she was smooking hot!! Her bus boy was gorgeous it must be a requirement at this restaurant. If you want good food and good lively music come here during the day!!
Mango's is always a lively place to visit on South Beach. We came here late night for a bachelorette party. We visited other clubs and ended up staying at Mango's for the rest of the evening. They have an amazing group of people that dance on the bar and put on an amazing show. They have awesome live singing and phenomenal dancing acts form Brazilian carnival to Michael Jackson Impersonators...The drinks are strong and reasonably priced. The music is great and there's plenty of room for dancing. We had a blast here!
Came to South Beach for vaca. Many friends recommended mango's. And man... lots of good looking females here, loud music, and expensive drink. Great place to party on a weekend.
I have to agree and disagree with everyone else's review. I think to a certain extent, Mango's seems like the land of Coyote Ugly and the Pussycat Dolls rejects. But it has its own appeal. I personally feel like home whenever I'm here. I've been to Mango's about 6-7 times now from 3 visits to Miami in the past 6 years. The first time was in 2002, and I can tell that it hasn't changed much since then. The food is not the greatest nor is it authentic Cuban food if that's what you're here for. But the atmosphere, the servers, the entertainers, the overall surrounding and vibe is just like none other. That is why I ALWAYS have to stop by Mango's every time I'm in South Beach. Aside from cooling off from the crazy hot and stickiness outside, you are entertained, served really yummy drinks and just basic but good food. I remember the first time I came here I just had turned 21 and boy did all the hostess, servers, bartenders and entertainers were just out to give me a helluva good time. They're all very friendly and accommodating. I was so shy back then when they would just come up to me and pull into the dance floor. I don't know anything about salsa dancing so I just hip hoped it while they did their sexy twist and steps. But for all you non-believers, you just have to check it out. It's like the Caribbean version of Rainforest Cafe, with big booty women and sex-appeal written all over the walls.
This was a fun place!!! Known as a tourist spot, and for the performers. The chips and salsa is tasty and the food and pretty good, drinks were good too. I enjoyed the live singing and dancing well eating.
I don't want to hype this place up too much, only to lead to dissapointment, but this is what I thought every Miami club would be like. Salsa dancers dancing on an oversized bar stage, live singers, live band playing bongos and guitar, music, lights, people dancing, upstairs balcony, mojitos, just lots of things going on. When I went to Miami all I wanted was authentic Cuban food and a place to visit like this. Because it's on the main drag Ocean Drive, you can always leave, walk around and then come back again. Questions to the ladies that work there: How are your booties so big and you don't have cellulite? Go on Saturday, they do charge cover $5-$10.
So touristy, but really fun! The line to get in on a Friday night goes quickly, and the entertainment, though varied in quality, is really fun to watch, and you can see it from almost anywhere because it's right in the center of the action on the bar downstairs. If you don't want to watch but want to dance, there are two rooms upstairs where you can get down and dirty, or you can go downstairs and dance salsa behind the bar.
Fun fun fun!!!!!!! Best guacamole ever! Definitely highlight of my trip. Girls can really shake it and they are all better in real life from the pics. I don't think u can work there if you don't have a nice ass and can't shake it like no tomorrow lol
The food here is great!! Especially the Cobb salad. The entertainment is amazing as well. Everything is also at a reasonable price!
The food isn't the greatest but go for the booty-shakin' show they have!  Male and female performers dance and sing while you dine and it's FABULOUS!   Do try the mojitos...  although tasty they might be a little inconsistent.  And don't get the souvenir glass... it's more expensice.   Overall, a fun place to start out a night on South Beach...  go for the experience and the decor, not the food.
This place was exactly what I was looking for on a Friday night, nothing fancy, just casual and fun! Cover was $10 for ladies, which is not bad at all. I partied like a rockstar that night! The variety of music was excellent and the live performance was very entertaining. As far as the food goes, I didn't try any because I wasn't there for that. So if you haven't been there yet, I suggest you go on a Friday night, you won't regret it.
Latin REstaurant because everyone inside was latin and all the dancers had hot latin bodies! The music was awesome and the decor was cool! There was a jungle themed decor with beautifully painted murals; even the ceilings had painted mural work! Drink of the night-Mojitos! There are tables along the sides where people sat for dinner.
The first night club place we went to in Miami! Cover was reasonable, it was $5 and everything was so lively. The dancers were awesome and they make their drinks look fancy. Very spacious (but not like 'this place is dead' way) and air conditioning was on high so you don't get that sweaty hot feeling. There's some tables and chairs spread around the place so it's not hard to find a seat if you wanna rest your feet. The thing I loved the most about this place is their hip hop section of the club!  Started our trip off right by going to this place :)
Atmosphere is nice, drinks were delicious but pricey but that's expected in South Beach. They gave a variety of shows from the live band when I arrived to the two dance performances. Didn't have any food so can't speak on that.
This place is horrible. The manager has a nasty attitude and called me a gringo. He was upset because I ordered a coke and accused me of trying to "steal money from him" thinking that I had some sort of hidden alcohol. Too bad I am 3 years sober and can't have any alcohol. When I mentioned that he said "yea right I didn't get to where I am by being stupid, gringo". So rude and unprofessional. He looked like he was coked out and just ready to fight. I am ashamed that they are a part of miami
Went here for my 21st. Cover was $10 and the bouncer saw that it was my birthday and proceeded to make everyone around me sing "Happy Birthday". That was cute. Only stayed for about an hour. Place was packed but we went in the lounges to dance. They were playing mostly hip-hop, which I loved! My boyfriend, not so much. Went downstairs to the bar and ordered a Jager bomb. Still waiting on that Jager bomb..... Overall, I feel like I've only gotten a taste of Mango's and would love to go back during a week day to truly experience it.
Gross. Smells bad. Rude staff. Overpriced.
One of a kind nightclub! Went here with a bunch of coworkers on a Saturday night.  Got there at 9pm, and got right in. $10 cover.  Place got packed later on, and there was a line out the door, evn after 2am! They have live entertainment, with both female and male dancers dancing to salsa, meringue, and popular songs on 2 separate stages.  Dance floor opens up later on to the same 3 types os music. Drinks prices were high. I just stuck with water and club soda.  A bottle of water is $4!  Take note that tip is included with the drink prices. Also, you're better off paying after each round, because if you give them your card for a tab, you won't see it for hours, so be warned!  It happened to my coworker, and he was a bit annoyed at that. One thing I liked was that there were people of all ages partying.  So there was something for everyone.
I love Mangos.  Provocatively dressed females serving and bartending.  Really fun party atmosphere.  Strong and tasty drinks.  And a crowd that just wants to have fun.  Yes, it's a tourist spot but its fun.  It's a definite must for south beach goers.  On more happening nights they have two more rooms for hip hop lovers.  The live bands are always fun too.
Place is great . but the bar staff is shady. Make sure you check your print out to the bar tab. They tried to charge us for drinks we didn't have. The 18% included gratuity is bogus also.
I loved the Latin dancers and the shows they put on but the drinks are OVER PRICED! OUCH! plus each time i went back to the bar my drink was a different price even though i ordered the same thing! The atmosphere was awesome not to crowed but not dead! i also loved the 2 different hip hop rooms upstairs! I loved it i would defiantly recommend stopping here if you come visit Miami!
Great service & dancing and even a little live music too. This place keeps it the music bumping all night. A great place to come & bring friends.
Though a little pricy, the food and drinks here are fabulous. Also, the live music and dancing are spectacular and the staff, for the most part, is very friendly.
The place to take your friends or family visiting Miami. Mango's is the place to party on the Beach for both men and women. This place is awesome! Handsome dancers, live band, reggeaton and R&B rooms,... If you like the Caribbean/tropical party style, you can't go wrong by going there. The music is great and the show is very entertaining. I love those hard hot bodies on the dance floor! lol I'm sure many people are jealous of those hot dancers' bodies! The drinks are a bit expansive but no surprise since this is the Beach! There is a cover however I have idea when it starts. This place is colorful and always fun, I recommend for tourists any time.
Great place for drinks and listen to Latin music. Waiters and waitresses take turns to dance on the bar/stage, and the atmosphere is fun and relaxed.
On our way to the hotel, we asked for a restaurant that served authentic Cuban food.  The taxi driver recommended Mango's and we headed over there for an early dinner the following day. When we approached the restaurant, we heard loud music and saw these women in scantily clad outfits--one girl was literally in a bra, a thong, and a set of suspenders that were attached to her thong.  Most of the girls had these one piece tight suit thingies on.  Some of them danced on top of the bar on the first floor. Our dinner was so good!  I ordered the Shrimp Al-Ajillo while my friend got the Chicken Al-Ajillo.  The seasoning, the sauce, all of it, was really amazing.  The rice was cooked perfectly, and the plantains had the best texture and flavoring. At one point three guys got up onto the bar and started to do a choreographed dance routine which included a number of pelvic thrusts and gyrations.  Women started dashing onto the dance floor to get a closer view of the show and the flashes were going off nonstop.  Everyone was really friendly and nice, and we had a great time! Side note:  If anyone watched the new season of American Gladiators, Militia (Alex Castro), actually got started working at Mango's.  Now that the show is over, he is back there again--kinda cool!
Best place ever in Miami! Day and Night! So much fun. But Night time has the better looking dancers. FYI. :) The frozen drinks are delish! Gotta go there. I go there every time I vacation in Miami!
Maybe I picked an odd time to go here. Every time I passed during the day, someone was dancing up a storm on the tables. It looked very inviting, and I don't even dance. Later on at night, when I actually went in (and paid the $5 cover), I was still on board with Mango's being a cool place. There were 3 women on the bar doing a routine, music blasting, and people seemed to be having a genuinely good time. Then the covers came. I don't mean that $5 cover I paid to get in, oh no. This cover was a woman singing Bad Romance. I don't know the song by heart, but I'm pretty sure "blah blah blah" is not a lyric. I've never been big on covers like that, so maybe that helped dampen the vibe for me. I tried to dampen my senses with a long island iced tea, but it wasn't too great. The price was, however. I will say that the dancers are very entertaining, and do a variety of styles. While I spent my time focusing on the female dancers, there are male dancers that come on as well. The visit here wasn't too long. Maybe I should have given Mango's more of a chance, but I just couldn't.
We were excited to be clubbing again.   The lines were short easy to get in no cover charge.  Drinks are about 11.90 each but remember if you get the taller glasses its more. The Latin music is great but the dancing can get boring.  It's not even sexy.  We went two nights and its the same dances repeated. They aren't in beat.  The band playing Saturday in the back was good. Worth it to walk through and check out the scene
I'm a tourist and this place is my definition of hell on earth. The service was rude, bordering on abusive. The "entertainment" was girls who were NOT hot wearing less than bikinis watching themselves on the live monitors and three dudes trying to do Michael Jackson moves unsuccessfully. The band couldn't really make it through a full song... they would just kind of peter out and erupt in a bunch of yelling. The only bright spot was the food, which was great for bar food but overpriced and took forever to get there. So hats off to the folks they hide in the back who actually do something worthwhile.
Fun South Beach nightclub. Did not taste the food, but drink prices were fair for the location and the Latin dancers were very impressive! $10 cover, but worth it.
4 hours of  non-stop dancing  in the VIP section, free bottle, so of course this place gets 5 stars.  Like all clubs you have your douchebags both male and female, but we had a ball dancing till our feet were killing us. We avoid the main stage with the performers, and chilled in the mojito room. We got there at like 1am and got kicked out at 5am...fun times.
This place was awesome when I first went. This is a must go place thanks to the people from Miami recommending us to go. Can't wait to go back to South Beach again.
This place is a great tourist attraction! Tons of foreign people, great performances, and plenty of space to walk around in. The food was a bit overpriced but it was great. The Mojito was damn good. I had the chicken burrito and that was a monster plate of good comfort food! I also tried the Reuben and it was good. Chicken tacos were great as well. Music that night was excellent. Ive always loved to booty dance and the old school rap hit the spot. Dont stop. Get it. Get it.
Cancun comes to South Beach, complete with black lights and girls in hot pink leopard hot pants.  The people watching was unreal and our mojitos were tasty, but I suspect that is because they were filled with sugar instead of alcohol.  I also suspect you would have more fun here drunk than we did when we were stone sober.
Thrilled to make it to Mangos twice on our trip last week.  My husband and I have actually been here many times over the years, and it is my favorite place to visit when staying on South Beach.  The drinks are good, although a bit small and pricey.  The servers are HOT but not always attentive.  Surprised that they do not give the customers more attention to try to sell more drinks.  For the price and service issues, I did knock off a star.   However, the dancers are amazing!  I love the variety, but especially the HOT trio of men that I got to watch on both visits.  The Michael Jackson tribute was really good, also.  They do a great job trying to keep customers entertained. We got in without cover on Sunday but paid 10 dollars on Saturday.  I am not a fan of cover charges, but this one is well worth every penny. I highly recommend this place!
We had such a great time at Mango's.  It was our late night club choice every night.  The music, food, drinks, and waiters were great.  It's just too bad San Francisco doesn't have something similar :( .
This is a sight to see! Just walking by, you wanna peak in and see what's the dealio. It's crazy and fun and just a unique place. They have dancers on the bar, big booty ladies in crazy outfits, loud music and just a party atmosphere.  I think this is a place you go to once and you're good. There are multiple bars inside but they are basically the same. Dark, loud booty bumpin music. The drinks were simple, staff was ok, they were fun for sure. It's an experience to say the least.
I've been here as a child and as an adult, both times were equally amusing. I don't know I know this place is cheesy and a bit out there, but hey I think its fun, and I always have to make a stop here when I am in Miami. The food isn't half bad either, the drinks keep them coming. I definitely will be back, afterall I have to keep up my tradition.
We had a day to spend in Miami before getting on a cruise the next morning so we dropped our bags at the hotel and headed down Ocean.  After some lunch and laying around on the beach, we decided to hit up Happy Hour at Mango's.   Two for One of six sugary drinks for $11 each, I guess could be a deal if it wasn't Miami and the cups weren't super small.  We sat at the bar in the back, it was pretty slow during the afternoon but the bartenders were dancing on the bar nonetheless.  Great dancing, interesting catsuits on all the ladies... I mean more power to you, I couldn't pull that off but is that really fashionable?  I sound so old.   The reggae band was awesome.  I'm more of a sit-and-watch than a get-up-and-join them type person so sitting back with my passion fruit mojitos and people watching was fine for me.
Ok we just finished having dinner and we were ready to hang out in South beach and have some drinks. We ended up in Mangos and this is a casual place for drinks, live entertainment and fun times. There was a Reggae band playing & hot chicks dancing on the bar for the men and even hotter men dancing for da ladies. To make the evening more entertaining there was also a Michael Jackson tribute and who wouldn't love that!!!! I read some of the other reviews about it being cheesy but it's drinks not a diplomatic affair.
This review is for a dance club, as I didn't try any of the food.  Ok yeah, drinks are expensive its a miami dance club I got over it.  We got bottle service which was a good idea and I would do it again.  The servers for bottle service were great, as they should be.  The club as a whole just didn't do it for me.  The latin dancers are impressive...for about 5 minutes before I got bored.  I probably won't be back - there are so many places to experience nearby.
I really like mangos. There is always something going on. I enjoyed the atmosphere of the dancers, entertainers and the crowd. I went there in the afternoon and it was crowded, I went after hours 3:00/4:00 am and there were people dancing. I didnt get a chance to grab a drink or order food, but I will have a more informative review when I return. Cool place!
YEEEEEZ!  great place....amazing. Nothing compares to Latin music, nothing!  especially if you got the moves lol. Met lots of people from everywhere. Trust me, that night you become friends with everyone!! Lol, to be honest with you, I only payed attention to the live performance for a little bit.. Not a big deal like everyone is saying. If you were not dancing your post would probably be all about that.   Drinks can bring tears to your packets but that's ok!
Mango's has great live music but save your hunger for another place. There are so many good places to eat on Miami. I wouldn't waste a meal here. We left early midnight and people weren't dancing because they had employees dancing and no area that we saw where we could dance. Maybe it's different latter on in the night but nonetheless the live music was good but food had no favor.
I am a HUGE fan of Mango's!!  I took my girls there for a Bachelorette party and they did an AMAZING job making us feel like VIPs.  They have a great variety of packages for anyone who's interested in doing the same thing... I went back two weeks later when I was in town for work...  and it was just as great... ON A THURSDAY NIGHT!! The constant entertainment of dancers and singers are captivating!!  the food is amazing!  and the music is jumping!!  I remember the first night I was there, checking my watch for the first time of the night -- and it was 4am!!  and my girls and I weren't tired at all!!   MANGO's is the best!!  Salsa, hip hop... just plain FUN!!
We came here at night the performance were cool and the voodoo room is hiphop. The one downstairs is whatever song is being performed and when it's the DJ the DJ SUCKS, the music is very random like salsa, hiphop, techno ,r&b etc in that order, they never play the same genre of music for at least ten minutes. They play alot of salsa  and I went there 3 days thursday,sat and Sunday and no merengue or Bachata was played. so it's ok they need to step it up with their DJ and if its so tropical they need to play other spanish music other than Salsa, but if you are a salsa lover this is the place for you. And yes i love salsa too, but i dont know how to dance it so it sucks for me. oh yes and the dance floor on the main floor isn't the best for ladies with high heels since it is not flat meaning it has like a brick pattern so it isn't the best but nice to look at
Oh wonderful Mango's... The quality of the live band has been gradually but consistenly declining and the people are so so. The majority of people there are from out of town -it's definitely a tourist spot- but it remains one of  my favorite places in South Beach (for unmentionable reasons) I will keep on visiting Mangos when I'm in the MIA, oh yes I will...
Latin from the speakers to the walls. I felt like I stepped into Cuba. My boyfriend is hispanic so we decided to check it out. There are scantilly clad dancers everywhere. There's a lot to be distracted by. They also have karaoke which is totally fun. The drinks are expensive and the waiter and waitresses are extremely pushy. I almost punched one in the face because she kept following us around asking if we wanted more drinks. $24 dollars for an iced mojito? No thanks, I'll pregame. The dancers were the best part.
SOOOOOO much fun came here during my honey moon. Cover charge is 10 each person. And theres just such a mix of music its so exciting bachata(live singers) salsa(with dancers), reggae(band), a hip hop room, techno i mean this place has it all its so ALIVE. Its open super late as well .. DOWN is the drinks are expensive nothing lower than 10 bucks unless u get beer and they add tip to everything even cash paying customers, i like to tip what i feel i don't like being obligated! BUT besides that Mangoes is a must when in Miami, and try the Mango Mojito DELISH 10$$ small cup :(
This place is definitely cheesy, entertaining and fun! Seems expensive with $10 cover and $15 drinks but it is worth it for the entertainment (believe me).  Men and women will leave happy. ;)
A much better choice than the many restaurants on ocean drive that try to lure you inside. Then again, you should only come here for drinks, dancing, or just a fun night out. Many locals frequent Mango's (that's where we got the tip from) and it's easy to see why. Hit up happy hour for 2-for-1 Mojito's. Yum.
Went there to party. $10 to enter. Its so overly packed with so much going on. I guess it depends on the type of party-er you are. So many creeps, the performers lip synch, Different rooms with diff things going on, different performances to watch. Maybe I was too drunk. I'm sure its a great place to go during the day but I will prob never go at night again. Over rated
While in Miami, I stopped by here for a bit to eat. The live band was about to start playing but the prices for a meal wasn't fitting this New Yorkers budget. It seemed lively & fun.
it is a perfect spot on ocean drive, and luckily we were parked right around the corner. It was around early in the afternoon when we got here, and it was a weekday. nonetheless, the food was okay and the service was great. but the location and the view was entertaining and spectacular when you are seated outdoors. you get to feel Miami by it's heart and explore the culture and people that comes with the territory. the usual platters are not extravagant, but it's delish anyhow. it's a bit pricey for the budget-conscious--but for the vacay-goers, try a couple of appetizers and some umbrella-dipped drinks, you should be fine!
Omg can I live here please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The shows are great! The male dancers are hott!! The female dancers are too! The atmosphere is awesome! You will definitely have a great time!! No matter what time of day any day of the week this place is bumping!! I definitely plan on spending more time here my next trip to Miami!
My husband and I were in Miami for a few days and a friend we met told us this is the place to go if you want to dance. He was right! The music will pull you in from the street. The bartenders here also entertain to the beat of the mostly Latin/Spanish music. They get up on the bars on occasion and put on a show. Drinks are pricey but poured strong. A mixed age group. Loved it!
Yes, yes cheesy tourist trap I've heard over and over however I'm all for mango's I don't frequent that place at all even though I've been a few times but actually this valentines day that passed mango's was one of the few places I visited and it was actually a really good time, my boyfriend and I really enjoyed ourselves. We got lucky with a cool crowd and good hot dancers that night. The food is not what you go there for and it's sorta pricey. The drinks are pretty good also pretty pricey. service is on the slower side. I do know three dancers who work there so Go Mango's!! It's been there forever it's apart of my home that is Miami!
Lots of fun. A great spot to have good drinks and watch hot dance shows. Everyone wants to get in the action and they encourage it! The dancers are pretty sleazy, but you'll be so drunk you won't care any way. Cheers.
Muy caliente!  Between the hot dancers both male and female, the fun neon lights, reggaeton, salsa, hot Latin patrons and top 40, this place will hit the spot!  I love the dancer's performances on top of the bar.  This place is definitely worth visiting when from out of town.  The location is perfect as well, right on Ocean Dr.  It's like Cuba meets Cancun. And remember what happens at Mango's stays at Mango's! Lol.   I had the best view from upstairs and don't forget to check out the hip-hop room up there as well.  It's a tiny den of debauchery. I stayed at a hotel a block away so I enjoyed the mini-bar I brought with me.  I didn't have to buy drinks, which would've broken the bank.
If you need a Fun This is the place for you! the entertainment is good people ( good looking man ladies and gentlemen the ladies are pretty too) dancing on the table in in front and live band in the back. If you want a wild girls night out or just a spot to have a blast Mango's is the place.
Come fall in love! I aways have an amazing time at Mangos the dancers are excellent! Drinks are good, and good better than most on Ocean!! I don't completely understand the service charge on the bill, but I put additional gratuity because this place provide pure entertainment! Check it out and enjoy!
We only had drinks outside in the sidewalk seating. The Mojito was tasty. Not a large beer selection, just the major brands, think I had a Heinie. It's a fun place to people watch for sure.
I simply love this place been a while since I have been there, but man it is a blast, loud music, hot girls  and great drinks...... Please go there on the weekend.... friday saturday, tell them youare having dinner and you will get a table. .... worked for me every time..
Go during the evening, its prob waaaaaay better due to the live entertainment and party mood.  Went for lunch.  The food was ok, but the drinks were nice and strong.
Brilliant place to go to on the South Miami beach.. dinner and dance, you name and you got it, every day of the week! The food was good, and our server was super nice to us. She let us come back in to the club for no cover charge he following night as she saw us walking past the restaurant .. that's amazing! Dance was awesome, music could have been a little better though.. Overall, a must try
One word: AWESOME!! Best hot bar in Miami!!! You don't go here, you'll miss out!! The place is absolutely fantastic. Service A+ The food was phenomenal!!! And the atmosphere!? YOU HAVE GOT to see to believe.
My friend and I came into town for only three days and a few people at our hotel recomended going here.  We went on a Thursday night and it was so much fun.  We probably never would have left but around 3am it got super packed and our feet hurt from dancing!  We met lots of fun people from all over the world and the entertainment (people dancing on bars) was really cool also.  Easy to get in, on Thursday we paid a $10 cover but well worth it.  Fast service at the bar!  Of course like any place in Miami the drinks were expensive but whatever we were there to have fun!  Music range hit almost every style as the night went on.   Overall great place for tourists and great place to meet people in a semi laid back environment!  I will be back!
im with the previous yelper quinan.. what a circus.. haha nothing spectacular about this place. i walked in, looked at their overpriced drinks looked at the cameltoes and Gay Men dancing on the table and walked right out. not my crowd. more for bachelorettes.
The only complaint I have was the bartender upstairs. She kept giving me bad looks when I was checking her out. She was wearing a hot outfit so why wouldn't I?! What pissed me off the most is that she asked me for the phone so I gave it to her. She thought I was taking pictures of her. She told me no pictures.  I didn't take no damn pictures of her. She kept giving me bad looks and just bad attitude. Other than that, everything was cool.
Dont come for food!! people watch, drink and dance and feel as though you are in South America right her in southbeach.  Dont over complicate and analyze this place, just have pure pure fun. Food 2 starts  Fun 10  overall a 4
So much FUN to be had at Mango's, where should I begin?  We stayed for Superbowl 46 (GIANTSSSS) and our server happily chatted us up, cheered along, and took care of us for the 4-hour stay.  We arrived early to get a good seat in front of the TVs, really attractive women dressed in scantily-clad referee outfits attracting attention for you to watch the game with them at the front door.   Their food is actually REALLY good, we ordered their famous mambo wings, the Mango's chopped salad, and the fried calamari & shrimp.  The fried calamari was good, but the fried shrimp was even better.  I highly recommend getting just that.  Mango's chopped salad was good (and a really large portion, so I recommend sharing).  It also came with an amazing garlic bread roll (I scoured the menu looking to order only these, but sadly they did not offer just that).  And last but not least, the mambo wings are some of the best buffalo wings I have ever had,, no doubt about that.  If you only want to order one thing, the wings are the way to go. After the game, we went inside and enjoyed nonstop entertainment: Michael Jackson impersonator, referee women doing the samba, some bachata, a whole lot of Top 40's, some hip hop.  They have a sign up that says: "Have 1 drink per entertainment set," and it isn't real, but you will enjoy the night more that way.   I think that they do have a cover charge normally, but if you are staying at  hotel, ask them whether or not they have guest passes.  Really wish you would bring your entertainment to NYC, Mango's, would love to party again with you!!
This place is very lively.  Brilliant colorful atmosphere and the waitresses are dressed extremely provocative.  Came here once for drinks and appetizers, ordered the Nachos and some frozen drinks.  Loved the pina colada and frozen daquaris, and the Nachos had some spicy jalepinos on it!  Fast service, and right across from the beach, a must stop for ocean drive visits and frozen drinks!
Overrated tourist trap with good entertainment for until 2:30 am. Lots of hot people work here but thats it. 10 to get in and u run the risk of buying drinks$$$ in SOBE. The place is older crowd on fridays but its to be expected. next to all hotels close to the beach close to wet willies close to all hot spots. you will like it, music stops around 4am. The dance shows are very well choreographed, they put a lot of effort on making it nice and relevant to todays  music. great job guys.
This may be a tourist trap on South Beach but who cares! The party here is one of a kind.
Oh, Mango Mango Mango. Why did I come here. It's so sick and so wrong I just love everything about it. Good crowd, no @ssholes, I love bouncers and HOT waitress working there. Sure it's cheezy but so what, this is what Americans do on vacation / away from work. BTW, I thought the live music by Mimi was awesome.
While on vacation the first night I had stumbled upon Mango's which is right on the main strip. Although expensive which is their main down fall (spent 100 bucks on dinner + 1 drink for 2!) this place is great! 4 different dance floors! Best drinks you will ever have! And 5 star food! Would highly recommend just make sure you bring a lot of cash.
Mango is one of the greatest ideas for a cafe/club/lounge/bar Went on Saturday Cover was only 10 dollars amazing...one of the waitresses walked us to one of the bars to get started they do this to start filling up the empty rooms I believe. Drinks are pricey but hey what isn't in Miami. Simply you pay 10 dollars to dance you get to watch beautiful women dancing on stage, singing, Michael Jackson performances was good. Got to Dance, watch nice shows, and simply have a good time here Crowd was okay a lot of nice people then you also have the douchebags throwing their money around. But I went with close friends and we still had an awesome time. The different rooms they have you can listen to different genres of music.
Great stocked bar, good looking staff and nice entertainment.
If you're into a hyper touristy setting with blaring reggaeton and merengue, overpriced appetizers, and girls in booty shorts and tiny bikini tops, then this is the place for you. I'm not interested in any of those things and I can't stand how smokey it gets inside so this is not my scene, but I can see where it would be very popular with some tourists.
If its your first time in Miami you have to go there
Preface: I'm not a tourist, and I don't typically do tourist things, especially when I'm in Miami. There's so much more to Miami than South Beach, and you're playing yourself if you claim to "love Miami" but you're completely unaware of anything that exists west of Alton Road. That's like visiting New York and never leaving the confines of Times Square. That all being said, Mango's is a really cool place. It's not the best restaurant on Miami Beach, or in Miami, not by a long shot. However the food is very good, and the drinks are great. But the main reason I enjoy this place is the laid back action; Yes that's kind of an oxymoron, I know. When I come in here, I'm always greeted by the friendliest staff, and for the most part the clientele is really fun and engaging. This is in the true "I'm on vacation, let's relax and have fun sense" and not the nauseating, grating, brain dead "deer in the headlights" in awe sense that's typical of what we get here in New York. It's certainly not the drink till you puke, act a complete slutty fool vibe like you'd see in Las Vegas, or really, right on Miami Beach. Mango's tends to be a really nice time, the girls that work here are gorgeous and dance for you, and it's not unusual for one of the many hot customers on vacation to put on a show as well. I always have a good time here, and tourist or not, you're sure to enjoy it. If I may give one tip, come during the day, or early evening. It gets too crazy at night. Also, I strongly suggest that if you're among the nauseating tourist types, please go over to Wet Willie's instead so I can continue to enjoy Mango's. Thanks, LOL.
If you're in Miami you must come have a drink or two at this cute cafe!!! They have salsa dancers etc. Service is awesome!!! I recommend!
I was in Miami visiting family out on south beach and me and the family came to this place for lunch. This place is very huge and very entertaining they have a stage smack in the middle of the restaurant were girls are in bikinis dancing to music and a performer is singing which is real cool this place is right on ocean drive very tropical and nice atmosphere mix drinks from the bar are awesome!!! Me and my family order the same thing which was The churrasco steak & shrimp platter with rice and beans slamma jamma!!!  We all left buzz off the drinks and full and happy. I will def. come back when I am in south beach.
I absolutely loved this place!! The ladies singing on the upper level were great and the dancers danced on the bar in these BEAUTIFUL glitzy costumes! I loved the lighting and energy this place has to offer. Will definitely go back.The only thing I did not like was that after you have already stood in line and paid to get in, you will not be able to reenter with ease. The door guy tried to grab me after I had shown the other guy at the door my "stamp". Also, if youre not eating you cant sit at the tables and just enjoy drinks and music....even at 1:00 am when hardly anyone is thinking about having dinner. :(
If you're looking for a frat party with a rude wait staff you found the place. If you're looking for good Latin music look elsewhere.
I love Mangos! I've stayed in South Beach 3 times in the past 7 months and have gone to Mangos everyyyytime! This past week, Labor day wkend, we literally went to mangos everyday/night! The drinks and food are really good, staff entertaining and friendly. Music is some of the best in South Beach--So what is touristy, its always fun in there! Luis was funny and fun to play around with.. Def recommended Mangos!
awesome time - tons of entertainment, lively crowd no matter what time of day - def love Inna Sense! Pros - lively, tons of seating, great crowd and awesome live entertainment Cons - small restrooms, charge your for souvenir glass even if you did not order it/want it will DEF be taking friends back here!
don't go here for food. mediocre food. horrible service.
I LOVE MANGOS. I'm from L.A. and I've never seen anything like this before. The vive, the friendliness, the food, the Pina coladas. I REALLY loved it all!
WHAT CAN I SAY?  I LOVE this place!  Just go there.  You will NOT regret it.
I guarantee 99% of people have NEVER been to a place like this.  There is definitely something for everyone here.  Drinks are pricey but strong.  The entire staff looks like models from Novellas & they are a ton of fun all night long.  I've wondered if they have bodies like that because they work here or if they were hired here because they have bodies like that?!?   I dunno....what i DO KNOW....is that unless your name is Ross from Broomfield...i have no idea how this place cannot be one of the absolute funnest (yes, i know) night life spots. if you wanna sit at a bar, eat nuts & pretzels while watching sportscenter...this is not for you.  if you wanna be in a full, loud salsa club w/ everyone dancing & laughing their butts off...then this is for you
cheesy but kind of sexy. did u kno that if u wear fluoresent nail polish it glows here? they have lots of black lights. also, if your hair is too blonde it also glows here! it was really funny seeing some of the babes with the really done up curly blonde hair light up under the black lights. the dancers were good, but i don't really like the scene. it reminded me of chuck e cheese's but for grown ups. it was fun to watch the people sitting at the tables ordering stuff an watching the dancers. there is an upstairs an a downstairs. they say you have to order a drink per set but if it is crowded, no one notices. some of the costumes were not that great. i wasn't here for that long. just long enough to look around.
This place is loud and rockin. If you are going to spend some time in South Beach and on Ocean Dr., then make sure to stop by this place if you have time. At night this place has to be the loudest and busiest place on the street. They have music blasting, shows on the bar, an upstairs balcony and decent enough food. Come for the circus.
* Mango's is definitely touristy but it features some nice live music and dance sessions which can range from break dance by a Michael Jackson lookalike, hot striptease, an energetic and vibrant latino dance etc... (yes, learning bachata is on my wishlist now) * Another plus side is they allow smoking indoors.
Love this place!This is a must go to when headed to south beach. The food, staff and entertainment makes this place the best restaurant on the strip!
Great place to visit for out-of-towners: Mango was the most fun bar we went to the entire time in Miamii!!  (Although, a little perspective.. I didn't think Miami was all *that*.) LOVE: -Fun music and the Michael Jackson impersonator -Line to get in, but it moved swiftly. -Dance floor with salsa band (w/ good eye candy for both sexes) -- HIP HOP ROOM UPSTAIRS -- we found it by accident!!  Great music! -It's right by the beach, so if you want a romantic walk, cross the street and there you are. Didn't love: -Rude bartenders -Included gratuity of 20%.  It's the norm in Miami but, ugh.. service sucks b/c of this. -Nowhere to sit unless you do bottle service.  Like, nowhere.  We would've stayed longer if there was!  We actually met a cool group of people from DC and went somewhere else to sit, drink and talk! I would recommend Mango for anyone looking for a good time.
Mangos wasn't 100% great but it wasn't horrible either. It's my first time eating here on the fourth of July. Other times I've been in there it was just a straight in and out just to go tinkle. Just being honest# Back to Mangos, my boyfriend and I chose to sit outside since it was a beautiful day out! First off I ordered a Piña Colada and he got a few Snapples. The Colada was so yummy. To eat we both ordered the mango wraps. My boyfriend has had it before and recommended it to me so I copied him. The wrap I thought it would be much better being that it's one of their signature dishes, has mangos. I love their fries, more like jo jos. Their chips and salsa wasn't bad I actually liked it I just wish they gave your more salsa. Taking a couple bites into my wrap I wasn't feeling it anymore so I took it back and ordered a medium well churrasco with rice and beans. By the time I got my new dish I didn't feel like eating there anymore. I wasn't trying to be rude, just took a while, my boyfriend was already done with his plate, and I wasn't as hungry anymore. So I got a doggy bag to go. But let me tell you, their churrasco rice with beans was heaven when I ate it at home a hour later. i think I'll have to order that next time I go... The first round of orders ;) plus another Piña Colada !
Even though I didn't get to stay in Mangos that long to dance its a fun place to go to. We ate outside before we went into the dance area. The staff were very nice &  helpful to us ladies. I has a good time here. If you go to Miami you should go here at least once or even twice.
I've been here a few times during visits to Miami. The atmosphere, performers, vibe, and energy of the club/bar are great. The drinks are strong and for the most part the staff is friendly. The reason behind my 2 star review is behind the extra charges on the bill and the actions of one bartender. Make sure you read the fine print at the bottom of the menu. In tiny writing it says they will ask if you want to make a donation to a hospital charity (25 cents I believe) which of course is for a good cause. However they automatically put the charge on my friends bill and when it was questioned (before we read the fine print) the bartender was upset that we even asked. He stated it was a hospital donation and when we read the section from the menu that stated it was an optional donation he obtained change from the register and threw 25 cent back at my friend. My friend gave him back the change and said 25 cent was not the issue but the fact that he charged her without asking.  Long story short he was very rude and just look out for extra charges on your bill!!
On vacation from Sydney Australia, was driving down ocean drive and saw this place immediately found a parking spot and headed towards the entrance, We just walked straight in but got chased down by security for ID all good. Ordered a few drinks from the bar which were nice i enjoyed the grey goose fresh lemonade and watched a salsa comp with some girls dancing in between (even the gf was loving it.) Wow what a show they put on so entertaining. We rarely experience places like these back home!
Great place to have an awesome Miami experience! It has good Latin music, the drinks are good! Oh lets not forget plenty of hot girls
The outfits haven't changed in this place since 1996. Cheetah-prints as far as the eye can see! Of course, there can be great comfort in continuity and familiarity.
Cheesy, but nonetheless entertaining. An eclectic crowd, that is for sure. Has a stereotypical Miami vibe - latin muic and exotically dressed women but as a woman myself I didn't feel uncomfortable being there with my husband. (But then again I've never been uptight about that sort of thing - I will draw the line at strip clubs though haha) Good food as well. Come with a sense of humour and you'll have a great time.
1st time in South Beach and Mango's.  What a fun place! Love the 2 for 1 drink specials, live band, bird guy and the dancers.  Very entertaining place and the Margarita's were delicious!!
First off, The place is a tourist trap. But it's one you don't mind going to! If you don't know where you want to party for the night, Just go to Mangos. They open at 11am. And close at 5am. So they are the one club/restaurant that is open the longest in the area. You name a latin country, it is represented here. All the waiters, waitresses, bartenders are "beautiful people" from every latin country you can think of. Every so often a song will come on and a dancer will jump up on the bar and tango, rhumba, samba, or any other latin dance you could think of. That being said, the food is okay. It doesn't suck. But it won't be what you brag about. For that, go to Espanola way. But you can't go wrong here. Take pictures and be the envy at the water cooler!
Terrible place.  The bouncer are super rude.  The place will be sued someday because of how far the bouncer think their power reaches.   This place tries charging a $25 cover thinking they are as good as LIV or CAMEO.  Save your money and time and go up the block to the Clevelander instead!
I LOVEEEE MANGOS They have two floors with different rooms. One one with house music, another one with reggeton, hip-hop. its amazing I had a great time with my friends.
I didn't bother looking at the reviews but this place is amazing. I'm not a party party guy but I'd say this place will please you either way! Have fun!!
Definitely a must. If you make it here, definitely get the dinner and show package. It makes it all the worth it to not have to stand and watch the amazing show.
Amazing place to party!! It was little expensive even for NYC standards but the entertainment  definitely makes it worth it. Definitely a must to see when you are in South Beach.
This is a pretty interesting place.  Very high energy and lots of fun.  The bartenders, who also double as dancers are always dressed in colorful, provocative outfits and are in very good shape.  They perform dances on the bar, which also doubles as a stage, throughout the night. They also pull folks from the crowd up to entertain the audience (usually a female bachelorette will get a lap dance from a male dancer). They play Latin music, for the most part but they have a top floor with mainly hip hop music if you're not into the performances going on on the main floor. The drinks are great but everyone pays a cover fee. I have also been here during the day for a few drinks (2 for 1 happy hour deals).  They sometimes have a live band but it is very empty for the most part.
The hidden charm about this place is that women get excited watching other women dance.  What else more can you ask for?  Even though it is mostly couples that end up here, there are defiantly single women and they all want to dance.  This place isn't guy heavy and the few that are there are gay so there is little competition.  Don't be shy and don't be embarrassed if you can't dance.   Drinks are comparable for the area. There is a cover at night, but if you get there early enough you can beat it.  The waitresses are all very friendly.
My boyfriend and I went on our on our birthday and they treated us soooo well! The dancing was live. The music was also live and hot! We had the best time - wish we could have stayed longer!!
- Very long line  to pay $10 admission - $20 to get in right away - Will cost min $350 for a bottle to sit in front of the stage and they will surround the area (15ft x 20ft) with rope -  No allowance to stand in front (behind the rope area)  to watch the stage - Mixtures of singing, lips sing performance,  Salsa singing and DJ. Band takes break after every 1 freaking Salsa type of song. - No room to stand to watch the stage on the side - Required to buy a drink if you find the chair at the bar - I bought a drink then later found a chair. I put the drink down and pull the chair to sit down, I looked up, my drink is GONE! Wtf! It was so fast The bar tender then said you have to buy a drink to sit here. I asked where it my drink? He said I do to know what you are talking about!  It was time to walk out.
People what is all the fuss about! Please get out more This place is nobody puts baby in the corner/
Was told that this was the "spot" in the Miami. A "must-visit". All I wanted to do was leave, throw up everything i've eaten recently and pray i can have a bangin' body like those women. Totally kidding... It was way too crowded for me. I hate crowded clubs. It was hot and humid and raining. blah blah blah... i'll be back when my ass is like theirs! Lol!
A visit to Miami beach is not complete without a stop at mango's. Everyone we asked all recommended this place. $10 bucks to get in if you aren't going to have dinner. Totally worth it. What a tourist is looking for in Miami beach. Dancers get up on the stage wearing terrific costumes, singing, dancing, great salsa music playing. The whole package!! Of course they are all beautiful to look at too!! You can't help but move to the music-super fun! They also have two other rooms upstairs for dj music dancing. Yes the drinks are REALLY expensive here. $54 for two vodka tonics. They were strong, but you should probably have a few before you leave your room, unless you have money falling out of your pockets or you don't drink. Either way, its still a must visit stop and so worth it. We had a blast!
A friend of mines suggested this place and the group I went with had gone the night before. It's okay. I shouldn't have to pay $10 for cover but they didn't enforced a dress code and I was in really casual  attire. Downstairs there's live music and dancers and upstairs they have a hip hop room (mainstream hip hop not really my type of hip hop) and salsa & reggaeton room. Not sure when Miami's last call is but I left at 4AM and they were still serving drinks. Apparently they don't have the rule of no public smoking in Florida.
Lots of fun, food and drinks.
A MUST PLACE TO VISIT ON OCEAN DR!! Entrance: In the evenings they do charge. Its about $10 however we met this guy who gave me and my crew free entrance passes both times we visited (watch out for people passing out club passes for free entrance) Once you walk inside you are immediately hit with the rhythm shaking beats of enjoyable Latin music. They do have bottle service beyond the velvet rope where you have perfect seats near the stage. Every couple of songs they have 4 men and 4 female dancers dance to choreographed songs. (Lets just say the men were MUY CALIENTE!!) Rooms: So Mango has 3 dance rooms downstairs and they have 2 upstairs. Upstairs is were they play hip hop music. However on the balcony it is a great spot to watch the dancers shake it on the stage. People: Both times I was there the crowd was very good looking and ready to have a good time! Drinks: Average lounge/club drink prices. Nothing too crazy. Like I said before. If its your first time or if your a local definitely take the time to check out Mango!
Came here one night when the gf and I were in South Beach. Certainly it was something different.. live music, dancers on stage, black lights throughout, hot bartenders.  Pretty good salsa music, not your typical reggaeton / rap, which was cool. Drinks were as expensive as you'd expect them to be in SoBe. The cover varied depending on the night. I think the night we went it was $10, but I saw it as high as $20. At $10 I think it's worth a visit.
Lots of fun.  Good food, Great drinks.  Been lucky enough to spend three birthday's there over a 8 year stretch and each time is an absolute blast.  Thanks Mango's.
No no no. Arrived there on a Sunday. Came all the way from California looking for a fun time and some salsa dancing. We all had passed to get in for free but my friend lost hers. It was 4 girls, 3 of which had the pass. Apparently they couldn't let it slide the ONE time and they insisted that we pay the 5$ cover. Like it's really going to make a difference to their bottom line. They couldn't just let us get in, even though it was my birthday weekend. We probably would've spent way more on drinks inside, but since I was so sour about the whole experience we left shortly after getting in. They may have been cheap but Nikki Beach gave us free bottle service the whole night...
A few years ago, I only came here for dinner.  I remember the food was good so two of my stars are for the food.   This year, we came here for the club/bar scene.  The place was super crowded!  Cover charge on Friday night was $10.  At the center of the restaurant/club, girls were on the bar table dancing their asses off.  They were definitely HOT!  My friends were not fans of the music on the main floor so we went upstairs to their hip hop room.   The music was mediocre...not what I hoped it would be.   Drinks were expensive!!!!  Small glass of vodka tonic (full of ice), was $15.   Bathroom was not air conditioned but a huge fan was put inside to help cool it down...not helpful.
One of my favorite place to go, energy is amazing!
For $10 in Miami on a Saturday night this club is definitely worth it. The main part has a lot going on, with live performances and dancers. Upstairs is the hip hop room and if I remember correctly there's also another hip hop room downstairs. With at least 3 different djs playing music you would think the sound would be off but somehow each section completely blocks out outside music. Drinks are pricey, but it's Miami so that wasn't a surprise. $9 for a corona, paid $7 for a weak shot of something one of their ladies was walking around advertising. Nice club though, all types of people and music and I think it's hard to beat $10 in Miami on the strip. Would definitely recommend and visit again
I can't elaborate how much I love this freaking place. they party every day of the week and pretty much any time of the day. the guys/bartendars/dancers are freaking HOT, especially a guy name Alex. OMG, he's just yummy. $5 coverage charge, all night long. They always have dancers on stage dancing/singing and salsa-ing, so it's very entertaining. The night that we went, they had a group of 3 guys dancing to Thriller and Billie Jean and I just yelped with joy. It was soooo freaking awesome! I've had many mojitos in my days and the only place that has the best mango moijito hands down, is Mango. My girls and I had about 20 mango mojitos that night. Love it love it love it!
My friends and I were on vacation from Rhode Island and we had such an amazing time here!!! Great music great staff and the dancers woof lol. The drinks were a little pricy but we were in Miami so we kind of were expecting that. Next time I'm in Miami I will not leave without stoping by this amazing place.
I visit Mangos every time I am in Miami, this trip was a disappointment. The food was not as great as previous trips and service was crap. Since they INCLUDE gratuity here, service can be whatever they want it to be & they sure w're not attentive at all. Entertainment was lacking a bit, I'm not too sure whats going on there but his trip was not a blast at Mangos as it always has been. I'm hoping the next time I visit it'll be much better.
Mango's is the place that manufactures the perception most folks have of South Beach. Latin music, hot dancers, sexy exotic girls on the dance floor at happy hour until close - Mango's offers it all.   The drinks are market priced, but they are strong.  The bartenders are friendly (wassup Olivia!), and the male dancers love to entertain the single women.  I am sure there are other places that have a similar experience, but this one is easy to find.
cool entertainment and tasty food!! dancers and singers are great at what they do, really gets the crowd going. it gets packed and lines form so come early if you're coming for dinner!
So I came here on my first night in Miami...one of the best times I've ever had!!!! I'm not going to lie,  my fiancé and I were being party poopers, we were exhausted from the early morning flight, so we thought...OK, lets just go out for dinner and go back to the hotel and call a night, then we'll party hardy tomorrow. pssss yea right!!! So we ate at Bice and decided to take a little walk before we went back to our hotel. I spotted the Clevelander and grabbed a few drinks, it was pretty cool, but it was not as "live" as we wanted, so we decided to explore some more. Soon enough, we spotted Mango's...AHA! Just the atmosphere we wanted!  OK, lets go in for a couple drinks and then go get some sleep...................forward to 5am and we left that place so joyful and drunk it made my first night in Miami an EPIC one! The dancers..........AMAZING The drinks.............VERY GOOD The service............SO FRIENDLY & WELCOMING and did I mention while waiting in line for the restroom I took selfies with a whole bunch of drunk girls?? AWESOME! I actually went the next morning to cure my hangover and grabbed some yummy sliders from there, was pretty happy overall.
Crazy, Loud and Mildly Sleazy Gosh, this place is from another era. Captures the old South Beach vibe perfectly.  Drinks and service are good.  Diverse tourist crowd. Reminds me of a bad/retro spring break destination bar. Your fun quotient will depend on the crowd you hang with here.
Unless you enjoy $15 tropical drinks I would bypass this tourist trap.  The prices are way too high and the drinks are too small imho.  Hit the Clevelander instead.
Don't order a mojito here. They are horrible. We had to take back all three of ours. She remade them and they still are not right. We had one at Mandy's Mojitos before coming in here and they were spot on. You can see from the picture that the mint is not muddled.  It's a Monday afternoon. there are not that many people in here. The live band and dancing are good and fun but that is only good for so long when your drinks suck!
I highly doubt locals hang out here, but it was awesome for us out of towners. We got a table in the corner just as the show was starting. Lots of entertainment, music, and pretty good food. I've been craving east coast pizza since I moved to the west coast and I enjoyed my white pizza thoroughly. My friends and I also shared a pitcher of sangria. The music was upbeat and it was a good start before hitting up the club. Plus it's located on a convenient street, so you really could go bar/restaurant hopping if you're unsatisfied with this one.
Interesting setting. Small portions but then again it seemed like every restaurant on Ocean Drive was trying to bleed the tourist.
I really enjoyed this place. We were able to sit on the second floor eat some good food and watch the entire show. If you want to experience Vegas on the beach with a Spanish twist I would totally recommend this place! Every time I visit south beach I will come here.
Being visitors in a new place we were frightened by the whole Sobe "image" thing. For instance: if you are with a few guys and one girl- forget about coming in or if you are a girl and aren't showing your goods-forget about coming in. Mangos quickly dissipated those misconceptions of the "sobe" (south beach) life style. Located on the beautiful Ocean Drive where you will see star sightings (I saw Steve Kerr). We took a little walk down there in our dancing clothes and shoes. I saw the street and I believe that walking is better than driving down this street as it is very busy. We arrived and saw a line. We were dreading staying in this line. LUCKILY we didn't. HOLLA! We were in and immediately saw that the club was extended to the outsider who were looking in. It was Cinco de Mayo so that means that there was alot going on. There were dancers on stage, beautiful hostesses wearing next to nothing. Table strewn about for people who wanted to eat (I did not partake).  We made our way up to the hip hop room and saw that everyone was dancing and not by the bar. I thought to myself, " I wonder why". Well its because drinks are super expensive!!! its like 13 dollars a drink!  Seriously. Why the HELL would you even try to rob people like that? If that was going to change I am sure alot more people would buy drinks at that place. That isn't a smart tactic. I know its South Beach, but jeez, get over it.  I WOULD have giving this place 4 stars otherwise. The music was cool but the guy on the mic just kept saying "NEWWW YOOOORRRK" and running around on the dance floor acting all sloppy. I enjoyed the different rooms but the hip hop room was my favorite.  The decorations everywhere was very latin influenced and there are several bars. The main stage had dancer including a Michael Jackson impersonator...how fun! So don't come here if you aren't expecting to dance there is no room for that. Enjoy the ambiance!
Tourist trap for sure.  It is pricey and music tends to be a bit too repetiive.  The staff look great, and there is a mix group that come in to enjoy this bar.  I only went just to check it out and see what everyone is talking about.
If you hate Miami, then you'll hate this place...If you love it, then you'll love it.  Unfortunately, I fall into the first category.   Wanna know what Mango's is like? Imagine EVERY IMAGINABLE Latino/Miami cliche, cover it in tropical florescent paint, hire a bunch of strippers/singers/waitress and you have Mango's.  Did I mention the overpriced drinks that are basically a shot of watered down rum in a vat of Kool-Aid? Ah. Now the picture is complete. Don't get me wrong--the place is "fun." As "fun" as a place can be, where having "fun" is the goal.  Having "fun" yet? Look at the muscular strippers! Wait! There are boobs!  THEY'RE DANCING ON THE BAR! CRAZY! That being said: the place is basically an institution to Miami tackiness. So....final verdict? Go for a drink (but I'd order a beer), don't order anything that doesn't have a price-tag on it, and leave quickly because there is not a bottle of excedrin in the world large enough to get rid of the Latin-beats-headache that will inevitably afflict you after.
Let's say that it something to be seen in miami beach, the place is nice and the concerts or shows are fun. But it is not really my style and the margarita I had was disgusting...
If I could give them less points I would. Wanted to go somewhere where we could eat AND dance. bad idea. Food was awful, no one even managed to eat half their plates.  Sat outside and saw cockroaches running around near the table. Lets hope that doesn't migrate to the kitchen. The waiter was the rudest human Ive ever met, was actually shouting at us. Themusic and crowd were cheesy and touristy. Will NEVER ever go back. Drinks were OK but not worth the rest of the awful experience.
Wepa Wepa Wepa!!!!! Felt like being in NYC with Palm Trees.  Love the diversity and culture.  Felt home. Dale.....
$5 cover on July 4th night. This place feels like the center of Miami Beach. Only place with a line and everywhere else is within walking distance. The drinks here are indeed expensive, but you are definitely paying for the atmosphere. This place has a dance floor, live shows, and a great location. The mojitos were pretty good and the sangria was amazing. Gratuity was included in the bill, which was kind of a bummer. I think coming here once for the experience was good, but hitting up the nearby bars for drinks would be a wiser choice.
Our favorite hangout when we want to let our hair down. Just wish my husband would get on stage LOL. Love the atmosphere, scene there.
The PERFECT place for a group! We came for my bachelorette party and couldn't have asked for a better time!! We ate dinner here (which was honestly much better than I expected) and had some drinks too! The passion fruit mojito is a MUST. The entertainment was so fun!! They even let me get up on stage and dance with the performers. After dinner, we dances all night in the different rooms... The second story has like 3 different rooms each playing different music to dance to, so you can break it down to whatever you'd like! My girls got me a lap dance for the bachelorette package, but after another bachelorette went up before me (THANK GOD) we quickly canceled lol. I'm not super prude, but was too much for me, personally... Although the bachelorette who went up before me seemed to really enjoy it so it's personal preference I guess haha. Definitely entertaining though! The staff was really fun and nice! I love this place!!
Definitely an awesome time. I wouldn't call this a "tourist trap" -- instead, I'd say this place attracts the better crowd. Unpretentious and lively -- everyone was here to enjoy SoBe and have a great time. The music selection was great. There was live music on the ground floor, and two hip hop rooms on the upper level. Go to Mango's to have fun, and skip the crowds who try too hard at the clubs.
Fun entertainment, mixed drinks not so good (you'll be safe with a beer) Food tasted like it came from a can so don't order anything. Place was a little on the tacky side.
Was here for large private party year ago and it was a real hoot - the dancers were so so energetic and continuously entertained us all.  Food and drinks were generous.  We had to clear out by 9pm for the regular nightlife to enjoy - a cool place.  We are not that into the dance all night seen, else it would on our favorites list. Drove by a month so ago in afternoon and it  was busy.  If we could have found parking would have stopped for a Mojito.
This place is a dump! They make you pay full price to make a reservation (which should have been my first clue). The food was straight out of the freezer section at a grocery store. The show was made up of the wait staff putting on costumes and dancing on the bar. It's basically a night club with a few tables in it. Overpriced and not worth the money.  Definitely a tourist trap.
people come here for three reasons: salsa lessons, flavored mojitos, and girls in tight clothes... eventually dancing on the bar.  they lose a star because of the required wardrobe - no one wants to see purple zebra stripes .  seriously would anyone really wear that???  if for some reason you don't have id you can always slip the bouncer closest to 9th a $20 and you're almost guaranteed entrance but watch out for the shot girls because they're all rats!!
Cover charge of $10 is well worth it for the entertainment! Female and male dancers scantily clad dancing to salsa and hip hop. . . What more could you want from South Beach! Drinks may be overpriced but I'm not positive.
Always have to make a visit when we hit Miami. It's fun & lively. Music & dancing- good times. If we're headed there to eat we make sure to sit outside because inside can be loud and crowded. Food and drinks are good. I recommend Mango's to anyone visiting Miami.
mango's is loco en la cabeza. in wild spring break naked kinda way ...and i likee .fried shrimp were awesome, mango margarita cold and strong .and again the hot latin flavor really pulsated through the place. no cover ,no clothes , no just messing around .tiny crawl up there butt kinda clothes hot like sobe in the night. livin the vida
I'm giving 4 stars for the great entertainment and wonderful drinks !!! I can sit there forever just watch the dancer dancing on the counter, LOVE the atmosphere . so much fun. Awesome Spanish music. The place is all painted like jungles. There was a guy with two big parrot that danced on his shoulders and you can take pictures with. There is outside seating as well. This place is one truly unique place . so difference than any where else.  There was a band sing reggae and dances with people and trying to get participation from the customers. The bartender/ dancer gave us an attidude when we ask to see the entire bills to see if the tips were already included in there. That's probebly the only problem we had. Anywhere in key west seems like 18% tips already added in. Other than that everything is awesome and so much fun. We went during the day so its wasn't that busy but I'm sure at night and on the weekend must be amazing ! I will defiantly would want to go back !!
I saw someone else review that they doubt locals hang here... this is probably true for most.  Definitely a fun place for a night if you're visiting Miami though,  I actually had a staff member at the hotel I stayed at suggest going there one night instead of the usual club/lounge/hotel scene. I went with a friend that was visiting South Beach with me & another NY friend who is originally from Fort Lauderdale.  We had a blast!  It was a nice change from the typical Miami scene.  Very loud and in your face (in a good way).  There are dancers that dance up on the bar and put on a fun show. Definitely recommended for a change of pace from the typical SoBe scene.
Mangos employees are racist. Employees need to weigh a specific amount. The food is gross. The drinks are horrible. In a nutshell, mangos sucks!
Mangos is a great experience, but bartenders usually have a bad attitude, drinks are overpriced and sometimes it gets too crowded. The central stage is a show like no other in Ocean drive
MOJITOS, MOJITOS!!  If you have to have them in Miami for a reasonable price, have them here.  And by reasonable I mean $9/bucks a pop as oppsed to $18 for the same 10oz drink.  Yes, some places in Miami are outrageously expensive  because THIS celebrity and THAT celebrity have been spotted there. But I digress......Mango's is a great place to hang out all day as Jonathan stated, though I didn't.  But the staff is great and will dance for you and with you if you like.  I heard the food was great, carne asada and the like.  And you just can't beat it for a live floor show and band.  It's a party, party and all the people are friendlier after a few mojitos. I'd rate this high as a place for single women travelers as well.
FUN FUN FUN!!!!! A Sobe must! Entertainment is wonderful! They dance & sing their hearts out especially Livan Jimenez - a real showman, he's the Latin Elvis. You will fall in love with his voice & he does splits!!!! RESPECT! Most of the women are beautiful not so much for what's on the outside but their smiles are like sunshine & they are extremely talented booty shakers! Again.. RESPECT, ladies - love my Mango's girls, they do work! Food is not great but no one goes to Mango's for the food. Male bartenders are not the eye candy they could be although their dance routine will give you a heart attack! Mango boys could teach the rest of you sloppy, out of shape, inflexible chumps a thing or too! Every man should dance & look like this! Ladies best bartenders are Lazaro, buy your drinks from him! How do you know which one is Lazaro? Look for the one that looks like an angel.. he glistens, that's him! He's deserves your $$$. Tip him well! Bartender #2, Hector also happens to be the best bartender/dancer in the joint with Lazaro a close 2nd! Hector's snake move will hypnotize you into giving him all your $$$ because it's so damn official! He's got a cross tattooed under his belly button which I'm sure goes straight to hell! These guys are good people! Tip them well. They HUSTLE!!!!
They should have ZERO STARS.  Their service, staff. I called from Cali to get my girls and myself in here for a Bachelorette party and was told over the phone cover was paid in person. No problems. Why the hell are we here and told we had to have a reservation or we can't go on in unless we wait in line. Um stupid. I'm not waiting in line especially when I was told two months ago we just had to show up. And the guy telling me this is rude. Straight up. Bullshit service from this SOB.  Taking our business elsewhere. Thank you very much. NOT recommending this spot. F that.
Salsa, salsa, salsa..(but say it like Jerry Seinfeld would) If you like it, and those who perform to it, then this is your place.  I like it, you know, definitely what I expected Miami to be like, but I also like some variety. I guess there is a different room upstairs that plays hip hop or something.  After 2 hours of salsa any kind of music was most welcome, but by the time we caught on to this, the room was closing down for the night.  Drinks were good, lots of tropical drinks to choose from.  The people were friendly. I definitely felt like I was in Miami when I was there. Too bad, I didn't know where to REALLY go to at night!
This place was A LOT of fun and I really enjoyed when our waiters broke out into spontaneous dance numbers. The michael jackson bit was pretty awesome. Only drawback was how crowded it was but it is a must see if you are visiting south beach. 3.5 stars.
very fun place to party! The hip hop room is great and played great music all night! Main level has a stage with latin music and dancing all night, the second floor has the hip hop room and EDM kinda room. Great place along the main strip in Miami.
Mango's have decent food but it was good. I had an avocado salad which was A+. I don't remember what everyone else ordered but there was no complaints. The drinks were a slight rip off, lol but it's Mango's, what do we expect? I had a Miami Vice drink which was definitely delicious. Like I said, no complaints from myself or friends. They also had some action in the middle of the room, where there is a stage and the "Mango ladies" (all of them were dressed in skin-tight, tropical colored attire) would sing and perform for the crowd. They really wanted us to get our money's worth, which is always a good thing, especially in an expensive place like Miami! In the night, I really didn't feel like hitting up this spot because I wanted to try something different but my cousin and other friends really wanted to go here. I mean, the place was packed, it's a downstairs level and also two rooms on the upper level, including a hip-hop room. It was five bucks for admission (well for us since I heard them charging people ten), so that's cool. Yeah, I mean, the place was pretty cool and lively with a Latin Vibe so maybe I might check it out again when I come back (or if I really have no choice).
I really enjoyed Mango's! The food was good, the service was good, and the drinks were great! I had a Mango Margarita which was soooo yummy. The staff was very lively and fun to watch and interact with. If you have children with you, be sure to eat outside! Inside is a little more adult like with girls dancing around in tight sexy outfits.
What an awesome experience. I went to Miami for three nights and spent two of them here at Mango's. Great food, ambiance, drinks, dancing, and overall time here at Mangos. If your looking for a good time, like Latin good and music, this is your best bet. I will definitely come back here next time I am in South Beach!
Walking down Ocean Blvd., this seems to be the one club that's very open about what's going on inside.  They have TV screens showing employees dancing on the bar, and views are wide open so you can see throughout the rest of the club.  Mansion, B.E.D., SoBe Live, etc., all seem to hide the inside through a thick curtain.  Why? I don't know how to salsa, but my girlfriend and I stopped by after seeing the dancers on the screen.  We avoided the cover charge by getting in pretty late, and took up a table near the dance floor, watching the rest of the night as various dancers showed their moves.  Made me really wish I knew how to dance...this was enough motivation to take lessons soon. Drinks are reasonably priced, staff are pretty friendly, and free shows all the time - either on stage, or on the floor.  Definitely a great place to stop, whether you're going to be dancing or just watching.
i loved this place! you have to check it out during night life.  it is live and jumpin. we danced downstairs in the latin area and upstairs in the hip hop area. both were soooo awesome!!!! all i did was dance all night so i dont know about the food and the drinks :/
Loved the atmosphere.  We couldn't help but dance in our seats!  The waiters/dancers were very entertaining.  Then they had the mini dance club upstairs with the hip hop music too!  A friend had told me about this place, but never did I imagine it would be this great.  It was our first stop and definitely a night to remember!
This place has only one thing going for it. HYPE. The music is ok, depending who they have live. They have some "performers" who dance on the front bar area. 3 Micheal Jackson shows a night. The drinks are boring and WAY OVER PRICED. 1 drink minimum per music set! If you are here for the show, then all good. Everything else is over priced.
I agree with the cheesy - given the costumes of the people who work here. But, they make good drinks and the food was decent. Good place to people watch and just sit around basking in the Miami-ness.
Great place to start your vacation in South Beach...sets the stage for an eventful day'
This review is solely for the nighclub scene- I have mixed feelings about this place.  The music is cool and lively- merengue, salsa, reggaeton.  Live entertainment with hot dancers.   Huge mix of people, young and old, tourists who wanna get a feel of the latin scene and locals who are only there because they love to dance.  The bartenders are very good looking and dressed in tight and revealing attire.   The drinks are blah so order something simple.  The place itself reminds me of being in Tijuana or Rosarito- a little raunchy, a little dirty a little sketchy.  I wouldn't feel safe getting too tipsy there- but it seems like you could have a fun evening of sober dancing.
shitty food, shitty drinks -- total tourist trap and buff latin dudes wearing leopard tank tops.
Of course while in Miami you have to experience the strip on ocean dr right? Well if you want your wallet to get raped than Mango's is the place! Over $100 for 4 shots 2 drinks and 1 beer! The dancing show on the bar was the only saving point!
This place is soooooo cheesy and touristy.....BUT I LOVE IT!!! Don't come here for the food! Come for the ridiculously overpriced and delicious mojitos/ specialty cocktails! And the entertainment! Always live music. Always a show on the top of the bar. Always dancing. People of all ages, tourists, locals, we all flock here, bc it is always entertaining! Come here any night. Every night. So much fun!
wow.  nuts.  crazy dance club.  the front and the second floor are pretty cramped.  go to the back left if you want somewhere to sit and try to have a conversation with someone.  the music is pretty loud.  unique to this venue (as far as i've seen in miami) is that their employees will occasionally come out for choreographed dance routines.  there was a live band when we rented out this place...they rocked out...not sure if it was a house band or just a random local group.  if you're in the front, be ready to be captured on video.  there is a video camera that projects you standing/dancing(mostly) in the front area.  located in the heart of south beach on ocean drive and 9th or 10th.
My partner and I spent on a brief time in Miami Beach and I am absolutely certain the night we spent at Mango's will remain in both our memories and one of the most fun nights out we have ever spent together.  It was so much fun! Parking is a bitch, yes.  Drinks are expensive, yes.  But it's all worth it, really.   The waiters and waitresses double as dancers... they hop up on the bar and do all kinds of performances that range from genuinely awesome to so completely ridiculous that you can't help but love it.  I had never had a male dancer make me squeeeeeel until that night at Mango's.   Before I went to Mango's I read reviews from women who advised not to go here with a guy on a date because the waitresses are "too distracting"... and I was pleasantly surprised to find that the waiters were equally distracting and my partner and I were able to enjoy the general sexiness of everyone. The Michael Jackson tribute dance show was truly great - I'm a big fan of MJ's moves and these guys pulled them off well.  The various singers, partnered dancers, and hip-hop dancers were also fun to watch. The dance floor was super energetic and had overall great vibes.  Everyone was in a fun-loving and festive mood.  Not pretentious or snooty at all.  There were plenty of people on the dance floor but there was still enough room to get pretty into the music and not step on anyone's toes.  We were there on a Sunday night so this may be different on a Fri/Sat.   My only qualm about the whole experience was that the bathroom attendants were a little uncomfortable to deal with.  They were mostly asleep in their chairs, and when they woke up for a moment to try to hand me a paper towel they definitely scowled at me if I refused.  Hey, I have frizzy hair in the humidity and prefer to spare the wasted paper in favor of wetting my hair down a bit with the leftover moisture on my hands after washing.  Two birds, one stone, don't scowl at me! Go to Mango's!  You'll have a great time! :)
Yay for the Salmon BBQ salad!! There's live entertainment - which is really cool. The mojitos are great! I got the coconut. :D It was a little pricy, but I loved the salad so much, it was okay in the end. If you're a poor grad student like me, I'd opt out..haha...then again what is life without experiencing fun places?! It was about 24 for one person.
Fun entertainment from various Latin music...Chill place. Dress code not so highly enforced. I had a good time here.
I went here back in May 2014 with my cousins.  We had a blast! The food was OK and pricey because of the location but the entertainment is why I give this place 5 stars.  We went during there in the afternoon around 4 pm and the entertainers were great and they really interacted with the audience making it an awesome.  I can't wait to go back to Miami, I will definitely come back here.
If you're a tourst in South Beach, if you have to at least get the MANGO's experience! Yes, its a trashy bar dancing show where the bartenders bare all, but hey they're all hot!  Its true, its the tourist trap you wanna be in! Spend a few hours throwing down shots and watching the bartenders shake it to a popular Latin routine.
Loved the micheal jackson impersonator! Not enough dancing.
Just went here for a bachelorette party and it was PERFECTION. We got a "Bachelorette Party Package," booked ahead of time. It was a little pricey but for a bach party, it was spot on. Let me count the ways!!: 1. V-V-V-V-IP service. We were immediately ushered in by leotard-clad women to our reserved table in a sectioned off area directly in front of the stage. The servers were attentive all night long. They were super friendly and sweet. 2. The entertainment was SPECTACULAR. Literally the hottest men and women ever did performance after performance after performance upon the bar/stage area. The costumes were so cool, the music was super high-energy, and everyone's ass was superb. I couldn't get over how attractive everyone was (men and women) who worked here. 3. Bachelorette treatment was great! Our bach got a gift bag filled with tons of GOODIES, a free shot, and a special dance on stage. 4. Atmosphere: EXACTLY what you want for a bachelorette weekend in Miami- huge club, booze flowing freely, attractive men everywhere, and a focus on making sure you all are having fun. 5. THE FOOD. I was blown away by how tasty it was. Our menu had choices of a fish, beef, chicken, or pasta dish and each item was more tasty than the last. I had the steak and it was BANGIN'. Completely unexpected for a salsa-themed nightclub. 6. THERE WERE NO LINES FOR THE WOMEN'S BATHROOM. NONE! And it was packed!! If this isn't enough to sell you, you clearly hate fun and happiness. The ladies and I all left on a high of happy times. Thank you Mangos.
Mango's has to be on your list of go-to places in SoBe. There are two floors. The bottom floor has a dining/seating area and a stage where performers sing and dance (or both!) It's really a great time. From the top floor you could see the performers or you could go to the dance floor which is awesome. The music played consists of a little bit of everything. I would definitely recommend.
Was told that I had to go when I moved to Miami.  This was very different from my bar experience in my native Boston!  Pubs vs Clubs is the best way to describe the two.  Mangos was fun and touristy.  I definitely wouldn't go on a regular basis, but I think it's a Miami must-see.  It's unique and something that you won't forget.  The drum players were awesome.  The band was decent; they at least played something to dance too, but it wasn't techno club music, you could salsa!  I went with two girlfriends and we had a good time.  Probably stayed to watch the sights for about an hour and had a drink or two each.  Didn't really go into the other rooms.  Mangos is all about the main downstairs area anyway.  Paid a $5 if I remember correctly..not bad.  The crowd wasn't too wild either which I liked; no one trying to just get up on everyone.  Lol.  It's a place to watch the spectacular really.  I give thumbs up  :)
A trip to South Beach will never be complete without visiting Mango's.  My wife and I were walking down the strip and were lured in to this place by the beautiful hostess.  We sat down pretty close to what resembled a dance floor..cool! A dude comes along with some parrots and asked if we wanted a photo...we said no thanks. We came in time for the happy hour, awesome! Cheap drinks and OK food.  Please note... my 5 star rating is not for the food... the food here is decent at best. So my wife and I are chowing down on our burgers when all of a sudden a bunch of the "mango dancers" pop up on the stage....... AWESOME! They all did a fantastic job and their costumes were fun.  An hour later we are still there, feeling pretty "loose" and a live band pops up.  The main singer was very funny and sang all types of genres. The parrot dude came back and at this point... we said screw it... lets take the photo.... yes, we were taken while intoxicated... so it's justified... lol.
295- for bottle service which means you get a table and a place to sit down.  Had to beg for water.  The thing that makes this place so bad is the lack of ventilation, after being here for 4 hours I felt like I had literally smoked a carton of cigarettes.  We had fun dancing, but there's lots of clubs on south beach better than this one!
Booty, booty, booty, rockin' everywhere! When you say the word "Mango's" to someone that has already been here their eyes light up and I always get the same response "you'll love it there, you have to go there". This happened on a few occasions when I was at South Beach. The girls that are employed their have ungodly bodies and the way they move is ridiculous, fuck a strip club with that fake shit. Even if you bring a straight girl here with you, they will be mesmerized by how these girls work it. You can't teach that. Really the biggest draw is the bartenders/dancers and to a much, much lesser extent the live music. But they do have a team of MJ impersonators that are completely on point. Tucked away on the 2nd floor is a hip-hop room if you want a less in your face change of pace. Mango's is an absolute must for the Miami virgin. On a side note, a girl that recommended this place to me before I went to South Beach called me a nerd for writing a review on this. Mango's showed me a good time so I want to show Mango's some NY love. Love me or leave me alone.
While on vacation to Miami, ladies at the front desk of the hotel my friends and I were staying at spoke highly of this place.  Even gave us tickets to skip the line and get in free.  If your hotel offers those passes, take them! We arrived around 10:30-11p and the line was extremely long.  With those passes, we went right in skipping the line.   One of the first things we did was walk around and see what was there: main stage where they have impersonators, dancers and singers, another stage and dance floor. Tables for reservation it looked like, and upstairs there are 2 hip hop rooms.  After that we headed to the bar.   While at the bar, no one came to take our order.  Wasn't until we moved down did someone even notice us.  I guess that should have been a sign because the drinks are not cheap.  My drink was $11.90, PLUS they add in service fee which hiked my total up to about $15.  Thought I was in Vegas for a quick second.  They don't tell you, you just see it on the receipt.  After that fiasco, I wasn't ordering anything else.  No food, no nothing! I was not about to be cheated again.  And I'd rather control how much of a tip i give, especially if the service is bad. Oh well, life goes on. To the dance floor we go! We went upstairs to the hip hop rooms and I got my cardio on. It was so hot in both rooms. I have never sweat like that. But when you look around at the other people, the are sweating just as much. One guy literally had sweat dripping off his nose. Other than the heat it was still very much enjoyable. Downstairs where the second stage was, there was a conga. Love the outfits! There's just so much going on at all times you can't get bored. Aside from the bartenders who weren't paying attention, the security guard was super cool and chatted it up with us while we, rather I, cooled down. He was like dancing with us it was hilarious. But if anyone tried to get in from the side he had like a radar and stopped them immediately haha! A few days later we came back, but during the day. Still had performers and it was still super fun! Danced a little and then headed to the beach. The life. All in all my experience there was a good one. I would go back, but I would not buy anything.
I don't come here for the food, there are way better options in South Beach. I come here for the nightlife. The mojitos are great, the show is nice and the staff is super hot! It's loud, It's busy, es muy caliente! Come get a drink, catch the show and enjoy the eye candy!
fun place to go for a show. be careful on what to eat though because some of the dishes were REALLY horrible. sliders were the most decent item out of everything that people ordered. try and get there early to get a front seat where all the dancing happens. we were pushed to a corner in the back because we had a large group and we could only watch on a tv screen. definitely not as much fun. they had lots of drinks to order from and those were very tasty. so overall - just come here for drinks and the show.
We were in Miami for a week for a wedding and my brother in law left his Credit Card here the night before. So, with our two year old in tow, on the way to the beach, we stopped by Mango's to pick it up. The girls were so sweet with our son we decided to go ahead and eat lunch here. It was noon on Thursday. We (party of 7) were say immediately and our waitress quickly took our drink order. I got the Cuban Sandwich, my husband and brother in law had the fish tacos and my sister and sister in law had a mahi sandwich. All of our food was excellent. And our waitress was very attentive. I would recommend this place for lunch to anyone. Get the Cuban :)
Returning for the 2nd time here, and I was not as impressed as last time. The salmon salad's mangos and tomatoes didn't taste very fresh. The side of garlic shrimp I got was good, but the Mango's chicken wings were not freshly fried. Overall, come for the 50% happy hour drinks and live performance.
As far as the raunchy south-beach like entertainment you would normally expect in the area, this club really delivers. Since it's on ocean drive, expect it to be pricey, especially on new years night, but in comparison to every where else on south beach, this place delivers the most value.
Really fun place from what I remember. Me and my friends came here after KoDs so we were pretty happy by that time. Great music and great atmosphere. Everyone there was just having a good time. Def a late party place if you are looking for one. Prices were fair.
Fun times!! Hip hop in the upstairs room!!!
good spot... very latin.... slutty dancers in slutty outfits..corny cuban men dancing with tacky outfits but all in all a good times! def a fun spot to get crunked and dance to spanish music and meet some good looking people
We came here for my birthday and it was so much fun!! I heard this place from a friend and she recommended this place with high remarks. This place had a $10 cover (not bad at all) on a Friday night. The ambiance is really fun and exciting with so many dancers and live performances. We orders drinks and none of us didn't realize the 18% gratuity was included and our waitress didn't inform us; she almost acted in a way so that we didn't see it on the bill because she took it away so fast when we signed! It's really the only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars. So now you know, gratuity is included! Anyway, this is just a great place to get loose :)
Hands down the people in South Beach can party. The staff is full of energy dancing  and serving up drinks. I never saw so many ken's in my life. Needless to say, I had a great time it  and liked the chessy latino flare. PS. The girls really need to seriously rethink the frankenstein boots it doesn't look good..
i loved this place! one of the highlights from this whole miami trip. there was a jamaican band that performed that night and the lead singer actually reached out his hand to the second floor to shake my hand!! haha made me feel extra special :) fun place to have a few drinks and listen to sexy music
It's been five months since I've been to Miami Beach, and Mango's still stands out as the ultimate SoBe experience for visitors. That's the problem:  SoBe for visitors, tourists, conventioneers, etc.  I'm not sure if the locals drive down Collins to go here.  Those with money probably go to Nikki Beach. I'm a salsa dancer, and Miami has the reputation for being a top salsa destination.  I did some research online, and half the people say that Mango's is THE top place to dance.  Serious dancers say no, this is not authentic, not anything like the clubs in NY or LA. Having been to Mango's, I lean strongly toward the second opinion.  But I'm no snob, I'll try to have fun and help others have fun, but . . . this is a bar, nightclub, watch a show, have fun and get drunk with friends place, but NOT a dancer's special.  The floor is small.  With so many tourists, you can't tell who knows how to salsa, samba, bachata, merengue, etc.  If I had visited after midnight instead of at 8pm, I may have danced more but my (drunk) partner may have slobbered on my shirt.  The live music is good, the pro dancers put on a good show, the bar in the middle has a large countertop that doubles as a stage.  This being South Beach, I assume the drinks are awfully expensive. I was looking for the real Miami, and this is NOT it.  I was disappointed.
Mango's is hysterical.  My husband and I flew into Miami on our way down to Key West and decided to stop on Ocean Drive for a quick lunch and a walk on the beach.  Mango's was the only place that seemed even remotely interesting, so we grabbed some seats out on the sidewalk where the misters are.  This was around mid-afternoon so we were pretty much the only people in the restaurant at this time.   The food was just ok, but not bad.  Drinks were strong, but expensive.  Due to the slowness of the time of day, we were treated to the servers primping and preening to anyone who walked by.  Their outfits are, um, questionable at best and when my husband asked to take my picture with them, they declined.  Lovely.   So, this place is a little trashy but it was not bad.  We would probably return if we wanted a quick bite with an ocean view.
not a good place to visit for tourists. stay away cost 10 bucks cover (or 15..i cant recall).  Once inside, you are escorted by a half-naked chick to some bar upstairs where you cant hear anything or see anything due to darkness and loud music.  Drinks were $20 bucks each. Glass of soda was $15. no lie. the crowd was really old and not-attractive. left after 15 minutes.
Everytime I visit South Beach I have to visit this spot. The food is good and affordable for South Beach. The drinks are great as well-they are not as expensive as other spots on the same street, and I love the live entertaiment-they have dancers on the bar, they have live bands...they also play a variety of music selections, fun for everyone to enjoy. After a certain time is the evening there is a cover charge of $10, but it is well worth the service and entertainment.
My group stayed on South Beach 2-3 nights and we constantly made our way to mango's not only is the food and drinks great but the entertainment was awesome.  The cuban sandwich was one of the best I had ever had but do not get the shrimp burrito, it was awful!  The mojitos were awesome but very expensive $8-12 per drink usually.   Down in the main room they had many dancers and diffirent styles of latin dancing ranging from Carnival (Brazilian Marti Gras) style dancing and outfits to Micheal Jackson tribute shows.   Each room upstairs ranged from latin, reggae, R&B and hip hop rooms.  The crowd was very diverse and full of hot women.  Great spot to go and meet people around the down.
Total entertainment and energy.  We didn't eat but enjoyed the show and laughed at the shake-your-money-maker bootie's.  Worth the stop down Ocean in the night, just before 10PM and it's free!
Please. Don't buy into the hype. The place is a tourist trap. Overpriced food and drinks - Check Cheesy decor - Check Loud cover music - Check Waitress in scantily clad leotards - Check The only advantage to this place is that its right on the Ocean Drive strip. Perfect for people watching. Just throw on some dark shades and watch the half naked parade roll by.
Swanky, fun and sexy entertainment. This is an awesome place to hang in South Beach! The food is hearty, the drinks are plenty and the entertainment brings the fun local vibe. With non-stop entertainment of salsa dancing/singing, you're bound to have a great time here! There is a live band and an MC/singer that just carries the night away! My buddies and I were just giggly and happy the entire night at Mangos. The menu was also full of surprises. I was deciding between the BBQ Chicken Sandwich or the Pizza Burger.  Our server recommended the Pizza Burger. I also ordered a non-alcoholic "Son on Beach" drink, which had pineapple juice, ginger ale and grenadine. Super yummy drink! The burger was pretty good too, complete with lots of tomato sauce and melted mozzarella cheese. It also came with a side of fries. Mangos' got it bigtime. Give a visit if you're in the area!
Great place to go and eat on a Friday night.  Has great music and the foold is good.  Always crouded but the overall setting is good.  Such wonderful latina music to dance too : )
My friends and I visited Mango on several occasion over a long weekend (8/21 to 8/25) and we had the best time!!  The cover was only 5 dollars; the music changed every free songs, from salsa, Brazilian to hip hop.  There was separate room (voodoo room i think), upstairs that played rap and hip hop all night.  The drinks were crazy expensive (15 dollars or more with service charge, which is always included everywhere in Miami), but at least they were tasty and strong!  I had a caipirinha and it was enough!  We tried other places but Mango's was a guaranteed fun so i will highly recommend it.  If you don't want to pay a lot to get into a place, wear what you want, from dressy to casual, meet all kinds of people, and listen to a lot of different types of music, this is your place.
Forget the haters, this place rocks! I'm not a fan of waiting in line at a bouncer's discretion to get into a club ANYWHERE (they're all hot smoky boxes with overpriced drinks to me, lol). This place has no line, is like $10 to get in on Saturdays, and is a blast! If you want variety, go upstairs, they have several rooms playing hiphop/ techno (I think ,it's been a year or so since I last came here). The dancers at the main bar are fun to watch, flashy and mostly talented. Drinks are the same price anywhere on South Beach. There is an older crowd here, but my husband and I are the older crowd now, so it suits us just fine. I can't wait to have a girls night out here again sometime!
Expensive drinks but an overall very fun atmosphere -- the dancers and bartenders dance on the bar. Good time, especially if you are on vacation.
This place has the best guacamole EVER! Other than that I don't remember much besides the loud, loud singing and Latin music behind it every 3 minutes--not saying that's a bad thing but I stopped by here my last night of a wild spring break in Miami and I was not into it. Seriously though get the guacamole.
Mango's won my heart for sure! My fiance & I flew in to Miami late, but we still wanted to go out for a bite to eat & some dancing before we crashed for our first night. We ended up coming to Mango's.. And we were sure glad we did! We were pleased to see that they were still serving dinner when we arrived (right around midnight). Both of our dishes were good. I can't remember exactly what is was we had & the menu online does not list everything that the restaurant has on the actual menus. I had some sort of sandwich, and my fiance had some sort of tacos.. All I know is that we arrived hungry, tired & not in the best mood... Within minutes, we started to cheer right up! There were only a couple of downfalls to this place  - The music is ridiculously loud here (as expected from a club, but I had to text my man during the entire meal because we were sick of yelling across the table to have a conversation). Also, the strobe lights here are not for the faint... Almost enough to make someone have a stroke I think... But on the up side of things, when we were done eating & we continued our fun by dancing & drinking, we were enjoying the crazy atmosphere way more! The other downfall was that we did end up having to pay a small cover fee just to get in to eat (I think it was $5/each), but once we did, I was glad we stuck around.. We were planning on hitting one of other clubs in the area, but couldn't bring ourselves to leave Mango's! We had fun dancing & enjoying the music... But the workers here really make it... They are gorgeous, and not only are they gorgeous, they sing, dance, and play drums... We ended up staying here pretty late! If you come to Miami Beach & you leave without going to Mango's you are really missing out!!
this place was sooooo much fun! the food was delicious, the servers are dressed in super cute outfits, and the out door seating makes for great people watching! dont just walk by!!!
Holy $!#@ this place is the @$#! We seriously had an amazing time  Yo to my dude Mario at the door security/host bro your amazing funny friendly and great customer service  and to mi amore veronica girl your off the hook on point drinks an girl you cannnn shake it haha the best time ever we'll see you soon
First bar I ever visited in South Beach. My first thoughts were that it was a touristy dive bar. It was noon on a Tuesday and people were dancing on the bar that was nearly empty which is A-OK in my book. We ordered some Miami Vices which are topped with 151 to give it some extra bite and some ceviche to start off. After our second drinks were done we were getting a good buzz and decided to order some food. We split some fish and pork tacos both of which were good and went inside to watch the performance. My first experience has prompted me to become a regular whenever I visit. THe service is good, food is solid and the vibe is fun. A good bar to introduce yourself to South Beach.
So fun! I went here for my bachelorette party and we had a blast! The dancers are great and so is the vibe! Will definitely go again on my next trip to South Beach.
Now this place is little wild and sexy. The food is just OK, however the club music and dancing is wild. This place at night is a meat market for single people. Mixed crown and lots of dancing on the floor, on top of bars and stages and all over the place. Sexy girls dancing on the bar top and for the girls they also have men dancing as well. I've had the experience of going there a few times whenever I'm in south beach and although i did not care for the food that much I did enjoy the music and dancing and met some interesting people every time I visited. They have an upstairs balcony that overlooks the lower bar and dance floor and all the action. I real party please at nights and especially on the weekends.   I also had lunch there once with my niece and the food was better during that lunch and we took pictures with Parrots. So if you like to party and get wild this is the place for you
Mangos! yummy drinks and even yummier eye candy. The place itself is loud and fun. There were streamers and Carnaval dancers. A must go in SoBe. The bartenders were a bit slow but they were also packed which must be a good thing. Cant wait to go back.
Nice place, not for dancing. Crowded, expensive drinks. Dancers need professional training.
Cool place but food and drinks were overpriced and they messed up 2 out of 6 of the orders. Also, a lot of the workers were so out of it...like they are on drugs or something. Waiter couldn't even figure out how to spit our bill evenly. Live band is my only positive.
This place was amazing! The waiters and waitress are gorgeous and we were able to enjoy dinner and a show. Food was alright but the drinks are to die for! I had to overlook the taste of the food because I was enjoying myself soo much! The ambiance is amazing and i'm sure if I came a little past the dinner crowd this place would be off the hook! Highly reccommened. The staff and managers are super attentive. Drinks were yummy!
Ahhhhh, mangos!!  I went here for the first time with a friend of mine.  What a night.  We closed the place at around 4:30am.  What fun!  Two girls getting hit on every time we turned around...and the best part was the male bartenders!  While yes, it is cheesy....the bartender rips open his shirt every time you look at him..........that is just a lot of fun!  We laughed and enjoyed every second of the eye candy!!  It's just an entertaining place!  The people are nice, the bartenders are crazy hot, and the latin dancing is fun to watch.  Loved every minute of this place and can't wait for our next trip to miami!!
Reminds me of clubs at the point in Cancun, or maybe Cancun was copying Mango? Good location off Ocean Dr. Somewhat gritty and trashy ambience, not as pretty and classy like other clubs. Fine if that's what you're into.
Every time I come here I end up not quite remembering the ending of the night....which means AWESOME NIGHT. The mojitos are great and of course the samba and performances through out the night... Best place in town. Somehow we can start at Story nightclub or LIV ...And we end up here :)
i always go there when in town, i went 12/21 and 12/19 during a day and it was very so so ... dancers didnt feel like dancing and it seemed like the manager ( bald guy) had to make em dance and look for em every time it was time to dance or sing.... also they didnt keep entertainment going all the time and there were people at the tables and bar... usually it's more outgoing experience , maybe cause it's before holidays...
I've club hopped and I must say nothing like the vibe at mangos the music is great & they put quite a show on . The reason its a 4 star and not 5 is because we had a nasty waiter who became rude because we wouldn't buy another bottle ! Other than that its a must in my book .
Mangos is lots of fun. They have attractive latin men and women entertaining the club goers with sexy dance performances, This place is a must see if your on vacation. It's alot of fun, however, I feel like I am clubbing at an all inclusive resort.  Great place to bring out of town guest.
I used to love Mangos but this time around I was not happy. They charged $19 for a Mojito and wanted $10 for water. Who the hell charge that much when you have a freaking ocean across the street. The $10 cover charge was to be expected, that was the going rate for most of the clubs. The line moves fast but so did the prices. I've never paid that much to drink at Mangos. I will definitely look for another place to party when I'm in Miami.
3 stars this time because: 1. I ordered water with my meal thinking I was going to get some regular ass water. Instead, I got bottled water that cost me $7. 2. Apparently, you can't sit at their tables with a drink from another establishment. Which...maybe I'm wrong but I'm pretty sure you can do that at other places on the strip. Whatever. I'll still go back because, blackened chicken nachos.
We stop in here whenever I'm doing South Beach for drinks and light appetizers!  This a Venezuelan themed bar with a Spanish art-deco feel and Latin music vibe!  Mangos (referring not to the tropical fruit, but rather  to the term Venezuelan men use describe "hot, attractive" Venezuelan women..as was explained to me during a trip to that country a few years ago) are truly what this bar is filled with...dancing beautiful Latin women!  Their counterparts are skilled Latin men who share the dance floor with them for spectacular performances. I suppose you can view Mangos as a Latin version of Coyote Ugly...with live performances by female staff on top bar and an elevated stage.  Complete with chaps, as well! The FOOD: Since my experience is limited to drinks and appetizers, I cannot speak to the entrees. I will say, however, that they're priced a little high for a "bar", but that's probably due to location and entertainment value of the place. OVERALL, this is a MUST DO for anyone visiting Miami So Be area. BTW - Yes, the drinks are EXCELLENT and you have choices of standard or tropical blends. Mmmm....
Came here at the recommendation of a friend and to be honest I was severely let down. Let me start by saying that I did NOT go into the club but rather dined outside. We ordered frozen drinks and an appetizer to be able to chat without the club atmosphere around us. The waitress was attentive and took our order quickly but then the waiting game began. It took about 20 minutes to get our drinks and about 30 for the appetizer. We drank and ate and about about 45 minutes we were ready to go but couldn't find our waitress anywhere. We asked another waitress to tell our waitress that we were ready for our check and we were told that she would do that for us. 10 minutes later, no check, so with our waitress till nowhere to be found we asked another guy to get our check with the same response "sure, it'll get right out to you." Another 10 minutes and no check.. at this point we were seriously considering walking out, how many time do you have to ask to pay your bill?? Our waitress finally showed her face and still didn't have our check and said she was just about to get it but got tied up at another table. When we told her that we had told two other people she responsed crassly "Well... I'm your waitress so you don't expect anyone else to do it." This from the waitress that disappeared for 30 minutes. After finally getting our check we asked to speak to a manager about our wait time. When the manager arrived we explained our wait time before getting interrupted by the waitress screaming "that woman is lying, she didn't wait no 30 minutes for her check." The manager then comped the drinks but still, very unprofessional of the waitress and ultimately caused them to have a one star rating.
Mango's was so much fun!! The bouncers were cool and cracked jokes, most likely because they were amused by my ultra close-up, jumbo sized picture on my driver's license. The music was Latin and salsa, and although I can't cha-cha or dance to salsa for shiz, the alcohol got me to believe I was dancing like Shakira, taking up all the space on the dance floor. Drinks were moderately priced, and the bartenders always gave me water every time I asked for it (after coming from the Clevelander and drinking more drinks than my little Asian body can handle---I swear I chugged h2o like a freakin' camel that night), a hot dancer performed a fire dance on stage, and I pretty much topped off my night here and ended up crossing the street to the park by the beach and throwing up on a tree. The decor and atmosphere of the club was really nice too! Being drunk and what not, I really felt like I was doing a dance on a tropical island. Kinda ugly to imagine myself, but hey it was a fun time!
This must be THE tourist hot spot.  We went there for lunch before we had to leave for the sea port to get on our cruise, and the food was average at best.  I also saw a gigantic cockroach on the floor, which, whatever, I attributed to the open air atmosphere and the humidity, but I was slightly turned off from then on.  They "danced" on the bar - it was not enjoyable. Overall, this wasn't some place where I think we'll be returning.
Perfect place if you want to hear good music! Everybody in mangos is there to have a good time. Daytime is good for lunch with entertainment and nighttime is vibrant enough to dance all night long! I had a great time...8-6-2011
Okay so I went here July 4th 2014 ---- can we say packed !!! OMG ! My friend from NY was here due to a delay on his flight to Puerto Rico. I hadn't seen him since I moved to Miami so we went out. The music was o-k-a-y ... I love Spanish music, I love to dance but their selection was trash. Im Dominican and the merengue they played was some Venezuelan kumbia shit, chill.... I went to all the rooms and they were super packed! I was bumping into everyone. Usually it's a $10 charge but on this special day it was $20. I understood. The drinks were pricey but that's understandable, it's south beach .. I find it one of the more cheaper spots compared to others. I drank a tequila sunrise, two shots of black label and a beer... My total was $70!! You're mainly paying for the ambiance and the area you're in. The end. Music is not all that.
Tourist party place...over 4 djs in one building...I had fun.
This is the most around the clock music pumping great atmosphere club/bar/restaurant i have ever visited. The food is pretty good, the drinks are great especially if your looking for fancy cocktails and the girls that perform and serve are.well lets just say im pretty sure i fell in love a few times. Stunning! A*****
Had a blast at Manos with the hubby! Drinks were good and my bartender made it great every time. The music and performances were nice. We def will make it here again! Pricey Mojitos but oh so good :)
I think I may be the only local who likes Mangos LOL!   I think this is a fun place, and a definite "must see" if you have visitors in town.  Or if you are a visitor yourself.  I dont think anything captures the "Miami Latin Vibe" better.  Without Mangos, miami would be missing something for sure.  Sure its a strange crowd.  You'll see everything from young hotties to 75 year olds, but who cares?  Lighten up.  Get the stick out of your rear end and enjoy the fun.  Seriously.
love the entertainment there, my type of atmosphere super fun, exotic, great place to dance. this is a latin infuse club it is full of live .. enyoyed myself except for the bartender at that night had a bit of an attitude like he really wasnt into taking care of us lol its ok i still had a blast lol cocktails? i had better in taste a little to weak for me .. i will go back just for the entertainment!!!
So Much fun!! . Nice shows. Everyone is very nice. Although cranberry vodka was weak. Lol. Kind of pricey but what can you expect?! It is South Beach after all.
I dont dig club scenes anymore but this one given that I am at South Beach and again a new friend Dave (who is also a tourist from UK) suggested that we go here with another new friend (another tourist from Germany) and check it out. At the onset we saw 3 sexy lady girating on top of the bar to some reggaeton music or was it salsa...(very danceable beat..lol) and after their set 3 buffed hunks took the stage...apparently they are bartenders and at the same time puts up this show in between. The cocktails are alright (the mint in my mojito wasnt crushed thoroughly maybe because the bartender who made it was already buzzed from both the drinks and the dancing) either way the beer prices are ok to. Of my two -week stay in MIami I came here twice with different set of friends in tow. If you want to have a good clean fun and good time with good looking people and good music you should come here and shake that booty.
The food was horrible.  It looks nothing like the pictures on their website.  Way over priced!  Definately not for kids even in the early afternoon.  Families beware!!!!
Had a ball there. Music was great- drinks were slamming.  The mango mojito amazing wings awsome.
I can't say enough fantastic things about this place.  This is the type of place where you can sit there and be entertained for 3 or 4 hours before you realize how late it is. For those who have never been to south beach this is the place to go.  It is affordable, the food is delicious, and you will hear fantastic music and get to watch some adorable waitors and waitresses shake their stuff.   We went there several times on our last trip and I have to say it was the best place we went to.   If you are on Ocean Drive you better walk by.
The best place we went on our honeymoon.  Beautiful and talented dancers/performers.  Great food!
Can't go to South Beach without stopping into Mango's. The atmosphere is cool. The service is usually good. the waitress are exotic. Could be cleaner.
Ok... I KNOW it's a tourist trap... but I had to come here because it was featured on the Travel Channel. Just to say I've been. But I enjoyed my time here. The reason being that there was no cover charge (went in around 6pm), and all the workers are extremely friendly (including the bouncer). The portions are pretty big... in my opinion. Honestly, if you wanna get drunk, get a martini (I've quit drinking, but the cotton candy martini on the menu almost made me relapse.) If you're a big drinker, don't bother wasting money here because you know very well it's gonna cost a lot. Pre-party and pre-gaming are made for a reason OK?! Our server had KILLER abs. Makes me want to drop on the floor and do 134324235 sit ups. She was also a dancer on the bar. I guess to be able to work in there you gotta be a triple threat, and a great multi-tasker. the male servers had great bodies. The cover band was great in my opinion. I mean, I think it's worth going into, but just don't go in expecting A WHOLE LOT, but go in with simply an optimistic attitude, you'll enjoy it. If you think the music is too loud, you can always ask for a seat change. They'll be happy to do that for ya. But if you're more into the reckless, shitfaced jersey shore fist pumping action, this place is definitely not for you. p.s. I SHOULD take one star off for the included tip on your bill.... but I think I'll let this one slide. the server WAS really nice.
shouldn't have let the band go guys! no intensity now,,, went to clevelander instead...... cant believe this place only has 3 1/2 stars. best entertainment on the beach. great reggae band, great service, bartenders and waitstaff are professional and pay attention to detail. touristy and a bit pricey, whatever. worth every penny. great time every time i go there. wouldnt miss an opportunity every time i go to miami
One of the more popular attractions on South Beach, I typically make my way here at least once a year from Fort Lauderdale. To me, this place exudes what South Beach is all about. I love the Latin-infused live music, and the dancing on the bar, etc. I typically arrive with out-of-towners, but sometimes my local friends and family will make a visit on occasional excursions. Fun place to visit, but is South Beach expensive.
We had a free strip show for our bachelorette party.  It was crowded, but the place is great.  Once the show started, there were no room to even walk around because most of the people just stop and watch.  You definitely have to get there early to get a good seating, otherwise, you'll be wandering around with no set area to watch or dance.   The men in the show were dreamy and sexy. We loved the show for the bachelorettes, it was both sexy and hilarious seeing some brides getting thrown and flung around.   It was definitely a good way to end our trip.
Mangos in Miami - WARNING TO TOURIST- Stay Away. This place will take your money! What started as a great time ended to be real bad for us and other Tourist. Mangos Miami Management and staff will push hard to sell you lots of overpriced food and booze and ask you to leave if you take a picture. Photos are allowed if the staff grabs your camera and takes your picture, but don't you take a picture yourself. There are no signs saying No Photography, but when it's busy, they won't think twice about telling you to leave so they can turn the table over to another party with camera. Also, if you just can't resist the Mangos Miami girls and decide to go anyway, watch out for the locals that hang there looking to prey upon drunk tourist. We watched the entire scam play out with a young couple at the table next to us. I hope they didn't loose all of their vacation spending cash. Not real sure, but it looked to us like the Mangos Miami staff is involved with the local con-artists that are after YOUR MONEY. Stay Away From This Place!
The skirt steak with the sauce is great!  Highly recommended.   Had a nice dinner with my wife to be and service was great.
Entertainment value on this one far outweighs everything else. Food - 2 stars (nothing really great and prices were worse then the usual ocean drive offerings) Service - 2 to 3 stars (outside, it was really really bad. We literally were not getting served so we went inside and things improved a bit. When clearing our table though a server spilled a completely full drink and I had to hunt someone down and ask to have it replaced) Entertainment - 4 to 5 stars. Between the servers dancing/singing on the bar and the tourists doing their thing as well, this was quite a fun place to be. We laughed, we drank, we had a good time. I did not really mind as much paying a bit extra for bad food since I knew in the end I was actually paying for entertainers as well. All in all, it was a fun evening. I would skip the food next time.
Last time I came here was for a Yelp event after-after-party. On a Tuesday. Needless to say, details are hazy about that night, and work was dreadful the next morning. Still, I had a great time. Good company and a little booze tend to have that result, and that night was no exception. That being said, I don't visit this spot often. Yes, it is a South Beach staple, made popular by shows like the now-defunct Wild On! and others of that ilk. Tourists flock to Mango's to see the beautiful dancers and imbibe the tropical cocktails while immersing themselves in the "Miami" experience. I don't know, maybe I'm getting old, but I tend to avoid the tourist traps and visit local hangouts instead. If you've never been, give it a go; if you have, you could probably think of a few other places you'd rather go to. Unless, of course, you're looking for the after-after-party.
Great place for Tourist. Went on a Sunday afternoon and the place was packed. We ordered Chicken wings that were really good. A bottle of White Zinfandel wine for $35.00 it's not a bad deal at all. Music was great, performance was excellent. Not a bad place if you want to dance, eat, drink and enjoy the moment.
Live alive place! Music, show, food, drinks! No cover before nine! Right on the Miami South Beach Strip!
This place is a must! Try to get in before 8pm! We did and it was great, we got a table upstairs and got to see the performances that were on the bar. Strippers, Mariachis, Booty shakers, Salsa, Michael Jackson & madonna song performances. As far as drinks, we had missed the happy hr. But we tried a berry-mojito which was THE BOMB!!!... I loved it. We had maybe 6 or 7 total between me and my fiance. The only thing i saw on the bill was that there was an additional $3 charge on each drink since it came with a extra shot. So the bill was extremely high! Averaging each drink at about $15 each. As far as food, We shared a platter that had a sample of everything from cheese sticks, wings, ribs, chicken strips, popcorn shrimp with 4 sauces. DELICIOUS!!. for $40 of course. There was a side room that was playing hip hop (the mojito room) but we didn't go in. Didn't look like anything special. Doubt there were much people in there. So by the time we left, there appeared to be a line and a lot more people peeking over our table to see the dancers as the night darkened. We left around 10:30pm and i'm most certain there was a cover charge at that point. So get there early if you can. Great place! you won't be disappointed.
We went to mangos last night because it was the only place in Miami that was going to have salsa dancing on a Tuesday night.  It was okay.  I could see if you went with a big group that this would be super fun because they play a mix of music and there would be something for everyone.  One salsa, one pop, one bachata, one pop... And then they mix in little tiny shows.  The little shows were okay as well.  Just a little extra entertainment, but the talent wasn't fabulous... It was mostly cutesy little choreography and subpar singing.  Really the draw I think were the dancers bodies... All of them were pretty hot.  The one I thought was the best were the two girls that got up and did the little belly dancing routine.  The one girl was so muscular and flexible, that was pretty cool!  The band that played was pretty cool, but the singers were just okay I thought.  The drinks were ridiculously overpriced... At least for what we are used to in California.  $12 for a regular cocktail!  Seriously?!?  I could purchase a whole bottle of liquor for the price of two... Lol!  I think mostly we were looking for a venue to dance salsa, and so we were just a little disappointed.  The taxi from downtown to south beach only cost $13, so that wasn't bad, and some if the little travel booklets have a coupon for free admission into mangos. Currently, before 9:00 it's free, after 9:00 it's $10, which isn't bad.  I could see this being fun, but it wasn't exactly what we were looking for.
I'm in love! You can literally spend all night here because there's always something entertaining you! Great foods, fun atmosphere, crazy performances of all sorts! Every 15 minutes there was a new dance performance or singing performance. Then after 10 or 11 (can't remember) there's two rooms upstairs that basically just turn into dance clubs (as if you weren't doing enough dancing downstairs to the live performances) but the Voodoo room was like ratchet hip hop music (love) and then Martini Room was like reggaeton music! So much fun, fits any party mood you're in! I was running around the entire place from dance floor to dance floor! I would hands down go back again and recommend to all!!!
Came here with an acquaintance. Had a good time. Music was all the recent hits.  Fun to dance to. They also had salsa & carnival themed dancing in the same show on stage. Was cool to watch. Dancers are amazing. But the place just screamed 'touristy' to me. And WHAT the hell were patrons wearing? This is Miami people... Gimme an under the radar club/lounge with a much broader array of music & better dressed patrons & we're good to go.
Worst place ever! Never been treat like this. Expensive for no reason, the wait staff is rude and stuck up. Went to celebrate my friend's bday. We wanted to get her a cake  and the waitstaff to sing happy bday. We got turned down because we wasnt in the VIP section. Really? We was gonna pay not like we wasnt gonna pay. The only good thing was the live performances. Please dont waste your money on a unprofessional, rude place. It's just all hype. It gets pack with tourists, you cant even dance.
This place is like a latin night cub and an awesome place to dance the night away. The beach is literally across the street and the food is cheap and pretty good. The music is amazing and if you are a fan of salsa and latin music come here. There are dancers entertaining everywhere. This place is really cool.
Food was expensive, but the entertainment makes up for it!
Great atmosphere and friendly staff! On weekends, get there before 10 and you won't have to worry about a cover (usually$10). Cocktails are Reasonably priced around $15 (including gratuity). The shows/dance routines are very entertaining. The crowd is mixed, all age ranges but everyone is respectful. As far as dancing/music, the play pretty much everything which makes it keeps it interesting all night!
Came on a Friday night. My husband and I Paid $10 cover which we thought wasn't bad at all. We got lucky and found parking right in front of Mangos. When we walked in a staff member approached us and asked if we wanted to go to the bar and took us upstairs where there's like a room with different music and a bar. It's more like the hip hop ghetto room. After ordering our drinks we stepped outside back to the Latin/Show/dancers part and we had a greAt time!! There's Such an Amazing vibe. It wAs very entertaining to see the dancers on stage! The music was very good! And had a great time overall. The drinks were about $15 each and gratuity is included. Next time I want to try their food which also looked good! :)
Great place to go for drinks and music. It's one of the places people tell you that you have to go to when visiting South Beach. We got some drinks and appetizers while enjoying a couple of the performances. Definitely catch the Michael Jackson show if you can!
oh hella yes!!  I know locals find this place cheesy, but I had so much fun!  My server from a Mexican restaurant recommended it as the best club to hit up for Latin music, and she was right!  There was a half Rebelde half salsa band playing cheesy by amazing (haha) music the whole night, and on some of the other stages there were dancers in cheetah print doin their thang on stage.  The music was so much fun to dance to- we easily stayed for who knows how many hours just dancing away. There is a hip hop room upstairs that plays good music as well. I would definitely go back here my next time in Miami. Cover and price for drinks are STeep, but so is everywhere in South Beach.
This is my "happy place" and my go to anytime I have out of town guests in Miami. Only downside are the drink prices :(
My favorite South Beach tourist trap! Ah Mango's  ... you tease my foreign currency with your vibrant latin beats and your scantily clad dressed puerto rican girls. But I love you. I love the whole cliché package. From the packs of "ladies of the south" trying to score a european boy-toy, to the carefully coreographed lets-make-it-look-like-its-spontaneous soft core strip that occurs evey 15 minutes on top of the counters. The drinks are mildly original and yes... tasty. It's not forbiddingly expensive especially for SB standards. I don't think it's a good place to go out with a date, but definitely a good joint for a bros night out.
Great music and live shows. The staff was friendly. There was no cover change but drinks are expensive (mango mojito $15).
Food: Decent. I had a burger and fries. Hard to mess that up. So I wouldn't really say my opinion is valid since I had such a simple meal. Workers: No complaints. Atmosphere: We ate outside which was a nice touch. South Beachy It also serves as a bar/club after hours. Overall: If you are in the area, go.
Too sexy, too sexy! Oh my god, this places oozes sexy, even at 3 in the afternoon. Everyone who works here is sexy, and I don't simply mean they're attractive. I mean, they are, but they're just very sexy as well. I mean everyone, men, women, bartenders, hostesses, whoever. And there's always something going on here. In the afternoon they had a pretty good reggae band playing and in between their sets the Mango's performers would put on a mini show. But you definitely want to come to this place at night when the show goes on all night. I was really impressed with the staff here because they literally do everything. If you stay there for a couple of hours, you will see an employee going from bartender to on-stage performer to hostess to waitress, back to bartender. It's pretty impressive. The party really never stops at Mango's and that says a lot considering this is South Beach we're talking about. I didn't do the dinner and the show, but you can bet your sweet salsa dancing ass I will the next time I'm in Miami!
What a better place to dance salsa, merengue and bachata but Mangos in SoBe!!!! We had an amazing time recently during our vacay. FYI, they take CC at the door and entrance is just $10.
Mango's Tropical Cafe is one of my favorite dance clubs to visit in Miami! Pros: Diverse crowd Great place to dance No super strict dress code HOT male/female dancers & bartenders Great energy Music is always on point Cons: Can get crowded to the point where you can't dance and enjoy the fantastic live music or DJ Drinks are expensive but you're in Miami sooooo  PREGAME! The music and dancing is honestly the best part of Mango's. You don't come here to sit around or peacefully enjoy a drink in the corner. Mango's break up the night with random performances that range from Michael Jackson dancing to Bachata and Samba.  Most nights have a live band playing popular Latin songs that really get people up and dancing.   I'm a New Yorker so I appreciate a place that charges a small cover to not just walk throught the door but give you a lively scene with entertainment too. There's never a dull moment here and highly recommend it at least once for anyone who would enjoy such an exciting scene. I will definitely be back!!!
Looking for a cheap cover or perhaps no cover in South Beach Miami with a Latin Vibe? Mango it is! The first night my boyfriend and I went, we were taken right inside and upstairs of course to buy the infamous over priced South Beach Miami bar drinks, but pay no cover! Score. And no, I don't have a review on that club. Afterwards we hit the dance floor to move our bodies to mostly Latin music with a few of top 40s blended in and of course watch the shows scheduled every 20 minutes or so.   The next time we went, we weren't dressed up like we were before and therefor faced the very cheap $10 cover charge.  Yay, we weren't forced to buy drinks and we didn't. It got old fast and by old, I mean the crowd.  So we left shortly after.
This place was a complete ripoff.  We took 12 people after a convention for bottle service.  We ordered their 3 bottle minimum and had fun socializing.  I asked the cocktail waitress to limit the bill to $1,200 as I've done this before and know how expensive these things can be.  I also asked that no one add to the tab without my consent. When we decided to leave and close out, 2 bills were brought to me.  The main bill was for $2300+ and a "shot" bill was for $800+.  Needless to say, I was shocked and asked for an accounting of how this happened.  They were charging $395/bottle and for every mixer.  Three bottles of which I was completely unaware. That's when 3 intimidating bouncers came and surrounded me.  A guy from my party stepped between the most agressive of the guys and me and was quickly pushed to the side and threatened with ejection. I signed the bill and told the guys that I would contact AMEX to dispute the charges so that I could leave. Beware.  Based on other reviews, it looks like I'm not the first.
I didn't get to taste any of the food but the entertainment was great! Mango is an experiene and a must if you are ever on South Beach.
This was my first stop when I landed in Miami and I am glad that it was. The food was perfect and to my surprise there was like a mini show of the lady servers dancing and the male servers dancing. I was surprised at how well the food taste. The mojitios were AMAZING. I am not sure how the prices are on a regular weekend but for memorial weekend the prices were definitely kicked up in my opinion. The menu is priced reasonable and you get a good bit of food with your order. In order to sit in the area where we were right in front of the bar/stage was a bottle minimum of $300. The service was great and the staff made sure that we were all taken cared of.
If you're in town for one night, go to Mango's. It has it all: the vibe and atmosphere, great interaction with the street, sexy male and female dancers wearing everything from cheetah and chandeliers to nothing, drinks (a bit pricey), side rooms for dancing and good service overall.
Awesome place.  It's always crowded and the night we went there was a show and dancing and their drinks are amazing. Not a fan of Latin music but I'll be back.
Great dancers get VIP so you don't wait in line
Great place to go for a good time. Tight spaces for eating and dancing but if you manage to get a table and its a nice place to enjoy the night weather, people watch, and simultaneously watch the live entertainment. Good music, excellent personnel willing to help. The food is good also; I wouldn't call it extraordinary but it'll do the job lol.
BEST. NIGHT. EVER! I celebrated my bachelorette party here and there's no possible way I can express how perfect it was! Our server was incredible (and drop dead gorgeous...we all developed lesbian crushes on her!), the food was fantastic, the drinks were delicious and they had a heavy pour and the shows/dancers were INCREDIBLE. If you want a fantastic party with a good crowd, I highly recommend. I also loved the separate rooms upstairs where you could dance to more top 40 music, rap, hip-hop, old school, etc. I would go back here every day if I could!
This is definitely a tourist place with tourist prices! It's definitely somewhere that you have to experience at least once! We just went to check out the entertainment! Different rooms playing different music! Hip hop was cool. The dancing was awesome too. Drinks were ridiculously priced. 3 drinks-$100 later! Oh well. Welcome to Miami
Can't pub crawl south beach without checking out Mangos! Sexy men dancing on stage, (girls also... so you boys don't get left out) a variety of music in each room. Crowd was a bit crazy, from just turned 21 and can't handle my liquor, too just got off the sailboat and need a glass of your finest liquor, but somehow these flip flop to suit wearing varieties got along..  Made for a great stop I would visit again!
Everytime I've been to Mangos for dinner it's super packed. It's difficult to get seating inside so I'm always stuck with the outdoor seating. The Michael Jackson reenactment and all the performances are entertaining, however the drinks and food are VERY overpriced. I think you're more so paying for the entertainment. I suggest going here if it's your first time in South Beach, but after you've been here once for dinner, that's enough. The dance floors play REALLY good music and I've been here on multiple occasions to just dance the night away. Very fun place.
Really  nice spot, I came here my first night in Miami. Great music, two floors, and people just out having fun. The only knock I give this place was the price for a long island ice tea that cost me a staggering $17. Besides that this place is awesome and they only charged about $5 to get in and you were able to leave and come as you pleased for the night.
This place is definitely a blast to go to but don't expect to dance.  The floor gets really crowded and its very hard to do anything more than a two step.   The service is pretty good and the food is okay if you are ordering standard bar fare (i.e. burgers nachos etc.)
Holy jesus christ. WORST PLACE EVER. Drinks suck ping pong balls. So annoyingly overpriced!!!!!!!
I've been here numerous times and was never disappointed. Courteous staff! Good live music and the food was great! A "definite" place to visit when you're in South Beach! Great margaritas!
Went in on Saturday night after 11pm and although we paid a cover just to get in we were seated right away. So let's b honest...with this place there are pro's & a few cons....the menu is pricey $$$ but the food is GOOD- ordered the Sobe chicken & it was delicious~YUMMY! Although we were served food, I guess we were in a smoking area which wasn't cool....I'm spoiled with the whole NO smoking at restaurants...smokers U'll love this part. Service was excellent & they even sung my brother happy birthday with the band & brought him a sparking candle on a dessert of ur choice~ which was also Very very delicious!!! Entertainment is cool- although the place was packed we were able to enjoy the dancers performances via TV"s & I really like that they have both male & females performing! The Michael Jackson show is my favorite but overall entertainment is sexy & enjoyable! The Mango margarita & classic mojito were great & served in souvenir glasses. They play a variety of music & where we happened to b sitting allowed for dancing which was a bonus cuz that's not possible thru out from how busy it is. Overall I was very pleased with the place & would definitely go back & recommend to try at least once!
A very ratchet spot with fantastic live performers. The prices are on the expensive side and the food is pretty good. You probably will end up going here no matter what your original plans are! It is always very live!!
Good food, good size portions, but the service was a little slow. I ordered the chicken salad sandwich, with a cup of the crab bisque and side of fresh fruit.  The bisque was a very thick, cream sauce.  I was expecting it to be a tomatoe-y bisque, but still good, and you could see the crab meat in it (a good thing to me). The chicken salad tasted great and came on a large, fresh croissant.  The fruit was fresh, not too ripe, and it had not been sitting in its own juices to make it mushy. My quest ordered the shrimp and crab salad,  it came with plenty of large shrimp (no wimpy cocktail shrimp) and nice size chunks of lump crab meat, there was plenty of fruit/veggies tossed in it as well.  The salad was so large it could have easily been shared among two people. If Im in the area again, I will go back there.
3.5ish overall. I think cover was $20 (again, LDW, but still... $20!? Ehh.) Our group got a bottle of Grey Goose, and they set us up with mixers at a nice corner table which gave us room to dance. There was a lot going on here, but it was fun! Everyone was dancing and having a good time. There were people dancing on one stage, and a band performing on another. Need to check out the upstairs rooms next time, but downstairs was already fun. I might come here again if the cover wasn't $20!
The shows and peach mojito were amazing!! I'm a straight girl but admired the dancers' bodies and their excessive booty poppin. The place is mad touristy but this place is entertaining and definitely a unique experience in south beach.
This place was SO FUN! My boyfriend kept telling me to go here with my girlfriends. He said we would have a good time and we did. We actually had the most fun here. I had a hard time trying to convince my friends because they "Don't know how to dance to latin music" But at night they have 2 secret rooms upstairs that play hip-hop. They have: 1. Live entertainment complete with samba dancers dancing on the bar. 2. Live band 3. Huge dance floor for salsa 4. 2 rooms upstairs that play hip-hop 5. Good Drinks We had a blast. It's a 10.00 cover but totally worth it :)
Great place to enjoy the "hot" Miami atmosphere!  I've been here several times, and each time it's always a fun-filled evening.  Definitely stop in to check this place out if you're in South Beach!
Had heard about Mango's and our friends living around the area have always liked it so we went on a Tuesday night the first night we arrived in Miami. We sat outside and ordered some food and drinks as to avoid paying the cover entry to get in. 5 people, only 2 of us eating $200 tab real quick! Went in, solid atmosphere, although I hate smoke in a bar/club but seems like its somewhat common in Miami, not used to it around South Carolina and Charlotte, NC. Anyway didn't ruin the night. Was fun place, food was decent to good, just expensive. The whole place is expensive, they had performers on stage doing various dancing etc. Was kind of neat. This place seems to have a crowd almost 7 days a week from what I can tell, definitely worth a visit at least once in South Beach. Just be prepared for big prices like much of the area.
Just a huge tourist trap. If you are a serious salsero, stay away from this place.  Yeah the dancers are hot and they have a nice show but if you are looking to dance this is NOT the place.  save your money and energy and go elsewhere
The food and show were awesome! After dinner and the show we went upstairs to go dancing. There are two rooms with different music playing to dance to. Tickets were expensive but worth it. *Very fun!*
This place is a blast. They got the best shows in the Miami area. Amazing dancers and of course great food! love Cuban food so this place brings the best... Drinks are expensive but worth it! Recommended
After dealing with the hassle of promoters, egos and other crap associated with the big nightclubs in Miami, it is nice to come across a place like Mango's.  Yes it is touristy, yes it is a tad cheesy but it is also a good time at night. Came in on a Friday night and didn't have to deal with any hassle, paid the quick and cheap coverage charge and headed right in.  The place is rather large and covers many floors, didn't spend much time on the main floor as I didn't enjoy the music or the live performance but I made my way upstairs to a small room off the side where they were playing hip hop and spent the majority of the night there. Music and crowd were cool, basic popular hip hop with a nice dance floor where you can move. Crowd was okay, since it isn't the big Miami nightclub the crowd isn't filled with super attractive people but there were a handful of cuties in the building. Overall if you don't feel like dealing with the hassle of the super clubs in Miami and just want to have a good time with good people and good music then Mango's is a place to go, definitely worth a visit.
So much fun! Just what me and hubby were looking for! We got some drinks in a souvenir glass, something to munch on! Entertainment was wonderful. We were able to get a great view of the dancers. I mentioned to my co-worker of my experience and she ended up recently going and said it was great! Will be back!
Great place to go even with family. Has that exotic look without the hefty price or built-in rauchiness. Actually has really good food.  Which is great to avoid consuming too much alcohol or at least minimize the effects of too many. Plenty of room for dancing or just watching people. Stay late and enjoy the live Reggae band. The place to go for that edgy vibe but really a tame place. Think of it as a Disney version of an adult club. Only negative is parking is awful and you have to walk quite a bit but that is what it is in Miami Beach.
This place makes the best mojito I've ever had in my life. I almost want to give it 4 stars because of that. If I could give half stars I would.   Downsides: I hate the idea of cover charges... and none of the patrons really compare looks wise with the waitstaff. that being said the waitstaff is a little cold shoulder mostly because I think they get hit on probably every 37.6 seconds. I don't really like that too much despite it being reasonable considering. Conversely the dancers were all smiles. as for price range I can't really say much since my buddy paid for everything both times I went. Oh yeah one more time, Best. Mojito. Ever. I've gotten a lot of those in the past week from lots of different places, and it is without comparison. 3.5 stars
A few friends recommended this place and I can see why. Before we even ate here, every time we'd pass Mango's, (it didn't matter what time of day it was) it sounded like a party was going and you could see dancers on the stage. On our first night in Miami, we decided to check out what all the hype was about. It was crowded but we were seated right away on the second floor with a good view of the stage. My bf and I shared the appetizer which had Chicken Wings, Ribs, Popcorn Shrimp, and Mozzarella Sticks ($40). (I thought this price for this kind of platter here was a little expensive but I guess you're basically paying for the entertainment since we didn't pay an entrance fee.) Thank goodness we didn't order any additional entrees. This was more than enough for us. We also had 2 drinks each. Our bill ended up coming out to $120 with the included gratuity. I didn't expect us to spend this much here but all good with the entertaining night we had. During our dinner, they had a live band and a few different singers. They sang both English and Spanish songs, Pop and Michael Jackson songs. There were also some dance sets - Salsa, 3 hot girls dancing to Reggaeton (probably my bf's favorite lol), and 3 hot guys also dancing to Reggaeton. All the entertainment was muy caliente!!! The service is also so-so. Our waitress didn't really tend to our table as much as other places in Miami would. The food is just also just OK here and the prices are more than you'd expect for the quality but you have to come here not for the food and instead for the entertainment and good time.
Mango's is fun. It's a cool place with a great, unique experience. However, it's boring if you're under 25 years old and there are better places a block away for the 21-24 crowd. We went to Mango's during Spring Break 2010 and what we found was a very, very tropical-themed place. Right when we walked in we heard some good music, but it got old when we realized this place only plays Latin music. One cool thing, though, is that they have dancers on top of the bar dressed in very exotic outfits and often a small band playing some good tunes.. but, again, it's 100% Latin music. We left and I didn't come back. My friends went back on our last night for a bit and they were charging a $10 cover to get in (there's only a cover on Friday and Saturday), were not allowed to wear hats (Friday and Saturday nights are no-hats) and there was something like a "$20 per musical set" minimum for drink orders.. kind of ridiculous. If I return to SoBe, I won't be going back to Mango's. It's worth a 30-minute trip, but if you're a college kid go to The Clevelander and really enjoy your time.
Warning, if you don't like to party, stay away! But if you do like to parrrrrrtay, come kick it at Mangos!!   I've been to MIA a few times over the last few years but somehow never stumbled upon Mango's. My last time in town I met up with some family and they insisted on spending the night here. Mannnnn did we have a good time!! Mango's has all kinds of dancers (and by all kinds I mean ALL) who seem to have a constant flow of coming on and off stage. Each set is choreographed, and I was impressed with them all! Each set was entertaining and LIVE! This isn't the spot to take grandma, as it's only a few steps up from the strip club, but who brings grandma to South Beach any damn way?!
I went there a few months back (early March) for spring break. I had a good time, the beer was flowing and la torta cubana that the waitress recommended had plenty of texture and flavor. Call it a tourist trap... of course it is, but it's different for us outsiders. The place is not at all that expensive for the entertainment you receive. What makes it memorable is the entertainment. There is obviously a cover charge, but it's worth it. Couples and groups dance to bachata, merenge and of course salsa on a counter! Very entertaining. In addition, I loved the Brazilian Carnaval themed party, the drums had me going... lol As a guy, it's always nice to see good looking women dance and dance well! Thank you Flo-Rida (rapper) for making the song "Low" and having these girls dance to it.... If you're ever in South Beach and want to grab a bite and need to relax for a bit; make this a stop and you wont regret it!
Mango's Tropical Cafe was a phenomenal time!! So much fun dancing, great mix of music (although the DJ had horrible transitions so everyone would just stop and kind of look around at each other), but what really irked me was upon arrival, it was apparently very clear that we were American, so a woman escorted us to a special room upstairs for American's who can't dance or something. Of course we simply left the room, but the profiling was super obvious.
The most fun I had while in South Beach this past month was on a Thursday night at Mango's. The atmosphere, dancing & music is great. Even after visiting your typical SOBE places (Delano, SLS, Wall, etc. etc.) I was most pleased with Mango's. Three girlfriends and I got a table in the "middle" floor area right in front of the bar. I'm not sure if these spots are reserved for people with bottles, but the night is definitely more enjoyable there - although it's honestly entertaining wherever you are. What's best about Mango's is you don't go here to mingle amongst the pretentious crowd usually found in the places we frequent, instead you can let loose and have a genuinely enjoyable night with the people you came with. The food was good too. Everyone should go to Mango's at least once.
Although latin is totally not my scene I had to give this place a great review because I feel like it represents miami beach so well! The performers were great very energetic, skilled, and dressed to impress. The way the place is decorated is about as tropical as you can get. Then finally all the Latinas with the big fake booties in here really put the icing on the cake!  The $5 cover is lame but considering how packed it was early on a Tuesday night it was definitely much livelier than any of the competing clubs in the area. Even if it's not your scene i would recommend checking it out if your in town.
Didn't eat here but partied in the mojito room..I think that's what its called. Well the music was great! ! However. ...the drinks were WAYYYYY over priced coming from NJ I am used to the overpriced drinks in the city but....hope your sitting down 21 $ for a long island and my friend paid 24 for a cranberry and vodka is uncalled for.. there were plenty of other great places. Avoid this one if you want to make sure you keep your change.
This place is a total tourist trap, but what isn't on Ocean Drive.  This place is hella tacky with it's tropical decor, but the ambiance along with entertainment is a lot of fun.  I just came in here for a drink and had to pay a $5 cover charge for a Wednesday night, but I guess that covers the entertainment. It seems they had a new performer going on stage every 5 minutes while we were there.  They had impersonators, dancers, singers and a combo of the above.  There was usually some latin music playing in between performers and I notice a lot of people dancing salsa.   There was also a dance floor in the back and it was actually pretty packed.  This is one of those places you just need to check out when your in South Beach.  Hopefully you won't have to pay a steep cover charge, but I imagine it fluctuates on holiday's or on the weekends.
Stopped by Mangos the first day we arrived in South Beach after checking in, to meet up with some friends for happy hour.  It was probably around 5ish.  It wasn't too crowded, plenty of seating inside.  There was music and a couple of dancers on the bar doing some synchronized dance routines to common songs.  I guess this was amusing.  The prices of the drinks were a little steep (typical) but they had some happy hour specials that knocked the cost down a bit.  For our last drink, we ventured out to the patio area outside on Ocean Drive.  It was nice and relaxing to have a drink, enjoy some company, and watch the sun go down.  Oh minus the guy walking around with two parrots on his shoulders, asking you to pay him $12 to take a picture...ha no thanks.
Great entertainment! I tried the Mexican Burger which was delicious and flavorful. The drinks are great. Gotta try the Guava Mojito!!!
Kind of an overpriced touristy joint, not surprising given the location.  More of a bar with dancers on stages doing Latin dances (of both genders) than a nightclub, there is a small dancefloor in the back.  mint in the coconut mojito did not taste fresh, kinda bitter. The drinks are quite expensive and weak in terms of alcohol content.. I had been here a couple times before and didn't really want to go again but I was showing South Beach to some friends on a Monday night and the place was a ghosttown in general but this place at least had people in it, otherwise I wouldn't have gone into this tourist trap again.
Did not receive my appetizer, entree came out... Waitress did not seemed concerned about it at all.  Water cost $5 and it's bottled.. They do not offer tap or at least that's what she told us.  I guess when you automatically get 20% you care less :( also I wait tables myself if that tells you something.
Definitely a place to go when you come to south beach! So much fun! The tilapia was so good and the dancers were fun (weren't like amazing professional dancers but they have hot bodies haha).
The food was OK but over priced. They are selling entertainment more than food. Having said that the women were attractive.
Fun!
Last weekend, thousands of visitors and Miami residents alike flocked to South Beach to celebrate Miami Heat's 2013 NBA Championship win. Needless to say, the neighborhood was packed and painted with black and red. To catch a glimpse of the enthusiasm, some family and friends of mine and I visited Mangos on 900 Ocean Drive. I was sick and tired of Lincoln Road, it was a full moon and I wanted to experience a fun restaurant on the beach with lots of drinking, dancing, people watching and muscular waiters. For food, I ordered Mango's "World Famous" Cubano. It came with cured Serrano ham, fresh roast pork, Swiss cheese, sweet pickles and Dijon mustard, served with mango's fried potato wedges. My nephew ordered a traditional New York Style Pizza with classic pizza with mozzarella cheese and homemade marinara sauce. My sister ordered some lamb chops and yellow rice (good choice) and my friend ordered a salad. The menu was a diverse mix of sandwiches and pizzas, but nothing special. I wasn't there for the food though. Mango's isn't Nobu. However, if I visit again, I am going to check out the "Churrasco and Shrimp Deluxe." I have heard many good things about it. Basically, it is a marinated piece of grilled churrasco served with shrimp "al ajillo" with rice, black beans, sweet plantains and garlic-chimichurri sauce. For drinks, I ordered the "Miami Vice" cocktail mixed with frozen Pina Coloda and rum runner layered with Bacardi 151 Rum. It was delicious and it went down quickly like a slurpy. My friend ordered the "South Beach Caipirinha" made with Leblon Cachaca, muddled with fresh lime and Splenda instead of sugar. I liked her drink better. It was made country club style. Just one sip warmed my chest and made me giddy. In a nutshell, Mangos offered lovely Latin entertainment along with yummy yet ridiculously overpriced specialty cocktails and food in a super touristy section right on Ocean drive. There is always live music and a show on the top of the bar with people from all walks of life... mostly from Kendal, Doral or Hialeah.  It was a nice change and I enjoyed it. After dinner and drinks, all of us took off our shoes, walked on the beach, sat down on the sand and gazed at the full "super" moon shine over the ocean. If I could hash tag the evening, it would read: #Miami #Heat #OceanDrive #Mangos #Cubano #Caipirinha #Beach # SuperMoon
Cheesy
Food: - Wings: flavorful, good - Fried calamari: not awful, I could have gone without - Mexican burger: a cheeseburger topped with salsa, guacamole, and jalapenos. The burger was huge and came with a large order of onion rings. It was good but it was super messy. I was only able to eat half the burger. The bottom of the burger was so moist that it quickly got soggy :/ The onion rings were delicious! Service: The service was quick and attentive. Final thoughts: I'm not gonna lie, I was a little hesitant on coming here. I thought this place was a strip club, but the entertainment was amazing! The singers were okay, some were better than others. The dancers were legit! The atmosphere was fun, a little wild. The waiters and waitress's costumes were a little over the top, but I guess that's what attracts costumers. It was a little off-setting for me, but I thoroughly enjoyed the show. The food and drinks were decent, but a little on the pricey side.
I love this place! Bartender was wonderful. Made sure I liked my drink he made, if not he was willing to change it. Popcorn shrimp was good! The best part was being entertained by the dancers on stage. It's a good place to start off a night. The dance floor wasn't so big though. Also, girls in heels - watch when you walk theres random dips in the floor.
Went here for a girlfriend's birthday and had a blast.  Not the best scene for Miami - but a great time if you want to dance around in a laid back place with your friends.  The bartenders were attentive - as they should be - and the music and vibe was so fun.
On a vacation to Miami, my girlfriends and I checked out Mango's on a whim. This place was SO fun and unlike any club I've ever been to! We loved the Latin music and the different styles of dancing. Coming from California, we're not used to the whole salsa/cha cha/Latin vibe. We danced until 5AM and were so sad we only went there one night. I'd definitely recommend this place for visitors! Such a fun and lively atmosphere with live entertainment and people from all over the world.
I always say that I can have a great time anywhere as long as the music is good, however Mango's sort of proved me wrong. When I say sort of, I mean because even though I did have a good time, I have no desire to ever return. I would never normally have come to a place like this that I know is a tourist trap, but a good friend of mine was in town for a bachelorette party and that was what the bachelorette decided on for the night. This place exemplifies a lot of what's wrong with Miami - ridiculous lines, ridiculous cover charges, ridiculous prices overall. While I mostly enjoyed the music be warned on two fronts: - It's very repetitive. If the thought of listening to the same song 5 or 6 or 10 times in one night makes you cringe, stay away. - The music errs on the side of really ghetto or really spanish. Those are kind of your only two options. While really ghetto worked out OK for me and my party, it was still very intense. If neither of these two types of music are your jam, this is not the place for you. It also gets insanely crowded. As far as the food goes, I'd definitely never eat here (gross), and I have no idea how other people do after a certain time considering how crowded it gets. Seriously, you'll have 5 people rub their asses on your table before you take the first bite. I guess tourists dig this whole stereotypical Miami thing, but having lived here my whole life, I'll happily pass.
I love this place for the friendliness, the festiveness, the energy, It's just adorably fun! It reminds me of Festa Karaoke in San Francisco where anyone who came in was welcomed and treated like family. People are just really cool here. And any place with cool peeps gets an extra star from me. When we came here on Sunday at noon, they were already jamming out on the bongos and singing or dancing on the table. We didn't get any food, just virgin pina coladas since it was the day of the mother drive home. Lol. The drink was pretty good but not as tasty as the one I had at News Cafe the day before.
Well I managed to successfully black out here....which means that the drinks were incredibly strong.  It was a little strange however, having to pay 60$ for a drink...however it did get served in a fish bowl which was pretty nice.  The drinks however, were pretty nasty tasting.  We ordered 2 of them, and they both were very difficult to finish.  I expected a little punch to it, but the raw liquor nearly knocked me out.  My suggestion would be just to stick to beer and avoid the huge mixed speciality drinks...because they are not very good and they will bring you close to death.  Overall however, service was very good, and we had no problems getting in, and this was on a Friday night.
Well, Mango's is still as crazy as I remember it all those times I've been here. Finally got to come back here. There is a line, even on a Sunday night, which is crazy. It is non-stop here I suppose. It is crowded and even more so in the two rooms upstairs. But that's where the dance floors are. So much fun! And the dancers on top of the bar are still there to put on a show. It's funny they drag up the women who are bachelorettes or birthday girls and have fun with them! :)
This place is a must go to place when in Miami. The location is great, right on Ocean Dr, South Beach. The atmosphere is amazing! Very fun place to hang out with friends, meet people, great drinks & great dancing. Love it!!!!
$16 mojitos... pretty good ones too... just a little pricey.. they have entertainment which gets old after about 5 songs..  hahah a little older crowd....    cocktails were good...
Went there to enjoy our night on Ocean Drive and the ambiance was really good with the entertaining shows and the dancers. It got pretty crowded on a Sunday night and the music was enjoyable. I'm removing one star for the incredibly high prices: 30$ for a rum coke and a vodka redbull, 54$ for four tequila shots! I guess it's the price you've to pay to party in South Beach...
Went there to be a tourist which is what I am when I am somewhere Im not from. They had a reggae band not half bad and the singer was friendly. Waiters were cool this spot is a bit cheesy but it pretty much covers all you need Music Food Women dancing on the bar make it better then the rainforest cafe
In short, if you're going to Miami for the first time, you should stop by here at least for one drink and a couple performances. Came here on a MONDAY night btw. (what day it is seems to be important to what you experience in Miami, at least for my boyfri and I) Visited SoBe for a few days and I got a recommendation for this place so I gave it a shot. 3 stars because It was alrighttt; definitely a tourist-y spot (but what more could you expect on Ocean Ave lol) Super colorful place, loud latin music, performances by staff every 15 minutes... it's definitely a live spot. Staff was alright and the crowd was a good mix of older and younger people. Drinks are a tad expensive, of course.. $22 for a rum & coke and a Malibu B.B. We stayed for two rounds at the bar (b/c you need an rsvp or bottle service for the tables in the middle), watched at least 6 performances, and left. Not a bad spot, but we felt like it wasn't worth staying. So like I said, if it's your first time in Miami, you like Latin music, and you're around/staying close to Ocean, you definitely should stop by once for the experience.
My new spot to party when I'm in South Beach. I went back 4x and still had a blast!
I found this business to be extremely shady. First they said their CC machine was down and tried to make us order more or get cash from their atm. It just seemed like a way for them to increase their atm business.
Our concierge at the hotel recommended we eat here, so we decided to check it out, and I'm so glad we did!  The food and drinks were amazing, and the performers are extremely talented.  The music was fun as well, and the waiters are all so gorgeous.  It was a total sausage fest!
