Completely and utterly worth it. $15 gets you in with pizza, chex mix, and soft drinks. (Oh yeah, and comedy acts...) $35 gets you the above with an open bar of top shelf liquor and beers. The comedy is top notch. I've been to the Improv and this is ten times better.
The Comedy Inn is located in the Quailty Inn by The Falls Mall. $25 gets you enterance to the show and open bar all night. The room is fairly large with a bowl of chex mix on each table. The open bar was good, didn't have any of that cheap house liquor. They even had Ying Ling beer. I saw they had Mailbu as well, but couldn't see that much else because it was a little dark. The crowd is a bit on the older side but for great comedy I didn't mind. The comedians were really funny. A guy even came out imitating Chris Angel and that shit was great. The host is great and the owner is very humble as he comes out in the begining of the show to introduce himself. During the middle of the show the bartenders start giving out shots to everyone. At the end  of the show Papa John's pizza was waiting outside for everyone. Come early so you can get a seat. Show starts at 9:00, I was there at like 9:15 and it was fairly packed already. Comedy Inn is a good place to go on a Friday night when you're in the mood for a good laugh and tired of the bar /nightclub scene.
Doing the comedy circuit once again. I've reviewed the Miami Improv; I've reviewed Uva. Now for The Comedy Inn, the last bastion of hope for a man trying to support his friend's hobby. Wait a second: a comedy show less than 5 minutes from my house with free parking and all you can drink? ATTENTION CITIZENS OF PALMETTO BAY AND PINECREST: MARK YOUR FRIDAY NIGHTS FOR COMEDY INN. Seriously, its $25 to get in and all you can drink. Booze is whatever they have, which usually has a variety of rums (Captain Morgan's and Malibu), vodka (Smirnov), whiskey (Jack and/or Jim), wine and beer (Yuengling until it runs out, then Miller Lite and Coronas). Sometimes after the show, if the turnout was huge they'll have pizza, which will help sober you up. A nice touch. Oh yeah, there's also a show. Usually they get about 3-4 local comedians perform and a headliner. Again, this isn't open mic night at the Improv, these are the young (well some are old) men and women who are working on their craft and all hilarious. You have great talent just trying to make a name for themselves and presenting a wide variety of humor (family, geek, parody, relationships or lack there of), you have the "still local but have been on cable" comedians like Johnny Trabs, and if you went on 8/6 you saw Detroit comedian Dwayne Gill who was on Last Comic Standing. The comedians rotate on a weekly basis, but you are sure to have a great time no matter what the week. Notes: While this isn't 21 and up, there is alcohol and adult comedians. This isn't for kids or for those who are easily offended. As word of mouth has begun to spread (I know, who would have thought you could get great entertainment and boozed up without leaving your neighborhood ?), the place is getting more packed each week - If you are with a group get there early. Lastly, just be courteous to the other guests and performers. Everyone is there to have a good time, so just be relaxed and enjoy the show.
Great Local Comedy Spot! What is This? A place in Palmetto Bay that has Comedy? Unheard of? Well it's Not! Located in the Quality  Inn on US1. This small little comedy club packs A Punch of Comedy needed in the area. For $35 you get All You Can Drink! Not just Cheap beer and low end alcohol but The Good Stuff. They have a well stocked bar run by two Awesome Ladies! The room is small and it fits about 50-60 people. So its very intimate and you get to see and hear the Comedians perfectly. I think it happens once a month but I'm not sure so you can call or check on line for details. I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for Comedy in the Palmetto Bay area. It happens on a Friday so its a Great night to see some Local Comedy!
Love this place!!!  Hilarious comedy, laid back setting and HELLO  open bar??! LOVING that...  That two drink minimum gets old - how about no drink minimum, drink all you want! Anyway, if you wanna laugh your a** off on a Friday night, swing by the Comedy Inn!
This turned out wayyyyy better than I expected. At first i wondered how they could host a comedy show inside a Quality Inn, but it's actually the most up close and personal  comedy show you could ever go to. It's inside a conference room, decked out with a stage, cool lights, and best of all an open bar with top notch alcohol & beer. There are plenty of tables and chairs with snacks, but just enough to still make you feel exclusive and like a VIP. No matter where you sit you get a perfect view of the stage and the comedians get a perfect view of you so there is no place to hide from them picking you as their target. Awesome comedy, great liquor , and an overall fantastic night.
Amazing local comedy spot! Well worth the admission for the show and they have a full open bar and food after the show. Where else can you find anything like this on a Friday night in Miami? Open bar + comedy show =  awesome. They also have ticket specials if you join the mailing list on the website so it gets even better. The venue is in The Quality Inn on US1 and has free parking for the show. Great atmosphere and great comedians! Will be back for sure.
This an amazing gole in tje wall local joint. It is a conf room inside the hotel where a group of friends get together to make some jokes? Brilliant! Bunch of locals.... Wow and this is only our second time here and def wont be the last. Great job guys, keep it up.
I picked up the groupon special a couple of months ago and I was a little skeptical not knowing what to expect. Overall, I had a real good time; the comedians were on point and the atmosphere was live and vibrant!! I thought the selection of alcohol was average at best and some of the mixes werent top notch. The bartenders had to work that one line fast and their set up was not very comfortable, I would recommend to get them some extra help at least at the beginning of the show where crowds tend to get the longest and def. a much more comfortable setting for them. I would def. go again and recommend yelpers to give it a try and  see if you become a fan of The Comedy Inn!
Comedy Inn is great! Hilarious comedy, great people, open bar, all in an intimate setting.  Couldn't ask for much more!  Keep up the good work guys!
