E11EVEN is easily the best adult entertainment venue I've ever been to (so far).  In the end, it's a strip club, but it goes so much more beyond that.  It's a mix of classy and artsy, and overall well choreographed.  The club itself is spacious, has awesome light effects and a great sound system. This place is definitely worth checking out for after hours after a night of clubbing. Service isn't pushy here at all and their table service is top of the line VIP.  Even the bouncers are nice!
Do not let the "ewww it's a strip club" mindset keep you from coming here. There are strip clubs and then there are places like this that take the adult entertainment to an entirely different level. It is classy, artistic, visually stunning, and very well done. We were lucky enough to come here because Touché (Restaurant upstairs) hosted a block party for 3 of the surrounding residences. Afterwards we were invited downstairs to see the show. I'm glad we did because it was well worth it and the experience helps you redefine your thoughts and opinions regarding "strip clubs"
Best nightclub in Miami. The staff is what makes it. Most clubs will offer lights and music and alcohol. However, clubs like LIV and Story have complete butt heads working the doors and the bars. They don't make you feel special. They make you feel like it's YOUR privilege being there.   At e11even, they respect their customers. That's how it should be and that's why I'm writing this review and why I will be promoting this venue to all of my friends and yelpers.
I don't think the club is all that!! First the positives... Got sat and attentive bunch (at first). Good music and girls looked nice enough. As a person that's visited similar clubs this place is at the bottom. Lap dances were terrible according to two different friends(man and a women). Upon leaving they were the rudest bunch! Be vary careful when it comes to your check. They tried to get three people from our group to sign the same check amount of $1200! Don't think I will return to this place.
I was recommended to come here by some folks back in Boston. The first floor is a strip club and the top floor is a rooftop nightclub. This place is trying to do two completely different things and does them both very well. Strip Club - It looks like the design was lifted right from Grand Theft Auto. Multiple stages, a few bars to grab drinks, and a host of girls (and security staff) walking around offering everything from lap dances to shoulder massages. It cost me $10 to get in and ladies were free. A red bull and vodka and a sex on the beach totaled a whopping $40. Obviously this place is not for the faint of heart or light in the wallet. The girls were generally very attractive and it is topless only. The Rooftop Club - Since my wallet was cleared out on the first floor and due to the drink sticker shock downstairs I didn't order more drinks upstairs but I imagine the prices were the same. Good views on the roof of downtown Miami's skyline. On the night I visited they had live music but mixed in some top 40. All in all this was a worthwhile stop on my visit to Miami however keep in mind this place is not cheap.
Nice place to have drinks on the rooftop, dance & unwind. I will return Sunny
It's funny writing a review about a strip club ... which E11even is (no matter what the marketing brochure may tell you). But, for a strip club, it's nice and clean and the girls aren't super pushy with their up-selling. We went with new friends after an event on a Thursday and there wasn't too much going on. The place is big, so it needs a lot of peeps inside to feel like it's poppin'. The dancers were okay -- cute little side shows -- but the center stage was just okay. Fun enough to end a fun night though.
FINALLY got a chance to check out this place this past weekend. It's a little bittersweet because I had so many fun, unique, hilarious memories at Goldrush but it seems no matter what business partakes in this building I'll always have an enjoyable experience. First floor is strictly boobs and women galore. Second is a little more sparse of the strippers and had a great open view of the first floor madness, also great viewing area for the cirque-style performances. Rooftop is Touché; area that is half fine dining and half an open area with a bar, giant screen, another open format DJ and a view of downtown. I personally enjoyed most of my time on the second floor. If you happen to stop by this area, order a drink from my favorite bartender Camilo. He's great! (and has amazing hair, can't miss him!) I really enjoyed the drinks, the performances, the music and dancing the morning away in my own little world upstairs. I definitely got drunk and definitely had a great time. Looking forward to my next 11 experience!
Save your money kids because this place adds up quick! But you do get what you pay for. And well, if you pay for it, you'll get it.
I'd say is a 'Beautiful Show House'. Strippers are everywhere doing they're job, but they're cool and not pushy at all! They do have the little rooms that must happen a lot os things that do happen in regular strip clubs, but everything is very discreet, the place is always clean and looking polished, the shows are AMAZING, always something that will cough your attention, there is a lot of security around wich makes you feel safe, the music rock and the Restaurant at the sunroof is a great option to start the night. Totally worthed to go, great for a group of people or just a different vibe with your partner or friend.
I don't know what's in this place that is so exhilarating. The vibe of this place just takes you into a trance. Sends little trickles of euphoria slowly down your spine which then simultaneously explodes all around you. This place is amazing and impressive and refine. It's not suppose to be a "strip club" but "la puteria" that I saw in here I haven't seen anywhere else. Which it makes it even sexier because it's disguise and covered behind a very thin linen veil. I love it!!!! It takes my inner animal for a walk and I like that.      Something about suits and skin that's is very sexy. I meet one of the entertainers actually I know her personally because she takes her dog to me lol. She made my night!!! Along with her other friends. Omg!!!! I have to say is.... She comes close time and whispers in my ear Hello Mrs Hernandez what can we do for you, me and my friends we are at your complete service. I then knew exactly how Mr. GRey feels if there is one. They have a really nice menu which I ordered a roast but the food and the champagne are really not in my mind right now. Filled with exotics acts, it's a mix of cique do soleil Zumanity and Scarletts cabaret.   The main room, equipped with a bar, lit-up cage, mini-podium with a large center pillar, and an LED wall is the first thing you notice when you step foot into the club. During the daytime, the main room transforms into the day club, a lounge, sports bar-like setting where you can watch the game on the TV screens or sit at the high-top tables or on the couches for cocktails. The second floor of the main room, however, is the VIP area. These guys get special treatment. I was there's and can't wait to get back. The VIP area, we had our own entrance so we didn't have to go through everybody else and our own champagne bar of course. But don't worry ... If you're everybody else,there are three other bars where you can drink all the Dom Pérignon you want, 32 private rooms equipped with iPads and flat screen TVs, and access to the stage which is surrounded by black chaises for a face-to-face encounter. The entertainment may be all the hype, but one of the club's best features is the rooftop deck. We made our way to the second-floor elevator (which happens to have a private door) and went from a dark-lit room to a bright, open air rooftop terrace in a matter of seconds. Unlike the rest of the whole mysterious vibe E11EVEN's got going on, the cabana-style deck is warm and inviting, wooden floors, wicker and linen couches, a bar, and all. I can't wait to be back and now that I have a little insider it just triples the fun fantasy for me.
"It's exactly what you think it is!"   Yep, that's their actual tagline, which is true if you are thinking this is a strip club with atrociously expensive drinks, "3 different levels of VIP", a restaurant and weird acrobatic shows!   Maybe my mind isn't quite that stretched, but that wasn't what I was thinking and if it's what you were thinking, then I need access to your medications... or lifestyle. E11even "club" bills itself as the epitome of nightlife with exotic shows, upscale digs and dining, going on 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.  Before it opened where the Miami staple, Gold Rush once used to be, everyone I know was talking about it, wondering if it was a dance club with shows, a la Vegas or whatnot.  The buzz was good and I was intrigued.  So I paid a visit and here is the skinny of it: *  It's a Strip Club If you live in Miami, you know that we have a reputation for great strip clubs and this one is another addition to our expanding repertoire. The girls are gorgeous, tastefully distant and come in a variety of shapes and sizes, if by that you mean skinny and hot.  There are a few spots for them to dance and oddly, there are no poles, so they mostly meander around their little stages and vogue awkwardly, waiting for Benjamins to pour down on them. *  It's absolutely gorgeous Hats off to whomever designed the place and apparently no expense was spared in making this the kind of place you only see in movies (Entourage the movie had scenes shot here, which should come as no surprise).  Upwards of $40MM was spent in the redesign of this place and it shows.  It has the feel of a very upscale Miami super-exclusive club, with two levels, beautiful bar areas, private rooms, lighting and rooftop restaurant!  Yep, a restaurant at a strip club, which gives a new meaning to the term "strip of meat"! *  Performance Shows E11even say it's like Cirque du Soleil.  OK.  Yes, there are scheduled acrobatic shows center-stage with elaborate costumes and lighting, but it just feels... forced.  It breaks up the flow and they make too much of a deal preparing for the show, that the actual [short] show tends to be disappointing.  I don't really understand what the purpose of this is, but I am sure it's part of making it seem classier than your average strip joint.  meh! * Terminology is everything They're not dancers/strippers, they are "Performers". They're not private dance rooms, they are "Conversation Rooms" It's not VIP, it's "Ultra VIP". They're not Bouncers, they are "VIP Service Valets" E11even is very particular about its vocabulary.  But unless your "Performers" are trained Gaishas with a complete grasp of a multitude of knowledge in every field, at the end of the day, they are just strippers in a Champagne Room.  You can paint rust any color you want, it's still rust, baby! *  vip, VIP, Ultra-V.I.P. So you know they are looking for the major Ballers when they have 3 different levels of VIP.  Yes, you heard that right.  Joe Schmoe with a few bills to his name gets the regular vip, Movers and Shakers get a more private VIP treatment, while if you are a celebrity/basketball player/rapper/car wash mogul, you get the Ultra V.I.P. where you can be "yourself in complete privacy while enjoying the place".  That means you are draped off with your entourage and no cameras threaten your 'well-earned' privacy.  Here is the indication of the crowd they are after... and sorry, but it's probably not you reading this right now, unless your Bentley drives a Bentley.   *  AmEx Black - Don't leave home without it So as you may have already guessed, someone has to pay for this place, it's prime location, 24-hours-a-day hours, velvet drapes, staff and sexy interiors.  Wanna take a gander who that is?  Yep, you!  The prices are astronomical for everything from drinks, to food to the dancers.  I am guessing that is to keep the riffraff like you and me out and only cater to the high-end.  BUT, is there enough Ballers (even in Miami) that will hang out here on a regular basis to make it last, even in Miami?  Hmm... time will tell, but after having lived here for more than a decade, I have my doubts. Whew!  What a long ass review!  That's not even the half of it, as I haven't even covered the restaurant, the rooftop, the layout or many others.  What most strip clubs in Miami have figured out is that while you want to make it upscale, you still want the money of the regular working stiffs as well, so you price your drinks  reasonably (even cheap, like Tootsies), put up a pole with some skillful Russian dancers and woo 'John Landscaper' in and take his daily pay, but E11even doesn't want that group even in its parking lot.  I can write a book, But my fingers are tired so here is the Too Long;Didn't Read version: TL;DR - Ultra-Expensive Strip Club that tries to be everything a Baller would want, not for the general unwashed masses, with spectacular marketing and most likely a short life-span!
Thiefs / Credit Card Users Beware This is the classic scam shop. In a nut shell we ran into a couple of friends and their ladies. We were there with them for about two hours. Everything was fine until my buddy offered to pick up the bill for the two couples. When presented with the check there was a charge on the bill for 12 Malibu's. The only two drinking Malibu were the two ladies. I'd actually picked up a round of drinks for them as well and I was personally charged for 4 Malibu's, on my tab. The bar claimed the girls were drinking doubles. However you do the math, the suggestion is that these two 120 pound chicks drank 16 cocktails (8 each) in just over two hours. If that were the case they should have been completely trashed and unable to walk out. This was not the case, either way it doesn't add up. So once they overcharge you for stuff you didn't order a cavalcade of employees that try to intimidate you, make you believe you've ordered more than you have, and generally make your life miserable. It will definitely be a hassle to state your case and leave without getting hemmed up.They will in fact won't let you out till you sign for whatever they have decided to charge you for, and then it will be up to you to take it up with your credit card co. BTW there is a very small general seating areal off the bar area, which means if you show up on a busy night and want to chill in a chair it will likely cost you "the pit"  which was a $400 min for a bottle at around 10pm. It gets more expensive as the night goes on. Simple fact draw your own conclusions. This place may seem convenient to downtown/ Brickell, and it is,  but it comes with at hidden cost - more specifically whatever they feel they can tack on to your bill without you noticing.   It's worth the ride up north to a more established place (whichever one you choose)  that appreciates their clientele versus going to this hack establishment. Holla
Club 11 its the place to go here in Miami all in one place Adult entertainmentrestaurant  nightclub awesome place to meeting new people friendly people I love this place
We were given flyers for Elleven for the after party  Justin Timberlake concert and we thought this was a club, because it did say dance clubs, clearly this was not the case. The taxi pulled in and there was no line and it was about 11:30 pm so we thought it was kind of weird. As I walked in, i saw two girls topless and touching each other, my sister and I laughed, we were shocked because we weren't expecting that all, and we were over dressed (hoochy, club attire dresses). We processed to the bar across the entrance and bought two drinks (jack/coke & cranberry/vodka) which was $28 (total ripe-off), the only good thing was the bartender had a huge rack. Right next to us was a model looking woman talking to an old man who was grabbing her cheeks and kissing her, totally loved her stripper, silver heels. We walked to the center of the room and stood by the hallways. Apparently, there was a VIP section, not anyone could pass through, but you could see everything from the hallways. 2/3 of the women had small boobies, which is good because not everyone has a nice rack, so I liked the itty-titty commitee.  Then they had  women with bigger boobs and nice booties who could twerk. I observed a couple approaching a good looking girl, who danced for the man, and he was touching her (which I assumed was not allowed) she was rubbing her tits on his face and then she danced on the girl, after the dance the man gave her 60 bucks. The over all feeling was a "whore house" and the men there were mostly older, rich men who had all these young women next to them. The women were beautiful. BTW Justin Timberlake never showed up while we were there. I left and didn't get a lapdance :(
This place is having an identity crisis. Is it a club? sort of; a stripclub? not really and a restaurant? dont think so. We went last night for the closing of WMC, it was a party filled with "industry people" that have been there done that. And to tell you I heard most of them say that they missed gold rush is telling you something. The door was a problem since we wanted to buy a couple of tables but we were still expecting more people we had to wait a good 30 min... seriously? you are gonna make me wait to spend thousands of dollars? ok never mind that once we got in, we were given a side table on the 1st floor with 3 more tables attached but only one waitress? ok never mind that the boys wanted a strip club experience, but there is only one pole in the middle of the dancefloor, with a sporadical show once every couple of songs but empty for most of the night. the rest of the strippers were either walking around  bored or going to the second floor for the private rooms. We walked around and headed to the rooftop. They had a different music going and a nice bar. Dont think I will be going back.
Last night I attended the much hyped about Eleven Miami. I will tell you right now,  the first review was quite obviously manufactured.  Here's the an honest review people. Let me lift the veil of mystery surrounding this club. I give 3 stars because of the prices and the lack of a dance floor. But Let me explain fully. The lines are set up in a confusing tangle of  ( Guest List, Bottle Service, VIP and General Entry)  Good luck figuring out which line you are in. The security guards are polite though. I saw one guy explain to someone that their attire was not exactly on point in a very respectful way. I think he still let the guy in but explained that the next guy might not let him pass so to speak. It is refreshing to see respectful doormen. You can only enter when a certain amount of people exit. Once inside the charge was $15 per person. I don't know if this is just the grand opening price or not, but that's what it was Saturday Night. Space is a commodity. Also don't expect to go down to the dance floor.THERE IS NO DANCE FLOOR. The area is taken up by a stage and tables. Very similar to strip club.Which the club essentially is. This is not a dance club. In order to sit by stage you must have bottle service. Bottle service for Grey Goose is $350- $600 depending if you get 1 liter or a magnum. Jack Daniels is $600-$900. Regular mixed drinks are $15. That is what I paid for an Absolute and cranberry. There is no fixed well.I don't want to think about what a Jack & Coke would have cost me. I switched to Angry Orchards (which I was happy to see they carried) The shows are surprisingly good. Adorable in fact. I loved the fact that the dancers have choreography and costumes.I give them credit for the production value. If you frequent Vagabond or went to Dream on south beach on a Monday for Cirque X  , the shows are very similar. There are strippers walking around everywhere. They offer lap dances. Lap dances are about $35-$50 depending if you want full nudity. Couples pay double.There are even private rooms.The dancers are very polite as are all the employees. Honestly the employees truly made it all tolerable. There is eye candy galore ! The men and women of Eleven are definitely eye worthy and professional. The club has a restaurant on the top terrace. The prices are a bit much for a (an upscale strip club). A sushi roll is $16, I think a sandwich goes for $28. I suggest going down the block to Denny's if you get the munchies. The terrace itself is lovely. Its not super easy to get there. We had to walk past the ever present bank divider/ropes to get to an elevator to take us there. I actually enjoyed being up there the most. It was calmer and sweet Jesus there were seats at the bar!   So all in all this is a place where you go to drop money. Its Tootsies with the lights turned off,and drink prices jacked up. Once again, there is NO DANCE FLOOR. Its an upper class strip club. This is where Miami business men will take out of town business men to show them "Miami" . I see many deals being made on the terrace and private rooms....of all sorts. It is Miami after all. I suggest going at least once,but be forewarned,bring lots of cash. The ATM charge here is $10.
I don't get it, no, really, who wants to come here? As an "upscale strip club" this place is missing one major ingredient, girls.  See, go to Scarlett's on a Saturday night and the place has 100+ gorgeous girls, they also have amazing music, places to sit, a nice ambiance and decent prices.  Here you have a huge space that was packed when I went on a Saturday, there were maybe 20 girls (I remember seeing 10 so I'm being generous), no place to sit (it's not that type of place) and prices that were ridiculous even for Miami ($9 beers, lap dances for $150?). But no, you say, this is not a strip club, this is a "club", "entertainment venue", the "liv of downtown", well then as a club there is no place to dance and 2/3 of the space is taken by VIP, Ultra VIP and really really IVIP. Might as well go to Mynt, even Spazio is better than that (I just realized the irony of naming that place "space") It fails on both counts.
I had a lot of hope for this place. The club itself is gorgeous, the food is out of this world, the performances are pretty good. But it ends there. The layout is awkward, there is no dancefloor and a stripper pole with average strippers wearing typical cheap g strings and nothing fancy or high class whirling around a pole smack dab in the middle of everything. Don't mind strippers, but I don't like the fact that the pole is where a dancefloor should be. And I was expecting more fancy maybe burlesque style or cirque style performances. The aerial performers were good.  If they put the poles on the sides or on the stage that would be perfect. I don't know, this club has so much potential but it's flat soda in my book. I guess I'd go again if friends were dying to go, but I wouldn't go out of my way. Not impressed.
Just what downtown needed! I'm a fan of after hours spots and strip clubs and this is it. So excited to have this place downtown. I went with friends a little after midnight and had a great time. FYI they had sooooo many girls working every other girl was a stripper! And if you're not into girls in g strings just ask to take the elevator to the roof. I will be taking friends for sure! Likes: * The rooftop restaurant with tons of couches and tables. * Multiple bars * The strippers were nice. * Nice Doormen & security * Service was fast although they got my first drink wrong. * Creative performances from GoGos, aerialists, and contortionists. Dislikes: * Expensive drinks * Lack of variety in music * Elevator wasn't working from the second floor when we went. * Lack of dance floor. Would be nice if they had nights were the dance floor is open.
My friend invited me to go to this "new club" and I love clubs, so of course I said yes! Wow! That was my first impression when I came into the club that is decorated with finesse and extreme good taste. It made me fell like I was at Story (one of my fav clubs right now), and that was good. I talked to the VIP service manager and asked him to explain the concept of the house, and he stated that they are a upscale 24/7 club with "entertainers" for all tastes, with a variety of options of shows and services  to be enjoyed like their "conversation rooms" with rates starting from 30 min to 4 hrs of use. Let's not discuss numbers, but you can spend an entire night at a nice hotel in south beach with their initial 30 min. rate... Can you get the idea? That was the magic moment I realized I was not at a club, but a strip club! They have three areas inside, downstairs with the stages, the VIP VIP area (where they promise privacy for their more than VIP customers), and the upstairs where the "conversation rooms" are located. The rooms are all nicely equipped with a love seat, a small coffee table, and a 19 inch TV (???) . They also have a rooftop area, under construction right now, but the manager promised that it will be outstanding. They are adding a restaurant, retractable TV screens will be installed (already thinking of the World cup, games, etc.), a state of art retractable roof is already installed so their VIP VIP customers can enjoy their "entertainers" rain or shine, and a small stage for shows. Downstairs they have acrobatic shows, according to them with performers from the Cirque Du Solei. The show I watched was interesting, but I would not compare it to the Cirque's show... It is obvious that to enjoy it all you will need money, lots of it! Yes, they are an upscale strip club with beautiful "entertainers", and as I spoke to other employees, some of them even go to Law school, maybe to keep up a good conversation on their special rooms... Who knows? It is definitely a gorgeous venue, I only wish they were a club (dance club)! It's worth a visit, but be prepared to spend like you mean it.
I went to the soft opening of this brand new $40 million club in Miami and it was awesome and will become the must visit club in town. I would describe it as a cross between an awesome Miami nightclub + cirque du soleil performance + Eyes Wide Shut movie The women here are stunningly beautiful and there is tons of eye candy here. The club music is loud and there are many VIP tables and private rooms to enjoy, but the prices are super steep. The drinks are very good, the lighting is awesome, but the real show takes place in the center stage where a huge variety of performers entertain the audience. They have aerialists, contortionists, dancers, performers, etc. and this is sorta like having a private circus for everyone to enjoy. There is lots of cigarette smokers here and for some strange reason, the bouncers and waitresses will tell you that photos are not allowed, even thought everyone tries to take pictures of the performers. Hopefully, the photography policy will change as this place is uber cool.
This is exactly what downtown Miami needed. Beautiful space, incredible performers, stiff drinks,  good music, and beautiful women.  Think....Cirque, Liv, & Scarlettes all rolled in to one.  LOVE IT! For those of you complaining about the drink prices.. have you ordered a drink at ANY OTHER Miami night club? (I paid $25 for a redbull vodka at mansion last week!). Oh, and If you're looking for a $5 drink and $20 lapdance -  some fine establishments in Hialeah might suite you better. Might I suggest PT's? ;-)
So this place is a number of things all built into one, a club, lounge, restaurant, strip club, show. There's so much going on at once with acrobats flying through the air and strippers dancing you feel like you're in a mythical place that you never knew existed until you walk through the door. One of the bouncers actually upgraded us to a table for free so that is a positive memory I have of this place. We were fortunate in this case. But if you come here, be ready to drop some serious guap cause the drinks are NOT cheap.
Alright. This place is NOT what I thought it was. I thought it would be more along the lines of a "Box" from NYC. But no, this really is nothing more than a strip club. Furthermore, most of the guys I saw in there were there for many reasons, but reason was because they aren't the type that would easily pick up ladies in a normal bar. This place is designed for individuals attracted to women. The drinks are ridiculously expensive. I appreciate great acrobatics and dancing. And these were talented strippers. I am NOT criticizing the talent; I'm criticizing the club for misrepresenting itself. The bartenders were nice, and the venue is designed well. Regardless, I find no reason as a heterosexual woman to go here. If you're a guy looking to get laid, you're going to have to pay for it here...don't go here to meet girls that don't work here. After the buzz wears off and everyone realizes it is just a high-end strip club, it will be just that. I'm sure I'll enjoy it under different circumstances, like when I crash a boys-night-out with my guy friends, And maybe then, I can appreciate it as a strip club. Sorry  E11EVEN, but I wish I knew the real deal before dropping even the $10 cover and the $60 on 3 drinks.
I honestly don't like stripclubs but I must say this one is so well done! It is classy and it doesn't feel like a stripclub that much.  It is more of a nightclub with all kinds of performers including strippers!!!! The club itself is beautiful! every detail with such good taste. I believe this is a game changer for the industry because it is so versatile and fun! One of the nicest gentlemen clubs/cabaret I've been to and totally unisex! :)
Dont go here...EVER...the club steals money from you, overcharges your credit card, then when you complain, they call the police and threaten to send you to jail...one of the most dangerous, worst experiences of my life...goto tootsies or wonderland...much nicer, much more classy...
Overrated with a confused identity. Is it a strip club or a nightclub or a lounge? If its a nightclub then its pretty nice with expensive drinks but they need better music and a dance floor area. If its a lounge they need to turn down the music and make proper cocktails. If its a strip club they need more girls (that are experienced)... Service is poor as well. Management is snobby and pretentious as most overrated places in Miami usually are. The managers name begins with an "R", he doesn't seem to be too nice or helpful either. But he has run clubs in Chicago, I don't know how that helps down here... Beware of fake reviews which most of them are. Go to the more established strip clubs or other clubs/lounges in Miami. This location was a strip club before that closed down (hint hint) this place probably won't last either. First impressions don't always have to be permanent but sometimes they are...
Probably NOT going back. Cover, really???? We'll pay it for live music but a club that charges $15+/drink, adds the tip, and expects extra tips? No way! C'mon it's not the 80's. House in Wynwood was MUCH better!
E11EVEN is amazing! I have been several times,  and YES, I have spent a lot of $, but isn't that the norm here in miami? Every time I go,  I have a different experience.  For those saying there's no dance floor,  I respond with the world IS a dance floor!!! If you really want to dance,  you will find a way.  I agree that the music is sometimes repetitive,  but I find that everywhere, since I'm more of a trap & bass kinda gal. The club will be there for a very long time,  I'm sure...the owners,  managers,  and staff all know what they are doing,  and I'd give E11EVEN stars if I could!
After a few occasions here Iv decided. The Costomer service here is awful. Nice looking club but overrated. Stick to the classic south beach clubs.
Wow! Just wow!! Rooftop cuisine wow! Door service wow! Ground floor whole Krapwowiwowowow !
Expensive but super cool Club/topless joint that has a sexy, fun vibe.  Expect to spend a ton of cash if you get a table, which is frankly the best way to experience it.  Private dances are more expensive than a usual strip joint by about double, but the vibe is still more "club" than anything else.  Music was excellent, and the sideshows they ran (cirque du soleil style, 60's go go, etc) kept the entertainment varied.  Definitely a fun place for an after dinner bottle of vodka and dancing - along with topless women.  How bad could that be?
I loved my time here, I didn't realize we had been partying for 6 hours but this place was going for 24 hours straight! I was put on the guest list by a wonderful promoter who wanted to make my time 'home' more enjoyable and boy did me and my man enjoy ourselves! I'm not gonna go into a bunch of detail ( hey use ur imagination) but yes, it's a gentleman's club and I had a blast.....especially when I told the DJ it was my birthday....aww yeah one of the best spots in South Beach!
Wow! Big pleasant surprise! I must say this is bitter sweet for me to review this place since I don't enjoy strip clubs...at all! So you can imagine how good this place is for me to give 5 star review to a strip club! So let's start by the beginning! Place doesn't even feel or look like a strip club! It's huge and awesome and the shows are in very good taste (burlesque style). They are open 24/7 so basically every hour is happy hour there but what impressed me the most was the safety! It's in downtown but they have valet and lots of security at the door. So even if you come at night it's very safe! The strippers do go around asking if you want a lap dance blabla but they are very classy and not pushy! Never thought I'd say this about a strip club but I really liked my time there and will recommend not only to ppl who like these kind of places but to everyone! Super cool place :)
Came here about two months ago on a sunday during wmc week. Me and a gf of mine wanted a break from the pool parties and huge nightclubs we had been frequenting all week. A local told us about this spot so we decided to check it out. I was expecting a normal stripclub...this place was anything but that. To my surprise it was more like a full on nightclub with a few stages for the strippers. Our table was in the main room so we got a great view of the main stage. Great service from the bottle service girls & the strippers were all great looking! Cant wait to visit here again :) i'll definately be back soon!!
Impressive venue, pricey but that's expected.  Friendly bartenders, douchey bouncers, gorgeous dancers.  Good for big or small groups, better if u get a table.  24hrs so always a great late night option.
Looking for information on the Chris Bosh Birthday Party After Party, I came across some information on a party flyer on Instagram for ticket purchases...I went on the website to see purchase and there was no purchase option...I called and MICHEAL assisted me. He was very helpful and retieved information for me. You can reserve a table with an alcohol minimum but I did not need that since I was going alone. I did get into the cabaret for $20 at 12:30am. I saw Chris Bosh arrive with his friends and family. Once you enter this dark oasis of adult entertainment, you see that the pole dancers are more about sex appeal than pole skill. I'm used to women at King Of Diamonds in Miami who display strength, flexibility, creativity and entertainment. The girls here we're frankly boring... DJ Steph Floss did an awesome job. I would go back for the laser show and music. Not so much for the dancers though.
Left mansion with a group of 30 people 6 bottles. 8 of us went to E11even to check it out. Valet was rude said they were full we walked all the way from Mekka. Had to stand in line even though we said we want 3 bottles. The bouncers had horrible attitude towards everyone. We get in get our table set up , ordered food never got it. They moved our table to a bigger section as it got slow . The girls were propositioning the whole group for "favors" in the back room . Besides the girls being really dirty the talent was the worst in Miami ! You want a aerial show like cirque du soliel Then go to Liv or Mansion . If you want it in a titty bar with actual beautiful talented woman & much better dining go to solid gold . They have cirque du solid gold Friday n Saturday nights.
Its a whole different concept. A place where you can go and appreciate beautiful dancers, theatrics, friendly staff. EVERYTHING 24/7..!!!
$30 lap dances?? GTFOH....i'd rather go to King of Diamonds or Toostsie's....I WANT THE LOVE!  lol....kinda racist too
First of all. Who the hell gonna pay $30-50 for entrance?! That ridiculous! Second of all. The place is overhyped! I go in and the place is nice and all. But I'm confused is it a club or a StripClub? Feels more of a nightclub to be honest. I walked in and couldn't tell who was the stripper or a regular girl. The drinks is sorta expensive. Beer is $8-9 and a  vodka with  og about $13-17. I went around 5am and ended up leaving at 10am. Around 8am they'll close the main room. And put u into a smaller section which they pretty much close the main room with a huge curtain. If I wanna go to a StripClub I'll stick to a stripclub. But this place is more of a club. If you wanna have a good time. Make sure you bring $$$ cause that the only time you'll have fun. If you have a table with bottles.
the first thing that comes to mind is: classy ( i told my bf he can come here by himself,if he wanted too..yea that classy) for sure a  night  I will never forget. I fell in love with this place from the moment I walked in from the sad steps out. customer service is on point.  THERE SMILES EVERYWHERE. people genuinely having a good time. the 2nd floor host andy, was a DOLL. and the busboy( I guess )was amazing, all of the employees where humble and easy on the eyes. it was refreshing. calling it a strip club would be degrading it. if you want the typical ass shaking p****y poopin tacky chair  scene, this is not the club for you. (not that its a bad thing) great music, great light show THE SHOWS WERE AMAZING.ELEGANT. overall I will most def.come back. warning: a little pricey but you get your moneys worth. MY ONLY COMPLAINT. is the main stage is bottle service only. I really wanted to tip the acrobats and get close to them :(
At first I though it was a night club or a bar, Eleven is just a table dance. Besides that they make you wait a long line to make you think their are busy. The only thing that you are going to see are old people and ugly girls dancing.
It is awesome! The food is great. I ordered some pizza and it was the best pizza I've had in Miami so far. I went on a Friday night. It was packed.  My friends and I loved it.  It isn't too pricey and the bottles arrived quickly. I recommend this club if you want to have a good time. Watch out Scarlett's!
This is an old partner of mine from Vegas. Congrats Gino! Once again you have created the ultimate nightlife environment and even figured out a way to keep it going during the day!:) Truly a must see if you are looking for excitement!:)
Great layout, good music, friendly staff and beautiful girls from all over the country! Don't forget about the exhilarating performing acts that take the stage every Thursday-Sunday... Two thumbs up!
My BF and I went to the Rooftop Bar. It was such a great place. We both liked it a lot. The atmosphere was just amazing. The decor was tasteful. Everything was pretty new. The place just opened like 6 months ago. My BF didn't like the fact that  they had rain covers on the lounging couches when the rain had stopped hours ago. Nevertheless, they removed them about two hours after we arrived. It might have been because he pointed out to the waitress that it looked uninviting. Speaking of waitress, ours was a pretty cool girl. She was very talkative and informative. We left her a good tip. One very cool thing about this place is that they had live music. I think live music always adds so much to a place. There is a really big screen in the back of the stage that illuminates the place in a nice way. I had such a great time here, I wish we can return again some day. They also had NETUNDOO Hookah in that night. I liked it, the hookahs were made from glass and had glowing sticks inside which made them look really cool, and they actually used real fruit to hold the flavor, ours was a pineapple. It looked really exotic and that was the reason we ordered it in the first place. I liked the Hookah but my BF wasn't a fan because most of the flavors contained MINT which he hates. As far as prices, its the typical Miami prices. One small plate with cheese and fruit was about $30, but if your in Miami, you either spend money, or you stay home. The menu choices were good. They didn't have a drink menu but they can pretty much whip up anything you want (Except a Pina Colada becuase they dont have a blender) I had 2 virgin Mojitos and they were very refreshing. But anyway E11EVEN Rooftop is a very nice place to go and I'd recommend it to anybody.
Amazing, Amazing, Amazing. Best Club I've been to in Miami. It's kind of like...Mini Vegas
This place is full of undercover police.They watching the costumers. if you drink inside this place don't try to drive. They have a pig inside and other with a dodge charge outside ready to fuck your day.
There was so much hype about this place so a friend and I decided to check it out on Valentine's night after the chaos outside STORY to see Calvin Harris. When you walk up, the way it's set up where they only let so many in at a time, you are going to think "Wow this place is packed!" Cover that night was $20 for the ladies, $30 for the fellas. If you aren't planning on spending money, don't even bother coming here. We both ordered kettle cran's and prices were around $14-16 each. There is no place to sit unless you plan on popping bottles, which start out at $350. The place is beautiful and very detail oriented but I'll have to say, E11EVEN definitely misrepresented itself. "It's exactly what you think it is".... Yeah, an upscale strip club. The acrobatics were pretty sick and mind blowing. I would go back for sure with a group of friends who haven't gone yet but I'm gonna have to say, Scarlett's is more fun. It has more of a club atmosphere, the girls are beautiful, it's always packed AND there are places to sit. If you haven't gone yet I'd check it out but not a place I would frequent that often, or as often as I would Scarlett's.
I travel often, and enjoy nothing more than a good place to unwind after a long day of business. I have been all over the country visiting different exotic dance clubs, because to me this is the easiest way to just relax by yourself and not have to worry about anything else besides a woman you will probably never see again and what your next drink is. Well if this experience you are looking for, this is not your place! After hearing much hype from my colleagues, I decided to try it out this past weekend. The mayhem  to get in was ridiculous. There really was no organization on how to get in and unless your trying to get a table with numerous bottles they pay you no mind. Mind you I have a Black Amex Corporate card, so money was not the issue, but I was alone so no need to get multiple bottles.  I get in get settled in, and the girls are very very pushy. I dont mind eager woman, but this was flat out agressive.  The quality of girls was ok, but finally one caught my eye. I go to a private room to unwind some more and well lets just say, my experience was AWFUL. From the outside the girl was a great catch, once we get in the room and get things going, she had some hygiene issues that I would not expect coming to a "5 Star" establishment. Im not going to get into details but something was wrong.  I not only was repulsed and ended my session short, they also charged my card like 4x over on the same exact charge. I have been with Amex all morning and thankfully they have appreciate my business unlike Club E11even.
