Great show!
Eek Eek, Eek.  Oh ew.  I went because one of my dearest friends was hosting a bach. party, she won Free tickets and she NEVER gets out so I promised her I'd join her.. WELL - Not what we expected at all... The white trash looking guy on the mic with the pony tail was GROSS and he was so full of himself! Are you Kidding me? Most of the guys can't even dance at all, I even saw one guy counting the steps! They claim they're the best male revue in the world, MeThinks Not! The short black guy was the only one who had some talent, the other black guy, I think his name was Josh with the long hair was repulsive! I guess I believed the hype and had high expectations for this show. I have been more entertained at a drag show. At this place, I felt like the dancers were doing corny coordinated moves like they were listening to C and C Music Factory in 1983. Some dancers looked very awkward on stage and others kept looking down at their feet and bodies as if they were insecure about how they looked instead of looking up at the audience! It's such a great concept, and has so much potential for a girls night out.. however the people working there ruin everything. From the doormen to the bouncer to the dancers to the servers to the bartenders - RUDE and arrogant is an understatement. The service was horrific... I must say that the lighting and the LED panel at Mansion were pretty cool, but overall the show if you wanna call it that was below average at best and they only had one cute guy!  Some women in there seemed to be loving it, though, but then again a lot of women are not that picky! in my opinion you see better looking guys hanging out at the beach...
Ok, I'll admit, I had never been to this kind of thing before. I wasn't sure what to expect and was totally a bit nervous! We got our tickets, the girls were kind enough to walk us to our seats, and shortly after the show started. I totally loved it! It was just the right mix of fun and sexy. The guys were totally charismatic and funny -  and made girls of all ages feel comfortable and welcome. It was tasteful with just the right mix of dirty. Make sure to check them out next time the come to Miami! .. You're sure to have a lot of laughs, a little blushing,  and leave feeling  just a bit sexier ;)
The show was fantastic!!! Not only are the men gorgeous, but they are great dancers.  The audience participation was the most fun!  A couple of my girlfriends got chosen to participate, and they will remember that night forever :-)  The show was very sexy but not vulgar, so we all had a great time without feeling offended by anything.  I would highly recommend it especially with a big group of friends.  It's a perfect Girls Night Out event without getting in trouble :-)
AWESOME SHOW ! Great energy & Good Looking guys ! Went with some girlfriends for a birthday through their group sales we all had a blast !!! Kudos to the organizers ! (:
The show was definitely fun! My suggestions would be have a runway format stage and less singing. Great idea for bridesmaids parties and girls night out.
Great show! its tasteful and fun. I recommend it for a birthday, bachelorette party or girls (or guys) night out :) Best part you get to stay at mansion after - that alone is worth the price of the ticket. Check out this show the next time its Miami - it is a MUST see.
