Cant get any better than this. I stopped by before work and let me tell you, best dogs I've ever tasted. Can also serve as a GREAT hangover killer ;) Much recommended!
I shall first start by commenting on their customer service: good peeps! I mean sure this random guy called me picky (even though I'm not!) but he did it in a "I've known you for years and gotten to know your eating habits" kinda way... Anyways, I ordered the Dolphin hot dog without the pork stuff (I don't eat anything that's pork) and it was really good! I also got to try the Oreo Shake and that's what brought me back (in the mood for dessert). Go give them a try! They give you a free candy with your wiener!
Best hot dogs in town! Amazing service. Definitely worth trying. It's a hole in the wall, but could get pretty packed. If you're hungry or craving hot dog don't go anywhere else.
Miami heat dog! Wow! Great service, really nice and friendly! I don't usually eat hot dogs but I will every time I'm in Miami! It was delicious! We had it twice! Wish I could have one right now!
Ohhh yeah baby! Try them all I say.... I had the Dolphin and up next the Marlin. I love how I can just go down the list, listing local sports teams.  Cant wait my next visit.
Amazing hotdogs! Found Sweet dogs here on Yelp when we planned our trip to Miami. Could a hotdog-place really be that good? And the answer is definitely yes! So when you expand and open up your next Sweet dogs restaurant I suggest you place it in Stockholm, Sweden. The 10 hour flight to Florida is a bit of a obstacle when our future sweet dog cravings strike.
Super friendly and super delicious. Awesome little hidden treasure. We tried the marlin, the sweet dog, they Mac, and some others. The Mac is quite an experience, highly recommended.
Each creation can be made with either a Nathan hot dog or Italian sausage and each creation named after a local sports team is uniquely tasteful and amazing! The mixture of the toppings goes so well with each other and piled up so it falls off the bun which is nicely toasted just right. Must try!
My hot dog was delicious.  I had the Miami Heat Dog which is essentially a chilli dog topped with George's secret guacamole, Fritos chips, and jalapeños. The 50's diner style milkshakes in a metal cup are great too. The greatest part of coming in to Sweet Dogs however,  has to be the service. The owner George and his employee Gio were very enjoyable to talk to. Immediately I felt as if I were conversing with old friends.
Great place!!!!
OHHHHHHH YEAAAA!!! Man food at its best! Came here on a Saturday for lunch, was my first time! The guy at the counter was very knowledgeable about the hotdogs and its contents, Hot dogs are named after Florida sports teams. The hot dogs are BIG!!! So come with an appetite! They are an explosion of flavors in your mouth! I highly Recommend the Dolphin! But you can't go wrong with any of the flavors. The place is some what small but thats ok. The guy, which I'm assuming is the owner, said theyre planning on expanding! And we jokingly but not really, disagreed! Its the expansion that kills the business because it takes away from the charm of it and they focus on getting bigger as opposed to providing good food and service!! GO, GO, GOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
wow wow wow. im pregnant and get grossed out easily these days. Ive been wanting to check out sweet dogs for a very long time and finally got the chance a couple weekends ago. but was worried it might be too much for this acid-refluxing momma. I was torn while reading the menu, everything sounded so good! i was between the mr chill and mr mac, so I made a deal with my cousin and we got both to share with an additional side of mac (who would've thought to put garlic croutons on mac!?! amazing!!!) the stand out dog which I never in a million years would've ordered myself and it ended up being my favorite was the marlin!!! holy moly it was out of this world!!!!! egg, guava, plantains, peppers. sounded like a medley of mess, but it was truly outstanding! the oreo shake was so delicious and creamy. I was left wanting more!! I was left wanting more.. seriously ive been day dreaming about hot dogs all week!! I will most definitely be back!
The food is varied, fresh and home made. They use Nathan's! The kitchen is open. The location is spotless. The service is friendly and helpful. My group tried five of the right styles, the fried and mac n cheese, and the milkshakes. All were superb. A great find!
So the reviews are true.... This place is legit. The meat in all the dogs is quality. The workers there are the best. The Miami heat dog was amazing! Mac and cheese has that old school taste!
People, there are 5 stars for a reason! This place is incredible!  We had the sausage with onions and peppers for starters.  OUTSTANDING!  My hubby is from NY and knows great sausage and peppers...he says he never ate one like this one.  I ordered the Dolphins hot dog: thick 1/4 lbs Nathan's hot dog covered with mozzarella,  bacon, ham and pineapple....sounds crazy but it's truly the best mix of flavors your mouth will ever taste! We also got a side of mac and cheese: Ridiculously good! It is homemade every day: cheese, garlicky,  with crunchy croutons on top, extra creamy and scrumptious!  My guy got the Miami Heat...not sure what was in it but he liked it.  By the way, I drank Guanabana juice with my hot dog! They also sell passion fruit, cantaloupe and watermelon juices; all 100% made there. Last but not least we had an Oreo Shake for dessert...amazing! Real soft serve, real Oreos...need we say more? Service? As friendly and attentive as all restaurants should be. George and Fluffy were our best friends by the time we finished eating. All in all, great service and super fresh food. Highly recommended!
Amazing Hot Dogs and friendly helpful staff.
I've been coming to this place for over a year, and it never disappoints. Victor, the owner, is still as nice as ever. The dogs are also still great - no question about it. I need to rave about a new item I tried: the Oreo cookie milkshake. OMG you need to try it right now. I swear they put crack in it. Words can't express how good it is. Just do it. Trust me. TRUST ME.
I called to verify their hours tonight. It was 9:40 and I was 5 min away. I asked."what time do you close tonight?" The guy replied "we're closing up right now by 10 o'clock we will be out of here!" He was very rude especially to me being that I've never visited here so I don't know how well the food is. His demeanor wasn't pleasant at all. BTW..the Web says they close at 10pm..maybe they should update that to 9:30pm! I called another hot dog place near there remember at like 9:43pm now and asked the same question and his reply was "sorry ma'am we closed at 9pm. On Friday and Saturday we close at 9pm and on Sundays we close at 8:30pm." Now that is great customer service over the phone. I haven't eaten at either place before but just based on PHONE customer service I will not spend a penny at Sweet Dogs.
Good sweet mother of all that is pure and delicious, this place is incredible.  The hot dogs (take your choice) are uniquely amazing.  I had the Florida Marlin, and it was both intimidating and inviting.  Sweet plantains, banana peppers, guava syrup...yes, it's Miami on a bun.  The Mac and Cheese is decadent, and a must-have. The service is genuinely pleasant, and attentive.   (P.S....go HUNGRY.)
Sweet Dogs makes better hotdogs! Not your typical hotdogs. I had the Dolphin in honor of Miami Dolphins made with pineapple, papapitas, mozzarella cheese. Creative, you'll taste the hotdog combined with all the flavors from the toppings making it just perfect. BIG hotdogs.. one and I definitely feel full. (They already have 5 Stars)
It's good, but I don't get it why it has so many 5 stars.
First off the staff is absolutely wonderful. The owner was super friendly and let us sample the Mac & cheese (home made) and the baked beans (also home made, both their own recipes!). He then explain each hot dog they offer and what was included on each one. I had "the Mac" which was a wonderful hot dog smothered in home made mac&cheese and topped with crunchy garlic croutons. It was very creamy and tasted great!   My sister had "the Dolphins" which was superb! Ham, bacon, pineapple, their home sauce, and papitas (potato sticks). It was sweet, it was crunchy, it was salty, and it was sour. There were so many flavors and it all blended together! The side of home made baked beans were delicious, made with a combination of beans And their signature sauce.  When we finished our hot dogs we got milk shakes which were out of this world! I had a coconut milkshake with vanilla ice cream which had real coconut shavings in it (not that fake coconut flavor). My sister had a piña colada shake that was also epic.  I highly recommend you stop in and eat here. They offer carry out or you an eat there, but there is not much seating. Next time I am in Miami I will be back here. They also offer sausages instead of hot dogs if you prefer. You won't be disappointed !!!
I read some of the reviews and saw the five star rating and decided to make the trip during lunch to check this place out. Lets just say at first impression I was like "OK, I can definitely dig this place with the hometown memorabilia all over the joint". So I asked the girl, What is the most popular setup that customer order and she suggested 3 different ones. I decided to try the Miami Dolphin dog because it was 1 of the 3 suggestions. I also order the mac & cheese that everyone was raving about in reviews. OK here's where I can't figure out why everyone is stating this place is so great. I'm not sure if it's due to the fact I'm not big on hot dogs or just i was expecting more due to the reviews. I was not impressed at all to say the least. The mac and cheese was just exactly what it is mac and cheese nothing stood out or was different besides some croutons they added to it. Then i tried the dog and I was disappointed again. Don't get me wrong it wasn't terrible but definitely not worth the drive. I would just go to Los Perros next time and get a similar tasting dog a lot closer. The other thing that I did NOT like is they provided a chocolate snack and it was already melted... I just don't get why all the positive reviews. I will go back one more time and that would be the last chance I will give them. Let me be clear and say the only reason why I would be going is to take my fiance that wants to try it for herself. I only gave them 3 stars because I'm a big hometown sports fan and they seem to appreciate and love them the same. The food was just OK.
Great little spot! I had been wanting to go for over a year and just hadn't gotten around to it. Hubs and I finally stopped by for a quick weekend lunch between errands and it was perfect! Very fast. Very yummy. (sorry no diets here) and the service was super...young guy behind the counter didn't catch his name but was very attentive. I created my own dog with guac, cheese and potato sticks and it was fantastic. My husband had a UM dog and loved it! Plus the little chocolates are such a cute touch. The place is a little limited on seating bc the kitchen takes up most of the place, but its the kind of food thats a quick turnover so I don't think its that big of a deal. Great concept of naming the hot dogs after all our home teams. Love that hometown pride!  Will definitely be returning :)
Good hotsogs. They are big and loaded. One was enough. I ordered Mr Chill hot dog and would have it again. They have good variety.  The place is small and there is a parking lot in front. exvellent friendly servive.
Sweet dog is as good as reviewed! We had to try it since it's so close to us. We saw all the great reviews and thought why not? We ordered a few variations and all of them were tasty and way over the top (the big chill was the best) but the hot dog alone was delicious enough for me! It's Nathan's but it was so tasty. Not sure what they do differently but whatever it is it's definitely makes a difference. I'm a purist so if I go there again I would order a plain and enjoy it more than all the other versions.
Drove way out of my way to visit this place because of its reviews on Yelp and I certainly wasn't disappointed. Not much room inside but well worth it. The service was outstanding and the owner Victor was as nice as could be. He had all kinds of recommendations and suggestions. I had the "FIU" dog but with an Italian sausage instead of a kosher frank. It has sauerkraut, sauteed onions, a fried egg, cream cheese, papitas, and jalapenos. It was phenomenal! The seasoned fries were great, and the coconut shake was fantastic. My girlfriend had the "Miami Heat" which was a kosher frank covered in guacamole, chili, fritos, jalapenos, and cheese. It was also fantastic. She had an Oreo shake and it was even better than the coconut. All the food was high quality, and it was a tremendous amount of food. The sausages  and dogs are huge! I would recommend this place to anyone in a heartbeat!
Nathan's Hot Dogs, Italian Sausage, Polish Sausage and Crack Pie! After having this place bookmarked for over a year we finally stopped in for lunch. Located in a small strip center with free parking as soon as you walk in you are warmly greeted with such pleasant people.  We were a bit lost looking over the menu as it was our first time here.  Then the lovely young lady started telling us all about the menu and our options, fried, grilled, boiled, with so many toppings to choose from. The cook held up the Italian sausage to show me and after seeing that piece of sausage I just had to try it.  My daughter chose a specialty hot dog, we also ordered a side of French fries and she got a vanilla shake.  Inside they have some seating at the counter tops with bar stools but we decided to dine outside where they have some patio tables.  The restaurant is very clean and the owner was there speaking with us about his menu and even gave us a sample of their crack pie. Ha ha too sweet for me but my daughter loved it so we took a slice home.  What a warm friendly guy.  He makes you feel so special and you can tell how much he cares about taking care of his guest. Fabulous owner who knows how to run a business. When our food was ready they brought it to us outside.  The shake was the best shake I have ever tasted. Creamy deliciousness!  My Italian sausage with peppers and onions was excellent and huge.  I ate half of it and took the rest home.  I took a bite of my daughter's hot dog and again it was delicious. I am not a huge fan of hot dogs but this hot dog was fantastic.  The fries were just as good. From the fresh buns, to the quality of the food what a delightful meal. Hands down a five star fast food concept with Superior Service and excellent quality food.  I look so forward to going back trying more menu options. This is a must try you will not regret it. Prices are reasonable.
5 stars well deserved ! Best hotdog I have ever had . I had the Miami Heat , made with real meat, home made chili , guacamole, and jalapeño it is like no other! The milkshakes are great to go perfectly well with the hot dog, my girlfriend and I had the Oreo milkshake. Service is awesome, the menu was completely explained to us and suggestions given according to our requests, can't beat that!
After reading all the reviews, I expected to be somewhat disappointed.  I was not.   If you like hotdogs, this place is incredible.  By far the best dogs I've ever had. Anywhere. Also, the service is surprisingly on point.  Super nice employees that are actually looking out for you.  The owner took my order, this dude is awesome.  He makes a serious effort in making sure everybody that walks in is happy. Just awesome.
Review based on takeout only. Small little mom and pop shop ay a tiny strip mall in the not so nice part of town. Prices are reasonable and portions are huge. The Italian is the best by far.  Everything is made fresh and each bite is mouth watering. Portion is huge for a small guy like me.
105 Reviews and 5 stars?!?  For a hot dog place???  This I have to taste for myself. Normally a plain Jane hot dog kinda girl, at first glance I was a little apprehensive about the hefty menu.  Fortunately my inner fat kid took over and went to town! Mac & Cheese, The Heat dog, The U dog & the Crack pie (fear not this was not all mine) was AWESOME!!!!  Like AWESOME!!!!  I thought I was going to be disgusted by the mountain of toppings but not the case!  It's not a man versus food serving, its actually really balanced.  You taste the bread, the hot dog, the chili, the onions.  Individual flavors complimenting each other.  Highly impressive. So yes, Sweet Dogs you get my 5 star rating!  And you deserve it!!
This place is great. Small place with bars tools and high too seating. Chill vibe Hotdogs are very different and unique The Mac and cheese dog is amazing. Topped with Mac and cheese , Parmesan cheese and croutons. The dolphin dog is delicious. With ham, bacon, mozzarella, pineapple, sauce and papitas. Also the hotdogs come with a little Chocolate bar which is a nice touch   The crack pie is delicious You can't go wrong with any of them.   Will definitely return often
The food is delish! Huge, flavorful portions and the mac and cheese is TO DIE FOR!!!!
Awesome operators, killer hot dogs and fresh, high quality ingredients. Fun toppings like Guava BBQ sauce, fried plantains and papitas. These hot dogs are too big to pick up and eat. You'll need a fork and knife.
How can a hot dog place leave a lasting impression in your heart?  When the place is Sweet Dogs then it can!  I had high expectations given the PERFECT 5 STAR RATING but I was honestly thinking that it would fall short.  How can it be perfect every single time and for hot dogs at the very least?  I had my pride and stomach handed to me within the first bite! The owner first got to me when he offered me a bite of the crack pie before I had even placed my order.  I was sold right then and there.  The crack pie must really have something illegal in it because I promptly paid for 2.   Hot dogs are great.  All the different combinations of toppings are nothing short of genius! I had the Marlin and I would have it again and again.  Fried egg on top of a hot dog? With banana peppers, guava bbq sauce and papitas?  All I can do is just sigh with contentment. The U hot dog has bacon on it...BACON!  That's an automatic win in my book. Macaroni and cheese topped with garlic croutons sounds simple but this side is kind of delicious. Oh! The seasoned fries are great too. I cannot wait to come back and eat the rest of the menu. Did I mention the crack pie?  Well, its awesome and you just have to get it to truly understand.
Soooooo this was amazing!!!!!! Never been so excited about a hot dog but this is no ordinary hotdog.... First of all I am greeted with excellent customer service when I walk in and the entire menu is explained to me I was even given a couple samples to help me decide. Finally I decided to have the Miami heat which was Wonderful!!!! My date had the Mac which was also very delicious. It's a small place with only enough seating for maybe 8 if you count outside but it was so inviting we still sat to eat. After we are done the gentleman behind the counter ask did we love it and Yes we did. He says I have one more thing you should try and he brings out a slice of pie they call Crack Pie.. Sweet but very good. I enjoyed this experience and will definitely be a regular at sweet dogs. Oh and also prices are so reasonable if I could fit it in I could of has two dogs and still stayed under 20 bucks. :)
I am by no means a hot dog person, but I might have to rethink this position after eating at sweet dogs. At first glance, this little hole in the wall looks like yet another subway rip off, but man was I wrong. The staff was very helpful, making sure my friends and I understood the Miami themed menu, and were more than happy to accommodate my picky topping preferences. The hot dogs themselves were grilled right in front of us and were a pretty good size. All of the toppings, from the picnic fries to the homemade chili, were fresh and delicious. HIGHLY recommend, just don't come in a rush, as crafting these beautiful works of culinary art takes at least 15 minutes.
Given the choice between burgers and dogs, I normally choose burgers. So why did I choose to go to Sweet Dogs? Well, aside from personal recommendations, the  almost 100% perfect reviews sealed the deal. And my husband loves him some dogs. Let me start with the one thing that can make or break a business. Aside from the food of course. Customer Service. Plain and simple. Let me tell you, Victor is the perfect example of what all business should strive to be.  Seriously, in Miami, you are lucky to get a sideways glance when walking into an establishment. So walking into Sweet a Dogs was like walking into the Twilight Zone. Victor greeted us immediately with a genuine smile to boot. He also described each and every menu option.  You can tell that he takes pride in his product and is passionate about it. I had the Dolphins and my hubby had the Marlins. Let me just say that this completely changed my view of hot dogs.  At least for me, this was a knife & fork hot dog. My husband, on the other hand, had no trouble inhaling it the way that it is supposed to be eaten. With your hands. We also shared a Mac & Cheese. Super creamy and delicious. And an order of fries. My fatty self indulged in an oreo milkshake. Let me say, that that milkshake was dee-licious! I was only able to finish 1/2 my dog because I was about to burst. Luckily, my trusty Hubs was able to polish the rest off for me. With the perfect combination of great food and even better service, Sweet Dogs will be very successful. And yes, my opinion of hot dogs has obviously been changed because I'm looking forward to our next visit. Until next time...
I left this place singing, " 'Cuz I'm happy....", not because it was playing inside but because I had a nice experience. This is the type of place that, If you're not already in a good mood, will put you in a good mood. This is the type of place that you leave and will tell your friends about if they don't already know about it. This is the type of place you go to on a completely empty stomach. Their hot dogs are gi-normous, at least for me they are,  cleverly named after South Florida sports teams (the U, Miami Heat, etc.)  and unique (one hot dog has sweet plantains, a fried egg and Guava sauce!). I greeted by Victor, who is as nice and attentive as nice and attentive can be, in a genuine way. Great customer service!  This casual place is located in a small strip mall going west on Calle Ocho. It seats about six people inside with a table for for outside. Prices are comparable to another hot dog place I know of that's located in the Biscayne Boulevard area. If you like reasonably priced good food with great service from a small independently owned business, then check out this place. Eat in or take your dog's to go. Oh, and try the Crack Pie they sell here. The secret ingredient in the pie that had me dancing at the cash register is sweetened condensed milk. .. 'cuz I'm happy... you'll be happy too. P.S. Minimum $10 purchase on a credit card. No American Express accepted.
The owner is SOOOOOO attentive and passionate!!!!! The Dolphins hot dog was mind blowing I will definitely come back!!!!!!!
Excellent, something that usually do not hear about a hot dog speciality restaurant. Sweet dog was amazing. We had the Miami Heat and the Miami Marlins, both were yummy.  The shakes are faboulous too, the Oreo milk shake was the best. Service is outstanding and super friendly.   Besides the great food this place is cheap for the quality of food that you are getting. We are from Broward and I will go out of my way when I am in the Miami area to eat here.
O...M....G..... The most amazing hot dogs I have ever tasted. You MUST go! Awesome service, awesome hotdogs... and my favorite-- the MAC N CHEESE.
a mom and pop shop in a sketchy neighborhood with own parking lot. The place fits about 8 people inside with counter seating and 4 on table outside.  Server was this really friendly enthusiastic dude and very attentive. the food is simple its all hotdogs and sausages lol yummy goodness. I am not going to lie, I love me my sausages. lol Polish sausage (4/5) delicious! it was a little too oily but yum! homemade Mac and cheese (4/5) really cheesy but melt in your mouth. still a little too cheesy for me. homemade BBQ beans (5/5) the best beans Ive had in Florida period! right amt of favor and bean ratio. homemade beef chili with cheese on fries (5/5) the fries were hot and crispy plus not oily at all. The homemade chili was delicous and on top of crispy fries with gooey cheese = yummy goodness oreo milkshake (5/5) the best milshake Ive had in a long time. its a must whether the oreo, strawberry, pineapple, or vanilla milkshake. you gots to have one.   overall (4.5/5)
I can honestly these are the best hot dogs. I am not a huge fan of hot dogs to begin with, but this place changed my mind. Walking in we were greeted with the breakdown of the hot dogs and sausages. I made up my mind to go with the mac n cheese and my boyfriend got the Miami dolphin. They were both excellent. The Miami dolphin seriously was so good with all the different flavors in there. I need to make a special trip to go back to Miami to have one of these. Honestly you can't beat the prices either. The only downside is that its very small, but once I started eating I didn't even care. Definitely worth a try!
In one word: YUM. This place has just plain hot dogs or really tricked out dogs. Had the dolphin dog and it was delicious. The restaurant itself is small but very clean, the staff is  friendly  and the quality of the food is outstanding. The only other place I know in south Miami is arbetters and sweet dogs puts it to shame. There is also Los perros but I feel it's dirty. This place has several dogs plus you can make your own and they have deep fried hot dogs.
Pros: One of the best hot dogs I've ever had. Definitely the best hot dogs in Miami. Love the Dolphin, seasoned fries, and strawberry milkshake. The boyfriend got the University and he enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed mine. Upon entering the establishment, we were greeted promptly and given a rundown of the history of the place along with a brief explanation of menu items.   Cons: This restaurant is located next to a tire store. They block off sections of the parking lot to display their wares and changed tires; making it really difficult to get in/out and park.
Such a great little unexpected gem on 8th street!!! I had heard about Sweet Dogs a couple of times, but hadn't tried it yet, and boy oh boy what I was missing!! These dogs are AH-mazing! from the flavor combinations, to the home made ingredients and exceptional service Sweet Dogs 5stars are very well deserved. We had The Heat and The Marlin, both super delicious. The chili on the Heat is so good, you should also order a side of it, with three different beans you can taste home made, so is the guac. The Marlin, yum! compared to the Heat, the Marlin is sweet, with the sweet plantains and guava BBQ sauce, but the contrast of the banana peppers makes it just perfect! Needless to say, both dogs completely different but equally delicious. The bread is also home made (like everything else) and holds the dog with all its toppings perfectly. Not only is the food amazing, it is very well priced and the service tops it off. Victor was so nice and attentive, building conversation, letting us try the mac&cheese and the crack pie for dessert! Yes crack pie and after trying it, I completely understood why it has that name! So whenever you are craving a dog (or even if you're not) head over to Sweet Dogs, you won't be dissapointed.
I truely see why Sweet Dogs has nothing but excellent reviews. The Dolphin Hotdogs were the best, the bun, mozzarella cheese, pineapple, yummmm! I ordered a watermelon juice made in house, it was perfect! We also ordered a crack pie, which a totally sweet customer so kindly recommended. It as well, was delicious!!! However! I must say what made the experience the most enjoyable was the service, the guys were so nice, friendly and helpful. We will definitely be going back to try the other 305 dogs.
Came here with my boyfriend and when we walked in we were greeted by the owner. He was very nice to talk to and took his time explaining the whole menu. I had the Sweet Dog and my boyfriend had the Dolphin and seasoned fries. The owner explained to us that his ingredients are all home made and fries are made fresh to order. The hot dogs were delicious and unique and were very filling! I would recommend this place to anyone looking for delicious quick bite to eat. The service was excellent and the owner was very down to earth.
Seeing all of the amazing reviews made me want to check the place out. Looking at the menu , it was hard to choose because the options are endless. I went with the Miami dolphin dog because i love the dolphins and i love the idea of sweet and salty on any food. I have had pineapple on hot dog before because it is like a Colombian hot dog so this was nothing new yet it was amazing. The prices are great and you will get stuffed for cheap, the only thing was the seasoned fries were under par compared to the hot dog. Will be back to try other dogs and maybe fit a shake in if it would fit.
If this place were a little closer to my job, I'm pretty sure I'd gain at least ten pounds eating here daily. Since it's a bit more of a trek I've only been able to make it out a couple times, but what a great experience it has been. Let's start with the food. Simple enough, a few different types of hot dog options with all the traditional toppings plus a few extras (homemade mac & cheese dog anyone?). Everything is made fresh and it shows. I'm partial to the italian sausage which is out of this world good. I did try the aforementioned mac & cheese as a side and it was also very tasty and an interesting take on mac & cheese (topped with parmesan and garlic croutons). This enormous sausage and side of mac cost me less than $10, and I could barely finish it. The other side of it is the customer service. The person I spoke to must have been Victor, because I received the same warm (and detailed) welcome that everyone else details below. He probably spent a full five minutes with me running through the whole menu, asking how I'd come across his business, and explaining how they want all their customers to be 100% satisfied when they eat at Sweet Dogs. He's lovely and even if the food wasn't as spectacular as it is (although don't worry - it really is), I'd keep coming back because that's the kind of thing you don't find elsewhere in Miami and he's someone I hope stays in business a very long time. Tip: They have a $10 minimum on cards (or a $1 surcharge if you're under the minimum). Since the food is so cheap, you're better off paying in cash to avoid getting hit with the surcharge. At $1 It's not much, but I'd personally rather add it to my tip than my tab.
This place is legit. The food is absolutely delicious and incredibly affordable considering its Miami. Grab plenty of napkins because things are going to get messy and also beware that the seating situation is not ideal if you are going with small kids or a group. In review, be ready to stand, make a mess, and be blown away by the dogs.
The dogs: Fantastic. I opted for the Dolphin since it has bacon, pineapple and their own sauce which is similar to my favorite dog at Dogma. They use 1/4 dogs exclusively so one is enough. They'll even deep fry it for you ( Hey, why not? You're obviously not here for health food)  although grilled is the standard. Everything is made fresh to order. Even the bacon for the the dog and the dogs themselves. All of the toppings are top notch in quality. The establishment: Ideally located for those in the mid Calle Ocho area and the Gables business district. It's very small with only 5 or so seats at a counter but it seemed to be sufficient for the lunch time rush. The service: They're very aware they have a reputation to uphold with all of their fantastic yelp reviews. The gentleman is very friendly and runs his grill in a strict fashion. They have the order of things down pact. The problem, and hence the three stars, is that it's just not fast enough. Everything is made to order there are no dogs on the grill ready to go to slap in a bun with some toppings and send you on your merry (and very hungry at this point) way. There are only two people working the shop. The aforementioned gentleman taking and expediting the orders and a lady working the grill and ringing up customers. If you don't speak Spanish she gets a little flustered and turns back to the gentleman and screams "que le cobro este". No biggie. It is 8th st after all but might be a turn off for some.   My personal experience started with ordering on Eat 24. I placed my order online but they have to wait for eat 24 to call them with the order. Eat 24 called them 20 minutes after I placed the order. I know this because I witnessed him taking the order while I had been waiting in line for 15 minutes with only 1 person in front of me. Eat 24 delay is not their fault so I can't hold it against them. Just a heads up for my peeps on eat 24. When they got my order it took a solid 20 minutes for them to fill it. That's just way too long for the four dogs I ordered for my co-workers and myself. Skip eat24 and call it in yourself. Conclusion/ TL;DR: Excellent, hearty, generously-topped dogs made fresh to order but only go if you're willing to wait 20 minutes for it.
In town visiting from Texas and wanted to get some lunch so yelped places near by. Hot dog shop with such amazing reviews...my expectations were very high. This place absolutely didn't disappoint. The Mac and cheese dog was the best hot dog I've ever had. The Miami heat was pretty good too! Gio was very friendly and helpful with the menu. Definitely recommend this place! You won't regret it!
By far the best place for Hot dogs in Miami!! This place caters to the customer, from the menu selections to the friendly owner Vic!! i called ahead before I came hear to test the seriousness of this Hot dog place and asked if they made Rippers. Vic quickly replied yes asked for my name so he could cater to me when I came in. This place is Legit!! All of the hot dogs are great but i would try a ripper if you havent had one.The  Mac and cheese is to die for and be sure to finish up with the Crack Pie, its sounds crazy just ask for it, they will know.
Props to a hot dog joint that embraces the home teams! Having the marlins dog that includes fried egg, sweet plantains and even guava BBQ con papitas! Oye broder, no te lo pierda.
I've been here twice. I took a while to review because, well, the owner is really nice, and I didn't really like the food at all, so I felt bad to write that.   I've just watched the reviews pile up for this place and my experience is so different, that I finally decided to write. Both times I went, it took a long time to prepare the food. I got the dogs on the grill, and maybe I needed to have asked for them to be sliced open, because they weren't sliced open.  It was just a huge, tough meat pop that was piled high with stuff.  It was a mess on top of a big old hot dog.   I don't know.  I love fair food--messy sausage sandwiches with peppers and onions and cheese sauce.   This was beyond messy for me, into the realm of sloppy and excessive. The chili/beans were OK, and the mac and cheese was very tasty but very wet/saucy. After the second try, that was enough.
Sweet dogs, sweet Jesus that's a good dog. As a matter fact that's a great dog. I had such religious experience in Miami in years. I'm so happy that the dogs are coming back to Miami. What a great little place and what a great staff. As a kid I  loved to put barbecue baked beans on my hotdog. And when I went in the sweet dogs there was the barbecue baked bean hotdog I knew that I hit the mainstay. Initially I was just going to order two dogs eat up and catch my plane, however, I know however, that I had to order three now. Sweet dogs follows the sports teams that inhibit Miami, the Heat, the Dolphins, Marlins, the Panthers. And of course the U. Since the Dolphins make me want to shoot myself I changed tactics and went for the Heat and the Marlins. Of course I also ordered the ubiquitous Mr. Bean. Clearly as I said in the beginning oh my god those are great hot dogs, and they were, they were great hotdogs I was able to devour all three although I might regret it later. Hopefully the plane ride won't be turbulent. The Miami has a fried egg on top and it's perfect for The only the top that fried egg was a sweet Plaintain's that were with the hotdog. And the coup de grace was the guava sauce and the LaChoy noodles. I kind of would love to have the shoestring potato chips but my La Choy noodles rounded it out. I love me a chili dog, but a chili dog with sauerkraut man that's even better, way way better. Down went dog number two. I couldn't stop there but I had to eat that Mr. being dog. And, Mr. Bean was a good dog. It reminded me when I was a kid and used to put Heinz baked beans on top of my hot dog I was back to being 12 again. Thanks Sweet Dog, you made Miami a nicer place to come back and eat again.
The Mac & Cheese is great.  Great snack.  The Manager Gio is great.  All fresh ingredients. They use Nathans' hotdogs.  They also have Italian & Polish hotdogs.  The attached photo is Gio w the Polish dog.They are enthusiastic about dogs here and informative....  I tasted the chilli and barbecue beans, and they are also winners. They use real strawberries in the milkshakes.  I will back soon!
I was a bit skeptical,  but this place totally deserves the rating it has.  The owner,  Victor, is creating some delicious dogs.  I'm a bit of a traditionalist,  but now must rethink that.  The Mac & Cheese dog was AMAZING! I also tried the Heat dog...very good. I loved the fresh guacamole on it.   I'm only in town for a few days,  but I will be back here before I leave and any time I come back.
Best hot dog I ever had! The combinations of the toppings all compliment each other perfectly. The owner is super nice and accommodating. I called from the airport to see if they were still opened and the owner made sure that we got our hot dogs even though it was closing time. The owner even dropped us back off at our hotel after our meal!
My oh my are these hot dogs sweet!!! Yeah...another hot burger joint in miami right? WRONG...oh how wrong you are my good people of Yelp! Such humble and great people occupy this location. Welcomed with a friendly smile and prompt service each and everytime i visit this place. They have a great menu or you can build your own dog. Sooo many possibilties!!! ohhhh the possibilities... add a side of fries to the dog and BAm!!!!
The owner was fully engaged with his customers. Trying to build a good conversation and interested our the service being offered. The food was well prepared,  fast and delicious.  I felt like I was in a family environment.  I can't wait to go back and continue to try more items on the menu. Although they are open to your own creations. Best hot dogs place in Miami in my opinion. Thank you Victor and Jorge. Went twice on the same day.
this place lives up to the hype! The owner and his wife are both very nice and I love supporting small businesses with such passionate owners. All hotdogs are kosher and a quarter pound! The buns are also delicious. I had the mac and cheese dog w/ the mac and cheese on the side and both were delicious. My boyfriend had the Dolphin and the Heat and while he liked both, the Dolphin was his favorite. It is a small hole in the wall type place on Calle ocho but it is spotless clean, well priced,  and the food is great which is really all I care about. They have a small counter with seats for about 5 and a table outside. Everything is made fresh to order, we also had fries and they were perfectly crispy. I would recommend this place and will certainly be back soon!
I had a very good dog here.  Not quite sure I am as enthusiastic as all the yelpers go Cinco on this place.   The owner was super kind and clearly cared about his food. The mac n chz is pretty good... maybe just a bit watery for me. The fries are thin, and the dogs toppings are unique and intense.  If there dogs were actually homemade or something other than a prebought frankfurter I think I would be a bit more cinco like the rest of u.
I had always seen the reviews on yelp and I had been very curious to try the place. I finally had a chance to check it out. for the first time the other day. From first appearances my expectations of the place were low. The place is located in a run down strip mall. Upon entering the restaurant I was surprised to find a clean looking kitchen and a friendly staff. The staff was helpful with the menu of unique hot dog selections. I order the Mac and Cheese hot dog. The hot dog is smothered in a runny creamy mac and cheese with croutons sprinkled across the top.The flavor was delicious but it was very rich. I would say that I would prefer if the sauce for the mac and cheese was tighter and less runny but nonetheless delicious. I would definitely recommend this place but only if you aren't counting calories.
If you haven't been to Sweet Dogs yet, you should drop what you're doing right now and go. You're working? Ask for vacation time. You're out of town? Come back. You're in the hospital? Get a wheelchair and roll over there. The food is amazing. It starts with the owner. He is a great guy. Very down to earth and from the moment you speak with him you know that he takes pride in his food. The hot dogs are excellent quality Nathans brand big dogs. You can get them skillet friend or deep fried, I've gone with deep fried every time and have never been disappointed. The toppings are excellent quality. The toppings that require preparation like the guacamole, chili and mad & cheese are made in-house and they are awesome. The variety is also impressive. You can order one of the owners original creations or make your very own from scratch.  No matter what you order, you're going to be satisfied. Don't skip dessert either. You might be thinking that it's just a hot dog place, what can they possibly have for dessert but some generic desserts just to say they offer dessert. WRONG!! Crack pie ftw!! If you don't know what it is, then you are missing out big time. It's almost worth going over there just for that alone. All in all, as you can probably tell by now, this is one of my new favorite spots to fill my belly with some good eats. Very highly recommended.
Wow this place is soooo good! So many different styles and meats. Prices are excellent. Strip mall parking. I ordered my dog along with cheese french fries and it was great. Both owners were there and explained the menu items for me. I'll be back
Maybe it was because we got take out or maybe it was because I had HIGH expectations based on yelp's rating. I LOVE hotdogs and had been anxious to try them out since I learned they delivered to my house. I knew the place was tiny so we had no chance of eating there with our two little ones. My hubby and I both got the Mr. Chill - basically a chilli dog, both types of fries and the Mac and cheese. Dogs were good, fries were okay and Mac & cheese was fine. Nothing knocked my socks off as I hoped it would. Willing to give them another try on a day I can eat there and will hope to update my review then.
Still the best dog in town by far.  I think we need to get these guys on travel channel and the food network as I'm sure their dogs can go to bat against any of the famous big boys.  With their Nathan beef got dogs they don't skimp on quality. Add the sauces and assortment of flavored and you got the Lebron of hot dogs right here in the heart of Miami!!
I went with my son today and the food was great. The owners were both there and explained all the food they provide. They even gave me samples to try. My son is a 7 year old and he ate a macaroni hotdog. He ate it all. If you want a quick bite cone eat here.
Drove here Sunday at about 1:15. I had been craving a hot dog all morning and was excited about this place after all the positive buzz. Their Web site clearly indicates that they open at 11 on Sunday, but when my wife and I arrived it was closed. Having the wrong hours posted or arbitrarily deciding to be closed during posted business hours is annoying and disrespectful to customers. While the hot dogs might be good, I don't think I'll be going back.
I just want to say the strawberry shakes are awesome And what can I say about the dogs are delicious I'm officailly hooked hmmm yummy but most important the service is absolute the best
Just when I thought it was safe to stick to a low glycemic, lean animal protein diet in came the hankering for a hotdog. I blame it on the blood work earlier that day and frustration of weaving through calle ocho traffic cursing old Latin minivan drivers and their future offspring that carry the torch of garbage drivers...so my hotdoggery was justified. HAVE YOU TRIED "THE MAC"? Definitely more memorable than Craig Mack? Not only is their chilli worth writing home about (yelp es mi casa) but the Mac and Cheese lays the flava in ya ear. Add garlic croutons, Parmesan cheese and their sexy Nathan's hotdog and you've got an undisputed winner. I blame Victor for getting me hooked on the Crack Pie though... Whatever is in that globby, sweet, disaster is what good dreams turned nightmares are made of...kinda like peeling a scab and loving the pain. You can't stop.
Absolutely wonderful! GREAT food and wonderful, friendly service. We had the Miami Heat, Miami Vice, plain dogs with mozz cheese and seasoned fries, Mac n cheese and milkshakes. The restaurant was also very clean. Friendly local patrons here also. We ate here on the way to a Marlins game - which is about 5 miles away. Highly suggest you eat here!
FIVE STAR average, with 125 (well, now 126) reviews?! How can it possibly live up to the hype? Somehow, it does. There's a good reason why this many people agree... the food is great, of course, but what really puts it on another level is the excellent service you get here. I first visited Sweet Dogs back when they only had a few reviews. I wish I'd reviewed it back then, so I could look more like a pioneer rather than a bandwagoner ;) But I digress. On my first visit, I was warmly greeted by Victor (the owner), who was quite possibly the friendliest person I've ever encountered serving food in Miami-Dade county. He was SO nice, and obviously proud of his establishment. While I love the fact that the menu items are named after local teams (especially my beloved alma mater, UM), I'm also extraordinarily picky, so I kept it simple and ordered a plain ol' hot dog. Sweet Dogs uses Nathan's hot dogs, and you even get a choice in how it's prepared: grilled or deep fried (I chose grilled). For my side, I opted for their mac and cheese, which comes topped with breadcrumbs (Victor even offered me a sample first). The mac and cheese is deliciously creamy and cheesy - they don't skimp on ingredients, that's for sure. And I love the little piece of candy included at the end... as Victor said, it's to end the meal on a "sweet note." Another time, I opted for a hot dog and a slice of "crack" pie in lieu of the mac and cheese. I'm a big fan of Fireman Derek, so I was happy to see that you could buy some of his treats here. And that crack pie is aptly named... it is so freaking good. It's a yummy concoction that consists of oatmeal and caramel... but I promise, that just doesn't do it justice. The only slightly frustrating thing about this place is the parking lot. One time I tried to come here, only to circle the building (and back roads... boy, do I dislike SW 8th Street) several times before giving up and leaving. But if you're anywhere near the area, do yourself a favor and visit Sweet Dogs... if anything, just to get proof that above-and-beyond customer service does, in fact, exist in Miami.
I fly into Miami and punch up Yelp. The best restaurant within a 5 mile radius is... a hot dog joint? I had to check this out. Sweet Dogs is *tiny.*  There are maybe four stools inside and a little seating outside. After much deliberation, I chose the Dolphin dog - grilled ham, smoked bacon, melted mozzarella cheese, pineapple, "home sauce" (whatever that is) and papitas. Totally delicious.  The cheese gets melted right there on the grill while you wait, so it's a golden blanket atop your dog. My only sadness is that the mozzarella blanket acts as an impenetrable barrier for all the other toppings.  Couldn't the other toppings go in the bun *before the mozzarella?  Or figure out a way to wrap the dog in the cheese?  That would make my head explode. * Note: There's a $1 charge if you try to use your credit card for less than a certain amount.  ($15, I think?)
I'm not a huge fan of hotdogs. Unfortunately a NYC street hotdog gone wrong ruined them for me years ago BUT Sweet Dogs is so much more than hotdogs. For one, they have sausages. HUGE sausages that sufficed for two full meals. Second, they have sides good enough to be a meal itself. I'm talking creamy mac n' cheese and flavor-packed chili. On top of that, they're staying local by serving up Fireman Derek's pies and cheesecake for dessert. It's perfect. It may be complicated to park but once you do, you'll find the nicest people working and it's easy to take to go or eat at their counter. Of course, if you are a hotdog fan, you won't be disappointed. This place breaks the Miami mold of hotdog places being Colombian and instead, you'll find All-American classics with unique twists.
Eating a hot dogs with maduros is a revelation. I don't ever want to eat a hot dog without maduros. Fact. Thank you Sweet Dogs for showing me the way. Everyone at the establishment is extremely nice and you can tell they genuinely care about the food they are serving. Thanks!
With all the great reviews this place has I had to go and taste it myself!!! Does Yelp lie? NO it doesn't! What an easy way to win 5 starts.... My experience was outstanding! this little hole in the wall was a total surprise for me, the minute I first walked in there we where greeted  and helped out right away, the person that was helping us, that turned out to be the owner, Victor, went out of his way to make us fell like home and went through and dissected the menu with us so we could order the right hot dog of our desire... This sports themed place is very cool decorated, impeccably clean, one of the cleanest places I've seen, that kitchen is spick and span, its a pleasure to know you are being prepared food that its been rightly taken care off, they have everything organized so you can find whatever you need to eat your hot dog, the menu has a good variety of unique franks, all named with our favorite Florida Sports teams with a creative variety of toppings that will blend into a great hot dog! I ordered the Mac and Cheese hot dog which was the bomb! and my husband had the Mr. Chill hot dog with the Italian sausage and he loved it, the hot dogs where outrageous I could not finish mine completely  // they also give you a complementary mini chocolate bar as a treat I found that to be very sweet of them... It took only one day and im already a big fan! keep up the good work/hard work really pays off and this is the result of it!
Loved it!!! The owner is a super nice!! She Made us feel really welcomed :) the place is really clean and they have old school pictures up of the orange bowl and Flagler st. :))  the menu is simple and fast love it! The dolphins dog was amazing!!! And the Mac & cheese is fireee homemade it has croutons on top!! The dogs come with a piece of chocolate super cute ;P Deff have to go try the sausage dogs =)   Will be back soon**
Can I just say...best customer service ever!!! I wish I would have asked the girls name that attended us, but it slipped my mind with the fun menu. She actually took the time to explain the menu and have the cook show us what the sizes of the dogs were. They name their dogs after Miami teams. I had the Dolphin with a side of fries and it was super yummy! I highly recommend this fun little spot. I will be going back!
Delicious. I feel bad for all my internal organs, but I'll do it again for sure. I ordered the Heat as is.
Just had the Mac and a Dolphin. To compliment this wonderful masterpiece of a meal, a Crack pie. One word Amazing! Thanks Jorge.
This is a true gem. The place is trendy and very clean. The menu is simple and gives you a little for any taste. The mac n cheese is amazing. Never had better. Over I think you would enjoy this place anytime day or night.
The most friendly place I have ever been. The service was amazing and the food was absolutely delicious. So much so, in fact, that it prompted me to leave my first review. If you are to visit the Miami area I highly recommend this place!
My boyfriend and I were looking for some good eats on our way from the airport.. for sure the Yelp reviews do not lie! I'm from NY so I prefer my dirty water dogs simply with just ketchup & mustard, so I have to admit I had my reservations coming in here.. but HELLO.. THE MARLIN! Perfection in every bite, flavor and texture were out of this world. I don't really remember but I think they fry their hot dogs here which really gives a crisp snap to the casing. nom nom. Come to New York, please!!
If you are anywhere within a 20 mile radius of this place and you are not visiting this place when you are hungry, then you are missing out. Grab one of their "Sports Team's" themed hot dogs and you will not be disappointed. Seating here, needs some major additional investing as there is a small bar where 4 folks can squeeze in, and an outdoor round table on the sidewalk. So get here, and get here quick if you want to sit & eat! The Mac & Cheese is outstanding, and the home made chili utilizes a baked bean sweetness with the addition of black beans and cheese. Something different for those of you who are used to beef chili on your hot dogs. $6.50 for one of their featured dogs, and about a $1.25 for something to drink.
Still good! You might drive right by it and parking can be tough but pull into this place and you'll leave happy. Order your 1/4 pound dog and get ready for a mountain of toppings. You could build your own but you'll never come close to the perfection of the topping combinations on the house created specialty dogs. I tried but the guy said "you want the Marlin" and I took his advice. I'm probably forgetting some of the toppings but this monster dog had a fried egg, fried sweet plaintains, guava BBQ sauce and potato sticks. One dog is enough (they only offer a 1/4 pound dog) but as a hot dog lover I kinda wish I had the option of ordering 2 or 3 different dogs in the smaller size. And even though it's clearly a "Miami place", I wish they made a Chicago dog...even if they called it something else.
This is definitely my new favorite spot. Came here for dinner and ordered the Dolphin hot dog (grilled ham, smoked bacon, pineapples, melted cheese and papitas), the mac n cheese and the Fireman Derek's crack pie. All were absolutely amazing, and despite the fact that I was full, I just COULN'T STOP EATING. All dogs come with a little candy, too. Which I happened to think was a nice touch. Oh, and my friend got the Miami Heat hot dog (jalapenos, guac, chili, cheddar cheese, corn chips) and it was just as mind-blowing. Literally (LITERALLY) the best hot dog/s I've ever had. Yes, even better than the ones from Chicago (sorrynotsorry). The owner is an absolute sweetheart and let us try the crack pie and chili before placing our orders. Very personable and committed to making it a pleasant experience. It's a very small space, but we came here right after work, so we were able to sit and eat comfortably for the whole time that we were there. It's located in a a tiny shopping strip, so definitely look out for it (although the guy outside in the hot dog costume makes it a bit easier). Due to its location, the parking might be an issue during busier times, but hey, at least it's free. Can't wait to go back. I'll be dreaming of the food until then.
This is a small hole in the wall that is earning the reputstion of a great hot dog joint! They are creative and have good combinations! The staff is friendly and aiming to please. Great experience I will be back!
The hot dogs were great! The hot dog that I ordered was called "Miami Heat", which had jalapeños, cheddar cheese, Fritos and fresh home-made guacamole. The service is impeccable. It's a family business run by very nice people. All the hot dogs are good here and you especially have to try Mac and cheese. The owner was so nice he gave us a sample to try. Not your ordinary Chicago or New York hot dogs.
I really want to write an amazing and glorious review but I'm too busy drooling on my phone from my visit to this place. Everything was amazing. Also? CRACK PIE. ahhhhh :)
Yes this is a hot dog joint and yes this deserves every five star rating it gets. Don't just dismiss this place when you see hot dogs. When in Miami visiting, this place is a must and totally worth it. I was down in Miami a couple months back for business and I was looking for local flare in the area to try. Yelp directed me here; a Cuban hot dog joint; 5 stars? Kind of left me confused but I figured I would give it a shot. Arrived around 1130 AM and I was the only one in the restaurant. The owner was very nice and showed me the ropes so to speak on how things worked and what everything consisted of. I ordered the Marlin dog and it had to be the best hot dog I've ever tasted. Loaded with fried plantains, hot pepper rings, potato sticks, bacon, onions and barbeque sauce. Sounds crazy but it was absolutely phenomenal and the hot dog itself, was hot, juicy and snapped when you took a bite. The staff was very appreciative of my business and needless to say I wish I had more time down there to try out some other items. If you're anywhere within a 100 mile radius of this place; hell even if you hate hot dogs; give this place a try. You won't regret it.
Sweet dogs? Why not Sweet Dawgz? The evolution of the hot dog has reached its pinnacle. What originated as convenient food on the go, competing street vendors, hot dog versus pizza, has now become a real meal. Well, to a majority of New Yorkers or Chicagoans, it is lunch probably more than once a week. Here in Miami, not so much, unless you visit the courthouse chronically like a repeat offender. Coming out to Sweet Dogs was a challenge to me. After all, if you've had one hot dog, you pretty much have had them all. My contenders may say, it is not about the hot dog, but the toppings, to what I may reply "do you want your coffee with sugar or not? Cream?" Coffee is coffee. Also, hot dogs' firm rooting in American blue collar lore made me feel that I may enjoy the same delicacy in any street car, in any part of town, anytime I wanted. But how far from the truth that is. Before setting foot on Sweet Dogs, I had read the menu online. The multitude of toppings on the dogs was like opening your eyes under muddy water. Trying to imagine what a hot dog may taste like is very difficult, and probably a challenge not worthy of your time. But what the brain can't decipher, your taste buds will decode. And that is precisely what makes Sweet Dogs one of a kind. If you already went crazy for sushi, cupcakes, burgers, Eating House, and recently going crazy for donuts, well, let me introduce you to hot dogs. First of all, these hot dogs are a meal. And messy. But they are pure genius. I have tried several already, and trust me, they are all good. Looking at the menu is daunting, and ordering will be like jumping in the dark, but you will be rewarded. To get the full experience, you need to order one of the team dogs, otherwise you just wasted a perfectly good hot dog like if you wasted a perfectly good beer. The closest hint I can give you is the following: The Sweet dog and the Panther are Asian style, the Heat and the U are Mexican style, the Marlin is Cuban style and the Dolphin is Sweet Italian style. My favorite dog is the Dolphin and, unlike the Dolphins my generation grew up with, this Dolphin gets a ring. The melted cheese over the pineapple is delicious. Add to that the smoked bacon and the grilled ham, which complement the hot dog majestically and anonymously. Plus, the house sauce jells all the ingredients together. And if that is not enough, string potatoes top it all. Magic. Added bonus: you can have your hot dogs grilled for a caramelized surface, or deep fried, for texture and flavor. I prefer mine deep fried, having my latest one fried till it ripped, imitating the famous New Jersey dogs. In honest excitement, all I got to say is you can only find it at Sweet Dogs. Sweet dogs also sells a mean milk shake, corn dogs, French fries, baked beans, sausages, mac and cheese, etc. Like that line from that movie, "you my dog ..."
Ok so this place definitely lives up to all the hype. The owner is super nice and helpful. My husband and I both had the Miami heat dog with the dog fried, WOW absolutely delicious! The Mac and cheese has the ooey gooey cheese that makes it amazing. Definitely recommend this place, if your not into hotdogs this place will make you change your mind. They use Nathan dogs which makes it all the better! Stop by and visit, this place is gonna be our go-to for diet cheat days!
Amazing! It's a tiny joint in a sort of sketchy area, but the food is delicious and the service is incredibly friendly and helpful. We got the Heat, the Dolphins, the macaroni and an Oreo milkshake, and all of it was ridiculously good. I will be coming back here for sure!
Just tried for the first time - why did I wait so long?  It's great.
Omg so good! Best dog I ever had! Forgot to take a pic but it's well worth it! Not a lot of seating!
So good. This is a have to visit place when in Miami.  So friendly so helpful and so delicious
My husband kept talking about this place, so I FINALLY agreed to go this past Saturday. I'm so glad he introduced me to this sweet little spot! As we first walked in, Victor (the owner) welcomed us in and Im already in love with this place. I wasnt sure what to order, as everything on the menu looked amazing. I decide to gow ith a UM Dog. Abs-freaking-lutely delicious! Im not a big fan of hot dogs, but this dog left me wishing I had space for a second one. I cannot wait to go back and try other dogs, perhaps my alma mater FIU! Thank you Victor and Maria for such a lovely afternoon and an even lovelier dinner. We will be visiting again soon.
Went here back in Dec and boy is it amazing. Victor is super nice. We ordered three dogs for the 2 of us and one for my son since our were a little excentric... we had to share all of them. My son loved them too. I'm glad I don't live in Miami because I'd be in here every week!!!
Move out of the way! Sweet Dogs are here to stay. I was craving some mac and cheese, and I saw that this place was near my office. Pros- there is parking, its small but there was spots available at lunch time. service was excellent, I got to try the mac and cheeses before ordering the actually side they were open to changing my order to my liking and they have a tv cons- they accept credit cards but charge 1 dollar if you dont reach minimum :( and no delivery. food- had the mac n cheese, YUMM very cheese and not too filling, the dolphin (really big, couldn't even finish it) and the vanilla milkshake the prices are reasonable and its nice to have something different for lunch.
My family lovedd this place! Really great hot dogs and the guys working their are super nice. We got a good sampling of all the dogs and we were all very satisfied. You must go if you are in the area!
I don't know how often I run into amazing meals that seem mediocre because of horrible service - but for Miami it is more often than you would think. Well, hello there Sweet Dogs! In a super unassuming shopping center right off Calle Ocho I probably would of never looked twice, but I met Yelp Miami's Big Dawg Johnny T for one of my last meals before my wedding. Do I take Sweet Dogs for better or worse? I DO... (especially since there is no "for worse" here) After about 28 minutes of salivating of the menu options - THEY ALL LOOK SO GOOD! - and getting some samples of beans and Mac 'N' Cheese...(this is where the A+ customer service starts) I decided on the Dolphin. Oh yea, the options are named after SoFla sports teams! The Dolphin was a take on a traditional Colombian hot dog. A little pineapple sauce, home sauce, a delicious slab of melted mozerella cheese, papitas and some ham and bacon for good measure. Delicious. The hot dog itself was huge and tasty but the stars of this show are all those delicious toppings. Added some chilli cheese fries to the order. They were great! I should of gotten a serving of the Mac 'N' Cheese though, I stayed craving it after the sample. The entire time the owner Victor chatted us up. Told us how he came up with the concept and the pure excitement about his business but more about dogs in general really showed. He really took the time to get to know us, and made us want to get to know him. I look forward to another go around - and possibly eventually trying all the "teams". Oh and the kicker - he throws a bite size candy/chocolate with every meal. I thought that was a nice, simple, unique touch that most customers will love.
Ok being a native of Chicago, I'm not easily impressed with any hotdog. I decided to try this place because of the positive reviews I read. From the start I can say that the customer service is unmatched. Victor took the time to explain the menu and let us sample a few items. On to the dog, I had "The Mac" which was tasty and messy. I couldn't open my mouth wide enough to fit the garlic croutons but it wasn't bad. She had "The Marlin" which was also big and messy, but the plantain and the egg are a delicious combo, the guava BBQ sauce taste like BBQ sauce. We ordered two orders of fries, seasoned and regular ( which usually are included with the dog at most places) We had two drinks and took home two slices of cheesecake. They were out of the "Crack". Grand total....almost 30 bucks, not typical of hotdog lovers to spend 30 bucks on a couple of hotdogs,fries& drinks. However my overall experience was great, I would definitely return. Victor was a class act. Keep up the good work. PS. By the way it was a bit difficult picking a hotdog named after Miami teams being a huge BULLS and CUBS fan lol
As much as I would like to keep Sweet Dogs all to myself, I won't. This is what a hot dog place should be. In the words of the owner, Victor, "I want people to think: If I want a hot dog, I'm going to Sweet Dogs." And there are damn good dogs to be had. I tried the Marlin which is topped with guava BBQ sauce, a fried egg, fried sweet plantains, banana peppers, and potato sticks. It was a great combination! I honestly picked it because I wanted to have something I didn't think I would enjoy. Crazy, right? Well, Victor proved me wrong. All the ingredients combined perfectly. He has the kind of imagination I could only achieve after consulting a vaporizer. The attention and friendliness we got was second to none. We got samples of the mac n cheese and the BBQ beans. The mac n cheese was good but man those beans were on a whole other level. I ordered a side of the beans and they're topped with chopped onions and cheddar cheese. Excellent! The portion size is just right. It's so much better on all levels than the Colombian hot dog places all over Miami. I didn't feel like a bag of lard waiting to be harvested by Tyler Durden after my meal. Enjoy this place now while it's slow because I can guarantee one day it'll be packed around the clock.
I don't impress easily. In fact I'm hyper critical of restaurants. I don't know if it's because of my culinary background and business knowledge. Today I have been impressed. Sweet Dogs is an unassuming place on 8th street but inside this modest store front you will find some of the best hot dogs in Miami Dade County. I went there for lunch to try them out after seeing a teaser post on Burger Beast. Man, I was blown away. The Dolphin dog was huge and delicious,  it had pine apple sauce, cheese, and bacon. It wasn't like those other "perros"  dogs. This had substance and Girth (giggles). I also tried the Mr. Chili and man did I like that. House made chili and nacho cheese. What more can you ask for? This place is putting their money where its mouth is and starting with a 1/4 lbs kosher hot dog and that level of quality speaks for itself.Victor the owner was especially nice and offered the kind of service that people crave in South Florida. I have a feeling this place will be my new regular spot and that once the word gets out, it will be standing room only. Go eat there now before the lines get too long.
I saw the great reviews and figured I had to see what all the hype was about. Spinoff I went with my buddy and fellow foodie. Sweet Digs did not disappoint. The owner is a cool cat who understands how to treat customers. His attitude takes an already great meal and puts it over the top! The dogs are grilled just right. The chili is spot-on and what more can I say about the Mac-n-cheese? This place has incredible long-term potential. Will definitely be back.
Flew in to Miami Beach (BOAC ;-/) and got to my hotel.  I was hungry and didn't know the city so I hit up Yelp and lo and behold, there was a restaurant with over 100 reviews and a 5 star rating from my fellow Yelpers.  I have never, ever seen that high a rating with so many reviews. But wait, it was a hot dog restaurant? So, I head back out towards the airport to find Sweet Dog. I drove by it three times until I finally found it. Small but clean restaurant with a very interesting menu.  The food is great, amazing, (add your superlative) as you will see from the other Yelpers but the real treat was the proprietor, Victor. Great and personable guy who takes immense pride (well deserved!) in what he has created. Overall, I am happy to add my 5 stars and I am heading back for round two tonight!
First time here, I got the Marlin dog grilled so freaking good sweet & a little spicy.  BF got deep fried Dolphin dog they grill the cheese so you get a crust, what?!?!  We also had they house made baked beans yummm & mac n cheese sooooo good & creamy.  Can't wait till our next trip back here.
If I could rate this place 10 stars I would!! Let me start out by saying that I've never experienced this kind of customer service anywhere! From the moment I walked in I was greeted immediately and when I was confused on what to order, the menu was explained to me & I even got to try the mac and cheese! Oh boy, ever since that first bite I was hooked! This mac and cheese has to be the best I've ever tasted! I even tried to re-create it lol. Very addicting! Victor (the owner) is a nice humble man who cares about his customers. You'll catch him taking your order, preparing it, cleaning floors, charging you, this man does it all!  he works side by side by his employees, which nowadays isn't often seen. The rest of the staff is just as friendly and helpful. They really left an impression and just for that I will keep going back. PS: make sure to try the piña colada shake it is AMAZING ! :)
This is not your average hot dog.  Came in with my husband to try it out and I must say, I was really impressed. I was a little overwhelmed at first by all the options for toppings but the owner, Victor was super friendly. He explained the idea behind the dogs and let me try some of the toppings to make a better decision. I love going somewhere and asking for recommendations because it really builds on the experience of a new place and this is definitely a great place to do just that.  It's funny because it brings into perspective things that you have as sides now as toppings for your hot dog. I ended up getting the panthers dog and it was too delicious for words.  It has peppers and is topped with la choy crunchy noodles which I absolutely love.  I highly recommend them if you want to try a new spin on the old classic hot dog, you definitely won't be disappointed.
First time here and loved the hospitality.  Not only were we greeted with friendly service,  the Dolphin with a side of Mac and cheese was absolutely delicious. I love how they embrace the miami home teams.  I look forward to coming back for more!  :)
This is a nice find in the Miami area!  The owner was so warm and welcoming to all of us, he gave us a quick tour of his little shop, explained every item for us, and even offered samples of the delicious homemade chilli, Mac-n-cheese, and guac!   For lunch I shared the Heat with my daughter, which was more than enough!  It had layers and layers of goodness!  Although it's not a sit down restaurant with a waiter, the owner treated us like his VIPs!  He was very attentive the entire time we were there. My husband also got the Heat, but opted for the polish sausage instead of a regular hot dog, for which the owner explained, had been boiled, and cooked on the grill to order. We met a long time friend there, someone we knew when I was active duty and haven't seen in 5 years, and he had no idea it was there and even so close to the University of Miami campus (where he is in school). He said on multiple occasions (as he ate his Dolphin polish sausage) that he was coming back for more!!   This is defiantly a MUST HAVE place!!!
On the strength of Johnny and Blue's praises, all of the other good reviews and tips that I've read, and the fact that I've been craving a good hot dog since 1776, I decided to get myself on over to Sweet Dogs, and I am SOOOO glad that I did! First of all, let me just tell you that, even if the food wasn't so tasty, I'd probably give this place a 5-star rating, JUST because Vic is SO AWESOME! Listen to me, and listen CAREFULLY: Vic is the NICEST MAN in Hot Dog Land! No wait... Vic is the NICEST MAN to ever walk the streets of Miami. This dude greeted me like royalty when I came in, almost like I was his long-lost cousin. And though I may be, we haven't discovered this yet, so there was no legitimate reason for him to be as excited as he was to see me... other than the fact that he's, like, the NICEST MAN EVER! Now, if you're unfamiliar with the service in Miami, then you'll understand why I can't stop talking about this guy being so nice. Miami-style customer service (or lack there of) typically sucks. Usually, you're treated like you should be blessed and honored that the establishment allowed you to show your ugly mug in their place, and that it's a privilege to overspend on the crap that they have to offer. This doesn't occur at Sweet Dogs. I asked questions regarding various menu items, and I got answers. And they weren't vague answers, either. Vic even asked if I had food allergies and made additional suggestions. Attention: Jerky Restaurants... THAT'S customer service! Ok, now regarding the food, two words: "DA BOMB"! And I even got samples of things that I'd asked questions and read rave reviews about, including the mac & cheese (AMAZING) and the "Crack Pie" (TO DIE), without asking! I had the dog with the mac & cheese and croutons. Listen, I'm not usually one to eat a hot dog that's got macaroni and cheese on it, but I'd just taken a run, and the inner athletic, yet super greedy fat girl in me screamed "CHEESE!!!", so I went for  it. The sauce was legit! Cheese, creamy, and yummy, and the macaroni was cooked perfectly. And of course, it was topped with croutons, so that didn't hurt any, but the dog was the winner. It was huge, more like a sausage, and kinda smokey. I got that with some regular unseasoned fries, which were freshly made as I waited. Oh, and I almost forgot to mention the Crack Pie. No, no, no... it doesn't have real crack in it (yes, I asked and yes, I was just as disappointed as you are), but let me tell you what it does have in it: sugar, butter, sweet condensed milk, and other stuff. I couldn't  handle a slice because the athletic fat girl couldn't hang, but Vic let me try a sample. I had to make him take it away. TOO... FRIGGIN... GOOD! All I've got to say is this... The reviews are legit! This place is a little slice of heaven (without the crack, of course)! It's not diet friendly like Sweet Tomatoes would be, but who cares? Sometimes, you've just gotta splurge! Plus, does Sweet Tomatoes have crack in their pies? I think not! Now let me stop talking about that pie before I have a relapse! *slaps arm to find a vein*
It's Friday night and you're looking to treat yourself to something special. You've probably come to this review through a random Yelp search in hopes to uncover a hidden gem. Well, congratulations buddy. You found it! If you're a big fan of the Colombian hot dog, this is 1000 times better!  Tonight was my first visit and it certainly won't be my last.  I tried the Marlin, a juicy Nathan's dog topped with Guava BBQ sauce, fried egg, maduros, onions, banana peppers and papitas! Holy smoke! The combination of juicy beefy dog, mixed with the sweetness of the plantain and sourness of the pepper was AHMAZING! If you have room, you must try the Mac & Cheese. The service here was phenomenal, I placed a take out order with Victor and he timed it perfectly, making sure that my food would stay warm while I was on my way. He even surprised me with a Snickers. It was a nice touch. If you're in the Coral Gables/ Little Havana area you must stop by. It's also very reasonably priced!  Get out there and try and let's keep this gem nice and bright so others can enjoy!!!
One of the best hot dog joints in Miami. As a fan of hole-in-the-wall restaurants, I must say Sweet Dogs deserves 5 stars. Clean, great service and solid selection of ingredients makes this place all the better. Different Miami sports teams theme different types of dog toppings (I.e. Miami Heat dog having spicy ingredients, while Miami marlins has more Hispanic toppings like platanitos and guava BBQ). With any combo of toppings, you can choose between Italian sausage, 1/4 pound Nathan's hot dog, or an Italian sausage. Anything else on sides and what not, check the menu.
Definitely appreciated the pina colada shake, and I will probably order the mac and cheese again. Vic was a great help
Owner/operator Victor Ruiz came to Miami when he was five years old, fleeing the war in Nicaragua.  Little did he know that he would absorb American and Latin American hot dog culture, culminating in the creation of his little shop Sweet Dogs in Little Havana. Sweet Dogs offers 1/4-pound, all-beef Nathan's hot dogs (twice the size of those offered at most places), and also Italian and Polish sausages.  The dogs are available with about 18 different toppings and additions.  Suggested combinations are named after South Florida sports teams, and some others.  The menu posted here lists the ingredients, but one thing that is different from typical Latin perros joints is that he offers other "crunchifying" toppers besides the usual papitos (shoe-string potatos).  He adds chow mein noodles, corn chips and garlic croutons. Another plus is that your hot dog can be had either boiled, grilled (on a flat-top grill) or deep-fried, a la New Jersey style!  I asked, and yes he knows about New Jersey "rippers." I had a "Panthers" special, as photographed above.  It included grilled ham, sauteed peppers and onions, sesame seeds, sweet pickle relish, sweet and sour sauce and chow mein noodles.  It was made fast, hot and fresh, and was pretty wild tasting.  I liked it, although be warned that it is very messy.  If you eat this in your car, you and the car will end up wearing it.  I'll have to try some others to see what is my favorite.  I would have ordered at least two, but the hot dog is so substantial that it would have gone to waste. I had some seasoned fries, which are from frozen, but are of decent quality and properly fried.  He also offers house-made BBQ Beans, Mac & Cheese and Beef Chili.  The "chili" is more of a spicy meat sauce for the dogs, in my opinion, not the usual Texas-style "Bowl of Red."  It is heavy on the cumin, and has some black beans in it. Common Miami sodas, along with some Snapple offerings are available, and sundaes, cones, and milk shakes (maybe there's a soft-serve machine in back?). It has a typical Little Havana too-small parking lot, but there's an alley in back with no "No Parking" signs, and also swale parking on nearby side streets.  It's mostly take-out, with four counter seats indoors, and a little four-seat table outside. A welcome addition to the Miami hot dog scene, with its own twist on things.  I'll return, and I recommend you try it, too.
Pros, Good hot dogs and lots of city pride. Cons, barely anyroom to sit, hot dogs to messy and way to many toppings. Similar to dogma and frankitude.
Wow, stopped by for a quick bite to eat before heading out to family party I wasn't looking forward to.   The chili had a hispanic spin to it, I couldn't quite put my finger on it.  I had the Sweet Dog which was a perfect balance of all things holy, La Choy noodles for crunch, which worked very well.  My wife had the Miami Heat dog and loved the marriage between the homemade guac, the chili, onions, tomatoes and the corn chips.  It made her sing.  The mac and cheese was amazing, I had lost all faith in homemade Mac and Cheese because of the horrible excuse Pride and Joy offers... Hell, I won't feel bad bringing a vegetarian friend in here because of it...gloppy and gooey yum.  Reasonably priced drinks too...the parking lot could be a little brighter at night but Coral Gables is on the other side of 8th street,  so it's safe as can be...
What a great place...I know what you are thinking...its HOT DOGS...but they are VERY good dogs, Nathans' franks....The staff is first class service...The owner was very helpful and gave me his opinion on what they had to offer....I had the Dolphin and the FIU dog (yes both!!)...I wish I could tell you which was better...all I can say is, you cant go wrong with either one....only complaint?  Place is small, but the food is so good, its worth more than one visit.....
You see that star rating? It's perfect for a reason. Sweet Dogs has managed the culinary hat trick that seems to elude many other businesses: top-notch product, clear vision and (this one's the kicker, folks) incredible customer service that puts the customer first. Top-notch product. It's hot dogs. Right? Wrong. For anyone who doesn't understand the importance of the hot dog, please, visit Chicago (or... shudder... NYC). The hot dog is an institution. If you're not going to do it right, don't do it at all. Sweet Dogs more than does it right. It holds a clinic on how to take it to another level. The hook to Sweet Dogs is that it keeps it local (names and flavors) while elevating the experience of eating a hot dog. It's gourmet and down home at the same time... a proverbial lady in the streets and a well, you know the rest. I went with the namesake: the Sweet Dog. The dog that started it all has bacon, gets run through the garden (ask somebody), sweet peppers, chopped onion, SD sauce (not as scary as it might sound), and La Choy Noodles. Yep. You read that right. La Choy noodles. Old school. Besides starting with a generously-sized Nathan's hot dog, the dog is LOADED with toppings. This is a knife-and-fork kind of dog. Two hands. But the awesomeness doesn't stop with the dog. The chili cheese fries are worth the calories. The shakes (strawberry always and forever) will have you feeling like a kid with its genuine good taste and thick, rich creaminess. And to top it off, a couple of mini candy bars with your meal... just to make sure that your belly is busted (and to end things on a sweet note). Clear vision. Sweet Dogs doesn't try to be all things to all people. Sweet Dogs simply makes it a point to do one thing exceptionally well and to build a brand on that. Hot dogs. You come here for hot dogs. The Sweet Dog -- by itself -- is lure alone. When you add to it, the localized genius of The Heat, The U, The Dolphin (maybe we should leave that one alone for a while...), you come to see that each menu item is carefully considered and constructed. The sides and drinks lift up the main dish. Chili cheese fries. Mac& Cheese. Shakes. Ice Cream. These are all the flavors you're expecting but you're getting them better than expected. Are you following all this? You're getting a thoughtful product designed to please and keep you coming back for more. Incredible Customer Service. Vic. It's all about Vic. He gets it. He's a genuinely nice guy who works hard, listens to customers and does his level best to make sure that every experience is a good one. He's on the grill, behind the register and always smiling and joking. He's the kind of guy you want to be friends with. He's the kind of guy you want to succeed. It sounds crazy to say that kindness goes so far but here in Miami where good service can be as hard to find as the Yeti... kindness will take you a long way. Vic runs his business by the adage 'a please, a thank you and a smile will take you far.' It's taking him all the way to the top. As long as Vic Ruiz is the man, the vision and the force behind Sweet Dogs, I can't ever imagine someone not raving about it. Again, there's a reason that star rating is perfect.
Top Dog!! Hot Dog's aren't usually at the top of my list but I was won over when I stepped into Sweet Dogs. Not only is the customer service phenomenal, but they have a wide variety of hot dogs to choose from with their unique flavors that will satisfy everyone. And if you don't find what your craving they'll make it for you. Also we can't forget the homemade mac and cheese with croutons and parmesan cheese. You'll also be surprised by the Sweet's from the sundae's to the yummiest shakes. Definitely worth stopping by!!!!
Awesome hot dogs and awesome service. It was my first time here and the owner explained the selection very well. They were very attentive of us and very courteous. The hot dog was like none other I've ever had, which makes it so good. I'm glad I found a great hot dog joint in miami to go to now!
I don't have much to add from what others have said. Came with two coworkers for lunch one day and the owner could not have been more welcoming and kind. He explained the menu to us, offered us samples, and was genuinely very nice. The food was awesome! I had the U hot dog and my friends tried something else but each ordered with sausage. I'll definitely be back on a regular basis.
Fantastic service, great caring owner, and best of all.. The hot dogs are creative and delicious!
Loved this place! I was checking yelp for good places near my house and saw this little gem pop up. It's a tiny place, so I wouldn't plan to stay during busy lunch/dinner times. My boyfriend and I went on a Wednesday night around 9 and the few seats inside were open. The server was extremely helpful and helped us figure out what we wanted since we'd never been there before, and the food was made to order. I ordered their sweet dog and my boyfriend ordered the Miami Heat dog. They were both very delicious. The sweet dog has a homemade sweet-type of cole slaw which was very good. I tried a bite of the Miami Heat dog and that was just amazing due to the ridiculously yummy homemade guacamole they use. Let's see... We also tried the Mac n cheese which was as good everyone else here mentioned, though I found it a little pricey for the tiny amount served. All in all, a great place if you're looking for something relatively cheap, extremely filling, and very delicious. Definitely visiting this place again and again. Also, don't get suckered in for the crack pie! Guaranteed one taste and you'll be taking one to go. It's so delicious it can't be any good for you! ;)
I'm back in town for work and based upon a friend's recommendation, I decided to try Sweet Dogs. This place made my day. When I entered I began talking to the nice guy behind the counter, I didn't get his name, very friendly. I told him that it was my first visit. This guy gave me the rundown on all of the options available to me. Did I mention that he was genuinely friendly? I ordered, it took me forever to decide, the options all look great, and then took a seat. The owner, Vic, walked in a short time later, he insured that I had been taken care of properly. I ordered the Miami Heat and Mac and Cheese. I was hesitant when I first saw the Mac. It had f'ing salad croutons on it! What kind of "moron" (Vic is not a moron, mad genius maybe) does that? A brilliant one, that's who! I'm from a long line of mac and cheese eaters, I know mac and cheese. This is the best mac and cheese ever! I want my Grandmother to stop making her mac and cheese and start making Vic's. It's cheesy, it's creamy, it's crunchy...fantastic. The Miami Heat dog started with a 1/4 pound Nathan's dog, one of the best. The dog was covered with chili, cheddar cheese, fresh (made in house) guacamole, jalapeños, tomatoes and corn chips. The toppings were all fresh and tasty, the combination had great fresh flavor. My only regret was that I was so full, I wasn't able to try any of the other dogs. Once I was finished, Vic asked how everything was. We talked for a few minutes about how he started and some of the other items they serve. Vic genuinely seems to enjoy what he is doing and is a real people person. Well played Vic, I'll be back soon!
As a first time patron I was kindly welcomed as soon as I entered  Sweet Dogs. There wasn't a person in there so I was a little apprehensive at first but reassured by the state of the place - clean and organized. Also, the guy who took my order couldn't have been friendlier and the only other person in there was another employee, a good looking girl : ) Ordered an Italian dog, the Mac and Cheese dog, and a coconut shake (not on the menu but read about it on yelp). Not. Disappointed. While the place is a touch pricey, the food was amazing and the employees were  incredibly nice.
Amazing!!! The best hogs ever, I had the Miami heat dog and it was to die for. All the ingredients were so fresh and the service was excellent! The owner is so nice and welcoming. This is one of my new hot spots!! Victor (owner) got me hooked on crack!! Crack pie that is, lol!! You'll love it!!
Awesome service, awesome dogs. Had the sweet dog, the dolphin, and the signature sweet dog. So many more we wanted to try. Great spot to grab a quick bite.
This is the first time I ever leave  a comment. I just left this place and I have to say I love it. The people are so nice and welcoming especially Jorge. I haven't been to a place like this in a while. I give it 5 stars for great food and great service ! Btw the Mac and cheese is awesome! I'll be back again
A great whole in the wall place for a hot dog, the Miami dolphins dog is one of my favorites, also the Mac and cheese dog is with mentioning and trying.
We arrived in Miami today from Los Angeles for a family trip and decided to try this place based on all the great reviews.  I wish I could report a great meal and experience but the place was closed.  Both Yelp and the website stated that they were open today (Sunday) but it appears the info was incorrect.  So sad, too bad.
Been to Sweet Dogs a couple times already. I haven't tried all their dogs yet but I am closely getting there. What can you say about this place. I absolutely LOVE hot dogs. When in NY I go for my dog, when in ChiTown I go for my dog but Sweet Dogs is the DOG in Miami. It takes every hot dog spot in Miami out of the game. This is NOT a Colombian spot which is what I first though it would be before getting there for my first time. It's One MILLION times better than that non sense and takes a FRESH and different approach on hot dogs. All their specialty dogs are named after Florida sports teams. I have had "The Dolphin, The U, & The Marlin, The Heat & The Panther"  and they are absolutely DELICIOUS!! But don't get crazy ordering all those at once because they pack in a quarter pound Nathan's grilled dog into the mix. It was tough to finish just one so bring your appetite. As a side, I tried their "homemade chili" & their "Mac & Cheese" which were both delicious and also come on dogs if you would like. Seasoned fries were good. I have yet to try their other items such as homemade corn dogs, or grilled sausages but plan to very soon. For desert I have had a Oreo milkshake and soft serve ice cream. Both wonderful. You can also top off your dog with whatever you would like if you don't want to stick to the original menu. All in all just great. Ask for Victor who greeted me and pretty much made the place. Hell of a nice guy and expects nothing but satisfaction. I WILL CONTINUE GOING BACK!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Pros- 1.Everything Cons- 1. Not open for late birds out there           2. My stomach is not big enough to have more than one!! :-)
The Miami dolphins dog was delicious and the owner was a very nice guy  great place great prices
Just tried it for the first time. This is the best hotdog place I've been to in Miami. Clever combinations of toppings and great service stick out in my mind. The superperro at La moon is good, but definitely a second to these dogs.
Small place but great food I had the Dolphin dog with strawberry shake and my wife had the Mac n cheese and vanilla shake also grabbed two pies the peanut butter ,chocolate and a crack pie both where good I'll definitely go back
Owner was so down to earth and made us feel like we walked into his own kitchen at home. The hot dog choices are all fun. Everything tasted great. Will be visiting again soon.
If there ever was a place that the merge of the words hot dog and bliss would occur, this would be it. These gourmet hot dogs are outstanding. Sweet dogs sets the benchmark for what a hot dog should be and I feel no other hot dog vendor comes close. Don't let the rough parking lot fool you, this place is a genuine diamond in the rough. The kitchen is in full view and is so clean and meticulous it's unreal. The restroom deserves a cleanest restroom in miami award. The owner Victor working the counter was friendly and you could tell he had a lot of pride in his business and food. Whether you're in the mood for a gourmet hot dog or it, this place should definitely be on your list of places to stop by. Did I mention the Mac and cheese is phenomenal? I could eat that stuff for days.
This place is awesome.... Their hotdogs are the perfect balance of sweet and salty... I had the dolphin dog deep fried ...DELICIOUS... Thank you Victor..
Best dogs ever it's a must go also has great costumer service. If you are looking for a great place to eat with great service this is the plca.
I love the dogs.  Great tasting and definitely a twist over your average hot dog. Best Mac and cheese I've had in a while and the crack pie has me scratching for more.
I love this place even more because of Victor. I keep his flyers on my desk as part of advising. Good conversation and food.
I always get the Miami heat dog. The guy that works there is really cool and a straight up boss. Best hot dogs in miami by far
I see why this place gets 5 stars. You walk in and the place is spotless. The very friendly staff was extremely helpful as first time customers.  I chose the Miami Heat and fries, which was very good. It is ginormous for a hot dog. I'm glad I didn't order two hot dogs. My coworkers got the polish sausage and the sweet dog, which they were happy with.  The only criticism is that there is almost no seating.
This place was beyond amazing! I never leave reviews but I always decide where to go through reviews. This time it was so good I just had to write something. The service was scary good lol everybody was so nice! The food was amazing anything you get I think would be good but you gotta try The Mac, it's SO good specially if you like cheese. Love this place, everything was excellent!
i never write reviews..but this place is unique. great idea, great hot dogs, truly UNUSUAL combinations and the crack pie is well...like crack, or what i imagine crack must be like to people who like crack...lol  and really nice people
Miami needed a great hot dog place, this it! The Mac and cheese and the chili is ridiculously good. Feel free to add it on top of any dog. To add to it all, Vic (the owner) offers great customer service and makes you feel right at home.
Another score thanks to Yelp!  Definitely worth the 5-star reviews. It's a humble place, with a very small eating area inside and some outdoor seating, but the food is amazing, it's impeccably clean and the owners are very friendly and helpful.  I'd recommend this place to anyone!  We had the Dolphin and Marlin with the chili and mac sides.
Just go. You're reading reviews for a hot dog place. You want a hot dog. Sweet dogs makes great hot dogs. Got it? Seriously - doesn't look like much, but super super clean and a lot of TLC put into making really excellent food. Absolutely try the sides - mac n'cheese, baked beans, all top notch also.
Stopped in after seeing a rare 5 star rating. Hot dogs were awesome and staff was super friendly! And, you can never argue when a candy bar that comes with your meal. If I'm ever back in Miami, I will definitely stop back.
By far the best dogs in town and the owners a super cool dude. Def be coming back over an over and over been there 3 times in less than 2 weeks taking different people with me...I've tried the Mac, The dolphin, and the Marlin!!! all awesome but man the Coconut shake is amazing!!!!!!!!
Best hotdogs in town. ;]
Okay so I thought that the manager must have paid people off to get them to leave such great reviews, but I was wrong! Sweet Dog is worthy of every one of the reviews! It has GREAT service, a wild selection of hot dogs, and some really unusual toppings! This seems like one of those places that will get onto the food network once it is discovered! The only problem I had was getting there - my GPS took me to the house behind it. It was a great experience! It's a must go to! (Btw - if you're not satisfied with anything on the menu they are more then happy to customize your hotdog)
We have been trying to make it in to this place for a long time and I am sooo glad we made it in before closing time. Everything was absolutely delicious! From the service to the food the whole place has a comfortable one on one homemade feel to it.     The seating is bar seating is limited but more than enough for the simply massive hot dogs. I ordered a Miami Heat dog with out the jalapeños and my boyfriend ordered a University of Miami dog and we shared an order of Mr. Mac and a strawberry shake. Oh. My. Goodness. It was fantastic!     So I have to mention how colossal the hot dogs they use are before the momentous toppings. They only use 1/4 pound beef Nathan's hot dogs. They are enormous. Then they pile on the toppings and if it isn't a simple item like cheese then it's homemade. I am not usually a fan of guacamole but this was homemade to perfection as was the chili. Cest manifique.    The owners could not have been more lovely and hospitable either. It felt like we were visiting a friends house for dinner...and that friends family had an awesome flat top with a zillion hot dog toppings. The buns were toasted perfectly and to top it all off, we got a slice of crack pie to go. Heaven.
This place is amazing! Extremely friendly owner Victor provided us very delicious hotdogs. We will definitely come back if we travel back to Miami again! P.S: the bathroom is extremely clean :)
Came down to Miami for several business meetings and file in the area was in the mood for a hotdog.  Found Sweet Dogs on Yelp and the place is awesome.  The moment we walked in we felt welcome, the staff acknowledged us with a friendly hello and explained the different hotdogs available and even showed us the difference between the hotdogs and the sausage.   Myself and my friend ordered the Miami Heat hotdog which includes, chili, cheese, jalapeños, guacamole, and I believe potato sticks on top.  This hotdog was delicious and one was enough to fill me up.  The second time I came in I had the Miami Dolphin and it was excellent as well but I preferred the Miami Heat slightly more.   The staff at Sweet Dogs is awesome.  They always greet you with a smile have time to explain to their customers what is involved in the different dogs and they have no problem adding or leaving out certain ingredients because they are all made to order.   One final thing... if you come here try the Crack Pie.  You won't be disappointed.
This is a great hotdog place. Probably the best in the area. I've had the sweet dog and the Mack and cheese dog and they were both excellent. They use premium hotdogs and they are large.
First visit, I went with the Mr. Chill, because i wanted to taste their main ingredients that should be on any dog- Excellent !!!!! The service was exceptional. The young lady behind the counter, was fun in telling the store of all the dogs that are made there. Cannot wait to return to try something different.
This was the most amazing hotdog I have EVER had!!! LOVED this pace! Even the service was amazing. Best hotdog in miami!!!!
Delicious! The staff is very friendly. The owner I believe is the cook. He explained the entire menu thoroughly since it was our first time there.
Mr chill was delicious and the fries were perfect. I would come by here again. Also service was wonderful. If you want a good hot dog this place is the best.
Awesome place! They are a new and refreshing approach to the concept of a good hot dog. I choose the Dolphin hot dog and couldn't finish it because it was tooo filling. Yum
had the U of M dog and it was on point! special soft butter bun and large hot dog were used. seasoned fries made fresh to order. the owner was on the register, very personable guy! gave suggestions and found out what we really wanted to eat.  little piece of chocolate candy came with the meal to satisfy that after meal sweet tooth. definitely going back to try another dog!
Awesome!!!!!  Highly recommended!
If you are into delicious and different types of hot dogs, I strongly advice you check them out. Expand your palate.
I absolutely love places like this. They take something so simple-- a hot dog-- and turn it into an experience. The owner, Victor, is my kind of restaurant owner-- loves what he does and loves sharing it with his customers. He doesn't hide away in the back somewhere, he's out front and center interacting with you and wanting your honest feedback. The mad scientist combinations he has come up with all work. On my first visit, we tried the Marlins, Heat, and Dolphins hot dogs as well as the chili cheese fries. It was seriously hard to pick a favorite because each of the dogs was just completely different but I think that day the Heat took my vote. The guacamole was phenomenal and guess what? It's made in house. As are the bbq beans (sweet and delicious), the mac and cheese (oh my god, it's perfect), the chili (hearty), and everything else.   Not to mention-- you know what goes great with a hot dog? Ice cream! They've got a soft serve machine on-site which they use for sundaes but they also make really yummy milkshakes with it too. Check this place out, and go hungry! BTW a word about seating-- there isn't any really. One little counter with like 4 bar stools. So if you and your friends want to mob the place, and you really should want to mob it, just be ready to stand. It's totally worth it though.
A true local hot dog shop catering to the area with amazing food and service. The owner is very involved with making your meal as pleasant as possible and the restaurant is very clean. A definite pace to return to for some delicious and filling hot dogs.
Came in on a saturday night,  place is small but feels so cozy. A man came up to us and started telling us all about the menu and the meats, that was just awesome. I love that they make everything on the spot! I ordered the Chill one and my husband the marlins one. They were just delicious! Perfection! The best thing about this place is the service, they make us feel very welcome. I really wanted to try a shake but had to pass. We will come back soon, I want to try a polish one next! A+++++++++
Excellent food. Owner greets you, explains the menu and even offers tastings. I love supporting local small businesses. A definite must go to in Miami.
Great, beefy dogs and the best, most welcoming guy in town. Highly recommend the chili dog.  The Mac and cheese dog is a little bland out of the box, but terrific with a little spicy sauce. The croutons add a little needed crunch, but if they were a little smaller it would have been easier to eat.  Small space without much seating (7-8 bar stools inside and a small table on the sidewalk), but you're in and out in no time, and everyone who needed a seat had a seat. I hope this place grows and clones itself. If we lived in Miami, this would be on our regular rotation. Great job!
Excellent atention, owners work there and care about you being satisfied. They explained everything on the menu. The one with plantain was great absolutely delicious.
I went there a few weeks ago and it was the best hot dog I've ever had! Super clean. Amazing service! The owner was nice. I'll be returning very soon!
Read the reviews on yelp. They were spot on the place was awesome! Best hot dogs we have ever had! My kids, wife and I will definitely be back. If you are in the area this is a must!
I like the variety of toppings as well as the quality of the meat. The service is so friendly and accommodating.
Amazing. The sweet dog is insanely good and the strawberry milkshake is one of the most delicious shakes I've ever had. I look forward to further exploring the menu in the future.
Writing a review while suffering from a food coma is no easy undertaking. Chomping down on two delicious hot dogs from Sweet Dogs is, however, my pleasure. (Washing them down with a sweet vanilla shake is pure food mastery!). Sweet Dogs is a great little gem on 8th street not far from the Sedanos on Granada. Why more residents of Coral Gables aren't beating down the door of this fine establishment is a testament to their inability to search north for nourishment.  It's also fortunate for me as I never have to wait too long to get my favorite hot dog. For now, I shall return to my hot dog induced comma and blissfully reminisce the supreme degustation that just took place, courtesy of Sweet Dogs!
I love the Miami Heat! I ask for it without jalepenos and I have to have it at least once a week! Super yummy! I have the mac and cheese and that is yumm too!
This place has very delicious food! Creative and fresh! The staff makes you want to come back for more. The guy dressed up as a hot dog is so friendly :)))
Great chili dog, good quality! The staff needs training though, she referred to the polish hot dog as polynesian.
Finally some good hotdogs arrived to Miami. I had the Miami Heat and it was very good. Full loaded with chili, nachos, guacamole, cheese and jalapeños. The only suggestion  I have is that they should heat the bun a little bit to make it perfect.    The mac and cheese side is yummy. All home made. Excellent service.  I'll definitely come back soon.
Found this little gem while in town on business.  I was staying at a hotel near the airport and this place is just a few blocks away.  They have HUGE Miami themed hotdogs with every topping imaginable! Not interested in trying something new? This guy will prepare a hotdog for you anyway you want it. I got mine with just chili and cheese and it was amazing.  Finally each hotdog comes with a complementary candy bar and a soda.  LOVED IT!
Sweet mother of God, Sweet Dogs! I moved to Miami in January 2012 and this place didn't existed during my futile quest to find the best perfect gourmet hot dog here. The large culinary variety and cosmopolitan life of Miami was missing a place like this. Disappointed of Miamenses for not knowing what a truly "gourmet hot dog" is, and for sending me to several different places like the old Arbetter's (the best of hot dogs of Miami? Ha! What a joke...), we finally have Sweet Dogs! Nothing to do with your plain frozen hot dog. This place is special. This place is unique. Now I can say there is a place here in Miami that KNOWS THE BEST OF THE BEST WHEN IT COMES TO GOURMET HOT DOGS! The place is very clean, fast, decorated with a lot of Miami history, everything, including the salchichas are fresh! You will not be disappointed. Try something different and good! Sweet Dogs is here to stay in Miami! I could only wish the place was bigger, so that me and my large family could fit in one big table (pues soy pobre y de familia numerosa).
So good, i never thought i would actually enjoy a hot dog until i went here. Very nice staff and food.
Best Hot Dogs in Miami. Owner is very personable and will guide you to what your taste buds will uncover. Home Made Chili and Mac and Cheese at $3 you cant go wrong.
Drive by this place everyday and have always wanted to try it. This weekend, that's exactly what I did. You walk in and are automatically greeted by Victor and the rest of the staff, which makes you feel right at home. Place is small, yet cozy and clean. Now, on to what you're here for.... the hot dogs! I had the Miami Dolphin which is a 1/4 pound Nathan's dog, topped with house sauce, pineapples, bacon, ham, cheese, and papitas. So good! Their homemade mac n' cheese is one of the best I've had. It's sprinkled with Parmesan cheese and topped with garlic croutons. Also tried the Italian sausage and the flavors there were out of this world. If you're ever in the area, check this place out. You won't be disappointed.
This place is awesome! The hot dogs are amazing. I am a platanito maduro fan and I had the marlin, it was spectacular!  Great food for the money.
I read about this place a few months ago, but living in north broward (almost an hour drive) it was gonna take a special occasion for me to make it to down this south. Well thankfully a friend of mine was performing at the Biltmore hotel a few minutes down the road. I took my mom along b/c she always knows I try a bunch of non traditional food. This place was no exception. The gentleman greeting you up front ,who I assume was the owner, was very nice and passionate about his product. He explained all our options in detail, made his recommendations, and even told us about how he got started. I went with the dolphin (ham, bacon, pineapple..and other stuff I can't remember)...mom went with the Mac and cheese dog..both were AMAZING!!! Everything on the menu looked great and I would've loved to try more, but I was so full after one. Might have to take the hour drive to try another one of these delicious dogs!
best hotdogs in town... delicious
The guys over here are taking All Beef jumbo dogs to another level. I went in and grabbed a couple to go, did the  build your own, and some chili cheese fries, which were spot on.  Many toppings to choose from, The garden topping was a nice add on, a tangy slaw of sorts that cuts right through the juices of the frankfurter. The bakery quality brioch buns pull it all together. Place is simple, no nonsense, take away with a few stools. Gio and jorge are as nice as can be. Down to earth service and out of this world dogs.
I am from Illinois and am on vacation in Miami! Four words... BEST HOT DOGS EVER! My girlfriend had the Miami Heat and I had a dog with cheese sauce and we shared cheese fries! It was awesome!  The owner was friendly and showed us around the restaurant and the taste was unbelievable!!! Do yourself a favor and check this place out!   I have posted pictures of our visit!! Enjoy!!
HOT DOGS GALORE! They have hot dogs with a mountain of toppings on it. I had read all the high rating reviews on this place so I decided to check it out, boy was that a good decision! It's a much smaller place than I thought. With a capacity for only 5 people to sit on stools, & the counter is only a few feet away from the door, very clean place. But nonetheless, as soon as you walk in your greeted courteously. The person who was taking our order was very knowledgeable about the whole menu & was so nice as to take his time telling us what each hot dog was made with. We ordered The Marlin, The Dolphin, The Miami Heat & the Italian sausage. The Marlin had fried egg, sweet plantains, chopped onions, banana peppers, guava BBQ sauce, papitas, who would ever think to put that on a hot dog?! It was so different & tastes great! I had The dolphin, it was my favorite of them all. It had a pile of melted mozzarella cheese, with chopped thick bacon, ham, pineapple sauce & papitas :) it was mouthwatering. Italian sausage was HUGE! If you have a really big appetite then this will definitely fill you up. It about an 8' sausage with a pile of assorted peppers on top. The Miami Heat I didn't try but my bfs uncle devoured it! & left nothing at all. Their passion fruit & guanabana juice are so natural! They taste like they just picked it from the tree & blended it into a delicious juice right there & then. Its not on the menu but I also ordered a Coconut milkshake... WOW. I loved how it had little pieces of grated coconut, you have to try it! I'd say it's more of a dessert. The only reason why I rated this a 4 star & not 5 was because I made the mistake of drinking my shake while the food was being prepared so I was full by the time the food was done which was in about 5 minutes & couldn't really enjoy my hot dog to the fullest but I am planning to return, & eat the hot dog first after is when I will have my shake lol :P Almost forgot, their seasoned fries are made fresh to order & so crisp & delicious!!
I have been wanting to go to this place for a few months, Therefore, I decided to stop by this joint today. I brought Grandma along. I have to say that the owner and his help were very polite, helpful and overall good people. We had the Miami Heat. Very good, it could use more spice (that's just my personal preference. Try it this joint any day of the week.
Was in the area for work and saw how well it was reviewed by fellow Yelpers. Ordered the Miami Heat dog which was loaded with chili, jalapenos, cheese, guac, and fritos. The quality of the hot dog was exceptional and the chili was well prepared. Arguably the best part of the experience was the people. The owner was extremely helpful in my indecisive ordering, even offering to alter the order based on what I liked. I also ordered the homemade mac and cheese which had croutons on top! It was really a creamy sauce and found it to be very unique. The owner persuaded me into trying a milkshake (strawberry) and he even gave me a little extra while I waited for my hot dog. All in all this is a great hole in the wall place, with great food, and even better customer service.
Wow! This was the BEST hotdog I've ever had in my life. I had the "dolphin" dog with pineapples, ham, bacon, mozzarella, bbq sauce, and fries. Amazing. The staff was super friendly and passionate about wieners. This place is amazing! I true gem. I will be coming back again.
So I am a hot dog lover and am always looking for hot dog spots when I'm traveling. I came to Miami to work a tattoo convention and found on yelp Sweet Dogs. By just glancing at the menu I knew this is where I was going. This is hands down the best hot dog I have ever had. I had the Dolphin which was incredible and I'll be going back in the morning for some more. Everything there is made in house with ingredients from local farmers and vendors. On top of serving the best hot dogs in the world the guys working were extremely friendly and helpful. They showed us all the ingredients used, and were genuinely excited and proud of the product they serve. I would highly recommend Sweet Dogs, and make sure you try one of their homemade fruit juices you won't be disappointed.
Sweet Dogs is actually the best place in the world to get Hot Dogs and chili cheese fries this place is way better than Arbetter's
The worst part about Sweet Dogs is the lack of parking.  But once you get inside, the hot dogs are great and all of the sides are wonderful.  Definitely a meal so go hungry!!
When I saw that a "regular" Hot Dog-guy had a five-star rating, I thought it must be something wrong. I was sooo wrong! This is not a regular place, and it completely deserves it's five star rating. One of the first things I noticed when I walked in was the cleanliness of the place, we came a very calm period of the day, but there wasn't a single stain or spot of dust anywhere. Good start. Then came the service, we ran into Victor, a really helpful guy that seemed to love his place and his customers. We enjoyed his service almost as much as the food. This was, of course, the best hot dog I've ever had. There were some good choices on the meny, and my party got four different meals, all of them was fantastic. If you are in the neighborhood, do not miss this little golden nugget. Even if you are not in the neighborhood, do try to visit this place anyway. I'll be back whenever I visit Miami next time!
This place is awesome. Literally a hole in the wall, but easily the best hot dog I've ever had in my entire life. The staff was great, took time to explain the entire menu to us including giving samples of the mac and cheese (you HAVE to get this). There's a reason why this place is #1 on Yelp and you have to check it out, you wont be disappointed!
This restaurant is like no other. We came in and they immediately asked if we had been there before to which we answered "no" the owner took time with us explaining the different hot dogs, toppings and sausages that were available. They joked around with us while they made our food. The food was delicious! I had the Miami Heat and I had to eat it with a knife and fork because it was so big. I also tried the Mac and cheese which was made with croutons on top. It was so good. Lastly, we each tried one of their juices: the watermelon, cantaloupe and passion fruit. They were amazing. We ended up staying about 30 minutes after we finished eating just talking and joking around with the 2 guys behind the counter (flako and fluffy). Overall, great experience and we'll definitely be coming back for more.
Owner was super nice and welcoming.  Food was amazing , highly recommend the mac and cheese.worth the extra 30 min drive
Soooo good!!! We had The Mac and The Sweet Dog, and Crack Pie....DELICIOUS! And their homemade guanabana juice is a must.  I was very surprised to receive such excellent service...thank you Victor! Definitely coming back.
Amazing selection of freshly made custom hot dogs and sides. Can't be beat! The space is a bit cramped, but the staff is extremely friendly and the food is superb with a bit of a hometown theme
Great service and very large hot dogs. Great find in an unassuming area. The staff was very attentive and were constantly checking in with me while awaiting my takeout order. The macaroni was solid and has crutons, oreo shake was exactly what I hoped it to be and the polish sausage was a fine choice.
The food was spectacular. My fiancée is not a big fan of hot dogs but after two days she was wanting to visit again and try the UM dog. We had the Miami Heat and it was amazing! Over and above the food, the service was great! We were the only ones there so we got to talk with the guys as they gave us the run down on their menu. Definitely plan to come back again!
Stopped in on a whim and was greeted by George who was so personable, you feel like you have known this guy for a long time. The mac n cheese dog was the best tasting hot dog combo ever. The place is clean, the service was friendly and the dog was to die for. The parking lot is a bit cramped but who cares? I would park a block away for this place. Keep it up Sweet Dogs!
Awesome hot dogs. I had the Italian with the polish sausage and it was excellent. High quality ingredients and well seasoned. The guys who work there are friendly and very customer focused. Best hot dog in Miami!
It's no wonder Sweet Dogs is rated five stars. With an all encompassing menu and the freedom to load your hotdogs with whatever succulent combination your heart desires, Sweet Dogs hits the spot. My girlfriend and I shared the Marlins hotdog (oh did I mention, their signature hotdogs are Miami themed!!) but she added chili to it. With perfectly cooked plantains, papitas, and peppers, this hotdog was the BEST. We also shared chili cheese fries that couldn't have been better. I'd definitely recommend Sweet Dogs!
