From the creators of the Lokal, comes the 'Best damn beer bar in Miami!' At least when it comes to rarity of selection. They preach quality and Kush lives by it. Cantillions are here. Currently, they have Fou Foune. Don't tell Patrick. Shhhh. Not to let the beer steal the show, (but it does) the food is tasty. The Hobo Frito Pie is chili and Frito goodness and oh the Chicken and Waffles is icing on the cake, spot on. I will certainly be back for both beer and beer munchies.
Went to Kush with high expectations, as I have been known to frequent Lokal from time to time.  Usually, this leaves room for disappointment, like when you have great texting banter with a guy and then meet him in person for the first time to have a painfully awkward date where you strain to keep a conversation for the duration of a meal. Oh and he looks nothing like his Tinder pictures. Luckily for me, this was not the case with Kush. The first word that comes to mind when describing this place is "dope." It's a small, cozy restaurant with awesome decor and great vibes. I had Frank's Black Bean Burger, picked it partially because my dad's name is Frank and partially because my mouth watered when I read the description. It was fantastic. For meat eaters and non-meat eaters alike.  My friend had the Kush & Hash which looked in.sane. The beer selection was obviously awesome and the people working there were super laid back and helpful- I want to aggressively try to be friends with all of them. Can't wait to go back and try all of the different things Kush has to offer
Been twice already and had probably one of the best chicken and waffles I've ever had.  Also had the frita burger, love the salty and sweet taste at once.  Love that they make their own sauces, everything taste really fresh.  Not much of a beer drinker, so I can't comment on it too much, but they do have loads of them.  Can't wait to go back.
I really think coming to a place like this at an off time, like at 1:30-2pm on a Saturday, is your best bet. It's delicious, small, quaint, and comfortable. It's not huge, which is an advantage because the service is great, the food is fresh, and the atmosphere warm and comforting. Upon walking in, I was ready to stay awhile. The bar is definitely the place to sit - each place has a different quote burned into the beautiful wood. There are so many details to this place, and its' amazing. They have a good amount of craft beer, and it's all nice stuff. Definitely worth coming for the beer, but the frita burger is where it's at. I couldn't finish it because I dunno, I'm never able to finish burgers, but I also drove it the hour home because I refused to let any part of it go to waste. Potato sticks and guava jam? Best. Combo. Ever. I will definitely be back, albeit at an odd time at the middle of the day most likely, but it's worth coming to, even if it's busy. This is a place I would wait for.
I've been tracking this place on facebook and such, I was thrilled to see the MIami local beer scene taking such a step forward. From facebook I expected it to be about 10x larger than it was, very small space. It was jammed late on Saturday when I landed and I was hungry. Service is very good, everyone is really nice. My wife got a salad and some wine (booo). While I enjoyed the burger (all around good burger, and good fries) and several beers. The amount of local beer on tap is awesome, and they have a reserve list of beer which has some really rare gems. This place is awesome, I will be back.
Wow this place is really small and tight.  I waited for about 45 minutes for a table but the manager and waitress kept coming around to make sure i was okay and if i wanted anything to drink in the meantime which was great. Came here with 2 friends, one had the alligator bites which was really good and it came with 2 dipping sauces which were really good. My other friend had the frita burger with fries and she loved hers and i had the utah burger but changed the bun to the wheat bun with sweet potato fries and it was amazing.  i was thinking about the burger all night. Hope to go back soon and not be as full.
Kush has one of my favorite burgers of all time, the Frita burger, it is amazing. Fries are also delicious. I also had the alligator bites last time I came and they were just okay. You must try the Frita, life changing....
Powerful gourmet burgers, salads and desserts, knowledgable waiters and bartenders, flawless bar, small but flawless, one of the best beer menus in S Florida.
KUSH is much needed and welcomed addition to Wynwood. It's chill, unpretentious hipstery vibe makes it perfect for lunch, dinner, a first date, dinner with friends.. but I probably wouldn't come here with 1. anyone that might be offended by the little baggie of pseudo weed they serve with the brownie dessert or 2. a huge group as space is limited, it gets pretty packed and for outdoor seating is limited to just one picnic table. I have been here a few times now and I always see the owner running around, being involved, and making sure his guests are being taken care of. The menu is comprised of an array of eclectic appetizers, burgers and sandwiches.  But, they aren't just ANY burgers and sandwiches.. each has they own little gourmet twist and the food is always fresh and consistent. The grilled cheese con salsa de tomate is a delicious remix of a childhood fav. Both chicken sandwiches and the reuben were awesome. The dudes at my table were in love with the Frita Burger with guava. My two favorite parts of KUSH are the Mexican Coke they serve (don't get excited, I'm talking about the soft drink) and the great sides they offer- mushrooms, asparagus, coleslaw (nothing like the one served at grandma's nursing home) and the SWEET POTATO FRIES that are perfection. They only serve beer and wine but the beer selection is well thought out and always changing and the wine options don't disappoint. The food comes out fast, and the service is normally friendly and knowledgeable (basically unheard of in Miami) and when we go Z always takes good care of us. The only thing I wasn't really feeling was the brownie for dessert.. and considering all they have for dessert are 2 things, you would expect them both to blow your mind. Oh ya, and if you aren't familiar with Wynwood, this place is basically in the ghetto and parking is whatever you can find in the street so if you are the type that gets their panties in a bunch because you have to park your 2005 infiniti G35 in front of a crackhouse then this place probably isn't for you.
Went after the h2ombre show with my brother,  his girlfriend,  and their friends,  and wow!...What a neat little spot in up and coming wynwood! Small space, but adds to it's "hipster" atmoshere. IMPRESSED WITH ALL STAFF MEMBERS-VERY NICE, FRIENDLY, AND ATTENTIVE!! Waited an average amount of time for a table,  normal in Miami.  Food was FANTASTIC, so definitely worth the wait!  Tables are super short (probably intentional so you don't get too comfortable and hang around), but once your food comes,  you will find a way to make it work!   The entire party was very satisfied with their orders.  I had the collier county chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries, and I would go back right now for it.
Awesome food, personal service and reasonable prices. Truly one of Miami's hidden gems only because it's new!  I've been a few times and there's one item - probably the cheapest on the menu - that absolutely blew me away: The Frito Hobo Pie!  It's a bag of fritos with kick ass chili, cheese and onions - served in the bag.   instagram.com/p/pzots_hd… Heck, the menu itself is on a paper bag. Its that kind of place ;-)  Let me just say, one of the big selling points of eating here is the staff.  They are friendly, cool, caring and - how often can you even say one of those things about wait service in Miami??? The beer selection is huge (I'm not a beer drinker) and the ambience is low key, fun and inviting. I've had the Fried Gator (very tasty), the "Frita" their award winning burger with guava and the Chicken and Waffles (completely must have!) too. Overall, the food is excellent, the prices are in line with the value of it, but cheap for what it is. Go check it out!
Wow! This is my new favorite place in Miami. These people know their beers! Sometimes I struggle finding a place with the kind of beer I like to drink, but Kush and Lokal have nailed it. The food is also amazing. We split the Frita burger last night, and it was plenty of food for two. To top it off, the bartenders were very friendly and attentive.
Amazing food, great craft beer and good service.   The decor is awesome. Highly recommend the Frita burger, the Jon Dough, and the alligator bites. Absolutely delicious.
Truly beer selection and food is A+!! Small but then the staff are nice and genuine. Great place!!!
Little pricey for a buger and a beer.  Location would be killer if it was closer to the wynwood vibe and walkable.  That aside, I hope the bar does well.  Cool vibe, friendly staff.   ** No sports on the TV.  Ladies in our group loved that.
I'm  Kush on my second visit.  It call be be simple, and it is, simply amazing! Food, service,  BEEEEEEER!!!! Kush is my new favorite niche!
For burgers and craft beers, this place is amazing. Service was fantastic. On a Wednesday night at 8:00 for 3 people we waited about 30 minutes but the wait staff was very nice and apologetic. Craft beers were great, I got some Bells Two Hearted Ale which is hard to fine back home. The alligator bites are a MUST HAVE appetizer as is the John Dough dessert. The burgers were the best part of the meal and I would highly recommend them. 5 stars!
i love kush. they serve awesome beers and the food is really good. like their black bean burger. possibly the best in town and im not even a vegetarian. sweet potato fries are the bomb. i be dunkin those on honey mustard like whatsss. service is amicable and nice. because its a small place, sometimes its hard to get a table and when its busy service may take a bit longer but relax bro, youre not important. you swear you are but youre really not. sitting by the bar is best for speed you desperate pretentious fool. last but not least, the decor is very cool. wooden counter, nice art on the walls. cool spot all around. hater comment: i fucking hate drinking water from a "jar". fucking trendy dirty hipsters.
Wow. The Johnny burger was phenomenal. If you want the most flavor out of the burger, shoot for medium, medium-rare. The Johnny Utah was  opted the best burger in Miami, which is why it originally piqued my interest. Actually, my girlfriend picked it out (she saw the last sentence).  A well-seasoned beef patty rolled with hot pastrami, special Lokal sauce, sliced tomato, shredded lettuce, diced white onions, and topped with the oh so delicious cheddar cheese. This was truly heaven in my mouth. Oh, did I mention I don't eat red meat, and eating red meat is a rare, rare, rare occurrence. Lagunitas IPA- you won't regret it. A little on the hoppy side. Great service, great ambience, outdoor picnic style tables outside. This place is always packed, so be patient. It's definitely worth the wait.
I came here for lunch after a friend told me about the chicken and waffles.  This place did not disappoint. The chicken was not greasy at all and the batter was light and flakey. The Siracha maple syrup was a perfect compliment to the combo. They also have a nice variety of beer and their menu items support our local farmers, economies, etc which is nice. The place is tiny. There's the bar and about 5 or 6 small tables but its staff is so welcoming and warm. We had the pleasure of being waited on by "Z".  She was very helpful and knowledgeable about the beers and the food. Down to Earth.  Looks like she enjoys her job. Will definitely recommend...have the chicken and waffles.
Awesome beer and food, had the best BLT. Place with hipster vibe and excellent local beer selection.
Holy shiiiiittttttt! Sorry for the profanity, but maaaaaan. The place is cool, they have freakin' Celebrator  on draft, the guacamole and the grilled cheese are beyond delicious and good lord: best chicken and waffles ever!!!! Then again I've never had chicken and waffles before, but if I did they would pale in comparison to these! Highly recommend it, y'all!
This place was incredible! Don't be fooled by the small venue with the tight quarters, because the ambiance and customer service of this place make up for it. Now on to the food. Is there a word better than amazing? I can't even begin to describe how delicious the food is. There was 4 of us that went to check out Kush and the food was so good, we all shared each other's entrée just to experience the impeccable taste. The price was very reasonable too! You have to, check that, you must go check this place out! I will leave you with one last note. You cannot leave this place without having a Kush brownie for dessert. You can thank me later! ;)
Good environment with a young crowd... However, it is a tight space that can get too cramped and loud... The food is pretty good; similar to their brother-restaurant, LoKal, they have a variety of burgers, sandwiches, and other apps... The service is not so great but since it is a nascent spot, the slowness is justified... This restaurant has potential but  is nothing special yet
We went on a Sat. There was a wait; this spot is super small but worth it. Great staff with great attitudes. Had the alligator bites which were banging. Get that. I also had the farm style chicken sandwich which was the BEST chicken sandwich I have ever had in my life. It's everything. I'm so serious. Our server recommended that I add bacon and get some garlic sauce on the side for dipping. Sweet Jesus.
We heard about this place from the guy siting next to us on the plane, and he was not one bit wrong about how great this place is. I had the lokal burger and it was delish! We also tried the fried chicken and waffles, which was one the best things I've ever had!! It's only a 15 min can ride from south beach, so if you get a chance - GO try this place!!
Great new restaurant in Wynwood. Seating is very limited inside but we went on a Monday at 7 and had no wait. Delicious and plentiful beers on tap, including local favorites from Wynwood Brewing and Funky Buddha. Monday night's have a 4$ pint special on anything local to Florida! Our waitress noted that all food is farm to table local and everything is house made, down to the ketchup. I ordered the Frita, a pressed burger with guava, bacon and matchstick potatoes and my husband got the Chicken and Waffles. Food was delicious, served hot and fast. We were very happy with our experience and loved the ambiance and music also. Will definitely be coming back!
A 20-30 min wait for your food but there ain't a better place to eat in the area. Especially if you have friends who are vegetarian.
So glad we went to kush today! Great service, cool people (went with my movie choice of mall rats-points) And super tasty food. Got the alligator bites,  the black bean burger and the Johnny Utah, all delicious, though I wouldn't mind more pastrami on the Johnny Utah. Those gator bites were wrapped in, like, funnel cake. Omg YES! Can't wait to try the rest of the menu. Only bummer was the Brownie. it was too cakey/not fudgey at all and I could hardly taste the bacon bits. Wtf. I did appreciate the mini "bag of greens" on the side though (it was chopped mint).
My boyfriend and I were looking for somewhere to eat quickly and always pass by this place. We actually had plans to go elsewhere but drove by and said it's now or never. Boyyyy are we glad we did!! We started off by sharing the grilled cheese and tomato soup appetizer. It wasn't my idea but I'm so glad I let my boyfriend choose because it was SOOOO good! The texture of the soup is not what you would think. This is not your grandmas tomato soup... It actually had texture and it was so filling! That grilled cheese sandwich is done on Rye bread and is exquisite!! For our main dish we were between burgers and decided to go with the Frita and were so glad we did!! The bacon was crispy just the way I like it, and it had just the right amount of guava. We split everything, yet we were so full we could not order any of the desserts on the menu, and that was a shame because they looked amazing! This was our first time here, but it definitely will not be the last! The reason for the 4 stars and not the 5.. 1. I want to visit again and make sure the food is consistent 2. Main reason for the 4 stars is the comfort of the chairs :( they are a bit small, but if you sit on the opposite side there is booth material and that was comfortable. So either snag the "booth" side or sit next to each other both on the booth side!
Kush by Lokal! First of all! Bad ass! Beers and food that will have you full as ever! I recommend the collier county! It's a grilled chicken sandwich  topped with honey mustard avacado arugula  and jack cheese on a wheat bun! 50/50 fry! Yum! Or if your not a local! I suggest you be brave and try the Gator! It's a great experience and fun one too! Definitely a Miami Hot Spot! Oh!!! and don't leave without trying a brownie and slice of key lime pie! Or else!
I got a burger when I came here and it was so delicious! My friend got Chicken and Waffles and said they were the best he ever tried! Really nice modern bar !
Had grilled cheese con tomato soupa and chicken and waffles and it was amazing. Would definitely come back. Great spot to visit but you better get there early  because it gets packed. Check out the instagram page @foodgasm_miami for pics of my meal and other foods that make you salivate.
Love this place! Has great beer and food. Excellent selection of craft beers. Go at least 2-3 times a week for lunch.
Great place with potential to become one of my favorites! The ambiance is super low key and comfortable, all kinds of music, 80's movies on a the tv, cute decor. Amazing artisanal beer selection both bottle and draft (local and international)... The food is insanely good, everything is locally sourced and prepared on site. The food is what we all like in a gastropub; fried, salty with fresh ingredients, generous portions and damn good! We ordered the hobo chilli which was delicious! As entrees I ordered the pastrami which was huge and delicious but our favorite item on the menu was without a doubt the kush and hash!! It's a delicious cheeseburger with smokey bacon, a hashbrown piled together on waffles instead of bread served with a side of maple syrup! OMG! the smoky flavor of the bacon, combined with the cheesiness of the melted cheddar and fluffy waffle then topped with warm sweet maple make unique combination that will make your taste buds go nuts!! I will definitely come back and recommend this place to all my friends.
Tried this place for the first time tonight & absolutely loved it! The service was one of the best ive experienced by far! All the waiters were so helpfull, letting us try different beers and recommending the best appetizers. Everything is local & very fresh. Its a small cozy place with a happy atmosphere!
Kush is one of those places you decide to try randomly on a Friday night, and are just blown away by! The food is awesome, I think their creative presentation is one of the BEST I've seen (like getting chilli served on a bed of Fritos ON a Fritos bag, or a brownie with a jar of milk and a tiny pot bag filled with... mint!). The food is tasty and made with care, as always by Lokal folks. Get the Hobo Fritos Pie, the Alligator bites and the Frita burger. Coming back soon to try the rest of the menu! Oh, and the beer... A craft experience! They've got their service down, too! Ask anyone of the staff, they will definitely help you with a smile, AND get your bill right! (Props to Lucho, Zenovia). Congrats on a great place! Keep it up!
I ordered a kush burger and a brownie. The burger was alright. It was really messy and kept coming apart in my hands. The sweet fries were good. I was expecting the brownie to be amazing but I was beyond disappointed. It was so moist to the extent that I question if it was even cooked thoroughly.. that's a major health Hazzard . They also forgot the bag of greens that comes with the brownie and didn't even offer the milk that it comes with. I paid what 6 bucks for this crap? Had to throw it out And they didn't even give me everything it's suppose to come with. I grew up in the food industry and owned my own business for some time and not completing a order is a big no no. My advice? Steer clear of this place
I went today for lunch, I ordered the Fritta Burger, it was delicious. I am not a burger lover but I lived this one. It comes with a side and I had the mushrooms also very good. The have a nice selection of local beers too. Will definitely return. Need to try!
Really dug this place.  Cool vibe and good food.  It's tiny so get ready to wait a bit, But of you get a decent spot, the food is worth it!!  Burgers are similar to the Lokal spot in the Grove.  Started with fried pickles and my fave the frito pie!!!  Pretty much chili mixed with Fritos served in a Fritos bag.  So yummy!!!!!  Had the Frita Burger and the Johnny Utah.  The Johnny Utah was the winner of the afternoon amongst the crowd.  Sweet potato fries and regular fries on the side completed our yummy lunch!!!!  Great place, with great beer selection and good burgers.  Sounds like a plan to me!
"...people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel."  Benjamin is a true gem!  I have realized how restaurants can have amazing food, drinks, decor, etc., but the heart of any organization is in the service - the eye contact, the engaging conversation, the warmth that is given when someone says, "take your time," and truly means it.  Yes, Kush has an amazing beer list, a reuben that will rock your pastrami socks off, and a gator appetizer that had us in reptilian heaven, but the staff ... that's what makes this place shiny and sparkly!  Thank you my dear friend, Torrence, for recommending this neighborhood jewel.  And thank you Kush for  serving it up again this evening and for not rushing us out the door - as we looked around and realized we were the last ones in the restaurant!   You'd be a fool not to visit this cozy place while in Wynwood!  Run, don't walk, to this little piece of heaven!
Loved it! I'd been dying to try this place because its sister, Lokal in the Grove, is one of my absolute favorite go-to places for a casual meal/apps/drinks. I'd been to almost every other bar and restaurant in the area before trying this one (and they're all really good), but Kush will definitely be on my short list of great places. The best part about this place is that they brought over some of my favorite Lokal menu items (the fried alligator and the chicken and waffles--seriously the best in Miami), along with a much wider array of options (although Kush's menu doesn't include the grass fed beef carpaccio, another fave at Lokal). I'm not much of a burger person (maybe ruins my review), so I really appreciated the extra selection. The pastrami reuben is amazing--everything I ever wanted (note: the cole slaw isn't your typical mayo-based slaw, and is pink and awesomely spicy). We also really liked the platter that had the sausage and fried pickles, although, I have to admit that, in my opinion, the frickles aren't as good as the ones at the Local in the Gables (not to be confused with Lokal, in the Grove). My friend disagrees with me and thinks Kush has the better recipe, and was obsessed with the two dipping sauces offered. We went for a special Terrapin night that featured "rare" kegs and hard-to-find selections. We tried the Wake-n-Bake (which I posted a picture of--very generous amount)--which was AMAZINGLY good, the Monk's Revenge (a Belgian IPA aged in red wine barrels)--I would drink this over and over again, and the Midnight Monk--I know it's supposed to be great, but after the others, it felt like a typical IPA to me. They were decently pricy at 12 bucks for the first two and 8 for the third, but the first couple had 9.8% alcohol (intense) and were really worth the price because they were so interesting/delicious. It was a Monday night, and I'm told that on normal Monday nights everything on tap is 4 bucks. So, I'll prob be retuning on Mondays. Great vibe, super chill. I'm the furthest thing from a "hipster" and there were plenty of them there, but I still felt that the casual/foodie atmosphere very much suited me fine. We didn't have to wait very long to get a table, even though it was a very busy night. And while we waited, we didn't have any issues getting a beer quickly at the bar. The waitress was attentive enough, and we appreciated that we were not rushed--they didn't bring the check until we asked for it. Good service like that matters to me. Also, we had no issues finding a spot in the public parking lot just around the corner.
Ask for Lucho! He's the best and deserves a Medal of Honor. I left with a happy belly and a great buzz! Cheers! Xoxo
I am always searching for good burgers in Miami and I'm happy I found Kush. We ordered thw Frita and the Lokal burger, both amazing. The meat was the perfect amount of juicy and had a great flavor. It's a small place and wait time could be long. We came at 7 pm on a Saturday and waited for about 20 minutes, place got packed after 8pm.  But it's worth the wait! I will definitely be going  back soon!
Cool little spot. Perfect remedy for a hangover. We had the fried pickles and pork sausage and it was really amazing. Fried anything is fabulous. We then split a Johnny Utah burger and the chicken and waffles. The perfect sweet and savory combo. We finished it off with their brownie and greens with cold milk. And then we napped...hard. Coming back for sure.
Really good food and great beer selection with many on tap.  Parking is somewhat an issue and this place is literally on the edge of town (Wynwood).  Cool decor. Check it out!
i think this place is 3.5  but because I liked the beers, gave 4 stars.  It is a very tiny place with great beer selection. There is no doubt the beers are from finest breweries. I ordered the classic burger which came with fries. I think it was good but I some how was expecting much better based on the other reviews. Still i think the price is too steep. 2 beers and one burger $28 without tip. In summary, great beer, good burger ,good service, small location and $$$. but definitely going back for the beer selection.
I'd recommend the Johnny Utah, but I'm dying to get several other menu items. It's easily vegan friendly. Sides are all flavorful- asparagus is my favorite. There will absolutely be a beer on draft you'll love. They have quality... And variety of quality. It's always busy now, but worth it. Large portions, decent prices. First come first serve at the bar. A few picnic benches outside.
So having been to LoKal and ABSOLUTELY LOVING the grass-fed burgers there, I was curious to savor the same comfort cuisine as the Coconut Grove location. Well, as I walked in and waited for a friend, I listened to an OLD favorite Mano Negra song "Mala Vida" (perfect for Throwback Thursday) and I enjoyed the very laid-back New Orleans feel (not to mention the guacamole was fresh & yummy) and the decor was fun! Even though my friend was complaining about the chairs/seats, lack of space & had a little panic attack, our server was nice, attentive & gave me great suggestions about the IPAs I should try out. LOL You definitely have a returning customer!
My coworker and I went to Kush for lunch and my experience was absolutely delicious! We had the grilled cheese with tomato soup to start. I already knew we were in for a ride after trying that combo. Delicious! Whole grain bread with cheesy goodness inside + the tomato soup was perfect. I had the Frita burger which was also a dream but I couldn't finish it. It was huge! Plus, I had to save space for dessert. Chocolatey Nutty Salted Brownie with a cold glass of milk and a side of mint leaves. The perfect end to an amazing lunch. Who wants to go back to work after a meal like that! It was definitely worth every dime and I can't wait to return.
Yes, it's small and the seating sucks... BUT... Omg!!!! The farm style chicken sandwich is a mouthgasm. It's the most delicious sandwich! I believe it's made from the meat of unicorns. It must be. The beer selection is fantastic as well. And if you're a sweet potato fry lover, well, all I can say is you've found the Mecca. You're welcome.
This place is solid I like How the parking is easy. I wanted to try a few things on the menu other then salad that I got on my first visit. I started with the guacamole very good I like how they left it chunky. The salsa it came with was also really good $8. For my entree I got the chicken sandwich grilled with avocado and arugula $11 came with a choice of side. I went for the frie because last time I saw them comimg out and I had to try them. The food here is really good, and the service is just really nice and knowledgable surprising for Miami ! I don't drink beer but the beer menu looks amazing!
The Lokal boys are at it again. Came here on a Sunday afternoon in a mood for some burger and beers. Had the Johnny Utah. One word, OUTSTANDING. The pastrami blended amazingly with the burger, contrasted perfectly with the cheese and the buns were the perfect match for this burger. Not to mention the awesome selection of brews. Huge fan of Lokal. Add to Kush to the list. Can't wait to be back.
Believe the hype, y'all. Kush is the real deal. Best beer menu I've seen in pretty much all of South Florida (craft beer has taken much longer to become a thing here as opposed to many cities up north) coupled with an outstanding menu sourcing local ingredients. Really laid back vibe, great tunes, and cool people - something not often accomplished in Miami. Can't really ask for much more.
A great local spot to relax, have a cold beer, and enjoy great food: Gator bites- the best gator I've had; the pieces were large with a light breading which allows you to truly enjoy the meat Boss Hogg sandwich- sandwich was a perfect size with an excellent blend/proportion of ingredients: pork sausages, sautéed asparagus topped with melted jack cheese, spicy slaw and kosher mustard Roasted peppers as a side- great change of pace from fries. The peppers were cooked to perfection and seasoned very well.
The beer choices were phenomenal.. Loved each one I tried. The food was good, had a sausage appetizer, the lokal burger (sweet potatoes fries are a must!) and the key lime pie. Our waiter was wonderful, very friendly and knowledgeable of the different beers and had great suggestions. Music, decor and ambiance were good too. The only reason this place doesn't get a 5 star rating is the fact that there's not a lot of place to sit, so you can't come here when you're hungry and expect to sit right away, unless it's empty of course, so just come here expecting to grab a beer first and stand around a bit before a seating spot opens up.
Went for a casual dinner out with my boyfriend. Was particularly excited about the chicken and waffles. Was disappointed when the waiter told me the waffle iron was down. To my surprise, he came back 5mins later to inform me that they were able to fix it. My boyfriend had the Johnny Utah burger. We split everything and shared family style. The burger was one of the best I've EVER had. Chicken and waffles were slightly different from the classic,  but delicious to say the least. Great ambiance, AMAZING food. Definitely  will be frequenting thing local get in the very near future.
The food, great.  The music, great.  The only thing better is the service and the clientele. It was really busy but did not feel crowded (I know they arrived the impossible) Everyone was super cool, friendly and just a pleasure to be around, in general. Did I mention the beer selection???  Holy imperial Russian stout batman!!! But don't take my word for it....
Small on space BIG ON CRAFT BEER AND RIDICULOUS BURGERS. Can't seem to be bothered to order a burger anywhere else. I religiously rotate through the burger lineup. The honey mustard sauce is a must have.
Great bean burger.  Asparagus is super yummy as is the spicy coleslaw.   Fantastic and authentic beer selection.  This is my kind of locals joint.  The owner REALLY knows how to hire staff.   Friendly, knowledgeable and focused on service.  This place rocks.  Great great vibe!!
great alligators bites! very yummy home made sauces!!! great place for locals...be back soooonn.
Chicken and waffles and Veggie burger were great!! Service was just O.k!! Nice craft beer selection.overall good food,good value for the Money.
Wow, this place is amazing!!! It was hyped by a number of local blogs and food reviews, and it absolutely lived up to it. The patties are juicy and flavorful without being too greasy, the toppings are inspired and delicious (guava jelly!?), and the buns are toasted to perfection. We also started off with gator bites, which were amazing and came with a succulent garlic mayo. And of course, we washed it down with local Florida beers. I'm so glad the beer scene in Florida is finally burgeoning, and Wynwood/Midtown are a big part of that in Miami. There's a lot of unique and tasty brews coming out, and this is one of the best places to enjoy them.
The food is yummy! Really enjoyed the spicy slaw. Last night I had the chicken sandwich and it was really really tasty. The Keylime pie is great. And the staff are friendly and helpful. Love the Keylime pie. Oh and my review would not be complete without a word about the beer. I ordered the banana bread beer and the hint of nutmeg was delicious .
This is our neighborhood place! Everything is delicious, so many yummy beers, great, friendly staff! It's all about the sausage. My only issues are the annoying/confusing parking situation, and the seating isn't the most comfortable thing in the world. Totally worth it, though! I was there opening night and have been back repeatedly. The delicious food and beer and friendly staff make this place what it is - a happy, casual unique eatery, one of those spots that becomes yours. Well, not yours, MINE.
I'm probably not the ideal demographic for this place, and I hate to say I wasn't impressed. I'm a fan of the Lokal, so I had high expectations for their sister restaurant. Admittedly, I don't really love beer (although the Banana Bread beer is a delicious choice for all my fellow plebeians who don't know the difference between an IPA and a stout). I don't really love feeling crowded (and it's pretty hard not to feel that way on a Saturday night in a restaurant that - literally - has five four-person tables). And I also don't really love the whole Hipster-ificiation of the Lokal. It's the same food with better beer ... but, a more grungy atmosphere suited to the Wynwood scene with cheap, low metal stools, picnic benches and lots of exposed cement. It was sticky and hot inside, there were flies, seating was uncomfortable at best, and the decor was nothing to write home about; so I think next time I'll just stick with the Lokal. Like I said ... same food ... better atmosphere.
Ambiance and decor was totally on point. Service was great for a grand opening. The craft beer selection is fucking out of this world. Had a Wynwood IPA and a Fat Head's Head Hunter, beer cold & glasses clean! Ordered Homestead Guac, Abe Froman Sausages, Hobo Frito Pie and of course a side of BACON... all the bomb. The female bathroom's set up is very cute too ;) OVERALL AWESOME SPOT. -TPK
Went here last Friday with coworkers. Awesome place!  The restaurant is extremely small so don't be surprised if you end up eating outside, as we did. The service was great! Our server was very nice and upbeat. I got the Frita burger - yummmmm! I definitely recommend it. I'll definitely go back here to try other burgers.
Although I have not had a chance to try this restaurant, after posting a review regarding parking on the street.  The owner was very nice and contacted me to inform me they do not have valet by their restaurant. So based on the amazing customer service I would say I'm sure the food I a amazing!
No. I'm sorry to all the foodies and trendy folk, but no. I could not enjoy this place. I came here after a friend suggested it as a lunch spot. I've heard a few people talk about it and thought I'd give it a chance. I walked in with two other guests and thought there was no way this was the right place. It was tiny. There's 5 tables and about a dozen bar spots.  The guy sitting at the next table was, literally, less than a foot away from me. The tables were practically Fisher Price height. Coming in at 5'5", I'm no giant. The tabletop hit just above my knees, and there was zero way for me to be comfortable. I was hunched over for the most part (the mini stools didn't have a back rest). After about twenty minutes, my back was in so much pain I couldn't focus on anything else. Our group tried to have a conversation but we were just shouting at each other and repeating ourselves constantly. I gave up and decided to reserve conversation until we got back in the car. Seriously, it shouldn't be that difficult to talk to someone AT LUNCH. Especially if it's not a club! With less than 20 people there, I felt incredibly claustrophobic. Not an issue I normally have at restaurants or bars. The food was good, but not good enough to make up for the experience or make me eager to come back. Honestly, I think the only way I would have enjoyed Kush would have been if I came alone and sat at the bar.
Order the fried chicken sandwich with fries. A+ the honey mustard and ketchup are homemade and have lots of flavor. The food fresh and delivered fast. Kush has a great laid back cube with good bar food. This place can be as casual as you want or dinner or drinks before or after a show at the Arena . I will be back !
Now if only the food was good as it sounded on the menu!!  Great vibe though. Neighborhood is a bit sketch and the service is a bit stale. So, if you want a great selection of craft beer but average tasting but fun sounding food then this is your place.
Before getting there I called and asked if there was a wait time and if children were allowed due to the fact that it was 10:30pm.I was told that no there is no wait and yes children are allowed,but not around the bar,upon arrival,it was getting ready to rain,we go inside and are told that they have a short wait time,this place was very,very,very small and loud,due to the rain most guest decided to stay longer at there tables that they were having dinner at and the 2 tables outside came inside because it started storming.......it became very crowded in there,after 50minutes we get seated.we ordered the kush and hash and the chicken and waffles.food was amazing they get 5 stars for that,service was ok they get 3 stars for that and the place was tiny and a bit uncomfortable,they get 2 stars for that.
After spending time at another local hangout, our friends mentioned Kush and thier local craft beers and great food. We rode over; although, the place is really small, we were able to get a table (if that's what if was called) and were greeted by our server Lucho. Kick ass name for such a cool guy. The menus were printed on lunch size paper bags, which I thought was pretty cool and earth friendly. After reviewing the menu, everything I read seemed amazingly delicious. The simple but wide variety of foods was interestingly different. The best part of Kush, they only buy food grown in Florida and everything is homemade, right down to their ketchup. Their soda pop is from Mexico and when I asked why, it made sense. They don't buy the coke bottled in the US because it's made with high fructose syrup, so it would be against their mission of providing the best of quality food and drink. Since we were all pretty famished, we each ordered our meal. The popular choice at our table was the the classic burger, only difference, they each substitute the bread bun (branded with their Kush signature) for a Belgium waffle. That's right a Belgium waffle burger. My partner topped his off with a fresh fried egg. My choice was the chicken and waffles with warm homemade maple syrup (still trying to figure that one out). The chicken pieces were well-seasoned, not greasy at all, the Belgium waffles was topped with fresh bacon bits with.a side of whip cream; by the way, cream was heavenly. This plate had distinctive flavors each subtle to the palette. Nothing over powering. Each flavor came through each bit. It was for me the best meal I've had in a while. Our group cannot wait to go back and try the other enticing items in the menu; especially the fresh alligator meat, brought it from North Florida and never frozen. Also looking forward to the Miami Brewery Bus tour. So check this place out and enjoy some incredible dishes for for a king or queen.
Kush equals "kool". First time here and only had drinks because we just ate but the vibe is great. The service and staff are awesome as is the decor. They have a solid tap selection even though I would like to see them get a cask beer in to notch up the level. The food coming out of the kitchen looked good. I will be trying it next time I am there. You gotta check the place out.
Cool little place off the outskirts of wynwood from the same people who brought you lokal in the grove. We had a couple beers from their awesome craft list that are extremely hard to find at any other place that were awesome. The gator bites for our appetizer were fried in a delicious light batter with two dipping sauces that were delicious! Huuuuuge portion too. Our lokal  burger was cooked a perfect medium and seasoned just right so you still taste that delicious beef. Service was great, staff is super friendly. Only con is the seating arrangement is very small and confusing and basically sucks..  but it wont stop me from going back for more!
Great burgers, everything has a lot of flavor, only complaint is the brownies are always really dry. Big disappointment for such a great place. There tomato soup and grill cheese is delicious
Easily one of the best burgers I've had in a really long time! The atmosphere is cool, there are hipsters (I'm not a hipster, but I love the vibe) everywhere, and the beer selection is really impressive. The only knock on this place is that inside is very small. Seating is going to be limited and your personal space is at jeopardy. Having said that, I managed to land a spot at the bar on a busy night and had a great meal and a couple really good beers.
Updated my review as promised.. The chicken and waffles, reheated at that, we're AMAZING!
What's her face is this server here and she's cool.  Food tastes great. Hobo Frito Pie is a must. Gets packed quickly and easily. You probably shouldn't be on a diet when you come here.
This place, although a little small, was absolutely great. The service was awesome and the food even better. We had alligator bites as an appetizer, i had the lokal burger with spicy slaw and a cream soda, my gf had the collier county chicken sandwich with grilled(?) mushrooms and a blood orange beer. Everything tasted fresh! The menu shows where the food is coming from and a lot of it is local so that's pretty neat. They also have an interesting variety of beers. Some I've never even heard of. Anyway, I'd definitely recommend this place.
ok. This place is AMAZIIIINGGGG. Is it a little hipster? def. But they have an amzaaaazing beer list and effing fantastic food so I don't care. The ONLY thing I'd change is the space, bc it can be a in little tight, but I still don't even care. I LOVE THIS PLACE. I've been twice and  I wont lie, I had the same exact things, bc they were so awesome. When you go you must absolutely have the gator bites. I've also had the grilled cheese with tomato soup. Do not share it with anyone. Have one entirely for yourself. As far as the burgers.... THE FRITA BURGER is where its at. This thing is LEGIT. It comes with guava jelly (I HATE GUAVA), Gruyere cheese, and bacon. And it is one of the most delicious things you will ever have. As mentioned, besides the food, you have to do the beer. They always rotate them (you'll see it on the chalkboard) and then they have the "secret" menu which might be overlooked but ask about it! So disregard the fact that its in the middle of the hood and you might cross paths with a homeless person who's on drugs. The food and beer will be well worth it!
The food here is absolutely amazing!!!! I'm a picky eater, we tried the alligator bites and boy were they amazinggggg!!!!!! We also had the chicken and waffles and they were also scrumptious. I had the key like pie for desert and it was one of the best key like pies I've ever had. It is a definite must try!
Absolutely delicious burgers. We had the Frita burger and the Kush Hash burger. The burgers and beers were fantastic. The service was efficient and had great suggestions. There was a bit of a wait since it is a small venue. However, it was definitely worth it and we only had to wait 15 minutes. I cannot wait to other menu items.
This is a great locally sourced food restaurant. The Frito pie was awesome. The burger was good. Nice menu. I can't wait to try more. The chairs are not comfortable at all. It's like sitting on a stump. Great service.
Where do I start?  Ok from the beginning.  I have passed by this little gem many times on my N. Miami Ave sightseeing.  Just south of the tracks on the "korner" lies this quaint but homey establishment.  Upon walk-in I felt that the vibe (patrons included) helped gel the mood. Theres not much space inside, as its smaller than 500 sq ft total, but if fit.  Small barstool type chairs accompanied by metal tables is what you find here.  Local art, murals paying homage to "lokals" was featured, which is a plus.  The menu was printed on "brown paper bag", a throwback to my school lunch days--that was a worth a star in itself.  Kush prides itself in farm to table food.  I really enjoy a place that takes full advantage of local produce and this shows in its quality.   The server was a down to earth guy in his early 30's and VERY knowledgeable on the cuisine, preparation and especially the beer selection.  Upon breaking our heads over which starter to being with, it was recommended that we start with "Homestead Guacamole".   Wow..excellent decision.  Locally sourced avocados, fresh prepared mix and best of all, fresh chips.  I hate going to a place that serves semi-stale chips (chiploe??).  As far as beer, we ordered a special Uinta Dubhe, which went down really well.  Now on to the main course. (Please keep in mind it didnt take long at all to cook and the place was fairly packed). I opted for the Classic, and what a classic it was.  The meat was fresh, seasoned to perfection, cooked to a pink hue and as soft as butter.  The burger is not fancy, but fresh, which is key to the right burger.   It melted in my mouth with every savory bite, mustard fusing with the meat providing my palate with a tingly sensation.  I opted for a plate of "mixed fries" which is half regular shoe string salt fries and half sweet potato fries..wow..wait..wow..!  Now for the 2nd entree my wife had.  She opted for the "Collier County Chicken Sandwich"..as far as chicken sandwiches go, this is the where the chicken sandwich became a CEO and retired to die.  Amazing.  I have never eaten a chicken sandwich with as soft of a meat (reminded me of a Mahi fish softness).  Every ingredient complimented it really well.  It made me put down my burger and savor the freshness for a few seconds.  Waiter came by several times to pat me on the back as i was basking in culinary heaven.   Although we didnt pig out by todays glutenous standards, we were stuffed but haad to..and I mean haad to order a desert (even if it meant taking a small piece and boxing the rest).  We opted for the key-lime pie.  Now, key-lime pie can be VERY tricky.  Most "well touted" key-lime establishments get it wrong.  Damn you LOKAL!!! Why must they excel in every facet of your offerings??  The graham-cracker crust was solid, the key-lime mixture was tangy but sweet and the added whipped cream made it irresistible.  We only had 2 bites before I said, forget it, I need this in about 3 hours, taking 2 hours to nap by default!  In all, I my check came and I was surprised it was less than $60 for appetizers, 3 drinks, 2 entrees and dessert!  I gave the server a large tip for being down to earth and cool, exited the establishment and died on the way home.  I woke up 2 hours later and didnt eat the key-lime till 8pm last night!! Pure Bliss!!!!
I came here for lunch, but I think this is more of a place to have drink, and socialize.
What a great tiny little GEM, awesome craft Beers, great service & cool concept. We went for after dinner drinks on a Saturday night & were able to get bar stools to seat at. The waitress was SUPER FRIENDLY & PATIENT, while we decided what beers to order & she had great knowledge about the beers they offered to recommend a few beers. Will for sure be coming back!!!!
This place is as cool and hip as it gets! Went for an early dinner on a Sunday afternoon with the hubby. We started off with some craft beers the server helped us pick based on the type of beers we normally like. His picks were on point!! Next we shared some  Alligator bites and WOW...best we've ever had so tasty! For dinner the hubby went with the Johnny Utah burger and I went with the Frita burger along with sides of asparagus and sweet fries. Highly recommend both one of the best burgers so delicious we left nothing on our plates. As for dessert you we couldn't decided so got both the Kush Brownie (loved the presentation) and the Key Lime Pie. Key lime pie is where it's AT....Yumminess in each bite. We can't wait to come back to this local gem!
They have the best burger I've ever eaten!!! I was sick when I went so that dampened my experience. Still, the service was good, and the bartender was pretty and helpful. :)
Wow. Chicken and waffles have a standard and that is Roscoe's House of Chicken and Waffles on Pico in L.A. This places takes the crown. The boneless chicken breast is fried to perfection and hardly greasy. The syrup has a special kick - Sriracha sauce - and that - along with the bacon bits on the waffles with powdered sugar, make this a winner. The beer selection is good and it's local. But the burgers ... The best. Tasty, made to perfection. But also try the SOPA de Tomate, and stay clear of the standard guacamole.
I'm giving them 4 stars because of their sitting arrangement, tables are to low, like for coffee not for eating, also very few... But their food is pretty good, great hamburgers, beers and bomb browny
After reading all the reviews i felt this was a smart and obvious choice to try. I will start with the positives: keylime pie, beer selection and staff. For the negatives: super small, the tables are poorly designed and i was very uncomfortable. If youre taller then 5'3 i recommend sitting at the bar. The burgers were over cooked and nothing special. Its great that their local ingredients but for the price and hype i felt it should have been reflected in each bite. The brownie is COMPLETELY over rated. It was dry and weird. Oh and EVERYTHING is drenched in honey mustard...
I love kush!! This small hole in the wall is reminiscent of a movie scene. We sat & had a very down to earth owner take our order and talk to us about the variety on the menu. We enjoyed the beer, sausage, chili, and the very best chicken & waffles ever!! Not to mention the generous portion of key lime pie that is nothing less that spectacular. Mmmmm. Don't let location fool you, we had a table next to area police officers looking for a good meal.. No doughnuts here : )  Kush brownies available only!
I had the chicken and waffles and a few bites of my son's burger.  Both were great.  The chicken and waffles were so good, so fresh tasting that I dare say they rival Roscoe's.  And no stomache ache afterward either! Except for the uncomfortable seating, I am a fan!
In love with this place, definitely the place I'll be going several times. Food on point, beer phenomenal love it! Definitely going back. Gator bites are a must
Best burgers in Miami!!!! All local ingredients!! Amazing craft beer selection!!!! Tucked away in Wynwood!! A must if your in town!! Homemade Key lime pie to die for!!
This place used to be occupied by a dingy bar, and is on the border between overtown and wynwood.  I just noticed this place had opened since I live close by.   Overall experience: very good.  We went for lunch when it wasn't as busy.  The food is supposed to be locally sourced.  Small overall space, probably would be cramped if its busy but luckily we had some seats.  Tables are low which is fine, unless you're super tall.   Ordered the Lokal Burger, solid burger with the option for sweet potato fries.   Service was excellent as well.   Would definitely go back for lunch.  Didn't get to try the beers but it looks promising.
Seating is not great but their burgers are! Could be the best burger I have had in years!!  This place is a must try!
Very good food with probably the best selection of craft beer in Miami. Some great new burgers and sandwiches which are not offered at Lokal. I tried the Hash and Kush which is a fried egg, hash, a cheese burger, and bacon served on two belgian waffles. Like the Frita at Lokal, a burger with guava and gruyere, the Hash and Kush is a burger with toppings that don't seem conventional but is surprisingly good and tasty. The bar is very small and compact so the noise level is high at times. None the less it is still a great place to grab a drink, and if you happen to be hungry as well there are some great items on the menu to eat. The decor of the restaurant is great and features some great pieces of art. Very convenient is the window that connects the bar to the outside, so if you want to you can grab a drink outside on the sidewalk.
Love the Kush! Come here for mainly beer, as their tap options are quite unique and tasty. I often frequent the Lokal in the Grove and similarly, I enjoy the food options (although I have to be honest, I think they're a little smaller here)... It doesn't matter, I like the ambiance and beer above all, the gator strips are solid and my husband loves the new BLT.
Loved everything!! Good beer selection. Great local boar sausage appetizers, chicken and waffles and Lokal burger both delicious!! Definitely check this place out! Cute and artsy vibe... Service was very friendly and the food was quick and scrumptious. Yum!!
I love the Lokal in Coconut Grove, and Kush definitely holds to the same high standards of fresh made food with local ingredients.  I had the BLT with Spicy Slaw and my husband ordered the Black Bean Burger.  My food was delicious, and my husband says that was one of the best vegetarian burgers he has had.  The bar has a great craft beer selection and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable about the beers.  As other reviewers have said, the space is small, but for us even when it got busy we didn't feel crowded.  I could see how it could be frustrating if you had to wait for a table though...with the small space it could be a bit of a wait.  The music was a nice and chill and the place definitely keeps with the Wynwood vibe without being quite as "hipster" as some of the other places nearby.
Very small place . The customer service is excellent and the food is great . All fresh food . The only thing I would suggest is to get better chairs. The stools at the bar are very uncomfortable . I would of probably purchased more beer but I couldn't sit there anymore .
The Lokal burger is so amazing! The service is so personal and the beer selection is so exclusive. I will be coming back. :)
The food was good  I loved my sausage sandwich with spicy cole slaw but my husband thought his burger was mediocre. The beer menu was great with a good variety if beers you can't find in many places. It's a good spot for a quick lunch and some drinks with friend after work.
Hell yeah Kush!  This place is special. Yes, it's small. Who cares?  We found a few seats at the bar and were quickly greeted by a friendly bartender/server. She gave us some advice on the beers that were available on tap and some of her favorites from the menu. This place is known for its beers. There is a special menu for serious beer people who know their beer like I know my wine . We got a nice ipa that I forget the name of now!  Victory? Victoria?  I don't know!  But it was good. Then. The chicken and waffles. Fantastic. The chicken and waffle are both crispy enough that the syrup does not make it mush. And that syrup is special. We also got the gator bites. That was the most tender alligator I have ever had. It was delicious and not over breaded crap like you get at many other places. It was delicate. So good. The Ambiance is really nice And there is lots of funky art to take in while you're there too. Love it.
This place is fantastic! The food was delicious and the staff was friendly. I had alligator (for the first time) as an appetizer and I loved it! It came seasoned with Old Bay and a neat looking presentation. The dipping sauce was really tasty as well. But the highlight of the meal was the CHICKEN AND WAFFLES! Wow. The taste was impeccable. It truly met my expectations as this is their signature dish. I will be back for more! The only negative was that the service was a little slow, but this was understandable given the high volume of business they had that day.
3.5 Star for food and 4 star when you add the cool hipster vibe and mexican coke/sprite and extensive beer collection. I got Johnny Utah burger it was very flavorful and good but not as big and juicy as I thought it would be considering its a Burger joint. The fries were commercial grade. Surprised they weren't  some sort of fresh potato or custom since the the menu is already limited.  The gator bites were good, but a little chewy. (If they made them smaller and fried them at a hotter temp shorter time problem solved) And if they add tator tots to the menu it would be a game changer!
Nice local spot... Good food ... Good beer... Wish it was bigger :( but it serves it's purpose ;)
Had a great experience here. I came for dessert and drinks. The setting is funky and cool a little small but they have a great vibe and craft beers! Probably wouldn't come for dinner but to hang out and drink is a must!
Perfect gem in an unexpected spot of wynwood.  The guacamole & chips are fresh & go great with beer.  The beer selection is wide.  I had the black bean burger. Its a generously good size & crispy delicious.  Must go for the chicken & waffles :)
Kush, Kush, Kush. You have a very special place in my heart. And no it is not because of your super mega cool name, it's because of everything else that comes packed into this tiny hole-in-the-wall restaurant. Kush is the kind of place that you dream about or think exists only in TV shows. My hubby and I tried to come here one Friday night (I say try because this place is small. . . Like 4 tables and a small bar small) and we had no luck. However, hubby and I did not give up and the following day we headed over for Saturday lunch. We arrived around 2pm and got the last spot at the bar that was free (it quickly filled up even more). They have a great selection of craft beers and even some special reserve bottles that we haven't seen anywhere else, not even World of Beer. I had fun sampling beers (thanks to the friendly staff and their suggestions) before making my pick and then the fun began, the food! Hubby ordered the chicken and waffles (EPIC) and I had the chicken sandwich (also delish). We would have saved room for desert but we were stuffed. Not only did we love our meal but the following Saturday I went back AGAIN to show my sister my new favorite spot. We had the Hobo Frito Pie which is a bag of Fritos which has been opened up and they pour chilli, dices onions and cheese all over it. Yeah, I would've bathed in it if I was allowed, it was THAT good! We also shared the Kush burger which is not for the faint of heart. The Kush burger is a meat pattie, fried egg on top and served on... Wait for it... Two waffle triangles! Yes! A burger on waffle "buns"! Don't even second think it, just pour that maple syrup on top and dig in!!!! The food is great, the staff is even better and I can't wait to go back! I'm just waiting for my next date night out with the hubby.
Food was delicious! I loved the chicken and waffles! The burger with pastrami is also delicious! They also had a long list of craft beers. The waiters were all extremely friendly and sweet despite the packed environment, there is a parking lot right across from it which makes parking close by easy. Overall, I definitely hope to come back here again!
Why in the hell was this some of the best food ever!!!!!!  I had chicken n waffles and I dont think Roscoes was even that good! lol  Then I had this Kush Brownie and it had sea salt on it and came with milk.  I was in heaven :)
They have a large selection of beers on tap... And their gator tail is the shizzle...
I like the place more than I dislike it but please stay away from the Guacamole, if you have guacamole in your menu please make sure you are making it fresh especially if you are charging $8 for it. Aside from that the Alligator bites and the Boar sausage were absolutely delicious.
Almost better than Lokal! I've been here three times now and I'm kinda torn... 1 out of the 3 times I went the food was not good at all, it had no flavor but on the other hand the other 2 times it was amazing! It's small so if your going to eat I don't recommend to do so on the wknd bc it's ridiculously packed and I'm thinking that's why the food lacked.
Don't be fooled by the location. Great selection of craft beers. Fantastic food just like their sister restaurant Lokal with some additional offerings. Servers are very knowledgable about everything on the menu.  Good vibe with eclectic mix of music.
The selection of beer here is excellent, the staff is very knowledgable and go out of their way to make sure I have a great experience. The food, however is lacking in vegetarian/vegan options. All I can really eat there is the black bean burger, which is delicious, but I'd like to have more of a variety. I know they have a veggie meatball dish but the tomato soup they put it in is NOT veggie friendly. I made the mistake of ordering it and then being told they put beef broth in it. Whoever is in charge of that....vegetarians/vegans will not eat it because it has BEEF BROTH and meat eaters won't eat it because it doesn't have MEAT....think about it. Anyway, I definitely recommend this place to any beer aficionado or someone who enjoys some delicious treats. The cooks know what they're doing but PLEASE get more veggie options. I promise you will have more guests coming in.
Almost didn't go in because from the outside, it almost looks like it's closed. That would've been a huge mistake. This place is great. Asked the friendly bartender to recommend an IPA and it was some of the best I've ever had. Had a huge burger with pastrami, my GF had the chicken & waffles. Both were amazing and we could've probably shared one entree. Definitely go!
Finally got around to checking out Kush..it seemed appropriate on 4/20. The place IS small as I've read from other reviews, but I actually love the fact that it's small. We sat at the bar and split the grilled cheese and tomato soup. Yum, yum, yum!! The tomato soup was amazingggg! Chunky, with substance unlike the majority of places make it. You can tell that it's fresh. Nice selection of beer!! Just enough & not overwhelming of a selection. The bartender was great! He was really helpful as we were ordering. Def will be back..I gotta try the chicken and waffles! Looked delicious but BIG!!!!
This is one of those hide aways you would never know was there. I went for the first time yesterday and I am glad I used the GPS because had I just drove by it, I surely would have missed it. There is a "Kush" sign printed to the wall but it is easy to miss if you are not looking for it. It's not your typical Miami eatery as in there are no big windows where you can see people inside chewy on a big ol burger and no little table and chairs outside so you can people watch. The door was blacked out and the windows looked like they had bars on them. (The area is a little shady), so I actually thought it was closed but I got a spot right up front and when I noticed people going in and put, I knew it was open. My friend and I went in and it was a small space, maybe 800 sf with about 5 small "tables" (basically 4x4 sitting on top of beer kegs) and chairs. A small bar and a few staff. I really liked the look inside. It had a New York style burger joint to it, always something I enjoy. The music was not loud but loud enough to hear it. The staff was really friendly and explained the menu, gave us some beer and relaxed till out food arrived which was prompt. When we got there, there was only one or two people there but before we left, it was a full house. If you are a beer lover, this is a great place, they have drafts and custom ales and many to choose from. The food was good. I had the farm chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries, chicken was juicy and hefty portions. Not overly expensive. I will def visit this place again. I'd be interested in seeing how it is there on a weekend night.
It's located right at the beginning of wynwood, the neighborhood is questionable but don't let that discourage you. Service is friendly enough, not the grandest though. They carry some local brews and have a farm to table approach. It is very hipster chic. My husband had a burger with waffles, eggs and bacon which he loved and he is usually picky about food. I had the black bean burger which lacked flavor and imagination. I would come back just for a beer and app and the ambience.
I ordered chicken and waffles for pick up. Was ready very quickly (they weren't super busy) and although I wanted to take a picture of my food....I inhaled it before I had time to. yum!!!!
The yeyo salad was great, the bits of bacon gives a good taste and the dressing was light but very tasteful!!
Not too many options for the pescatarians but can't knock the blackbean burger at all. Sweet potatoe fries that accompanied my burger were quite tasty, crunchy and a nice portion too. My friend had the spicy slaw which I loved the fact it was vinegar based, packed a nice little kick and not soggy at all.  The beer selection for craft lovers is great as well. Wish they had a fish sandwich like at Lokal, but congrats for the new location. Was a nice new addition to the wynwood area
Great beer selection, great food and great vibe.   Will definitely be back.   That brownie was amazing!
A little gem in a strange part of Miami, stumbled into this place while exploring the street art of Wynwood, well worth a look, great selection of craft beers, friendly service, food menu is bar staples done well.
IF YOU HAVEN'T BEEN TO KUSH--CHANGE THAT. Literally the best "hole in the wall" restaurant in all of Miami. Went here for Burgers and Beer with my friends and had THE best experience. Probably the best burger I've ever had. Just know it is a very small place--probably only space for about 20 people or so to sit. Something to think about if you are going at a peak hour.
Much like it's brother (lokal) this hidden gem offers delicious high quality burgers and beer without the pretentious crowds.  Always come hungry and leave more than satisfied from here.
I absolutely loved Kush! It was delicious and we loved the ambiance, and everyone was very friendly! We had the guacamole and alligator bites for appetizer and chicken and waffles! For someone who isn't as big a beer fan as my husband, the wine was just as good!
I liked it. The whole weed theme was kinda over the top but the food is good. Be aware that the place is tiny and there are about 4 tables.
This is the little gem of Wynwood.  Try to sit at the bar.  The bartenders are friendly will give you lots of suggestions of their "rotating beer".  Must try their waffle and chicken! The atmosphere is hip and casual.
Love this little place; especially after knowing what it was like before. All the employees are great, fun to talk to, and make the experience even better. And now for the food.... YUMMY I have had the alligator bites, grilled chicken sandwich, and some of the blackbean burger, none of them were a disappointment! In the evening it gets crowded very easily, so it is not a place for groups : )
Great little place in a somewhat scary edge of Wynwood. Colorful people, great food at reasonable prices, big selection of craft beers and artsy decor. Very small but definitely  worth a try.
Chicken n waffles! Best god damn meal I've had in the south. Crispy bacon topped waffles with juicy fried boneless chicken wings. Added a side of the honey mustard mayo. BOOM!
Stopped by Kush for some Sunday grub and I couldn't have been happier with the food and service. I was excited to see grilled cheese & tomato soup on the menu as I am a firm believer that the combo is heavily neglected by restaurants; it was delicious and perfect for two (more cheese in the sandwich wouldn't have been a bad thing though.) As for entrees, I shared the chicken & waffles and the frita burger with sweet potato fries. Both were tasty but the burger completely won me over. The beer selection was also on point. I admit the locale was smaller than I anticipated, but that's not exactly a bad thing. Definitely a new favorite for me!
Really adorable place, and perfect location.  A bit small and menu hard to read, but excellent food and great vibe.  Welcome to MY hood Kush!
Stop by on Sunday an all i have to say its WOW !!! best Chicken  an waffles i have ever had & Grate beer on tap an the wait staff is on top of things keep up the good work an I'm sure to make this my Sunday lunch spot
Great burgers, Great Beer, Great People! Get Kush brownie for dessert and always Keep it Ku$h!
Good food, great beer. Small place, but good service and great ambiance. If you're looking for unique beer and some good food to go along with it, this place is great. It gets packed quickly though, so weekdays are probably best if you want a table. Bring the $$, it's worth it.
We were a group of 5.  Two of the 5 burgers had big hairs in them (looked like pubes).  They said the manager would come out, he never did.  They brought the bill and we complained that the food was bad and never got an answer about the hairs.  We had to get up and talk to 3 waiters to finally get to the manager and his excuse was that they have African-American cooks in the kitchen.  They finally took half off the bill.  This was a bad experience all around.  Ultimately the food was just ok.
This is a great place to eat in miami. The first plus is that there is not much around in so parking was easy. My boyfriend and I got there at 6:15 because you can't make reservations. When we got there the place was already packed because it's a tiny place. Not necessarily a bad thing but I wouldn't go in a group bigger than 6 at the max. The hostesses and servers were extremely friendly the whole time. When a beer I asked for wasn't in she offered to bring me multiple samples of other similar ones so I could pick one I liked. Great beer selection by the way that apparently constantly changes. I decided on the Frita burger and my bf got the special. A fried conch burger. He thought it was only okay, but a conch burger sounds strange anyway so I'm not surprised by his reaction. The Frita burger was amazing. The guava on top was the perfect sweet addition to a savory burger. The sweet potato fries are also perfection. We then finished with some key lime pie and both really enjoyed it. My bf claims it's not as good as in the keys but still  pretty delicious. I was pretty happy though. Definitely would go again.
I popped in on a Sunday afternoon to check out the beer selection. I ended up trying four different craft beers including an IPA which is new for me. I started with the frito chili which was so good and then ordered the fried chicken sandwich. The chicken was really juicy and the sauce was really tasty too. I ended up staying for about four hours because I met some nice people and we kept trying new beers. This is a cool little place to hang out.
Good service, good food.  The vegetarian burger was very tasty.  I will be back.
A couple of friends were really excited about kush opening up and so naturally we went to check it out. I gotta say that it wasn't at all what I was expecting. It's really small but seemed to have a lot of potential. I was excited to try the food because I'm not really a beer drinker. The food to be honest was good but nothing out of this world. Maybe its because I had such high expectations or maybe because I don't fully appreciate the extensive beer selection that they have, but it was kind of a letdown. I'm not opposed to going back, but it's kind of out of the way so I probably won't.
Stopped by late Saturday night and was surprised by the size of the bar, but don't let that fool you. This tiny place packs good food and beer. They offer a large variety of local beers. I had the grandpa joes pastrami sandwich with half and half fries (potato and sweet potato). I really enjoyed the ambience and the employees are really friendly. I will definitely go back.
Amazing environment, great and knowledgeable staff, great craft beer selection, and food is great... only problem was that I was too full to try it all in one sitting. Maybe next time I'm in Miami.
This place has amazing service and the food is amazing!!! The staff is very friendly and food was so good. Try the gator tails! You will love this place and the atmosphere will make you want to come back again! Great location and cool hot spot to hang out with friends and family.
Everything you love about Lokal but now in Wynwood. The beer list is incredible and the food is on point. While I wish it was larger, I like that it has that hole in the wall feel and feels very casual, not pretentious at all. We had the Abe Froman's sausages which are actually wile boar and they were tasty, it's great to share. The Florida Alligator bites seem more like a fried alligator salad because they are on a bed of mixed greens - it doesn't say that on the menu but now that I know I would order that if I want something filling with less carbs as an entree. On to the main event, the beer - I had a Tart of Darkness which is a sour stout, my new fav! Definitely different. My husband is a Cigar City Brewing fan so he went with the Hotter than Helles, which is great if you want a lighter ale. We stuck around for a while and the people next to me were raving about the tomato soup so I had to get it - and so glad I did. The Grilled Cheese and Sopa de Tomate was amazing! My husband had the Kush and Hash burger - it was amazing, waffle bun, maple syrup on the side and a delicious 100% grass-fed burger. Overall, it's a great spot if you're a craft beer lover and want a delicious burger.
Awesome beer. Awesome. Not cheap - but they don't claim it to be. I went in on a Sunday at about 6:30 and I was in the mood for a good beer and burger. I ended up gulping down my beer like a thirsty frat boy and getting the hell out of there. There was no seating -  the few seats they had were full - full of obnoxious, loud, overexcited people. I wasn't able to have a decent conversation - much less enjoy a meal there. I probably won't return. Sigh.
I have to say that opening day at a Kush establishment is a newly founded tradition for me.  When I reviewed Lokal on opening day 12/24 my only complaint was the salsa.  They quickly revised that and I made sure Kush version 2014 was following the Lokal tradition.  I'm glad to say, the guacamole n salsa are the same as the Grove. I also figured I couldn't honestly review Kush without trying something totally new so I went for the Abe Froman sausage app as my meal.  It was taste bud heaven.  I'm not sure if it was the boar sausage or the spicy slaw or the red homemade mustard (with an Indian zing to it) but it was perfect.  The beer selection is also top notch (specially with one of my faves Six Point Resin) on hand. My friend had the grilled cheese and tomato soup (also to try something new) and she loved it (except for the rye which she just doesn't like but didn't notice as the bread option). She said it is infinitely better than the tomato soup at Yard House (and she wasn't influenced by alcohol at all!) I'm sure Kush will be welcomed with open arms to the Wynwood family.  I'm biased to Wood Tavern for many reasons BUT Kush will be painstakingly be seeing me as a regular (and putting up with my two cents' worth) I'm sure.  I loved it so much I may just stop by tonight before an event at Gusman downtown!!
Not your typical beer joint. Beer lovers and connasouirs alike can rejoice at Kush! But if you're not into beer, don't fret its worth the trip just for the food alone. The chicken and waffles with Siracha maple syrup is so damn good. The alligator bites are not some novelty dish to make this place stand out, they do it right. I've had alligator before and it was ok, I wouldn't order it again. After eating it at Kush I cant imagine why its not more widely used everywhere. Its that good here and from what im told its because they never freeze the meat its completely fresh. The tomato soup is probably one of the best versions I've had. Last but not least the bacon brownie was just right, not at all overwhelming and just the right amount of bacon. Decor is creative and hipster so its right up my alley. To top it off, they were playing Ace Ventura pet detective on the big screen. Im satisfied and have no complaints so 5 stars to Kush.
This place is really good.  All of the burgers are excellent and the beer selection is curated very well.  Alligator bites are also very good.
3rd day open, they have run out of a lot of beers but nonetheless they still had a bunch of yummy choices!  Like the Oskar Blues Brewery G'Night Imperial Red IPA & Goose Island Bourbon County Brand Stout!!! OMG the latter, is love on your palette! Just amazing!  Definitely a beer lovers joint! Good job Lokal! The staff are very personable,  talkative and attentive,  the manager was super friendly which is always a plus!  We tried the guacamole - it was tasty,  no salt needed the salsa was just right, the chips were a little greasy but forgivable. I had the vegetarian black bean mushroom burger with fries - totally loved the flavors however it was a bit dry since they don't put any kind of sauce on it but the flavors is what mattered here! My husband had the Johnny Utah Burger - it actually came out medium just like he ordered and he finished the whole burger along with fries!  He moaned with pleasure at every bite! Success Kush! Well done well done folks!  Music rocks!  Not just one style either everything from Red Hot Chili Peppers to Brasilian Bossa Nova! Totally enjoying the joint!  Can't wait to come back with friends!
Love this place! There's an impressive beer selection and the waiters give great pairing suggestions. The food is tasty and the sweet potato fries are enough to keeping you coming back for more. The ambience is very relaxed. No need to dress up, you're in Wynwood!
Yum! Good craft beer. The burgers are awesome. Had the frita not traditional but very good, had a layer of guava sounds odd but try it so good. The bartenders are so nice. Love it, good food, good beer and great attitude what else can you ask for.
great
The food here is delicious. The chicken and waffles is my favorite. The waffles may be the best I've ever tried. The sweet potato fries are perfect. My only complaint, and the reason why I gave 4 out of 5 stars, is that this place is very tiny with very tiny, low to the ground tables. It actually felt more like I was sitting at a coffee table. It also has a free-for-all seating policy. You may very likely find yourself battling other patrons just to get a seat. I hope they get this sorted out because otherwise this place is great. My recommendations to management: raise the tables at least 8 inches and hire a hostess for busy nights.
Great place, friendly service, great food the burgers are out of this world amazing! And their beer selection is absolutely outstanding! Not too expensive but money well spent!
New place on the block! We had the Abe froman Sausages which were amazing. A must try! The beer selection is unbelievable. Everything we tried was excellent. The staff is very very friendly which is always a plus. They've been open for 4 days and I have zero complaints. Please come try it!
This place is great!  Food is fresh and tasty.  Beer selection is amazing. Great addition to the neighborhood and another great spot from the people who brought you Lokal.  Don't forget to try the dessert!
It is  small  and  it  is  in  the  hood  and  not  cheap  and  I  do  not  drink  craft  beer but  you  have  to  love  this  place  that  used  to  be  called  Dollys    that  I  frowned  at while  biking  by.  While  I  do  not  like  paying  a  buck  for  agua  I  loved  these  guys  idea.  They  have  some  balls  opening  a  place  there  and   from  biking  excursions they have  a  good following.  Good  burger  and  fries  were  hot  and  just  fried.  To  those  with  the  AC  problems,  they     just  opened.  Called  kinks.  Small  places  need  small  tables  sweety.   Love  places  like  this.  And    next  time ....... well  they  have  a  pretty  big  selection  of  food.
Best beer program in Miami hands down- rare finds on the "Reserve" list and an always interesting set of rotating drafts. Friendly staff, sometimes crowded atmosphere, but not a problem if at the bar. Great burgers. Five stars is for the beer and burgers, as the standout item on the menu.   Great neighborhood hang. If you want more interesting beers than you can find at... Batch or B&B, for example, go here.
Pretty SNOB place for a burger joint. Waitress implied we didn't know anything about their special beer list when we tried to peruse their reserved menu. Burgers were OK, but not worth the condescending staff, after NOT finding a place to park and walking in a not so good part of town. Place was crowded, and tables not so clean (flies loving the sticky tables). Next time I'm in Miami and in the mood for a burger and a beer I'll head over RokBgr... much better at every level.
Chicken & waffles here are the worst ever! Absolutely zero seasoning on the fried chicken, over fried & way to much breading, in addition waffles came out Luke warm & with no butter & cold syrup.. Guacamole had little flavor as well.. But! I here the beer is pretty damn good so maybe if you start with that everything taste great! Lol if your a foodie like me don't waste your time or money.
all i can say is that i am grateful to the wynwood walls that i work so close to this place. I order lunch from here at least every other week. I first tried LoKal and was very impressed by their food. so i gave this spot a try and fell in love as well. I usually order the Collier County Chicken Sandwich. its honestly the best chicken sandwich I've ever had. All the components of this sandwhich are just amazing, avocado, arugula, comes with jack but i change it to the gruyere cheese. I  especially love their homemade honey mustard sauce. i seriously cant get enough of this stuff. i want on my fries, my sandwich, my life! its that serious. The burgers here are also amazing. cooked to perfection and with the best locally grown ingredients that you can just taste the difference. Unfortunately ive been prego everytime i go, so yes ill admit ive been tempted to sample the local beers buuuuuuuut i dont. Ill definitely come back in a few months to try them and let you know my faves. The place is always packed and everyone comes in for lunch grabs a beer and the great food. service is always amazing and very friendly. my only complaint is take out takes super long. They always say 20 minutes but its more like 35. Parking is scarce so i don't particularly like that because its lunch time and you already have to wait a good amount for your food so add the time looking for parking to your lunch time. That's why i usually just order and pick it up. but nonetheless one of the best lunch spots in the area. thats the only reason i give them 4 stars but the food is def a 5!
Looks like everything that needs to be said about this place has been said and then some, from the parking, to the location, to the beer selection, and of course the food. Yet I'll add my out-of-towner thoughts, because I feel dirty not reviewing this spot: The small sitting space makes as good use of the area as possible, with benches and tables located all along the walls and bar - but it never felt too packed. Beer selection ranges from $7-12 depending on how strong the draft is, with some wine options for the snoots. Food was incredible, as the Yelp pictures showed. Service is friendly, and gotta love the bathroom decor. This is a great bar that fits perfectly in the neighborhood. Glad it was on my list.
Ok this place is completely worth the complicated parking and the walk down the street to this tiny door which seems so little inviting from the outside but once you're inside this place takes to you another place! Nothing like the typical miami bar, this place is super cozy, with really cool and original decor and the staff is Awesome!. The draft beer menu is over the top! We had a great selection of beer from all over the country and we had great recommendation from our waitress! Great MUSIC!! Now let's talk about the FOOD...AMAZING is the only word I can use. Not your typical bar food, this is something so much different and made with such detail and LOVE! I was craving a good plate of chicken and waffles since forever and they have one of THE best I've tried in Miami! Beautifully cooked chicken breast and the most PERFECT belgian waffle! To die for! We also tried the fried pickles and sauce, these were INCREDIBLE. And what can I tell you about the burgers! Tried the FRITA BURGER and what better way to have a burger than with the best meat together with all this goodness and then pressed?!! Bravo! We are sure coming back, Well done guys!
Do you like a fancy, spacious restaurant with a posh crowd and short waits? Go elsewhere you heathen! But if you are one of the brave souls who doesn't mind, or maybe even enjoys, a small place with maybe 30 seats and some spectacular beer and food, then follow me to Wynwood and be prepared for a great time at Kush! Upon arriving, we were told that it would take 30 min or so to sit our 3 person group, but we could hang out at the bar if we so desired. Well, 2 people were just leaving and the hostess was nice enough to find me an extra bar stool - good to go! Want beer? Their rotating beer menu is great! 18 taps, different beers from Florida breweries and Monday beer specials - no matter who you are, you'll find a beer to fit your style here. Are you looking for some food, rather than beer? That's ok, Kush has you covered (though, I would get both). We started with the Alligator Bites, which were crispy, delicious and tender. They are served with 2 sauces, spicy mayo and creamy garlic - both are winners. The homemade Guacamole was also quite good, though I would have preferred it with a bit more kick. I understand, though, as most people would rather go light on the spice/lime than risk people sending it back. Choosing a burger was difficult (the Frita or the Johnny Utah?!), so I asked our waitress/bartender. The second I asked her what her favorite burger was, she replied "Frita". I was surprised by the fact that there was no hesitation at all and I followed her lead. Let me tell you, she was right. Oh, so right. The Frita came with guava jelly, melted Gruyere cheese, crispy bacon, delicious LoKal sauce and it was covered in little potato stix. To finish the burger off, they add Guava Jelly and press the burger in a panini press. wow. I can honestly say I devoured this burger, and the sweet potato fries that came with it. The Frita was so satisfying, my girlfriend mentioned I was making strange sounds while eating it - I'm pretty sure I was in a trance. Have I mentioned I really love food? To top off the meal, we ordered the Fried John Dough. This dish is basically a deep fried waffle topped with vanilla ice cream, strawberries and cinnamon sugar. It is simple but man is it delicious. If you have enough space left to get dessert, do it! Kush is a perfect place to grab a few beers, have a great burger and relax with some buddies in a location with a lively, small bar feel.
How is it that I have spent the last four years here in Miami w/o trying this place?!!!!! I'm not a beer person,  but I was very impressed by their menu and list of beer. They have 6 rotating beers. Their burgers are delicious - I would highly recommend the guava and Gruyere cheese which was absolutely delicious. Ladies, if you're looking to decrease your carb load, switch the buns for lettuce wraps instead. For the sides that come with the burgers, I would pass on the cole slaw. It was pretty bland.. but the grilled peppers are delicious! And, my favorite.. the Kush brownie!!!!! oh nom nom nom nom nom.... Bacon and sea salted chocolate brownie, served with a bottle of milk... and a tiny bag of kush..jk it's just mint leaves, but you get the theme of the place. Yea you can judge me for drinking milk instead of beer to end my night.. but I would do it again.. and again... and again... :)
Definitely a must have during your Wynwood visit, the chicken and waffles were delicious. We ate at the bar and the bartender was so friendly and warm.
My favorite spot for amazing selection of craft beer, fantastic food, and superior service. Let's see, I've tried the black bean burger, lokal burger, pan con bistec sandwich (not on menu, gotta ask for this), chicken n waffles, and the Johnny Utah burger. Most entrees come with choice of side, those sweet potato fries or mushrooms don't disappoint. Everything is always fresh and served within minutes. Yes, it's super crowded but worth the wait - have one of their beers! Westmalle Trippel is where it's at, or anything from Funky Buddha Brewery. As long as I'm in Miami, this is where I'll be going. :)
Kush is all that! Great ambiance, great service, great beer, and out this world food. Also the staff is very welcoming and very cool and hip while not trying too hard to be cool and hip. We'll be back for sure, please believe!!!
This is a hidden gem of Wynwood. It's great for when all the other places close because this place is open until midnight. (And also prob the best out of all of the spots.) The food was absolutely amazing. I had the chicken and waffles with a banana beer. Check and waffles were perfect. Chicken was tender, boneless and crispy with lots of flavored waffles were plump and rich. They were a great combo with the beer. Everyone I was with was impressed with the food. Decor and atmosphere is trendy and the street tables are good for groups. Inside is a bit small but has a great bar with a variety of unique beets and drinks that are local. The prices were great. Me and my girlfriend ate for less than 40 dollars. Definitely try this place out you will not be disappointed.
Great spot quaint and probably the best burger in Miami
Living in Miami, I couldn't help but hear about all the hype surrounding Kush Wynwood. Being a major burger fan, I'm always a bit skeptical when trying something new, but I was pleasantly surprised to say the very least. I went around lunch time with my boyfriend and my mom and the place was packed! We were told the wait would be about 30 minutes but it was more like 10. We ordered pretty quickly because we looked over the menu while waiting. The choice was tough because, quite frankly, everything sounded amazing! Finally I chose to get the Kush & Hash. At first I thought it looked a little small for my gargantuan appetite but it filled me up within a couple of amazing bites! But I still managed to snag a bite of my boyfriends Frita burger which was a *mind blown* moment for me. All in all, great food, great service and great atmosphere!
After riding bikes with Critical Mass we were starved and felt we deserved a reward for all the miles we put in. Probably not the best mindset when you are talking about exercise but it was late and we were hungry and Kush was luring us in with the thought of juicy burgers. When we arrived we were told the wait would be about 20 mins which was great considering this place is small, I'm talking the size of your room small. We were buying time and enjoying their awesome selection craft beers so the time flew by. Once we sat down the servers came out and were so friendly, in fact I have them an extra star just for service. Now onto dinner, we shared the alligator appetizer, it was tasty nothing out of this world but still good. I had the frita burger which sadly was disappointing. I ordered it medium rare and came out medium well. The guava sauce overwhelmed all the other flavors and made the burger more sweet than sweet & salty. By far the highlight of my meal was the asparagus. Everyone at the table went with fries or sweet potatoes but I knew better, thanks to yelp and my love affair with the veggies at the LoKal. These babies were grilled, tender but not mushy and had the most incredible sauce. I know this is a burger place but if I ever return I'm making my own veggie plate.
Solid selection of beers. Super friendly service. The Johnny Utah burger is delicious and so are the asparagus and mushroom sides. The Pastrami Reuben is also worth trying. The Pan con Bistec, unfortunately, was a disappointment (full disclosure: I'm from PR where Pan con Bistec is the real deal). Overall, great place to have a beer and burger with some buddies or enjoy brunch. Next on the to-do list is the chicken and waffles and the kush and hash sandwich.
The food here was 4 stars, but my service was definitely 5. The beer selection is a bit overwhelming, and like their wall states "good beer ain't cheap!". My server helped me pick a draft and I liked it, but didn't like it for $8. However, if you are super into beer, this place is probably heaven for you. Also, the food is very reasonable, with many burgers (+ a side) being around $10. I had a hard time deciding between the Lokal burger and the veggie burger, but my server suggested the veggie burger with the Lokal toppings, adding bacon and an egg. I was intrigued, so I ordered it, and it was perfect!! The veggie burger is handmade with full of flavor (mushrooms!) and the bun was soft and delicious. I was super satisfied. You also get many options for sides, including grilled asparagus. I got the fries, but would definitely get the asparagus if I returned again. This is a solid spot and seems to have many other interesting options (how did I miss the alligator bites?!), so you should probably check it out. I didn't pick up on any hipper-than-thou vibes either, but maybe that's just because it was a slow-ish Wednesday night?
Simply AMAZING!!!! Super small hole in the wall, but its HUGE/BOLD/BURSTING with TONS of flavor and yummy goodness!!! We had the farmhouse chicken sandwich and the conch sandwich - BOTH of them were equally amazing. Topped that off with waffle dessert with vanilla ice cream - BAM!!!! Superb experience & excellent service.
Bad ass burger joint in the hood. Super hip trendy place. I was a fan of Lokal before kush opened.  Great beer selection. I had the Waffle and Hash burger because it looked insanely weird. It was haha.  Waffle was made perfectly. Easy over egg on top of hash brown on top of bacon on top of a perfectly cooked medium rare patty. Sweet potato fries with ketchup, honey mustard and homemade maple syrup to dip in. Dip the burger in the maple .... OH my god good .!! I will be coming back.
I think Kush deserves more than five starts. Great burgers and an amazing beer selection makes this a top spot in Miami. We came here on a Saturday afternoon for lunch and sat outside with our dog. The waitress immediately brought over water for us and a bowl for the dog. The whole staff is extremely friendly. We shared a hobo frito pie and a burger which had pastrami, Cheddar and special sauce. We finished the meal with a brownie a la mode. Everything was fantastic and will definitely be back many times. I especially appreciate how dog friendly they were.
Love the Kush and hash (w/out the bacon) and the sweet potato fries! The frita is excellent as well! The only reason why its missing a star is that sometimes they give me an overcooked burger and overcooked fried egg.....
KUSH Wynwood is a pretty awesome place. I will say if you don't like being in small places with tons of people around you then don't go. This small restaurant in the middle is Wynwood is a most-go-to hot spot and it is guaranteed to always be packed. First things first, they are really known for their beer experience - like their mother bear restaurant, LoKal in the Grove. They have eighteen taps, exclusive beers, casks every week, and rotating beers. If you are beer lover then you have met your match. Let's move onto the food. My favorite part. These guys are known for their burgers. It is true they have a great appetizer selection like the homestead guacamole and the Florida alligator bites, but I go straight for the burger. When I went I tried the ever so delicious and enticing frita burger, which was served with guava jelly, melted Gruyere stuffed with potato stix, crispy bacon LoKal sauce and then it's pressed down. Wow. I mean really. I had sweet potato fries with it, which were also perfectly crunchy, but I made sure to focus my efforts of eating the entire frita. Another one of their famous burgers is the kush & hash, a Wynwood special. It is served with hash, bacon, a fried egg, and ketchup in between a waffle bun. Oh, and served with a side of maple syrup - as if that wasn't enough. KUSH is more than just a restaurant or pub - it's an experience. And I highly recommend it!
Loveeeeeee!! Great service. Awesome vibe. The food is AMAZING! Really recommend the Frita burger, chicken & waffles, and kush and hash!
I was pretty impressed! I thought I was going to hate the hipster vibe, especially when the server mentioned that everything is made in house and sourced locally, yadda yadda. BUT! Everyone who we interacted with was super friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. The beer selection was good; they were out of the draft I was interested in, but I had two selections in bottles/cans (Wells Banana Bread and the Terrapin Recreational Ale, which was AMAZING!!! And the Terrapin came with a free can cooler; I got a souvenier!). The food was also fantastic. I previewed the menu online ahead of time and it didn't seem like they had any meat free options other than the grilled cheese, so I wasn't expecting much, but the real menu was much more extensive (side note, I am not a vegetarian, but I just don't like meat). We started with the gator bites, I generally get squicked out by gator and won't eat it but my 2 friends raved so I had one and they were damn good! I had the black bean burger next and it was delish! Nice flavor on a challah bun, some "dry" coleslaw piled on, along with avocado, tomato and onion. I had the grilled asparagus on the side. My companions had the BLT and the burger with roasted mushrooms on the side and enjoyed. The service was top notch, but I am dinging them a star because it was very LOUD inside and hard to hear conversation.Also, it was a bit too dim. Maybe because Kush is meant for younger folks who can read small font in dim light? We felt downright elderly using the flashlight app on the phone to read the menu!
Burger, Sandwiches and craft beer? Yes, Please! Went here for the first time and I love their food. The beer selection is very good, I had the bartender pick out beers for myself and he really couldn't go wrong with all their options. Food Wise: Appetizer- I ordered the guacamole, but would not order it again...did not find it worth my while Entree- This is a wholllle different story my friends. I had the black bean burger and my partner had the fried chicken sandwich. We opted to share our sides of asparagus (delicious) and fries (equally delicious). I will be coming back! Be aware since this is pretty much in Wynwood you will hear lame hipster conversations "yo man i gotta go home on my bike and finish my artwork" Just have more beer and it all goes away They are dog friendly too! They brought my puppy a bowl of water and he greatly appreciated it
Beyond the artsy fartsy burger joint you were looking for when i first came across this place. Yes, the name is catchy and might attract you nonetheless. However, after you realize that the scarce seating and parking is SCARCE a for a reasssonnn then you'll agree with me when I say, I wouldn't want it any larger. First things first, the service...holy moly. I felt like my server (Ben) treated us like family and really gave us a nice intro on KUSH, how they prepare they food, what they're about and why they're the best. I came on a Thursday and again on Sunday- it was SO GOOD! First I ordered the a Grass-fed Frita with Varied fries. I'm not a huge beer person at all but I ended up liking the Funky Buddha ALOT. I took a bite of the Gator bites... And after hearing the back story of how the guy drives an hour and half away to pick up the gator after driving God knows how far to pick up the meat-I appreciated that bite much more. Today I ate the Grass-fed Johnny Utah with an egg on top. Anything with an egg on it tastes better but that pastrami had me begging for more. I ate the WHOLE thing plus the Key Lime Pie. Today's server was Erin and she was such a sweetheart. It was because of her that I actually ordered a beer. I'll be back again  and again. And for those people who have a problem with it being small- don't be so basic k? Bigger is not better. BEST BURGER IN MIAMI !!
Good bar food and very creative. happy :)
Friends said they were going to Second Saturday, I said I'm going to Kush and will meet you promptly when the masses start to go home. Kush is located on the outside of Wywnwood's hoppin' area (for now), so it's easy to coordinate this plan. Although on the outside, those in the know have clearly discovered this place, making for a 45 minute or so wait even late into the evening. It's also ever smaller than Lokal, making seating scarce. When we were eventually seated, our table was essentially a couple barstools facing a wall, with a ledge to perch our food upon. We made it work and, for some reason in this atmosphere, it seemed a-ok. "Cheap beer ain't good, Good beer ain't cheap." Amen. While I wasn't ready to roll out the big money (think $30) for one beer, I was happy to sip on the nutty Wynwood draft and try some of the others. The beer menu is massive but the staff knows what's up and is fully capable of pointing you in the right direction based on what you like already. For eats, there's unsurprisingly a lot of similarity between this and Lokal. While I can only assume their burgers are excellent, I wanted to try the alligator bites I've heard so much about. We also ordered some guacamole to share, while my friend went with an aforementioned burger. I loved the alligator, chewy and dusted with a considerable amount of seasoning, served with addictive dipping sauce on the side. I'm a big fan of the fresh guacamole and chips at Lokal and this platter tasted just as delicious. After the meal and a couple more beers, we were unfortunately too full for dessert. I'd definitely come back to Kush even with Lokal so close to home. This offers a bit more of a lively bar feel that beats the overrun art walk any Second Saturday.
Kushy lil place! Tiny tiny place with decent service, big TV, lots of beer options, & a good burger. The frita burger was damn good. I had a side of mushrooms and peppers and sweet potatoes fries which were good. Cool find in this a sketchy area.
A friend of mine suggested this place for lunch on a recent Friday afternoon.   We arrived at around 1:15 and the only spot open for 2 was at the very end of the bar on the corner.   This place isn't large inside as others have mentioned in their reviews, and it seems to be popular, even early in the day.   I had a draft cider and their Lokal Burger. My burger and fries (I ordered the mix of regular and sweet potato fries) were very good, service was quick and friendly, and we were out the door within about 45 min. The burger, fries and draft cider came to $22.14 before gratuity, so Kush isn't probably a place I'd come to on a regular basis for lunch, but for a good burger and a beer or as a place to meet up with friends and have a few quality beers, this spot is perfect.
Great little place! Good crafted beers, small menu but quality items. The grilled cheese its amazing! It comes with a tomato "soup", dip the sandwich in it and it will take you to heaven. Will be back for more
I will start by saying that the seating is scarce at Kush, that being said it was the only thing I could name that was remotely an issue. The wait was no more than 20 minutes which was good in my opinion for a Friday night and the beer selection is on point so they keep you busy while you wait. Given that Lokal is such a favorite of mine I was very excited to finally try this place, I had the Frita Burger which was very good. I asked for the Guava on the side as I'm not too much of a salty-sweet girl but the guava complimented the burger nicely so I took the plunge and ate it was intended to be eaten. Everyone who helped us was helpful and friendly and definitely contributed to the laid back, local joint feel of this place. Lokal still keeps it's number 1 burger slot on my list but Kush is a good addition to the Wynwood food/drink scene, I'd  pay them another visit!
I was very anxious to try this place as I had heard so many good things about it, and I'm so glad I did! It is a VERY small place, but if you can get passed that you'll be fine. It has high energy, lots of people and it's right in the middle of Wynwood. In another words, hipster central. But the food- fantastic! Everything on the menu is organic and from local vendors. I had the chicken & waffles- delish! Definitely a great option after a late night. Many different beers to choose from, and if you can't pick then ask their in-house "cicerone" - a beer connoisseur. I wish I could remember our waiters name, but he was definitely a great help. I told him my fave beer was Stella, so he recommended Mama's Yellow Pills. Great name, great taste & even better cup that it came in! Overall, it was a good experience & it's worth checking out. Plus, it's called KUSH- you know you like the name so just go!
We had the pleasure of sitting at the bar with Ben the bartender. Ben was extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. It was refreshing to have service with a smile and genuine pride in the food of "his" establishment. He suggested the alligator bites, the chicken and waffles, the burger that has guava deliciously tucked into it and the key lime pie. All of it was absolutely delicious. The restaurant's selection of beers on tap and in the bottle was impressive, too. This is diamond in the rough and we will definitely be going back for more Kush!
I'm was a fan of the Lokal and now I am a fan of Kush. We came on a lazy Sunday afternoon and promptly grabbed a seat at the bar. Service was on point. We started off with some beer that was a mashup of 3 different beers in a teeny tony cup. amaze balls. We started off with the Guacamole. On point. I am drooling just thinking about it. We also got the hobo frito pie. Just going to throw this out there....this one is WAY BETTER than the one served at OTC. The final plate was the Kush and Hash. This did not last long on the plate. Not at all. My boyfriend and I inhaled that thing...quickly. I will definitely be returning especially since there were some interesting beers coming soon to the restaurant.
Let me start by saying that I was HANGRY when I walked in.  For those of you who don't know what that means it's basically that my poor boyfriend's life was in severe danger,  it's a good thing he loves me.  I hadn't eaten all day and by 3pm my mood was deteriorating fast. We had to wait about 15 minutes to sit down because,  well the place was full and it is small. They have an excellent selection of craft beers,  many on tap,  and a great saying "good beer ain't cheap and cheap beer ain't good." anyone who goes by that motto is a friend in my book. We sat down and had Erin as our server .  She was excellent! As soon as I told her I was starving she suggested we order the guac because it comes out fast and we also ordered the frito hobo pie,  which both were out of this world and came out within 10 minutes. I had the collier chicken SANDWICH that was delicious, our friend had the kush and hash which looked like the best plate by far my boyfriend had the Johnny Utah that was also yummy. Erin came by again and saw that i in fact was HANGRY because I devoured my sandwich pretty much as soon as it was set in front of me.  Their homemade honey mustard was Ah may zing. Overall we had a great experience and will definitely be back again,  check this place out. Totally worth it.  Especially since Erin gave me a new word to describe the state I was in when I walked in "starvicious".
Kush is a diamond in the rough! Nestled on a corner in Wynwood, you step inside to find a tiny eatery with tasty food, good service and an impressive beer selection. Although seating is very scarce, it makes the ambience cozy and intimate. For starters, I've had the grilled cheese with tomato soup (absolutely delish) and the hobo frito pie (munchie food at its finest). The Frita Burger is everything; Ordered it medium with sweet potato fries (Dip in honey mustard. TRUST ME). Others: Kush & Hash burger, Chicken & Waffles and Black Bean burger...all of them very tasty. This place is worth a visit. Looking forward to try more menu items and brews :)
I usually don't write reviews but I had to do this for the sake of other people. I ordered a veggie burger which was delicious until I found two tiny roaches in my food. I was of course grossed out and refused to pay for it. The waitress began to say that the kitchen is clean and that would never happen. Not only was she calling me a liar but she was giving me an attitude about what I just saw crawling in my burger!!! Never going back again.
Not bad. Not great either. My friends agreed. My sandwhich had a pleasent basil surprise.  The cheeseburger-eater rated his cheeseburger a 5 out of 10. The chicken and waffles friend said her chicken was really moist and the waffles were just waffles. The whip cream though was heavenly. Put it on a drip and shoot me up!  We went as far as to ask how the whip cream was made. Just cream and powdered sugar they said. Right! I doubt that! Anyhow, I feel like I could make all this stuff at home. Which isnt a bad thing.  But my foodie palate might be a little high. But thats just me.
Me and a mate got here late night  and had to sit in the corner which really started to suck but thankfully the waitress was able to find a table for us. It is a tiny little place and its usually packed wall to wall. Let me just say that I got the classic burger and it was one of the best burgers that I have had in quite a while. I dont really eat hamburgers because they are usually greasy and taste like burnt wet dog but this place hit it spot on. Ill definitely go back because I have to try the Kush and Hash.
This spot is amazing ! Small, but cozy. I had the grilled cheese with the tomato soap. Best soup I've ever had. My bf ordered alligator bites. They were pretty neat. This is craft bar/pub. They have variety of beers to choose from. I forgot the name of the beer I had though. It's a brand new place, just opened 8 months ago. Ooo I definitely recommend the Kush brownie for dessert.
Truly not your typical Miami atmosphere ... thankfully.  Great selection of craft beers and the food ... is ohhh sooooo good!  Dont come without trying the Kush & Hash ... burger, fried egg, hashbrown on a waffle .. enough said!
I honestly love these guys, but even I was tempted to two-star the joint! I don't know how many MONTHS I looked forward to Kush.  At an estimate, maybe four or five??  I adore the owner's other dive, Lokal--it's one of my husband and I's favorite places in Miami.  We take all of our out-of-town guests there and whenever we are in the Grove (and not eating at Bombay Darbar) we're there chomping on some burgers.  From the moment I heard they were opening a "real restaurant" I was stoked and waited eagerly in anticipation.  It was all me and my former beer-selling co-worker talked and dreamed out. The bar is indeed well-stocked, and full of genuinely obscure and delicious beer.  Yes, they do deliver there.  Make no mistake.  The food is also good (loved my black bean burger and salivated over someone's nearby chicken and waffles).  No, I am not refuting that. I particularly enjoyed their long list of sides--all quite elegant for such an establishment, like mustard-glazed asapargus and balsamic sauteed portobellos.  Great job, dudes. Here's the deal:  This place is the size of my bedroom.  20 feet by 12 feet? I can't be far off.  I was in no way prepared for that.  We told friends to meet us and if I hadn't ruthlessly shoved some nice Gay couple out of my way, we would NEVER have had a table... even at 8:00pm on a Wednesday night.  And it was the tiniest. table. ever.  On a beer keg.  That wobbled.  Two of our chairs were backless stools. Perhaps 50 people crowded into this place over the span of our dinner.  Quickly, Kush became standing-room only and on-lookers hungrily circled our table (one of the biggest in the space, amazingly enough). Service tried their best--and was super friendly despite being under-staffed--though not entirely beer-knowledgable.  What?  How did you get this job? Come to drink and order an app at the bar. This isn't the place for a group, or a place to relax.  Get in, get your beer on and get out.  For meanderers, head back to Lokal.
Usually busy cause they have excellent food. Where it's busy prolly mean you might have wait a little to be seated. Service was good but I could tell they were holding there tongues on what they really have to say about customers. Which requires lots of patients. It's located just a little before wynnwood.
I do not normally feel compelled to add my two cents about restaurants, but after this experience I felt it was a must. Our visit started off alright, not a huge wait, clean bathroom, nice atmosphere, however once we met our server it all went down hill. He first became condescending to my friend over his choice of wanting to keep his beer in the bottle, and then gave the rest of our party an attitude and ignored us for awhile after we told him we were not ready to order. Once our food started coming in it was delicious. That is until we spotted two giant cockroaches crawling up the wall next to our table. Cockroaches + restaurant = recipe for disaster. Needless to say we quickly lost our appetites after just having received our our entrees, and the wait staff didn't really care too much. I do not recommend this place!
Like it's sister or parent or whatever company Lokal, this place makes great food. I mean, I didn't even order a burger, which is LoKush's claim to fame. The Boss Hogg (described on the menu as grilled boar sausage and chopped sautéed asparagus topped with melted jack cheese, spicy slaw, and kosher mustard) quickly caught my attention and never let go. I expected that it would be served the way sausage at a German place or curbside cart might be (link stuffed in a bun topped hot dog-like with its toppings), so I was surprised when the waitress brought over sliced sausage in a sandwich bun. I was a little put off by this at first (I really wanted the link), but I quickly got over it once I bit into the sandwich. The boar sausage was wonderfully gamey but not so much so that I felt the need to spray myself with Off, and the asparagus provided a nice crunch and contrast to the rest of the tender innards. My only gripe is that I wanted more, but that's more of a me thing and has nothing to do with Kush. I guess my biggest complaint is the size of the place. I mean... I'm not entirely sure what management is going for. Is it a sit down restaurant? If so, then the place is lacking, because what few seats there are may be better suited for the model version of The Derek Zoolander Center For Children Who Can't Read Good And Wanna Learn To Do Other Stuff Good, Too. So is it a quick pit stop on your way to bigger and better things? If so, then the tables are really intrusive, and maybe they should be replaced by more counter space and a few high-top tables WITHOUT seats so people don't linger. Is it a bar? If so, then any whisper of it being a restaurant (except for the food, of course) should be hushed. The food lends itself to eating standing up, and if what you want is a place where people can hang around, drink, and spend a few hours, then the mood is kind of dampened by the very real possibility of tripping over a tiny chair and splitting your head open on a tiny table. And I'm not trying to pigeonhole Kush. I mean, I get the whole unclassified state of being thing, but for the lack of space, I feel like the venture is less a journey of self-discovery and more an existential crisis.
This is place is in a little hole in Wynwood. You really have to look for it to find it and once you get there it seems like someone is going to rob you, but man that food is good. The whole staff is super friendly and they act like they've known you forever.
Highly recommend the food was amazing. Chicken and waffles were to die for. Our server BEN was great with recommendations and service. You have to go and check it out
Walked in a bit after 6 on a weekday for an early dinner and a refreshing ice cold adult fizzy beverage.  KUSH is really deceiving from the exterior as you are walking up to it.  You're not sure what you're going to expect behind that door. But when you open the door, it almost feels like an updated, modernized dive bar.  It does have a divey feeling to it with a total upgrade.  When the opening flyers were being distributed, I was excited about KUSH opening up as I noted that it was going to be a beer bar.  Thanks creators of Lokal!  You really brought to Wynwood what I always envisioned myself hanging out in often! The bar area is small, with about 8 stools that sit you right in front the taps.  Hung up far on the upper wall above the window on the left is the rotating tap list and the menu is a printed paper bag with the "A-List" of rare craft brews slipped inside of it.  The selection is definitely rare and hard to come by in any other "beer bar."  This is definitely a beer lovers dream come true!  They offer some really good craft beer on tap and the selection changes often. I just had to have something to soak up what I was using to wash down my throat.  So the Frita Burger really enticed me with its sweet and salty description.  I requested for grass-fed beef, this is a preference, but once you've had a burger with grass-fed beef, it isn't the same when you don't.  It definitely brings out the true taste of beef with it's natural fats.  This is just $2 more for any burger of choice with the exception of the Lokal burger as this one automatically brings grass-fed beef.  But it was AMAZING!  This juicy burger drip down my fingers and was cooked perfectly, evenly.  The sweetness of the thin sliced guava and the caramelized onions in the burger really blended well.  oOohH.  The rest of the evening I still had the grass-fed juices emitting its smell from my fingers even after a hand-wash...I wanted more!!   KUSH...welcome!  I cannot wait to go back!  Hope you stay for a while...
Great food and ambiance! Hamburgers r delicious!
It's curious to notice some of the reviews prior for Kush. Most of the guys love it, and the gals have issue with it because it's small, they don't like the bar stools, yada yada yada. So maybe, don't take your date but go there on your own or w/a buddy. Kush has pushed out the greasy spoon that inhabited this corner prior.  Dolly's was SUPER SKETCH for more reason's than one. In this instance, change is good.  They've got a great menu, including their salads.  Hearty enough to enjoy w/a beer.  Speaking of which, their selection may not be varied as other places, but the quality is definitely there.   I think the place is cozy.  If it's crowded, you may have to come by at another time.  They did a great job with the space they have, and they've got plenty of bike parking too, which I never see in this town. Cheers Kush!  You'll be seeing me again soon.
I'm pretty torn here. I feel that this place works great as a bar but really falls flat as a restaurant. The difference is this - comfort. When we first walked in, I thought we might be in some sort of dollhouse. Little tiny tables, and little teeny tiny stools (and only a couple of the former and not much more of the latter) were to be found inside. If you're with more than one other person, don't bother eating here. If you get stuck in the tiny round table in the middle, don't bother eating here. There's literally no space, and you're going to be working hard struggling to stay on top of this mini chair that they've provided. There was a group of 3 people who found themselves without a good place to sit while we were there - the only table open was this one. They tried to move 3 separate times and actually waited to order food until they could sit at a real table. Why bother serving food if you're going to make it horribly uncomfortable to eat it? And that's a real shame, because the food here is amazing. They've taken the majority of the menu from Lokal and brought over a few new things. I live about 5 minutes from this place, and much further from Lokal, so I was really excited to see this food make it's way into my neighborhood - and then really disappointed that I probably wouldn't be eating it again. If you get a chance to eat here I would definitely recommend their signature Lokal burger, it is near perfect. What everyone says about the beer is true. They have an extensive, interesting, well curated beer menu. I could definitely see myself coming back here when I want to enjoy something a little bit different. Also, their service is great and the place definitely lends itself to being a beer bar. Unfortunately, not so much a restaurant.
Amazing food, great ambiance, love love  Benjamin, he was the friendliest , professional and nicest waiter in town. thumbs up . Will be back .....
To me, Kush seems to be one of the most-hyped-up places to open in the 305 since Yardbird. I get somewhat annoyed by those levels of hype, but Kush, having been birthed from the already-credible Lokal team, lives up to it and then some. I didn't even eat anything, but forget about the food for a second. To my mind, this place could serve nothing but frozen Ore-Ida tater tots, and it would still be worthy of 5 stars. Why? The beer. I'm not going to get into specifics, because honestly, I do not want the masses descending upon this place in a wide-eyed frenzy. It's already crowded enough, and I'm worried this factor will limit how great of a "hangout" Kush ends up being in the long run. If it makes any sense, I hope this place can be a successful business, without getting "too popular." South Florida now has plenty of bars with excellent beer selections. What sets Kush apart is that its selection is curated by total beer geeks, for total beer geeks. It may not have the sheer number of bottles and taps of some other bars in the tri-county area, but what it does have is simply on another plane of existence than that proffered by your typical World of Beer. You'd have to go to Coffee District in Delray, or possibly even Redlight Redlight in Orlando, to even approach what's going on here. The quality of the selection makes Kush feel comparable to seriously hardcore beer havens in major U.S. cities with more advanced beer cultures than ours. If this is truly where we are right now in South Florida, we have come a very long way in a short period of time. It's small inside. Too small to contain the happenings on a recent special Thursday night, one featuring drafts from the 5 Rabbit Cerveceria from Illinois. Thankfully, they have an outside window from which one can order. Standing outside on the sidewalk was where the real party was that night. For whatever reason, I've often preferred drinking beer while standing up...and drinking an expensive, rare lambic while standing out on North Miami Avenue was quite the novelty for me. How perfectly "Wynwood" is that, ordering from a window and standing out on a gritty urban street drinking one-of-a-kind world class beer like it's Olde English 800 (well, except for the snifter, of course...gotta have the proper glassware, after all!) Man, I feel like such an urban snob, and I love it.
Some women like to think that the word vagina makes men uncomfortable. It may be the case, specially if we generalize, but if we go from study to study, the word vagina only makes me smile, not shudder. Now, I am not smiling in contempt, I am just merely amused by the thought of avoiding the imagery. Why did I open up my review with such triviality? I don't know. Maybe Kush sounds like Kushy, and maybe Kushy sounds like vagina. Maybe I find Kush Wynwood to resemble a giant vagina (not the case), or maybe I find Kush Wynwood to be a warming inviting place where I want to spend every hour of my waking life (more like it). Whatever the case, I love Kush, Kushy, everything. If you go to the Kush Wynwood  website, you will get an extremely detailed timeline of how things came into being. Take a look and get the general idea. For those that already know the story, you couldn't be happier with the opening of this new restaurant. First of all, the beer list has grown exponentially. Second, it is all really good beer if you are a beer geek (not a beer lover of aficionado, the difference is huge). Third, prices on food have come down on some dishes, and hopefully it is not an introductory gimmick. Fourth, some of the great dishes from Lokal are available, like the Frita Burger or the Chicken and Waffles, etc. Fifth, there is plenty of parking and Wynwood is blocks away. And let me stop there because I could keep it on. On my first visit, after missing the opening party, I enjoyed some of the new dishes. I had the Kush & Hash, a waffle burger that comes with maple syrup, and a cheese bites with tomato soup. The stuff is obviously great, with great flavors, quality and creativeness. Kush and Lokal are for sure my top burger joints in Miami, with their super laid back atmosphere, great food and the greatest beer. It may all be possible because Kush doesn't label itself as a gastropub, most likely because Kush flies under the radar of fame, and avoids detection. Regarding the beer list, some great beers are available. If you don't know what you are ordering, stop yourself there and do some research, take a picture of the menu and come back with some education. Order from the tap but avoid falling into the hands of presumptuousness and possibly ruining your beer experience. Some of the beers on the menu are very obscure beers and the flavors are very unique and must be acquired, and many carry a hefty price tag. If you are a maverick of beer, go for it. If you don't know, be conservative. Kush is small, and it will be packed most of the time. Go at odd hours. Go late. It is kind of away from all the action, but it packs its own action. Order at the window, chill outside. Make sure your wallet is fat. Be happy, Kush Wynwood finally opened.
Little neighborhood establishment. Went there for brunch and i was pleasantly surprised at this place. There is no liquor license so they only serve beer and wine. I am not a beer drinker but what i could see their beer selection is ample and nice. I ordered wine and my friend beer and we both liked our choices. Now, the place is extremely small. I am talking 4 tables plus a bar, so it was kind of tight because it was busy on a Sunday afternoon. We ordered the frito pie which was great, full of flavors and freshly made. My friend had a burger which i don't remember the name of and he loved it. I had the chicken and waffles. Now, the waffles are the best waffless i have ever had. They had bacon and the syrup was just yummy.Very fresh . The chicken, on the other hand was not very yummy. I thought it was rather bland and not a lot of flavor. The meat was white meat so that was probably the reason, i prefer dark meat. Cannot compete with the fried chicken from Yardbird in my opinion. Overall a cool little place for lunch or brunch.
I was so enthused to give this place a shot being that I love Lokal in the grove so much. My experience was short of fab. I dont know if it was a combination of the a/c not working, the swatting of the flies to keep them off my food, or the uncomfortable stools but it was totally lackluster. What a shame. Well I will say they just opened but I dont know. Maybe it just wasnt for me, I wasnt impressed with this location at all. It felt overpriced for the ambiance they are providing. If you want that kitchy wynwood vibe, have your prices match. Your grove location is 100 percent better. But only time will tell. I hope I can come back and have a better experience when you get it together and not find the soap dispenser in the sink and your ac working properly. On the other hand, the key lime pie is absolutely delicious and they do support a bunch of local florida brews.
I randomly visited Kush on the second day that it opened not knowing it even existed. I was with some friends and one of them mentioned how the owners of Lokal were opening a place in Wynwood. I knew I wanted to try it out, and before I knew it we were on our way. My first impression of the place was that it was nothing spectacular. It is very, very small. For seating they have standard bar stools, some couches with small tables and then small tables with short stools. I had the unfortunate task of sitting in the small table with short stools where it was uncomfortable. Kush was packed when we got there and I thought this was a good sign of what they had to offer. But, it ended up being a bad thing because it was really hot inside! From what the other reviews are saying the A/C did not seem to be working. For our drinks we got beer which were great. Our waiter was also very nice and knew a lot of information about what they had to offer. Overall, the small room, mixed with the all the people, bad seating, and claustrophobia was enough to send my group packing early. I want to visit Kush again, but I think this place is mostly all hype.
Best burgers and beers in town!  Very affordable and no way you'll walk away hungry or disappointed.  If you're in the Art District this is where you need to go for lunch or dinner and don't be shy with the beer!
Gueze, Lambic, Porter, or Stout?  If only all decisions were this rewarding.     Kush fills a much needed void in the Miami beer scene.  Unlike any others who emphasize quantity over quality (::cough cough:: I'm looking at you World of Beer), they manage to procure only the highest echelon of unique brews.  From Mikkeller's Vanilla Shake Beer Geek to Cantillon Kriek, the selection is sure to make even the staunchest of beer snobs drool a little bit.  What's more is the prices are very fair, relative to the markup I've observed in beer bars in New York and San Francisco.     Inside is warm and inviting, although it is perfectly acceptable to stand on the sidewalk and imbibe after ordering through the window, if you'd prefer to avoid the crowd.  I was surprised that even during the week, Kush was jam packed.  Word gets out fast I suppose, in spite of the fact that the location is a bit off the beaten path.  I'm secretly torn between hoping they continue to be a huge success so they will stay around as a permanent fixture and wishing things would die down a bit so that I can have the entire delectable beer menu to myself.   With so many rare brews only available in limited quantities I tend to skew towards the Veruca Salt complex of self-entitlement and a need for instant gratification.  Likely it is only going to be getting worse because they really are the total package.     In addition to a poetically masterful list of beer, they do offer food as well.  I haven't tried it quite yet but I'm certain that will be changing relatively quickly since the menu looks great.  Furthermore, the music selection was an arm and a leg above other bars, and their bathrooms are spic and span, even after a night with a huge crowd putting them to the test. Kush, I look forward to becoming your regular.
I would like to start this review by giving Thanks!!!! Thank you for the great food, thank you for an amazing local beer selection, thank you for the Honey Mustard and the ketchup ;)' thank you for the great idea.... Thank you for having a vision and making it happen!!!! Should I say anything else? There are no words that will serve this place any justice... Please try everything in their menu! Chicken and Waffles, the burgers, the black bean burgers, the brownies with cold milk!!!!  Hello, is this paradise or something close to it... If you are not in for the food, please use this place as a great way to sample all the amazing craft beers ....  With some Sweet Potato fries .... There is no other way! Heat fan? They play the games!!!!! Served with some Alligator bites.... Mood for a homemade meal? grilled Cheese with Sopa de Tomate... The staff is amazing, they help you find the perfect beer for you... And also the best match from their menu... Kush!!!! Kush!!! Don't Hesitate....
The food is superb! Amazingly fresh, inspired modern American cuisine. Everything on the menu is creative and new which isn't easy to come across anymore. They have a special craft beer menu with some beers exceeding $50 a glass. Must be fantastic to the taste! My "Kush Hash Burger" as it is called was exquisite. A perfectly cooked beef patty piled with bacon, a fried egg, a hash brown in the middle and snuggled between waffle buns. Creative, delicious and reasonably priced. I'm definitely going back for something new and I highly recommend this place to all you Yelpers.
Going to be the contrarian here and the reason is buzzzzzz... Yes, due to the fact there were issues with the A/C and the location is across the street from a recycling center I had to spend some time shooing flies away from around my plate. It also makes the prices feel a little high for the food.  That's normally a big no-no but the reason I'm only knocking them down two stars is because they just opened. There were two small mixups with the food. I ordered their grilled cheese and tomato soup, along with the chicken sandwich. The chicken sandwich was brought out before the soup, and the avocado I asked removed was not taken out. I had to remind my waitress about the soup, though once it was brought out it was tasty. The fried chicken sandwich was otherwise delicious with a decent sized, tender that was not overly breaded. The sweet potato fries that replaced the coleslaw were crispy and not overly greasy. Key lime pie I shared with my friend was fluffy, lightly creamy and a good closer overall. I'm a fan of their Coconut Grove Lokal location, and enjoyed both their Petrus lambic and Cigar City apple cider so I'm hoping these guys fix the above mishaps so I can be back.
We stopped by Wynwood Brewery today and were told to check out Kush. We are semi-regulars at Lokal, so decided to check out this place. Usually an outdoors girl, but a little shady area, so wasn't appealing. Nice bar set up (good craft options). Much smaller than Lokal, but we got a table quickly. We both ordered Farm style chicken sandwich...I got portobella mushrooms as side; husband got fries. Great sandwich and *tip: add sriracha hot sauce!! Really liked it and may go back in Wynwood...but since Lokal is up the street, that's our spot
I am a beer lover and Kush is the only place I know in Miami that has Cantillon beers. The food here is great but today will be the last time I visit this place. I called Kush this morning to ask if they would be able to play the Florida Gator football game and they said they would, so we showed up ready to enjoy a nice meal and a good game for our Alma Mater. The television was showing an old bad comedy movie that nobody in the room was watching and the waitress mentioned that several customers requested the game but that "they are not a sports bar." I interpreted that statement as we prefer to lose you as a customer and leave this pointless movie on because we are too hip to show football regardless of the fact we had no issue telling you we will show the game. They then had the nerve to make up an excuse about having a faulty cable box when the game was on CBS available to watch over the air. This  snobbery and ridiculous rationale superseded our entire experience. It's a shame that they place more importance on entitlement than customer service. As much as I love Cantillon, I'd rather find it overseas than go back to Kush.
